 I 've been in the CRM industry for more than 10 years and have read nearly all of the books that exist on this topic . Barton Goldenberg 's CRM Automation book is the best one on the market today . Unlike other CRM authors Barton Goldenberg has extensive CRM implementation experience and this is what differentiates his book from all the others . The guy has been in the trenches and he really knows what he is talking about ! He shares his vast knowledge with the reader in a clear , concise way . No fluff , just valuable insight . Key points are driven home one after the other .
 This is an excellent reference , I have not been able to put it down . In fact , I have interrupted my John Grisham novel to finish CRM Automation
 This book is simply beautiful and amazing . It is hard cover with the book being held inside . The book is tied in three places with ribbon . It 's so very special just the opening of it all . It 's a large book with ALL Black and White images of Picasso 's sculptures . But oh , the photography ! The images are HUGE , you are right up , close and personal to all of the pieces featured , and can see every nook and cranny , and even sometimes his fingerprints.This book is truly a collectible item , just to have , to hold and to treasure . Many of the works are early , most of which I have never come across before .
 Author , Russell Freeman , writes an informational -LRB- nonfiction -RRB- book targeting grades 3 - 7 about the interdependence of the Plains Indian Tribes and the North American Bison . This book documents a way of life few non-Indian people were privileged to see . The bison shaped the culture of these tribes , the tribes usually killed only what they needed and used all parts of the animal . The various tribes of the plains husbanded the bison herds and the land on which they grazed to insure the survival of this essential source of food and shelter . The buffalo hunt was accompanied by supplication to the spirits and shaman of the tribes and was participated in by all , though only men killed buffalo . The job of others was to clean the kill and cure the meat and hides . The author describes more than one hunting technique . Also , he explains how the Indians developed into skillful horsemen as they evolved from hunting on foot to the use of wild horses.The slaughter of bison populations as whites encroached upon and gradually took over Indian lands resulted in the end of a way of life and the near annihilation of the Plains Indian Tribes in the 50 + years from around 1830 to 1888 . The book is illustrated with reproductions of original paintings and drawings of the period by artists such as George Catlin and Karl Bodmer who were adventurer-artists traveling alone , or nearly so , through regions that only a few fur trappers and traders had seen before this time.Freeman has crafted a book with a balanced combination of illustration and information . His book would surpass the most rigorous standards for great nonfiction . It presents information objectively and without bias or opinion and uses beautiful works of art for illustration - the art of both the white and the Indian , from the period under scrutiny . It explains a way of life that has been lost yet does not belabor the point , marginalize the people , or sentimentalize the topic . I would recommend this book highly . It could be used for art projects in schools as well as for factual writing assignments . The author has written other respected informational books for children , e.g. , Lincoln
 We visited South Africa for 20 days in July 2000 , driving from Cape Town to Kruger . Before we left we sat down at a large book store and reviewed all their South African travel books . This one looked the best and proved to be very useful , particularly for accomodations . Some of the prices had changed but the standards and services were exactly as described . This is a great book for travellers who are above the backpacker/budget level but not up to `` Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous . ''
 In December 99 we used Frommer 's 00 South Africa for a nine day tour by car through the Western Cape -- a good test for relevance and comprehensiveness . We found it by far the most helpful of the guides we looked at . An amazing amount of detail , good maps , lots of interesting background information , and thoroughly entertaining . How all guidebooks should be .
 An excellent reference book for anyone visiting Southern Africa . We only found a few minor errors but the recommendations on where to go and what to see were very useful.We 're looking forward to going again and will certainly take this book along . We did n't have enough time to see it all .
 Just returned from a 2 week trip to South Africa - this book was very helpful in finding places to stay , things to do , how to keep safe , etc. . I took `` The Eyewitness Guide '' with me too , but that book was not very helpful.I would also recommend you talk to someone who has been there and make sure you have local contacts . This is a crazy but beautiful country . Have a wonderful trip !
 I had 3 guide books for my 10 day trip to S. Africa and this was by far the best , really the only one I needed . Maps were a lifesaver . Suggested restaurants and routes were great ! I highly recommend this guidebook .
 My nephew and I are going to South Africa for the World Cup . I took all the South Africa travel books out of the library and thought this one was the most clearly presented .
 As always , Frommer has the scoop on everything from bus schedules to high end accomodations . This is very complete and gives you an insiders know how for picking and choosing meals , accomodations and tours .
 My family and I took five books about South Africa with us , and this is the book we used and relied on the most . It proved to be the most accurate with what we experienced once there , and the book itself was the easiest to use in its layout and organization .
 Planning a trip in the near future and this book was a wealth of useful information . Including the fact that Johannesburg is not a safe place for tourists . Well worth the money if you are planning a trip to Southern Africa .
 It is a very good guide book to South Africa and it is wonderful to have it on my Kindle and not have to carry a book around with me when I travel .
 I knew nothing about South Africa , until I read this book . I knewwhat to expect when I got there .
 Although I have yet to visit South Africa -LRB- so I ca n't verify the accuracy -RRB- it seems to give you a nice write up on the major tourist areas . Like all guides it can not cover every topic that might be of interest to one particular reader .
 This book , as all the Frommer series , is very good to help you plan a trip . The recommendations are often the same as you will find on Tripadvisor which increase my confidence level , but in the book you get really detailed information with contact numbers and websites . They have maps of each area with the interest point marked on it , this is a great planning tool ; you can really figure better in what order to schedule visits . Yes , other boks have more photos , this one definitely does not but that is why it 's a good planner , it has INFORMATION . Those pretty DK books are nice to look at but useless to plan with . I would like to see them update more frequently but reality is that the information does not really change that often , so all in all the book is great .
 I love the reliability of vendors which describe a product and when the piece arrives at your door , you can count on opening the product which was described online . My book arrived in great shape , looking new - just as described .
 I have been to South Africa before and am heading back and needed more information and this book is very thorough and helpful .
 I am preparing for a trip to South Africa in May to join my daughter that is studying abroad in Cape Town . I anticipate that the information packed in the pages of this book will be very helpful in making contacts with hotels , adventure planners , and restaurants . With the help from the chapter on Victoria Falls , we anticipate having a successful trip through Zimbabwe as well .
 This was the very first Agatha Christie novel I read . I thought it was absolutely riveting . A great book for just about anyone , I would say . Reading this book got me hooked on Agatha Christie , though I suppose I was spoiled by it , because none of her books that I have read since then have measured up to this one . This book is a must-read , and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys mystery . Remember , dont assume reading this book , for it will send you in the opposite direction of the solution . you will never guess what the ending is , that I guarantee ! If anyone has comments for me , or a book for me to read , email me !
 The Little Gray Cells strike again in this fabulous book `` Cat Among the Pigeons . '' At a very respectable British boarding school three teachers all die while looking in the gym for some very mysterious foreign jewls put there by a man before his death . Mixed in with also a bit of spying at the beginning and Poirot 's wit and wisdom this book is fabulous and has an unpredictable but fruitful ending !
 This 1959 novel begins in a fictional mideastern country . The country is on the brink of revolution , the young prince is planning his escape he entrusts the family fortune in gems to his closest friend to smuggle out of the country . Arrangements are made shortly before the two young men are killed.Meanwhile , back in England it is the beginning of the summer term at Meadowlands , an exclusive girls ' school . Students and staff from all over the world are there , including a princess from the mideast whose cousin/fiance has just been killed . The famous gems have also found there way there . Various unusual occurances begin to take place at the school , strange visitors , unusual behavior among the staff and then murder and kidnapping.One of the students uncovers part of the secret and decides that she needs outside help so she contacts Hercule Poirot . Poirot , of course , resolves the mysteries both large and small that have been plaguing the school.There are more characters introduced in this novel than is usual in Christie 's work which makes this one of the more challenging of her work to figure out . There are several subplots woven into the action that things confusing as well . This is a departure from Christie 's usual ` cozy ' stories of village life or house parties . It is more of a thriller than her usual work , some of her most sympathetic characters are killed and Poirot only appears at the end of the novel . Even so it is a very enjoyable mystery and one of my personal favorites.We are also treated to an update on the Summerhills , old friends from a previous book , MRS. McGINTY 'S DEAD . Mrs. Summerhill is a friend of one of the students ' parents . Poirot is delighted to hear that although Mrs. Summerhill 's house is still disorganized and her cooking is generally deplorable she makes wonderful omelets , a skill that she learned from him .
 Whose work are we actually reading at this point ? There were already major differences in punctuation , word choices , and scene breaks between the original Collins and Dodd Mead editions of this novel . There were further differences between the Dodd Mead editions republished by Random House/Avenel and the Dodd Mead editions republished by Simon & Shuster/Pocket . There are further additions still in the recent Signet , Berkley , and Leventhal and Black editions . For every publishing house putting out her works , there seem to be a new batch of editors altering Agatha Christie 's words and the sound of her voice . Here the publishers at Collins , dissatisfied with their own earlier efforts , put still more distance between author and public with a `` New Ed '' edition . What 's the matter with these publishers ? Whose voice do they think we want to hear when we sit down to a novel by Agatha Christie ? And what will she sound like twenty years from now ? It 's frightening that her estate has failed to see the importance of guarding her words as she wrote them . Please tell me I 'm not the only one here who senses that a crime has been committed .
 I first read this book when I was twelve , about the same age as the main characters in the story . Some of the motivations of the adults seemed murky to me , but the children , especially young Julia , were all spot on ! Good work writing about children , as is typical of Agatha -LRB- CROOKED HOUSE -RRB- Christie .
 An English pilot for a Middle Eastern ruling prince just managed to hide a fabulous fortune in gems somewhere in his sister 's room , just before the prince was overthrown in a revolution . The unsuspecting sister returned to England with her daughter , just in time for the girl to start in Meadowbanks , an &eacute;lite girls school , where a female cousin -LRB- & fiance -RRB- of the deposed prince , was also arranged to attend.Several interested parties had been on the prowl searching for the gems , the pilot 's efforts had not been as clandestine as he had hoped . With new girls , new teachers , and also a new young handsome male gardener , was it a wonder that some residents of Meadowbanks felt as if there was a hidden cat among the pigeons.Agatha Christie painted an excellent picture of an English public school going about its daily business . There were staff as well as students who were trying to get use to a new environment . There was a headmistress , who having successfully established the school according to her vision after years of struggle , was considering passing the torch to the next generation . There were old faithfuls among the staff who were less prominent but had heard and seen much of what others missed.Meadowbanks was probably Agatha Christie 's of what an ideal school should be like.Having got the background set , Agatha Christie got down to business with the first murder , the victim being a rather unpopular new staff in the recently completed Sports Pavilion . Readers would have been given enough outright hints before this as to what would be of interest in the Sports Pavilion . The object of the mystery quickly turned from recovery of the gems to the discovery of the murderer.Midway , a second murder almost threw the investigators off-track , and a third murder was committed before Hercule Poirot who was called in late in the game seriously got down to business.Mystery readers could find little fault in way which the authorities set about trying to find the culprit , but it took bringing back a student 's mother from Anatolia to trap the murderer.All the while , Christie managed to maintain a light hearted atmosphere despite the deaths in the story , with occassional injection of humour and wit . She included important and interesting roles for the diverse characters from students to faculty to police to parents in how the mystery was played out . This is truly one of her most readable book .
 Cat Among the Pigeons is a book that shows what Agatha Christie can do . It is a well-written page turner . The plot is exciting from beginning to end and the characters are all interesting . The only small problem with this book is the numerous amount of characters . The characters have small parts , but it still is a little confusing at first . Overall , the book definitely deserves 5 stars
 This is the first Christie book I 've ever read . . I got hooked on Christie ever since ! I remember i was only nine when my father suddenly came and shoved me this book ... I never really did guess the ending . At first , I did n't really understand , but then after reading it a few more times I decided it was WONDERFULY ... a must-read book for all readers who love crimes .
 I recall this being not quite as wonderful as the others have described , but certainly rather good . The fact that this has to do with a school and the possibility of the murderer being one of the children was paticularly horrifying -- but not out of Dame Christie 's reach.In fact , I was expecting this to be focused on a more psychological view-point , something reminiscent of Endless Night or Crooked House . However , this was nothing more than a harmless novel with murder , murderer , and motive -- the only difference its being in a school . I suppose the only reason I gave this 4 stars is because I was quite anticipating something different . But who can blame me ? After all , the potential for a psychologically horrifying mystery was certainly there .
 Without any doubt , Cat among the pigeons is one of agatha christie 's best.It is an awesome book.The story is set in an English bording school , Meadowbanks.I really love this book because the story is set in a school and agatha portrays the character of the teachers very well.I was happy POirot did not appear until the second murder had took place because i found him very annoying in the other books.However he really was a genius in solving the puzzle , which is fit for experts . . Overall , Cat among the pigeons was immensely enjoyable and it is a must read !!!!!!!
 here 's another one of agatha christie 's classics ... the title provides the clue to what the novel 's mostly about ... a page-turner which will keep readers entertained till the very end ...
 In school I was assigned to read an Agatha Christie book . I read this one and I thought it was great , I could n't put it down . Now I 'm hooked on Christie 's books . This book is n't that easy to figure out but Poirot 's little grey cells did it again .
 After completing this fast paced , character driven , thriller/mystery , I immediately stocked up with more Christie titles . Slueth extrodinaire Poirot makes an unusally late appearance but , this serves to only highten his effectiveness and our interest . Ms. Christie 's masteries include the ability to make us like and even care about characters in as little as 2 or 3 sentences . By doing this she clouds our judgement on motive , deception , and the ability to deduce what only becomes obvious after another classic Poirot confrontations with the suspects . This is one Christie 's best `` later '' works .
 It was the first day of Summer Term at Meadowbank school , the kind of school that was relaxed , and calm -- until their gym mistress was found murdered in the Sports Pavilion , and everything goes down from there . This Agatha Christie thriller will keep you on the edge of your seat and , it will make you want to read until the mystery is solved
 How far can a person really go to kill , to slice on ' e self , to glide through the world of evil . Poirot , the belgian detective scrambling through the holes of a mystery like a mouse , not powerful but ready to zoom in.That day when I went to the library he was prepared to zoom in to a barden school for girls . It seems very peaceful until two teachers die . The interesting thing about this book ias that Poirot comes at the end . Thsi is a sign . . at the end things gom wrong . In each Poirot mystery there is a lesson to be learned , a thread to pull on . Not 0only these suspects learn , but we do too ! This book has elemants of a regular mystery but thery disapear to a far away island they do not escape but get covered . By Hercule Poirot , the suspects . And I still now am getting covered up . For Iam a cat among the pigoens , we all are and all will be .
 This is one of Christie 's best later works and it shows she can still weave intricate plots and characters together with effective ease . Great atmosphere and story , with Poirot popping up almost toward the end . You 'll never see any of the final threads coming . Perhaps her most entertaining book of the 1950 's .
 Cat Among the Pigeons is really a delightful book . The ending is really a turn around , and you 'll never guess the solution ahead of time . Plus , this book was extra good for me because I did n't think Poirot was in it but he was ! It was a good surprise .
 This I think is one of the best books that I have ever read . I have read a lot of Agatha Christie 's books because they are all murder mysteries and I love murder mysteries . Agatha Chrisitie is my favorite author and she will always be!I Recommend you read this one !
 This is one of my favorite books from Agatha Christie 's later years . Her grip of story telling , plotting and planning is still strong . There is some humor in the narrative and amusement is provided by many of the characters.Agatha Christie tries her hand at the girls ' school setting here . Older reader will suspect that she was well-acquainted with similar settings chosen by A A Milne and Dorothy Sayers , and that she had been brought up on the once popular school girl annuals . Of course there needs to be a raison d'tre behind the series of murders that occurs at the school and this is well narrated also.I have mentioned the narration several times . It is an element that helps explain this writer 's phenomenal popularity . She gets the timing right . Other writers in this genre produce more elegant prose but somehow fail in this regard.At this time in her career , Agatha Christie was experimenting with narrative methods . She attempted the `` quick scene change '' method here , and brings it off with skill and flair . She also , at this time in her career , frequently milked the situation where something was briefly glimpsed in a mirror , or a familiar face briefly glimpsed at a great distance . Watch out for these occurrences as you turn the pages to reach Hercule Poirot 's final revelation of just who is the cat among the pigeons .
 Cat Among the Pigeons by Agatha ChristieBlack Dog & Leventhal , 1959297 pagesHercule Poirot Mystery4/5 starsSummary
 I have recently `` found '' Agatha Christie books . It believe her to be an excellent author . I can relate to the subject matter of this book because I , too , attend a private girls ' school , though I could n't imagine any of the events happening there ! I reccomment this book for anyone , but especially for teen girls .
 Again , a wonderful book of the queen of suspense . The coming of Poirot is rather late , but the thrill is there ! As usual , you are going in the wrong direction and the end is pretty unexpected . This book is not my favorite of Christie 's but it is a very good one . Fan of Christie,e-mail me at ilex@caramail.com .
 This is my favorite Agatha Christie so far ! You 'll never guess the ending , either . I will admit Hercule Poirot did n't come in until kind of late in the story , but it 's really good ! Do n't try and solve it for yourself ; there are n't enough clues.I Definitely Reccomend This Book !!!! -LRB- I 'm a 12 year old girl from Alaska . If there are any other Christie fans out there my age please contact me !!! mercat@angelfire.com -RRB-
 The plot is simple , the characters memorable , and the clues , motives , and suspects pure Christie in this wonderful mystery that takes place at an English boarding school for girls.A young prince of a Middle East kingdom is killed in a flying accident and leaves behind a valuable collection of jewels to be smuggled into England by his friend Bob Rawlinson . It is believed the jewels will turn up at Meadowbank School since not only the prince 's sister but also the sister and niece of Bob Rawlinson are all students there . Not surprisingly , murder after murder takes place at the prestigious school . Everyone from the headmistress and teachers to the students and parents are suspects until Poirot 's clever little grey cells solve the mystery .
 There was a time when I would honestly read this book about every two months . I simply HAD to be reading Cat Among the Pigeons , no matter what else I was reading at the time . I would alternate between two different Agatha Christies and this one , and it actually lasted about a year ! That 's my testimonial to how absolutely perfect Cat Among the Pigeons is.And what makes this book so great and worth the money ? Well , for one thing , Agatha did a flawless job of capturing atmosphere in this book . Ramat does n't even exist , I do n't think , yet I could feel myself there , feel the heat , practically see the opulence of the unfortunate young prince 's palace , and feel the current of danger and imminent disaster present in every Ramat scene . I have no idea how she did it , because she was never one to give readers a lot of local flavor . And now , here is Agatha Christie making us feel the heart of an IMAGINARY CITY!The same goes for the girls ' school . I could clearly picture Meadowbank in my mind , with its lazy afternoons and young students concerned more with boys and hiding places for cigarettes , than the relationship between Iago , Desdemona , and Othello.The characters could reach out and tap you on the nose , they are made so perfectly . There are no faceless , plastic people in this novel -LRB- not that there always are in other Christies . -RRB- I 've often mentally applied Christie 's wonderful description of Ann Shapland 's hair to other people in my life
 This is definitely one of Christies best novels , right up there with Death Comes as the End , And Then There Were None , and Murder in Mesopotamia.Yeah , ok , she might not be a literary genius , but she definitely has genius of a kind . She practically invented this type of detective novel -LRB- i 'm not counting Conan Doyle . Why ? Because i hate his ludicrous novels -RRB- , using the brain , whilst at the same time creating great character sketches.She does n't develop her characters loads , but then , that is NOT what her novels are about . they 're about enjoying a great puzzle . And boy , can she construct a great puzzle ! The one here is probably the bestm in that is lacks Hercule Poirot for about the first three quarters -LRB- some of her best books were those which were without Poirot or Marple -RRB- . through that she was able to create a good psychological detective story , then bring Poirot in at the end to tie it all up neatly and provide the solution.The climax is great , and probably one of her best . I read this when i was about 12 , and was not at all versed in the workins of a detective novel , in that it is the least likely person who did it . I just enjoyed the read , and was gladly surprised when i found out the identity of the culprit . No doubt , those with mroe experience would have been able to spot the killer straight away . However , this remains one of her best novels , and one which i will enjoy reading again and again .
 this is a really good Agatha Christie . What I like about it is the way it is written - more chatty and relaxed than usual , though with plenty of suspense . E-mail if you like murder mysteries !
 This is definitely my favorite Agatha Christie book . The element of a girls ' school murder was classic . It was good without being to deep . Also , no matter how hard you try , you can not guess the end , unti Mr. Poirot explains of course . Personally , I liked him not being in much of the book because it took a school girl to find out the mystery . I recommend this to anyone who wishes to read a frivolous , exciting , and definitely intersting book .
 Cat Among the Pigeons is an Agatha Christie murder mystery . The novel opens in the Royal Palace of Ramat . A politcal coup is in place against Prince Ali Yusef . Ali is a young and democratic leader of the land . His aideEnglishman Bob Rawlinson and Ali plan to flee the country in a plane . Prior to this flight , Bob hides a bag containing priceless jewels in his sister Joan Sutcliffe 's room in the hotel . Joan and her daughter Jennifer were visiting Ramat as tourists . Bob and Yusef are killed when their plane crashes . Where are the jewels?The plot then revolves around the events at the exclusive Meadowbank School for young ladies . The school was founded by the formidable Miss Bulstrode . Three persons are murdered at the school as the murderer wishes to locate the hidden jewels . The police are unable to solve the crimes until Hercule Poiret steps in to unweave all the strings in this complex thriller.A fun read as Agatha Christie 's brilliant mind leads her readers through a complicated maze until the solution of the mystery is made manifest by Poiret . An excellent Christie !
 I have recently decided to revisit the wonderfully entertaining works of Dame Agatha Christie . And after a more than thirty year hiatus I have found the reading as fresh and entertaining as ever . The author has an engaging style that holds the attention throughout the writing , and this is certainly evident in `` Cat Among the Pigeons '' . From the first pages the reader is provided with a detailed and intimate acquaintance with the physical setting as well as the characters , and this is developed and carried throughout the ensuing pages . I especially enjoyed the appearance of the indomitable Hercule Poirot in the later chapters and the cool development of his part in the solution to the mystery at hand . I have made a vow with my `` little grey cells '' to re-read every one of Dame Agatha ' s Poirot collection as well as her other works .
 excellent read with very intricate and clever plot , with the usual high quality standard you can get from Agatha Christie 's book . My only comment is that Poirot comes in to the story only very late about a bit more than halfway through the book , but very good nevertheless
 This is one of the best books by my favourite writer.full of suspense and some action too.Only thing that bothered me was that our `` Little Belgian '' is introduced in the 2nd half of the book.its highly recommend to any Christie fan .
 This is my first experience with Agatha Christie . Mystery is not a genre I read a lot of , but Christie is so well-known I thought I 'd give it a shot . Many novels do have elements of mystery in them , of course , particularly in hiding certain plot points or motivations until the end , so I am familiar with the conventions . I find that mystery , like many other things in life , is at its best before everything is revealed . Monster movies are always scarier when you do n't see the monster than when you do . Cat Among the Pigeons is no different . I think it has a satisfying reveal , but Christie cheats a little to throw us off track.I like Christie 's writing style . She sprinkles plenty of wit and humor throughout her storytelling . There is a general feeling amongst the characters that there is a cat among the pigeons . Somebody does n't belong , but nobody can put their finger on who . The reader will have their guesses , of course , based on evidence and hunches . Christie throws out plenty of red herrings , and it 's our job to try and see past these distractions . I had an idea of who the murderer was , but I was proved wrong . At first I was okay with this , but as Christie revealed more details I felt like she cheated . Something happens that leads us off the trail of the killer , and while there is motivation behind this something that happens , it is nonetheless difficult to believe it would happen . I will leave this vague so as not to spoil anything for you.Other than this , there was plenty to enjoy . The description of the workings of Meadowbank were fun to read , as was getting to know the key characters like Miss Bulstrode , who seems to amaze everybody , even the narrator . The introduction of Hercule Poirot feels random , but I guess it is necessary to solve the mystery . The early scenes in Ramat were also effective . There 's a brief moment of interesting political discussion that took me off guard . The prince of Ramat ca n't understand why his people want to rebel against him . He wants to enact welfare programs to help his people , where his father was a murderous tyrant . Yet they want to oust the nice one . He 's hurt and bewildered by these developments . It 's as though his people are n't ready for a progressive leader just yet . The prince is left wondering the same thing as Miss Bulsrode - why murder at all ?
 I admit that I like old-fashioned books like Agatha Christie 's . For me this was not a `` typical '' Christie book , which is probably one of the things I like about her so much - I find that often , her books are not quite what I expect them to be . In this case , a coup in a Middle Eastern country , a missing sack of precious jewels , and murder at an exclusive girls ' school in England mix for a fun and fast read . I like the way Christie does international intrigue ; and it 's also interesting to see how the unrest in the Middle East of the 1950s continues today.Another interesting thing about the book is that Hercule Poirot does n't show up until the last third . As much as I like Christie , a little bit of Hercule goes a long way . -LRB- I often find the mysteries in the Hercule books `` better '' than the mysteries in the Miss Marple books , but I do enjoy Miss Marple 's company more . -RRB- So , this was just the right amount of M. Poirot for me . As usual , he asks his crazy questions , like `` Did anyone notice her knees ? '' , that turn out to be quite useful in uncovering the mystery.Something else I noticed was Christie 's wit . Interestingly , I do n't usually think of Christie as in the `` witty '' category , but there is a nice sprightliness in the book that keeps the pages turning . The characters are well drawn , too ; I know there are critics who complain about Christie 's `` lack of characterization , '' but the personalities at the girls ' school are very nicely drawn . Overall , I enjoyed the mixing of the genres here and found CAT AMONG THE PIGEONS to be a pleasant summer read . Of course , it 's not one of her very greatest -LRB- like TEN LITTLE INDIANS , MURDER ON THE O. EXPRESS , ROGER ACKROYD -RRB- but it 's not one of her pretty bad ones -LRB- like ELEPHANTS CAN REMEMBER or POSTERN OF FATE -RRB- . Enjoy - and if you have a teenager who likes mystery , get him or her into trying Agatha Christie . A great way to help teenagers become lifelong readers .
 Agatha Christie -LRB- 1890-1976 -RRB- is generally thought of a mystery novelist , the creator of Hercule Poirot and Jane Marple -- but she varied her output from time to time , writing several celebrated plays , numerous short stories , and occasionally turning out a novel that was more of a thriller than a mystery . Such is the case with the 1959 novel CAT AMONG THE PIGEONS , which begins lightly enough among school girls attending the famous Meadowbank school in England and then unexpectedly seques to a revolution in the middle east , stolen jewels , a kidnapping , and three murders.Although most of the story plays out at Meadowbanks , the plot pivot is in the middle east , where revolution threatens progressive Prince Ali Yusuf . In an effort to protect himself and at least part of his fortune , the prince gives his personal pilot , Bob Rawlinson , an extremely valuble package of jewels and asks Rawlinson to find a way to move them to England . Rawlinson agrees and hides the jewels among the luggage carried by his unwitting sister and niece , who are visiting the area but are scheduled to return to England shortly . That same day Rawlinson and the prince attempt to escape the country on an airplane , but sabatoge causes the aircraft to crash and both are killed . It becomes apparent that the jewels are not among Bob 's sister 's luggage ; the must therefore be in the luggage of his neice , schoolgirl Jennifer . To further complicate matters , Jennifer is not the only student at Meadowbanks with a connection to prince Ali Yusuf ; his cousin , Shaista , is a student as well , and it seems likely that the jewels will find their way to her.No sooner are the girls settled at Meadowbanks than not one but two murders occur . Fortunately , Jennifer has a sharp-minded school friend named Julia Upjohn , daughter of a woman who worked in military intelligence during World War II . Julia soon realizes that there is a problem , unravels the story of the missing jewels , and after an inspired guess locates them as well . But now her own life is in danger , and Julia wastes no time in going to the celebrated Hercule Poirot , who produces a final solution -- but not before a third death ensues.CAT AMONG THE PIGEONS is not among the first rank of Christie 's novels ; although she clearly had fun writing it , and writing similar novels , her gifts did indeed turn more toward the intricate plotting required of her mysteries and less toward the action-adventure required of a thriller . Even so , it is a very enjoyable read -- for both fans and newcomers a like . Recommended.GFT , Amazon ReviewerIn Memory of Floy Bennett
 This is the first Agatha Christie I have read after my class was required to read a mystery novel written by one of the authors during the Golden Age of Mystery . I have to say , I was impressed . It was a little slow at the start , but it is to be expected in most of her books . Once the first murder occurs , though , things pick up pretty fast . This takes place in one of the best girls ' schools . But what happens when the best girls ' school has a murder ? Is it the best?See if you can find out who the killer is !
 I absolutly loved this book . Although Hercule Poirot does n't come in untill closer to the end of the book , this is in my oppinion one of the best Agatha Cristie 's and it will keep you guessing to the last page .
 You 're going to hear a lot about Michael Marano 's debut novel , Dawn Song . You 're going to read all about how literary it is , how intelligent , how beautifully written , how subtle and scholarly . Okay , all that 's true , but I 'm here to tell you how hard it kicks butt.This book rocks . It 's gripping , fascinating , bizarre , and most of all , scary . Set in Boston in the bitter winter of 1990 , Dawn Song is the story of a desperate battle between two major princes of Hell . Both want supremacy over the Earth ; Belial , the Unbowed One , seeks to obtain souls through eloquent entrapments and sensual conquests of human weakness , while Leviathan , the Enfolded One , just wants to infect the world with brainless violence . The Unbowed One sends a beautiful succubus to the Earth to carry out his will and spread his influence , which she does with innocently evil gusto . Many humans become entangled in her web of sex and soul-devouring death , including Lawrence , a nave young gay man , and Ed , a brilliant , troubled professor of theology . When the nightmarish Enfolded One -LRB- who has basically caused the Gulf War by rolling over in his sleep -RRB- gets wind of the succubus 's many horrific accomplishments , he reaches out into the human world , possesses a hapless teacher , and the brimstone really hits the fan.Dawn Song has all the good stuff . Sex , violence , beauty , madness , terror , paranoia , love , hate , hope and despair . Rest assured , you 'll be taken on an emotional roller coaster as soon as you crack the cover . And you 'll be scared . Will you ever . One of the most horrifying aspects of the whole story is the fact that -LRB- although you find yourself rooting for the sensual Unbowed One -RRB- no matter which one of the demonic lords may win in the end , we , the human race , are hosed . It 's like the difference between being eaten by Hannibal Lecter or Leatherface . One may serve you up on a silver platter with a glass of Chianti , the other on a TV tray with a bottle of Yoo Hoo , but either way , you still end up et . It 's not a ple ! asant thought , and it gives the book a creeping aura of menace that sets the reader on constant edge.So check it out . Dawn Song will stretch your brain in directions you 've never dreamed about . Just do n't plan to sleep well for awhile .
 Dawn Song is a brilliant debut , superbly written , intelligently plotted , and skillfullly peopled with a most intriguing array of characters . It 's chilling , and inspires such abject awe ... . A magnificent tale of dark magick and human interrelations .
 It is frightening how good this book is . For a first book this has got to be one of the strongest releases ever . Michael Marano does a wonderful job of capturing the snobbish and desperate attitude of the typical Bostonian . His approach to demonology and the landscape of Hell is fresh and believable . There are a lot of characters to keep track of but they each have a unique personality which makes them all quite memorable . A fine book . I ca n't wait to see what he does next .
 It took me a while to get really `` into '' this one . However , I was really hooked from page one because I just could n't put it down . The writing is lyrical , nearly poetic , the images created are haunting . The novel introduces a series of characters on a variety of levels ; nothing is truly as it first appears in this novel . The Succubus is such an incredible character ; she is erotic and dangerous without any other motive than to fulfill her purpose for coming to earth . Her image will stick with you throughout this read . The dialogue is intelligent and realistic , the images are sharp , and the plot keeps building throughout the novel . This is a must-read for the intelligent horror reader .
 Beautifully and thoughtfully written , Michael Marano obviously knows both theology and horror , a combination which has alternately fascinated and terrified readers throughout the ages . Not only will DAWN SONG thoroughly capture the reader , it will educate and enlighten . This book is meant for strong-hearted , intelligent readers who want to think about what 's going into their minds and prefer to challenge their ideals . A stunning first novel , and I 'm eagerly looking forward to Marano 's next novel .
 I have read people comparing this to the `` Vampire '' series and I disagree . Ms. Rice will take entire chapters to make you feel like you know a person in her books . Mr. Morano , by using characters based on ordinary people with ordinary emotions and real life reactions to those problems , has been able to make each person in the book seem `` real '' in a few short pages . Not to mention that the main charecter of the book , a succubus , a _ demon _ , becomes something you root for . She is what she is and does not try to find `` meaning '' in her being `` evil '' like Ms. Rice needed to do for Lestat . I liked the Lestat books , but I would not put these two together .
 This novel is a succubus in itself . Its intense brooding darkness contained a subtle style and atmosphere that produces in the reader a new strain of melancholy . It reminded me of the best of Ellison and Ligotti and moves the genre to someplace that demands to be called `` Literature '' , yet does n't forget its roots .
 What is realy surprising about this book is that this is a first for Michael Mirano . The characters were very believe-able and well developed . The plot was well thought out , original , and took unexpected turns at times . You have to read this book to really appreciate it ! It is a real page turner ! Gripping and suspensful .
 Michael Marano is quite a talented writer . The greatest strengh he reveals in his first novel is character development . Whether the character in question is one of the novel 's major figures or one of the victims in the supernatural war being waged in the streets of Boston , Marano spends time to fully flesh each character out , so that the reader really gets to know the character well . This is particularly effective when Marano makes the reader begin to like a character , just to have him killed by a demon three pages later . In addition , because there are so many well-thought-out characters , it 's difficult to tell who the hero of the novel is , or whether there even * is * a `` hero '' in the standard sense.The plot is thought-provoking as well . When two demons battle for world dominion , who is the `` good guy '' ? Marano deftly avoids the plot pitfall of bringing in God to quash the demons and restore everything to normal , which was refreshing . Instead , the tensions keep mounting until the novel 's end , which makes for compelling reading . I had to finish the book in one night because I could n't go to sleep without knowing what was going to happen next .
 I must state my prejudices up front
 DAWN SONG is hard to `` review '' as most books are reviewed in that it is such a refreshing deviation from the norm ; it is moody , clever , mind-bending , and completely enthralling . It is a novel of dread and terror , yet in a class by itself , so that I hesitate to use the genre `` horror . '' Certainly one I 'd recommend , and highly , to those tired of the cliched novels of fear that come across as `` movies we 've all seen before and can quote the lines and pinpoint the time the cat will jump out at us . '' This is so thick with style it literally becomes part of the plot itself . This is a book in which you submerge yourself , you get sucked into , as if in a surreal and terrifying dream . Laced with the supernatural and contempory front-page news , this is a must ! Check it out ! And congratulations to the author for the well-deserved awards !
 Genuinely frightening story of unforgettable 3-dimensional characters in combat with devils . Beautiful and disturbing , this dark tale will stick in your mind for many years .
 I see I 'm chiming in late with a review of Dawn Song , published in 1998 , but I just recently discovered it . I read the other reviews with interest and agree with most . This is kind of like Ann Rice meets Martin Amis with a strong nod to TS Eliot and Yeats -- all of which makes for a compelling if wordy read , an apocalyptic vision with a unique supernatural twist where evil battles evil and good is just as elusive and undefinable as it seems to be in the `` real '' world . The succubus is by far the most interesting character in the book , and the best anti-hero I 've read in a long time . Evil and blood thirsty , she is nevertheless sympathetic , and I found myself , strangely , rooting for her in the end . The human secondaries do n't feel as well developed or nearly as interesting . The writing is often lovely but just as often a bit self-conscious and overdone . Although I did consider that perhaps the author 's reliance on simile and metaphor reflected the notion that nothing is exactly as it seems - hence , one thing is like another , but not quite what it should be at first glance.Anyhow , while not a gripping read , and not scary , this is certainly an intelligent , unique and worthwhile read . I was disappointed not to find anything new by the author .
 As a fan of the horror genre I am very often forced to sit through a book by a well known author that although has the major affect of scaring me out of my wits , rarely gets deep into my own personal life . Mr. Marano has succeeded where others have failed me!From the moment I picked this book up , I just could n't put it down until I finished the story.The story of two Princes of Hell each trying to take over the world was as gripping as it was frightening , and left me wanting more from this author . His style of prose was just amazing.Of course the real good stuff is the emotional roller coaster you get the privilege to be on from almost page one!This book takes you everywhere , from sorrow to hopeful , and taking little pitstops at each emotion along the way.With characters I could really feel for , the struggle for Earth was just a beautiful mix of great insight and moments of pure suspense.Pick it up if you can , it 's a great read !
 Dawn Song by Michael Marano is an example of how the horror genre is deftly raised to perfect literature under the skilled hand of a superbly gifted writer . Weaving together the stories of an interconnected group of contemporary Bostonians who unwittingly find themselves drawn into an Infernal power struggle between two of the most powerful devils in Hell , Marano sketches a limitless landscape of beauty and terror , using words to coax colour and beauty from a story that is the definition of bleakness . In the end , redemption -- of a sort -- is the dawn song . If you ever wondered what makes a story perfect , if you ever wondered what is was to fall in love with , and suffer with , characters born of an author 's brilliance , read Dawn Song ... with the lights on . This was the definitive millenial novel , the finest horror novel of the 1990s , and is destined to become a modern classic . Dawn Song belongs in the library of every intellectual horror fan , and anyone who appreciates the finest writing currently available to discerning readers worldwide .
 I enjoyed this book , but I have heard the whole thing is based on a real group of ceremonial magicians living in Oakland , some of whom the author actually knew . Could this be the case ?
 Gittell provides an analysis of the school system of New York City in the 60s . Explaining the command and control structure . With actors like District Superintendants , supervisory associations , as well as the Teachers Union.The context of the educational and social environment of the city is also explained . The current reader might be struck by this note - `` The NYC school system has been the beneficiary of substantial increases in funds and personnel over the last decade with seemingly little effective change in the calibre of the system as a whole and with only limited success in special programs '' . That observation might have been made by others in the intervening years .
 A review of Space the Free Market FrontierAlthough the Cato Institute , the publisher of this book , did not misrepresent its contents , I was expecting something different . I was hoping for more of a `` future of space science '' tome so that I could find out more about the specific space technologies which will ultimately work . -LRB- The shuttle program obviously has serious problems -RRB- . What I found instead was a collection of scholarly essays , mostly centering on the economics of the issue , to be read by congressmen and policy wonks.There is nothing wrong with that , of course . But personally , I would have preferred something more in line with G. Harry Stine 's book , Halfway to Anywhere
 Compiled and edited by Edward L. Hudgins -LRB- Washington Director of The Objectivist Center -RRB- , Space
 This is a short story book about the exciting events that happen in the still of the night . No , I should say `` exciting cat events '' . Read about Slinky Malinki and the other cats ' activities , as well as their encounters with the much disliked Scarface Claw . This book should be able to `` kick start '' kids who do n't like reading . Catchy story-line and nice graphics too . I enjoyed every part of it !
 This book is becoming my three year old 's favorite . He loves the names of the other cats - like Mushroom MacGee and Pimpernell Pugh . The ending is wonderful , especially the drawing that accompanies it . I highly recommend it , but watch out for Scarface Claw ... Fsssss - pitapit !!!
 Slinky Malinky shows a softer side in this delightful tale from the creator of Hairy Maclary . Slinky Malinky has been a thief in the night -LRB- SLINKY MALINKY -RRB- and a partner in wanton destruction -LRB- SLINKY MALINKY OPEN THE DOOR -RRB- but this time the long-tailed cat shows compassion to others.Slinky Malinky exits the quiet house via a catflap . Joining up with nine other cats -LRB- also seen in other Lynley Dodd books -RRB- they gather on a crumbling wall . But along comes Scarface Claw , the toughest tom in town , and the resulting howls and screeches awaken the neighborhood . Scarface Claw runs off and Slinky Malinky welcomes the other cats to the warm hearth waiting at home on the other side of the catflap.This book is a delight and reminds me of the sweetness of HAIRY MACLARY AND ZACHARY QUACK . Lynley Dodd uses fun lyrical language and delightful artwork to tell the tale . If you have enjoyed other Slinky Malinky books , or any others from Lynley Dodd , this tale of the reformed feline should provide additional delight .
 Although a fun book to read to a child , not Lynley Dodd 's best . The various cats ' names are quite clever , and the last page is entertaining for a child who likes surprises . I was hoping for more extended rhymes and a more complex story -LRB- a la Slinky Malinki -RRB- , but this one is not quite of the same calibre . Still , a good addition to a child 's library .
 Great book ! My grandaughter loves all the Lynley Dodd books ! Her books are charming and fun to read aloud !
 This book is adorable . The rhyming text is fun to read aloud and the illustrations are hilarious . My 5 year old son LOVES Slinky Malinki and all the other Hairy MacLairy characters . Love that last page with Scarface Claw sneaking into the house after the other cats . : - -RRB-
 Slinky Malinki , the star of the story , creeps out of the house at night to look for the other cats in the neighbourhood to play . But what happens when Scarface Claw appears?A very cute book , written in the form of poetry , children learn all about rhyming words and various characteristics of cats.Lovely illustrations , adults would love this book as much as the children .
 I love Slinky Malinki . The rhymes , the story , everything is just wonderful about it ! One great aspect of this book , also , is that all of the text is on the same side of the page -LRB- the even pages , maybe ? -RRB- , so it 's easier to read to a child in bed . I know that seems like a small thing , but it really is a lovely attribute of this book !
 My kids ages 4 and 6 love these books . The rhyming and story line are perfect for their age , well written , nice pictures . We read them over and over again , a perfect before bedtime book .
 This book has been my son 's favorite since we discovered it two months ago . We 've had to read it to him atleast 4 times a day and bedtime is not complete without it . The visuals are not the usual colorful animation seen in many children 's books and my husband actually said it was quite `` dull '' looking . But the way it is written makes it almost lyrical to read out loud . We 've enjoyed the other Lynley Dodd books but this is by far our favorite .
 My wife discovered this book at our local library and borrowed it . Now our kids want this book and more from the series . As others have commented , I 'm not sure why SLJ panned this book because my 4 year old daughter and 6 year old son love this book . -LRB- Of course , they now are asking us for a cat so they can name him Slinky Malinki ! -RRB- The story details the nighttime adventures of Slinky Malinki and his nine friends as they gather at the local hangout spot until they are interrupted by Scarface Claw . Lynley Dodd 's illustrations do a wonderful job of creating the purrfect atmosphere for these cats and their midnight travels.We 're looking forward to more books from Lynley Dodd.Highly recommended
 As always Lynley Dodd manages to find interest and humour in the most ordinary episodes in life and this , coupled with close observation of our favourite pets , makes fantastic and humorous stories for toddlers of all ages . The rhymes and rhythms are neat and imaginative and extend the vocabularies of the young . My grandchildren adore them and I love reading the stories to them!Long live Slinky Malinky and Hairy Mclairy , not forgetting Scarface Claw !
 This book from renowned picture book author and illustrator , Lynley Dodd , is one of her best and that is saying something as all of her picture books are great . This is appealing to small children and adults alike . Slinky Malinki is one of several characters who appear in many of LD 's books . He is a cheeky and loveable pet cat who gets up to highjinks around the neighborhood . Highly recommended
 The 1930 's were a time when a major research program reached its peak . Late 19th century economists had grappled with capital theory , money , and interest -LRB- i.e. Wicksell , Bohm Bawerk -RRB- . Those who followed -LRB- Mises and Lindal -RRB- developed capital/interest theory along different lines . But it was Hayek and Keynes who squared off before all other economists to see which line of theorizing could explain The Great Depression.This volume reprints original writings of Hayek , Keynes and Sraffa during the early 1930 's . At this time Hayek held the upper hand with professional opinion . Hayek 's lectures at the London School of Economics -LRB- published as Prices and Production -RRB- won him many adherents . Keynes and Sraffa advanced forceful counterarguments , but little changed at this time . The fact of the matter is that both Keynes and Hayek went on to refine their views . Hayek published his Pure Theory of Capital in 1941 , where he made penetrating insight -LRB- some would say impenetrable -RRB- into capital theory . Keynes went on to win over professional opinion with his General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . Hayek was in one sense more fortunate than Keynes . Keynes won a hollow victory in 1936 , as Keynesians -LRB- i.e. Hicks , Samuelson , Solow ... -RRB- quickly forgot about what Keynes actually wrote and recast ` his ' theory almost beyond recognition . Hayekians -LRB- i.e. Lachmann , Garrison , White -RRB- have remained truer to their namesake . It is in this history where this volume has value . Those interested in the history of economics can gain much insight from this book . This time period was critical in the development of modern economics.Somehow the two most prominent economists of the 1930 's managed both to lose public opinion as postwar economists turned to a theory of stationary equilibrium that both Hayek and Keynes rejected , and in the name of the latter . Do not read this book to understand the views of Hayek or Keynes . Read this book to see the early development of Hayekian and Keynesian economics . There is a real historical puzzle to solve here .
 The reviewer Mr. Brady attempts to dismiss the work of Hayek because of his failure to adequately distinguish between fixed and circulating capital , in addition to paying insufficient attention to the role of uncertainty.This observation is admittedly partly true . When Hayek began his work on business cycle theory , he paid very close attention to equilibrium analysis , believing that any explanation of downturns would have to include equilibrium statics if it hoped at all to be tenable . Hayek brought this belief over with him to the LSE and used it to criticize the theories of Maynard Keynes , who failed to incorporate a robust theory of capital structure into his account of economic disruption -LRB- according to Hayek -RRB- . But if Mr. Brady bothered at all to read the excellent introduction to this volume by Bruce Caldwell , all of this would be clear . Hayek increasingly came to abandon equilibrium analysis in favor of a theoretical view that consistently embraced subjectivism and uncertainty . It is on this point that I wish Mr. Brady would have extended his last sentence into a fuller discussion of the fundamental differences of Mr. Keynes and Mr. Hayek with respect to their overall economic outlook given their beliefs in ineradicale uncertainty . Hayek does seem to place excessive faith in the capabilities of the market system , but Keynes , while justifiably remaining sceptical , demands repeated acts of government intervention as the means of avoiding the errors that attend the arena of uncertainty . These two positions are interesting , if only because their discovery of the uncertainty principle led them to adopt positions that occupied two extremes . I believe Keynes was right in attacking neoclassical economics and its program of economic efficiency in the absence of government regulation . But it in no way follows that a theory of chaos and confusion -LRB- uncertainty -RRB- should commit us to a position or policy of rigid rule-making . Such activity may very well exacerbate this perpetual state of ignorance that we find ourselves in daily . Keynes , with his emphasis on uncertainty , can not have his cake and eat it too . A consistent application of uncertainty would , in my view , seem to distance us from both a commitment to laissez-faire and government regulation.Anyway , if the above paragraph interests anyone , then this is a book that is worth reading . The debates between Hayek , Keynes and Sraffa are fascinating , and shed considerable light on some of the most fundamental questions of economic theory . Bruce Caldwell 's introduction is worth the price of the book alone .
 This particular volume of Hayek 's collected works covers the very important exchanges between Hayek and Keynes over Keynes 's theories of investment and capital originally put forth in 1930 in the Treatise on Money -LRB- two volumes -RRB- . Keynes 's General Theory -LRB- 1936 -RRB- approaches to investment and capital are the same as in the TM except for Keynes 's decision to greatly emphasize the importance of the uncertainty of the information and knowledge base -LRB- or , in Ellsberg 's terminology , the ambiguity of such information and knowledge -RRB- in economic decision making concerning future events -LRB- about investment in fixed capital subject to technological change and obsolescence -RRB- where the probabilities are both unreliable and unclear.Keynes and Hayek have completely opposite positions concerning the differences between fixed capital , subject to the impact of uncertainty in decision making , and circulating capital , subject to the impact of risk , but not uncertainty.Hayek is very clear-there is no fundamental difference between fixed capital and circulating capital : `` To over-emphasize the distinction between fixed and circulating capital , which is , at best , merely one of degree , and not by any means of fundamental importance , is a common trait of English economic theory and has probably contributed more than any other cause to the unsatisfactory state of the English theory of capital at the present time '' . -LRB- Hayek , p. 177 ; see also pp.86,99-100 ,103 -108,168 -170 , etc. -RRB- . Hayek 's misbelief that he could present a theory of capital that abstracts from uncertainty is in direct contradiction to Keynes 's theories that argue -LSB- for a modern , mathematical treatment of Keynes 's theories , see any article or book by Dixit and Pindyck on the `` real options '' approach to investment projects that are fixed -LRB- sunk , durable capital -RRB- -RSB- that uncertainty and/or ambiguity is fundamental and any attempt to abstract from it can only result in a very special theory applicable in conditions where there is no uncertainty.This book shows the immense gulf that separated Keynes and Hayek intellectually.While Hayek would later acknowledge the importance of uncertainty after the appearance of the General Theory , uncertainty has NO impact at all in the final conclusions reached by Hayek concerning investment and the business cycle.Since uncertainty makes absolutely no difference in the final decision outcome , there is no difference at all between Hayek and a neoclassical economics based on the Ramsey , De Finetti , and Savage subjective approach to decision making .
 It is really nice to buy a book about the background story of the debate between Keynes and Hayek . It served me well !!
 How can we have any knowledge of the world around us?We possess a tool , reason , which allows our intellect to expand our knowledge of things , to expand our judgements of objective `` Truth '' about `` Reality '' . Reason is at work in any science when the practitioner of the science associates her existing judgements and concepts in order to expand her judgements . Logic studies the laws with which the tool of reason has to comply to arrive at valid expansions of knowledge.Logic is the tool of all sciences . Logic is itself a science . Science is the knowledge of conclusions demonstrated on the basis of some principles which are either assumed as hypotheses or taken from the evidence of experience . The scientific method is the orderly way of arriving at Truth in a given scientific discipline.Realism presupposes , and thus entails for all further judgements , that the real is given to the subject , i.e. , given to the practitioner of any science , and that the real is knowable by the subject , knowable at least to some extent , even if that extent is very limited . The realist thesis accepts that the real can be caught by thought . The result of the thing being caught by the intellect is ad-equation between the thing and the intellect , which is Saint Thomas ' definition of Truth.Once realism has been accepted as a starting point , once it has been accepted that the real can be caught by thought , one can and must trust discursive thought as a truthful representation of reality , to the extent that reason elaborates or expands its primary knowledge of the real through reasoning in accordance with its own laws . It is the task of the science of logic to describe the laws with which reason has to comply when it , reason , is reasoning in order to expand its knowledge of the Truth.Hayek agrees and accepts the realist thesis.For Hayek , knowledge is based on experience . As man 's experience is limited , Hayek has a profound epistemological pessimism which leads him to a kind of stoicism regarding policy . -LRB- page 48 -RRB- Whereas Hayek agrees with realism , John Maynard Keynes does not agree.For Keynes , it is not reality but intuition -LRB- page 248 -RRB- that is caught in knowledge , or that is caught by the intellect when it arrives at Truth through ad-equating itself to or with the thing . His intuitions lead Keynes to thinking in `` measurable '' aggregates such as total demand , investment or output and to thinking that empirically established values of these presumed `` constants '' would enable us to make valid predictions . -LRB- page 242 -RRB- Such intuitions conceal all that really matters . -LRB- page 246 -RRB- His theories thereby neglect more fundamental `` real '' phenomena -LRB- page 197 -RRB- and displace micro-economics by macro-economics . -LRB- page 60 -RRB- Contrast this Keynesian displacement of micro-economics by macro-economics to Hayek 's admission that the schemata of micro-economics do not claim to achieve the quantitative predictions at which the ambitions of macro-economics aim . The science of economics should , for Hayek , nevertheless content itself with the more modest aims of the former because we can thereby gain more insight into at least the principle on which the complex order of economic life operates . -LRB- page 246 -RRB- Once Keynes has decreed that it is his intuitive aggregates , and not reality , that are caught by true knowledge , no judgement that the real thing can be caught by the thought of intellect , no judgement that Truth in the sense Saint Thomas defined it is present , is any longer presupposed in ulterior judgements which , the latter , can be based on any intuition , even on an intuition contradictory to the intuition which originally displaced reality.One such intuitions led Keynes to the peculiar fallacy of believing that a general crisis can be averted by extension of credit -LRB- page 119 -RRB- , the fallacy of believing that the creation of additional money will lead to the creation of the corresponding amount of goods , although such belief was bound to lead to the revival of more naive inflationist fallacies which we thought economics had once and for all exterminated . -LRB- page 243 -RRB- Contrast this to Hayek 's fundamental point that the business cycle is an unfortunate but an unavoidable concomitant of a credit economy . Attempts to eliminate the business cycle are likely to only intensify its effects . Hayek therefore put barriers to what others have done to advance in a path rather than supplying new ideas opening a path to new development . -LRB- page 31 -RRB- Contrast this again to Keynes who knows that something can be done at the level of his intuitive aggregates and therefore believes that it is possible to adapt the amount of money in circulation to what is necessary for the maintenance of existing contracts without upsetting the equilibrium between saving and investing . -LRB- page 144 -RRB- In the long run , we are all dead , are n't we , Mr Keynes?Keynes was however never prepared to accept the implications of credit expansion . He never recognized that progressive inflation was needed in order that any growth in monetary demand could lastingly increase the employment of labour . -LRB- page 248 -RRB- How could , asks Hayek and I paraphrase , Keynes 's ideas continue to be accepted once it had become clear that the temporary gain in employment achieved by credit expansion had necessarily to be paid for by even more severe unemployment at a later stage ? -LRB- page 248 -RRB- The answer has perhaps something to do with the fact once one gets , like Keynes , the opportunity to get away with the fallacy that it is intuition , not ad-equation between the thing and the intellect from which knowledge then has to be inferred , which gives us knowledge of the Truth concerning the world around us , logic no longer provides the framework through which we filter common-sense data in order to arrive at an objective `` Truth '' about `` Reality '' . At that stage , Keynes can get away with any new intuition even when the disastrous actual -LRB- long-term -RRB- results of the first intuitions become clear.Science is then no longer the knowledge of conclusions demonstrated on the basis of some principles which are either assumed as hypotheses or taken from the evidence of experience . But the intuitive policy-recommendations of which Keynes had a-priori intuitive knowledge are then being presented as the conclusions from premises based on , or inferred from , principles which are fundamentally contradicted by experience.The scientific method has thereby been repealed and , as a result , there is no more orderly way of arriving at Truth in a given scientific discipline , in this case in economics . The science of economics has thereby been displaced by `` a '' political economy , whatever the latter may be .
 The -LRB- pretty much -RRB- complete take on the Hayek-Keynes feud.The fact that Hayek was himself off track as to monetary policy was in no way a boost to Keynes 's views on the subject.He may not be at his clearest head here , as in the Constitution of Liberty , or Economics and Knowledge , but it 's still interesting to see where he was coming from , as they now say.I could n't agree more with Mr. Mueller in saying that Caldwell 's intro is a superb , almost stand-alone essay itself .
 Donnelly 's work is based on years of work among Hmong immigrants in Seattle , and covers women 's lives in terms of economic role and family role and position . Through analysis of two needlework cooperatives ' history -LRB- and dissolution -RRB- , and through the analysis of several marriage ceremonies -LRB- and stories of the subsequent marriages ' success or failure -RRB- , Donnelly shows how women 's actions are grounded in Hmong cultural values and options , even as they make use of the cultural options and interpretations of American society . While traditional Hmong society could be characterized as male-centered-marriage negotiations , for example , were arranged by the male elders of the clans involved , even if the young men had taken the initiative to find their brides-the transplanting of thousands of Hmong to the U.S. has led to the development of more egalitarian and romantic notions of marriage , and to the possibility of greater assertiveness on the part of Hmong women . Yet Donnelly is able to point to folktales in which women do act assertively , so a model for this kind of behavior is available within the Hmong tradition . All cultures contain such seeming contradictions , Donnelly asserts , and indeed , the presence of alternative models of behavior within a traditional culture gives that culture `` resiliency that may let that culture survive even traumatic shifts of circumstance . '' -LRB- 191 -RRB- Thus , even with changing circumstances , language , economic opportunities , education , and religion , Hmong culture contains within it the possibility of continued Hmong cultural identity in the U.S. . This is an excellent example of enlightening and sensitive ethnography .
 To me , the play was good as it was . Checkov insisted that this play was a comedy . However I do not see comedy in a woman who has a problem with holding on to her money and is about to lose a very beautiful piece of land in Russia . I will not judge this aspect of the play . If I were running this play for production , I would work it as a drama . Checkov sees it as a comedy because maybe it -LRB- the play -RRB- is his own way of getting back at the aristocracy of nineteenth century Russia . John Tompkins Victoria Texas
 Anton Chekhov 's play `` The Cherry Orchard '' has been published as part of the Dover Thrift Edition series -LRB- that 's the version I read before writing this review -RRB- . No translator is credited for this edition . According to the note at the start of the book , the play was initially presented by the Moscow Art Theatre in 1904 . The play takes place on the estate of Madame Ranevsky , the matriarch of an aristocratic Russian family that has fallen on financial hard times . She faces the possible loss of her family 's magnificent cherry orchard.The play is populated with interesting characters
 This version was nice , I like it a lot . It did it 's purpose , it was a cheaper version too . I recommend for anyone who is looking for this book .
 I read this because my husband had to buy it for a college course and it was actually a really good play to read :-RRB- The only part I hate about reading plays is keeping who says what straight !
 Chekhov at is best . This perennial work , more actual than ever , tells the story of a community trapped in a &#34; melancholy loop &#34; that hinders their access to the current realities , the efforts of a lucid entrepreneur to extricate his fellows from the bewilderment and the hint at a new generation that wont be sentimental about it all .
 This , Chekov 's last play , is the story of Madame Ranyevskaya 's family , which lost its wealth , and an estate that included a cherry orchard . The subtext carries the story and is about how not to deal with existentialist stasis -- a state of being immobilized by the fear of change , and the complexity of the denial that under lay this fear . It is this fear and the symbolism it invokes that makes the play universal in its depiction of human fear , suffering , and inability to address change ; for at one time or another , these too have engulfed us all . It is against this backdrop that Chekov 's real talent , comes to the fore
 I recently saw a production of this and I was moved to tears . Though this play is too sophisticated for many , I found the characters real/alive/and breathing . There is so much one can find in this play , so much to relate to . That is the definition of a classic . Nearly a hundred years later , the characters are just as real , and one can get just as much out of it . And a hundred years later , they still will be . Because certain things never change in humanity . This play covers those things . Another play I recommend would be Thorton Wilder 's `` The Skin of Our Teeth '' which is another genius play commenting on society .
 This is the first play I 've read by Anton Chekhov and I am very interested in Russian culture , so it was good play to read about the fall of the Russian aristocracy . However , I do n't think the characters are as fully developed as they could have been . Nonetheless , I truly enjoyed reading this play and hopefully some day I can watch it on stage !
 Chekhov 's plays work on many different levels . On the one it is the story of the characters ' relationships to each other . Often in Chekhov there is disillusionment and disappointment , misunderstanding and desire unrealized . Often too the characters have ideas and dreams about themselves which simply do not find their justification in the world . But in all this there is always interspersed moments of tenderness and poignancy , of delicate feeling , perceptions of beauty.On another level there are ' major themes ' . Here it is of the Old Order passing and the coming of the new . The ` Cherry Orchard ' is the symbol of this . And the purchase of it by the former serf Lopahin is the sign of the transition taking place in Russia . The old order people , Ranskanaya her daughters and brother cling to the older world , refuse to sell it out by accepting the offer to build on it dachas , and connect it with the railway line . But in the end the extravagance of Ranskaya is forced to yield , and the ` Cherry Orchard ' is cut down.In the final moments of the play the elderly servant Firs , the true symbol of the one raised in the old order and too deeply connected to it , to ever leave it , lies down and seems to pass away.Chekhov 's art is an art of sadness and beauty , of cruelty and change , but above all of human character and feeling portrayed in complexity and contradiction - and in a language of poetic compression deep in feeling .
 With Chekhov providing so many characters as symbols of both political beliefs and separate generations , this play is an effective allegory of the Bolshevik revolution in Russia . In reading the play as an allegory , it is undoubtedly a comedy .
 Chekhov 's ` The Cherry Orchard ' is an excellent , layered composition from a notoriously prolific writer . Although good humoured , an air of depression and resignation stalks every moment , as the characters realise they are anachronisms in a rapidly changing capitlist society . Feeling as though it were written by Shakespeare 's Hamlet , compelling darkness is portrayed , such as in Yephidov , who carries a revolver with him in case the fleeting notion of suicide becomes too compelling . The genius of such creations is that you are never sure whether the writer means to evince smiles or grimaces .
 `` How should one live ? '' is the fundamental question driving most of Chekhov 's work , and it is very overtly laid bare in The Cherry Orchard . Should the aristocratic family in decline stick to owning their cherry orchard -LRB- representative of the grandiose trappings of Russian aristocracy -RRB- , or give in to modern commercialization in order to survive ? What is the value of tradition , and how many trees should one own ? Chekhov will not answer these questions for you , but he poses them in most interesting ways . In addition to wise insights into such fundamental dilemmas , Chekhov also provides a lot of witty banter , and a great slice-of-life view at 19th century Russian high culture . But this is not just a Russian play or a 19th century play ; its themes , questions , and prospective answers are relevant for individuals coping with society and history in any place , and at any time .
 The Cherry Orchard was me first experience with Chekhov , and I was surprised at the depth in this 49 page play . By no means would I considered myself a `` literary expert , '' but this was very readable and you can pull a lot of the deeper meanings and its context in Russian history by yourself . I was confused at a couple people who write that the simply could n't understand it and it put them to sleep ! It 's not THAT tough ! If I could understand and appreciate it , almost anyone can!What I like most about Chekhov is that he does n't simplify his characters . He 's a realist in this sense . Lopahkin and Trophimof each have admirable and detestable characteristics , just like you and I . While it may be set in the tumultuous period prior to the Russian revolution , the ideas and the discussions this play provokes are timeless.Highly recommended !
 As I read this play , my family is in the process of moving a thousand miles away from the farm where I grew up . Though I am so far away from the Russian culture and time of this play , the themes of place , tradition , and inevitable change resonated inside of me , and I am grateful to Chekhov for the way he has handled them.The Cherry Orchard is a play about change , and the symbolism is pretty easy to recognize . What makes it stand apart , I think , from a thousand other plays on the same theme is its wonderful sense of comedy , of smiling sadness . Chekhov all his life insisted it was a comedy . As the Cherry Orchard slips away from the Ranevskys , they seem to smile at its going . As they are unable to change their habits -- still lending money they do n't have , still spending extravagantly -- they quietly laugh at their own foolishness . The change comes , and they leave , heartbroken -- but embracing the change at the same time , only feebling struggling against it . One feels saddest , in the end , for Lopakhin , the new owner of the Cherry Orchard . He seems to believe he has bought happiness and friends , but is quickly discovering the emptiness of money and possessions , as no one wants to borrow from him , and no one seems to pay him much heed at all.Chekhov paints with a fine brush , and I appreciate that . There is no thunderstorming , no ranting and raving in this work . There is a fine and subtle , sad and comedic portrayal of a family and a place encountering change . It is a heartbreak with a smile.The translation , though the only one I 've read , seems good . It is easy to follow and rich in simple feeling.if you 'd like to discuss this play with me , or recommend something i might enjoy , or just chat , e-mail me at williekrischke@hotmail.com .
 Anton chekhov 's `` the cherry orchard '' is a captivating , but somewhat confusing tale of an aristocratic household that comes face to face with adversity . His impressionistic portrayal of characters delivers a power packed package of meaning that both appeals to and appalls every human heart . Through a subtle messages and powerful passages chekhov purveys his sentiments about a world that is tainted by a dark cloud of selfishness . Although the play itself is tragic-like the characters are not tragic . They seem to blindly stumble upon the pages of life accomplishing absolutely nothing . Through checkhov 's genius they still remain human , with dreams and fears like the rest of us . It is through these characters that chekhov 's beliefs are made known .
 People in my line of work -LRB- that is , teachers and critics of literature -RRB- seem to be paying more attention to `` The Sea Gull '' these days , but my money is still on `` The Cherry Orchard '' as favorite Chekhov play . Dover 's incomparably priced edition lacks a little in the readability of the translation , but it 's still a nice version of a powerful piece of work.For me , the real strength of `` The Cherry Orchard '' is its unwillingness to come down propagandistically on one side of any issue . The intellectual and eternal student Trophimof levels a critique against capitalism , but one must bear in mind that it is capitalism that engineers the upward rise of the erstwhile peasant -LRB- and now landowner -RRB- Lopakhin -LRB- and , in the context of this play 's being labeled a `` comedy , '' I think Chekhov codes this rise as a conditionally good thing -RRB- . Trophimof in fact seems to be granted a great deal of authority by the play , as he complains about the lazy intelligentsia and the useless aristocracy , but , sure enough , not wanting to make things too simple or simplistic , Chekhov has Madame Ranevsky put him in his place . If this is a commentary on turn-of-the-century Russian society and politics -LRB- and I think we must read it as such -RRB- , it is a very balanced , multi-perspectival and complex one.Even the criticism of the play 's upper classes -- the focus on Gayef 's irrational obsession with billiards or Pishtchik 's naive assumption that , when he is in the deepest of financial troubles , something will always come along to bail him out -- is delicately balanced against the workaholic insensitivity of Lopakhin , who leaves Varya Ranevsky stranded at the play 's end and expecting a proposal of marriage from him that is hinted at but never comes . What Chekhov seems to be supporting is not , perhaps , Trophimof 's over-intellectualized and propaganda-like insistence on work , or Lopakhin 's materialistic actual obsession with work , but maybe a revaluation of the priorities that have led to social divisions and the problematic reactions to them.One crucial translation hitch appears early on , as Gayef passionately addresses a cupboard and praises it for holding , for so many years , wisdom and knowledge and the keys to social betterment . All other translations I have consulted have rendered this `` cupboard '' as a `` bookshelf , '' and , to be honest , that makes a lot more sense , in context . Other issues of readability -LRB- or the slight lack thereof -RRB- in this Dover edition are best seen in comparison to Hingley 's imminently readable and enjoyable Oxford UP translation and edition , which , to my mind , remains the standard . This Dover edition 's dialogue is occasionally stilted and impenetrable.Still , though , for the price , this copy of `` The Cherry Orchard '' is unbeatable . It 's an impressive and provocative play , and even more so when one is reminded of its original context . It 's problematic , of course , to pin events to each other and argue for direct influence , but I have a hard time seeing the workers ' uprisings in Russia during the winter of 1905-06 as completely unrelated from this play 's release in 1904 , which set many of these still vital issues into motion in a very productive way .
 Too often , ` The Cherry Orchard ' moves dangerously close to that dread thing , the Shavian ` comedy ' of ideas . full of facile symbolism , a schematic narrative arc and obvious allegorical characterisation , the play seems to groan under the weight of characters pontificating on grave matters such as social and historical change , the ` idea ' of Russia and the rhetoric of freedom and progress.What saves ` Orchard ' is the merciful fact that it was written by Chekhov and not Shaw . Whatever his overall conception of the play 's weighty themes - the decline of the aristocracy ; the new economic power of former serfs etc. - Chekhov is simply incapable of writing mere mouthpieces , and every character , no matter how monstrous , limited , avaricious , delusive or paralysed -LRB- in action or mind -RRB- , is suffused with the kind of life -LRB- flawed , egocentric , perhaps , but human -RRB- for which he had a unique , sympathetic , though always honestly satirical eye . it is a tough task to make an audience empathise with a group of silly former slave-owners , but death , loss , change , poverty , personal failure and disappointment are things we have all felt , and we would probably be lying if we could n't find something of ourselves in most of the characters -LRB- I , worryingly , found myself most drawn to the snobbish , immature , enndearingly gauche Gaev -RRB- . There are too many emotionally loaded , privileged and enigmatic moments for characters to be simply straw targets , and the play is shot through with poignant autobiographical resonances -LRB- it was Chekhov 's last , written when he was terminally ill -RRB- . In fact , the one character I found thoroughly dislikable is the one who seems to make the most humanitarian sense , the revolutionary student Trophimof ; but his tedious , inhuman sermons about work and the future sound too much like the Bolsheviks whose barbaric utopia would be established less than two decades later.Unlike Wilde , say , or Shakespeare , Chekhov rarely reads very well on the page . His deliberately plain speech can seem flat , and the importance of silence , waiting , time passing with an almost painful tangibility is impossible to convey , never mind the rhythms that become so evident in performance , or the use of sound effects and music -LRB- American translations seem to me the best , fluid and not fusty ; I read Carol Rocamora 's this time -RRB- . This is why actors treasure him - his plays are almost like sketches , giving them unprecedented freedom to create characters from hints and ambiguities.Another difference between Shaw and Chekhov is that the former 's plays are theses or theorems , designed to prove points the author is unswervingly convinced of before he 's even written a word . Chekhov is rarely sure about anything , and his plays are liberatingly , if perilously , open-ended . Despite the rigid structures he fences them in , his characters always feel as if they have lived before the play and will continue to , no matter how badly , long after it.It should also be remembered that Chekhov called ` Orchard ' a comedy
 I first came across this play in an old college literature book that belonged to my mother . My only disappointment in reading it was that I discovered it shortly after the play came out in London at The Royal Theatre ... boo hoo I missed it ... maybe can find a recording.To me this play was all about avoidence . The historical Russian setting was also incorporated well . I do not know much about the time or place so I ca n't say much about that though.It carried themes such as
 Anton Chekhov 's play The Cherry Orchard is an extremely interesting play that has a duel nature as both comedy and tragedy . However , some non-Russian audiences may have difficulty understanding the sense of futility Chekhov gives it.The plot of the play centers around an aristocratic woman and her family whose fortunes have gone sour . They are about to sell their famed cherry orchard to pay the mortgage.Through the course of the play , the family finds several options to save the cherry orchard , but they do nothing . The estate is sold to a former serf , who does n't seem to appreciate the cherry orchard and cuts it down.The tragedy is a symbolic one . The aristocracy tries in vain to maintain its social position , while the new bourgeoisie ca n't find meaning in their new wealth.Bottom Line
 I do n't think even a seasoned theatre goer could sit through this play if it were directed a drama . I imagine all the brooding speeches , unmotivated pauses , and the inevitable `` gloom '' of chopping down the cherry trees . The comedy is indeed dark , but sheer silliness abounds with the brother and his imaginary pool shooting , the governess and her magic , and foolishness of Madame Ranevsky . Only two moments are purely dramatic and poignant
 Copyrighted in 1954 , this was one of the first non-fiction books I remember owning ; years later I decided to try to track down a copy and found that it 's just as relevant and enjoyable today as it was then . Probably best suited to youngsters around age 10-12 , it would make a good beginning resource for homeschoolers -LRB- though probably not if they 're anti-evolutionists -RRB- as well as a useful supplement to conventional schoolwork . Beginning with the theory of how the solar system came to be , it goes on to combine natural history , geology , meteorology , and the history of humanity in a sensibly blended way that shows how they relate to one another . The information-filled and often dramatic -LRB- a hurrcane , a thunderstorm , a tornado , a volcano in eruption -RRB- or beautiful -LRB- craggy mountain scenes , the Ganges , a lush rainforest scene -RRB- paintings and clear , unique diagrams add immeasurably to the book 's value . I always think that a book is worth my time if it provides information I ca n't find anywhere else , and this one does . What 's more , adults can enjoy it as a basic text on its subject without feeling they 're being talked down to . Take a chance on it ; I doubt you 'll regret it .
 You defintely can judge the book by its cover on this book . I really liked it a lot . I used this book as a reference tool to teach my philosophy/ethics class in college . This is defintely not for the serious philosophy student , but a very nice introduction to the ideas that dominated western thought throughout the Greek/Roman world that has come to us today . It also treats postmodernism , and the ideas that dominates today as well . This book presents a very lucid history of ideas that is very enjoyable and fun to read!Because I had to interloan the book from another library and I am unable to renew it , I will buy it after I place this review . ...
 The authors did a superb job of bringing the greatest minds in history seamlessly into one book . If you enjoy the questions of life and the symmetry of psychology , philosophy , theology and more this is a must read . If you are already familiar with Plato , Freud , Marx and the likes it may be to brief for you , but if your new to them it 's a must buy .
 This gorgeous book is chock full of information on the life-cylce of a pond and all of the creatures that inhabit it year-round . Perfect for your little budding scientists . All Morrison 's books are brilliant in that they can grow with the kids ; more detailed information compliments the main story , so when kids are ready for in-depth facts , it 's there for them . There 's no talking down , just a respectful and eloquent journey through the seasons affecting an environment we might otherwise take for granted . Thank you Amazon for carrying it ! I ca n't find Morrison 's books anywhere !!!
 A gorgeous book , a lovely story and infinitessimally perfect illustratrations . For those of us awed by Mr Morrison 's wildflower illustrations in Peterson 's Guide , this book provides joy to old and young alike . An absolute must-have in any artist 's library - as well as the Naturalist , Outdoor enthusiast and child 's room .
 Great book for kids starting to swim . This book my daughter loved because she also loves water . The pictures are also very bright and colorful.Another great book for kids starting to swim is below.Mommy and Me Go to Swimming LessonsMommy and Me Go to Swimming LessonsMommy and Me Go to Swimming Lessons
 My daughter Sadie and I love this book . The author has a real knack for writing with the voice of a young girl . This girl , Jane , is smart and funny and spunky . It 's a great story !
 Though written over a hundred years ago -LRB- written in 1908 -RRB- , Blackstone provides a thoughtful analysis of the second coming of Christ . Especially useful to me is the mapping and sequencing of events -LRB- in words and a diagram -RRB- from Christ 's birth to rapture to revelation through the millennium until eternity . Throughout the book he references scipture to allow you to read the supporting verses and make your own judgment . I 'd recommend this book to support bible study of the coming of Christ .
 This is a well written book . Truly it is for the true believer in CHRIST.One that is interested in the Coming of the LORD in these last days .
 The title , Courage , is the theme of the talk that Mr. Barrie , creator of the Peter Pan character and stories , gave to the graduating class at St. Andrews . The words were first given in 1922 but would be largely appropriate for almost any graduate at any time , even today . Part of the address deals with war because of WWI involving the Scottish people.Another interesting segment was read from a letter written by Admiral Byrd from a tent he knew he and his explorer party would die in , already having frozen feet , no fuel , and no food.Barrie 's own words can describe the written speech . `` They are the roses in December ; you remember someone said that God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December . '' Barrie 's talk of growing up , moving on into the world , and achieving through the use of courage is good , like `` roses in December . `` Just do n't expect Tinkerbell , or Wendy , Peter , Neverland , pirates or any of the characters we associate with J. M. Barrie 's name . He did include a line for a student ... `` the lad what will never be old . '' And he says near the end , `` This is my first and last public appearance , and I never could or would have made it except to a gathering of Scottish students . I have not been as dull as I could have wished to be ; but looking at your glowing faces cheerfulness and hope would keep breaking through . ''
 Sailing to See was the second book by Captain Irving Johnson and his wife Electa -LRB- Exy -RRB- , this time sailing from Gloucester through the Canal to the Galapagos , Pitcairn , Easter Island and then the South Seas , then New Guinea , around India and Africa and home . Mostly photos , but the text which is there is especially well written and to the point . Exy 's chapter on Pitcairn is my favorite - everyone on board was deathly sick except for her and one of the boys , and they sailed the whole ship to safety . She was an amazing woman , and deserves every bit and more of the praise given to the others on board.One captain , three mates , one wife , one baby , a bunch of boys and two girls made the 18 person crew . They set off in 1936 on the 92 foot schooner Yankee to see the world . The ship was like a moving classroom , and all aboard studied and learned all they could about sailing , boats , navigation , geography , foreign cultures , languages , foods , entertainment , art , customs ... the list goes on . This was no booze cruise . Captain Johnson was one of the best sailors in the world , and as the years went by would come to be respected everywhere as one of the most amazing captains ever.The people who signed up were changed forever . They went on to have incredible lives and always remembered the 18 months on board the Yankee . The captain and his wife would go on a total of seven ! round the world cruises with kids and young adults . What a way to live ! The best of mankind . And going with a one year old boy , that is just the icing on the cake . The pictures of him riding 400 pound turtles around the deck are priceless.The book is filled with great photos . They had an amateur photographer along -LRB- one of the boys -RRB- who turned out to be pretty darn good . Lots of action shots of the boat and crew , great pictures of the islands and islanders -LRB- some pretty ancient cultures -RRB- and a whole chapter for the little guy . Captions for all the photos , and a meandering travelogue and commentary by Irving and Electa . 223 pages . The book I have is 7-3/4 inches by 10-1/4 inches , and nicely bound . Date is 1939 by W W Norton and Company , New York.Recommended for sailing historians , armchair sailors , schooner fans , modern cruisers who are n't too spoiled to appreciate how it was done in the 30 's , and especially fans of Captain Irving Johnson and his books and videos .
 Excellent reference guide to anything connected to Cervantes . Inspiring , clear , thorough and packed full of the kind of information that indirectly or directly contributes to the whole enchalada -- or Gazpacho -- of knowledge around Cervantes and Quixote . A must for all inspired researchers of any age .
 Great encyclopedia for a researcher . Always helpful to have next to you . You will find detailed explanations of some terms .
 This is HYSTERICAL . It 's a delightful time capsule . It 's like watching public health films from the era when boys all had crew cuts and said , `` Golly ! '' It 's from a time when men were men and women were domestic , and carried bridal shower gifts home in a `` laundry basket , decorated for the purpose . `` My favorite part about it has to be the myriad ways in which it makes all modern wedding magazines liars . For instance , this season it 's hot to have white bridesmaids ' dresses . Editors would have you believe that this used to be a no-no , and that you -LRB- and Kate Middleton -RRB- are breaking some kind of taboo . Actual quote from this book
 part of what makes this book so wonderful is the way hass captures his love of poetry in prose that is warm and consistently interesting and inviting , which is a big difference from most essays on poems coming out these days , which are long on ideas and short on awe . excellent and heartfelt .
 Thank you for a textbook that was clean and in excellent condition !
 This Foxworthy gem was first published in 1989 and reprinted in 2004 . It reads as good today as when it was first published.That is for the simple reason that being a Redneck is not some passing trend . . it 's timeless.I think that Jeff foxworthy is one of the best , if not the best , comics and entertainers around today.Some think that the great comics of the past such as Gleason , Red Buttons , Red Skelton.Myron Cohen , just to name a few , are a thing of the past ; and there is nobody around today that can compare with them.I have to admit that I tend to agree , but for one exception ; Jeff Foxworthy.There are a lot of standup comics who have been able to put together a show with a bunch of jokes and some great timing with punch lines ; but greatness comes when a comic creates a style of his own and there is virtually none like him or can even copy him.That was true of the examples I gave , and it is true of Foxworthy.Who else could you say was like Gleason , Skelton , Jerry Lewis , Red Buttons ? ... nobody , and there 's nobody like Jeff Foxworthy.One of the greatest skills of a true humorist is to see the humor in everyday people and things that are all around us , and we blandly go through life without observing humor in front of our eyes . Being a Redneck is something that can only exist in North America . They thrive in Canada as well as in the U.S.It is a state of mind that derives from the ability to do things the way one chooses to do them ; as opposed to what someone else decides is proper , convential , acceptable , normal , genteel , correct , or as the Irish would say . . `` bog-standard '' . First and formost , being a Redneck entails some , at least , Celtic heritage.That has been culturally developed by centuries of doing your own thing , even if it is directly in conflict with some self appointed establishment.If you do n't believe this ; then why do you never think of cultural backgrounds of the Jewish , French , Italians , Orientals , Spanish , or any other typecasts when you think of Rednecks ? The reason is that it is Celtic territory . And do you know the origin of the term Hillbilly ? No , it does n't have anything to do with HILLiary and BILL Clinton ; but from the early Scotch-Irish settlers -LRB- Protestant Celtic -RRB- , who often called their kids Billy or William , after their hero William of Orange ; who settled in the mountains of Tennessee and nearby states.This book is filled with descriptions and drawings of the endless ways to identify a Redneck.I suppose we are all a bit of a Redneck at heart ; but Foxworthy is a master at showing what a high level of accomplishment the art of being a Redneck can be taken to -- and with pride of accomplishment.How are these for example?YOU MIGHT BE A REDNECK IF -- `` Your mother does not remove the Marlboro from her lips beforetelling the state patrolman to k -- her a -- . '' `` Your father fully executes the `` pull my finger '' trick duringChristmas dinner . '' -LRB- and blames it on the turkey !! -RRB- `` Your sister 's educational goal is to get out of high school beforeshe gets pregnant . '' `` You actually know which kind of leaves make the best substitute fortoilet paper . `` If you are looking for some real humor , let Foxworthy provide it !!!
 Fans of the ` redneck humor ' of Jeff Foxworthy as seen on TV comedy shows will be glad to know his one-liner observations about what makes a ` redneck ' translate well to text and one-panel comics , too . David Boyd 's illustrations grace a funny book perfect for the non-reader fully aware of all-too-real ` redneck habits ' .
 Yep ... if the directions to your house include `` turn off the paved road '' this is the book for you . As a person who has lived off the paved part of the road -LRB- and perhaps I 've been out of NYC too long -RRB- but I recognize the people in this book . There 's humor here because of the incredible sense of recognition . I 've known people like this and I adore Jeff Foxworthy for pointing out the humor in these comical stereotypes !
 I purchased this book at a garage sale for 25 cents , seeing the author 's name and assuming it was the `` other '' Churchill , who was also a novelist.The book starts out slowly , and as a NY TIMES review of 1915 notes , the character of Hugh Paret is not fully realized in the opening chapters . And idealist with a bent toward literature , Hugh decides to go into corporate law , after being shamed by his then-girlfriend at a party for `` going into business '' . Hugh studies secretly for the entrance exams to Harvard and to his Father 's surprise , is admitted.This is where the book becomes interesting for today 's reader . Hugh not only becomes a successful corporate lawyer , but also goes to work for some of the most odious city bosses , trusts , and robber barons of turn-of-the-century America . Churchill describes in detail how projects are pushed through the legislature by `` fixers '' and how the public is deceived by the politicians , who use divisive issues to distract the general public from what is really going on .100 years later , not much has changed , it seems . What makes the narrative compelling is that we see these things from Hugh 's perspective - and the self-justifications he uses to rationalize his actions , which benefit only the wealthy and well-off at the expense of the ordinary citizen.His nemesis , Krebs , the poor son of a German immigrant , is a labor organizer , assemblyman , and public interest lawyer , acts as a neat foil to Hugh 's ambitions . The novel pits the emerging capitalist class of the late 1800s against the nascent worker 's movements of the times.The title is from the biblical parable of the prodigal son , who `` took his journey into a far country '' . Will Hugh Parent find his way back from the `` far country '' and realize his true calling in life ? Is there more to life than being successful - at all costs?It is an interesting tale that is still relevant today . The writing style may seem a bit ornate by today ' standards , and the first few chapters -LRB- and the illustrations -RRB- may lead one to believe this is yet another Victorian-era drawing-room drama . But make no mistake , it is a novel with political implications , probably somewhat radical for its era .
 I purchased this book for my husband after he saw it at a train show at a much higher price . He is an avid Wabash RR fan and collects what he can find on the Wabash , this book is mostly on specifications , plans , technical and reference material . He enjoyed receiving it and adding it to his collection .
 I would highly recommend this book . I am a Biblical counselor and I often recommend and refer to this text . There are great Biblical examples of what God considers to be Biblical reasons for anger .
 i highly recommend this book ! if your a fan of Diebenkorn then this book is a must . The Ocean Park series is perhaps his best work and to many , considered his finest series !!!
 What a lovely book ! The publishers added a little blurb at the end of each story about the modern application and doings of each invention . Since I purchase from the publisher they also sent a little timeline thing and how to use it , very nice . The book was very readable and fasinating .
 If you want to read a story that will have you laughing out loud then try as hard as you can to find Lady Reluctant ! This was another first time author for me and I will be looking for more work by Ms. Osborne . Blu , the product of a union between pirate and a English lady is a hoot ! She never thought what she was saying was wrong or improper , it was just the way she had been raised on Morgan 's Mound with her father , pirates and whores . I loved it when she asked about what does a woman do if her privates itch in public . You will come to love all the characters in this book , they are all very well developed .
 I loved this story and am sad to have just finished the last page . Maggie Osborne is a brilliant storyteller . Her heroines are unforgettable , strong , funny , and completely real . She paints such vivid portraits with her novels . Lady Reluctant has risen to the top of my favorites by Ms. Osborne . It 's everything one wants a romance novel to be and more ... I rarely laugh out loud while reading and this book did it to me ! Get this book and enjoy ... it 's a great adventure that will have you longing for more .
 IT HAS BEEN ALONG TIME SINCE I READ LADY RELUCTANT -LRB- 5YRS . -RRB- I HAVE NEVER FORGOTTEN THE NAME OF IT , YOU WILL UNDERSTAND IF YOU ARE ABLE TO FIND THE BOOK AND READ IT . I LOANED IT TO SOMEONE AND I DO N'T KNOW WHO ! I HAVE JUST ORDERED IT FROM AMAZON , I DO HOPE THEY CAN FIND . THIS BOOK IS SO FUNNY , THIS PARATE 'S DAUGHTER WAS RAISED ON A PARATE 'S ISLAND AMONGST PROTUTUTES ! IF YOU HAVE READ THIS BOOK PLEASE WRITE A COMMENT ABOUT IT . MAGGIE OSBORNE IS SO UNDER RATED . I HAVE A HARD TIME FINDING HER BOOKS . THE PROMISE OF JENNY JONES , THE STRANGERS WIFE , ARE WITTY AND HARD TO PUT DOWN . THE BRIDES OF PRAIRIE GOLD TELLS OF THE HARDSHIPS OF MAILORDERED BRIDES IN THEIR TRAVEL ACROSS THE NORTHER U.S. IT 'S NOT FUNNY LIKE HER OTHER BOOKS , BUT A REAL FILL OF WHAT IT WAS LIKE DURING THIS TIME
 This book is one I have kept to re-read and loan out to friends . The heroine is endearing and outrageously funny . I laughed out loud many times and have never found a book that amused me as much as this one does . It is also a beautiful love story and I enjoyed this book so much that I read all of Maggie Osborne 's books to see if they all were as amusing . Her books are all enjoyable but Lady Reluctant is definitely my favorite .
 This book demonstrates why Maggie Osborne 's characters are the best in modern-authored romance ! Reminds me of Georgette Heyer 's These Old Shades ! And that is high praise indeed ! Wonderful !!!
 I 'm 14 years old and I like science and art . My older brother Scott got this book `` The Universe '' as a present . One day I started reading it and got interested in the Introduction when it told about time not existing without matter and motion . I really kept reading then .
 Kevin Bentley sure did have something devious in mind when he decided to compile this anthology ... `` Boyfriends from Hell '' documents 19 gay writers ' stories of twisted loved affairs with men of very little virtue and decency.Every reader should be warned that the cover of this book can be misleading . Humor was not the sole intedned purpose . Though all of the stories are incredibly well written , very few have laugh-out-loud quality . The tones tend to be sarcastic and bitter , yet poignant , as writers talk about the hardships of gay relationships in general and then top it off with their experience with a failed romance with a mentally-disturbed -LRB- and sometimes dangerous -RRB- lover . Stephen Greco 's story , Miss Bankhead at Home , is one of the better works in the collection , as he recounts an ex resurfacing in his life . Peter is a failed actor/model , who 's looks have faded from aging and drug use . The romance is unsteady to begin with , but Greco talks about being drawn back in with the strange man , until one night he has a knife pulled on him.Under the guise of humor , some of the writers really give us disturbing stories and we can not help but sympathize with them and their experiences . In one story , a young man is tries to capture the affections of a sexually-confused but charismatic married man , only to eventually realize that he is being used . Other stories rely on a situational confrontation , such as the surprisingly hysterical story , `` In the Garden of the North American Cocktease '' . The story starts out very humorous and one can not help but chuckle out loud to the narrator 's witty observations but in the end , we realize that the date with a `` dream guy '' could have eventually led him into a very violent confrontation . Erotica writer , Simon Sheppard , lends his talents as well in `` Going Down , Going Down Down '' , an amusing tale of an online hook-up gone wrong , completed with talk of diaper fetishes and crack pipes.It is unfortunate the only weak story would come from the editor , Kevin Bentley . Kevin knows how to pick his writers well , but sometimes I think he 's too scatterbrained to know what to do with so much excellent material . This really shows in his own story , `` Widow Hopper '' . Bentley tries to do it all - combining real drama , sarcasm and a sex scene that would have been appropriate if the subject matter were n't so bleak . Author 's should have more faith in their intended subject matters . Some of the stories featured are very real and very powerful , so we do n't need to dillude them with funny cartoon covers and odd humor attempts.Over all , this collection is fantastic . I would n't recommend trying to read every story in one night , but rather savor them over several reading sessions . This is a must-have for the disgruntled romantic - documented proof that the one that got away could have been a BOYFRIEND FROM HELL ...
 Pastor Mark gives us exactly what the title of this book implies . This is a devotional , but it reads more like a series of true mini-sermons that present biblical truths as well as practical applications of the subject matter . Many of the devotionals have a relevant story with them , and they all turn your focus back to the Bible . In a day and age when things are n't so hopeful , this is a blessing from God that really delivers what the title promises . Highly recommended !
 Pastor Mark gives us exactly what the title of this book implies . This is a devotional , but it reads more like a series of true mini-sermons that present biblical truths as well as practical applications of the subject matter . Many of the devotionals have a relevant story with them , and they all turn your focus back to the Bible . In a day and age when things are n't so hopeful , this is a blessing from God that really delivers what the title promises . Highly recommended ! A great gift for anyone going through a bad situation in their life .
 I had the pleasure of meeting Gina Cascone in SF at Books by the Bay - and she 's as engaging and funny in person as she is when she 's writing . I did n't go to Catholic schools myself , but all my neighborhood friends did as I was growing up in Cleveland and Chicago - and many of the scenes in Pagan Babies -LRB- including the adopting of the pagan babies themselves -RRB- ring absolutely true.Until her most recent book , Life al Dente , Cascone has been a children 's author , and that voice comes through in Pagan Babies , which I think high school girls who have at last escaped the clutches of the nuns in their elementary schools could easily relate to . Irreverent to the point of blasphemy , Pagan Babies is a loving if scathing memoir of growing up Catholic.I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 Gina Cascone captures the politics of Catholic grade school students and interprets it for the adult it has trained . The result is tear-streaming laughter from chapter to chapter . It is probably the most memorable and loved work of important literature for this alumnus of Holy Cross School , Class of ' 79 .
 A word of advice . Do not lend your copy of this book out . I am so glad they finally reprinted the book . I 've lent 3 copies out - never to receive any of them back . This one will not leave my possession . You will laugh until you cry . I too went to Catholic schools and am still a happily practicing Catholic . I have some great memories too . Growing up during the 50 's and 60 's just does that ... like the time I got into trouble for pretending I was a priest and pretending to consecrate Necco wafers . I do n't know anyone who could put the laugh until you cry spin on the parochial school stories though . Irreverant , yes . A must-read ? absolutely . Ms. Cascone tells her story not because she hated Catholic school , but because she has this fantastic sense of humor . I 'd read anything she wrote . I bought sight unseen her book Life al Dente . I read excerpts of it to my Jewish husband in the car this weekend and even he laughed like crazy .
 This book was a riot and I could see myself experiencing most of what the author wrote about !!!!! What pleasant -LRB- sometimes -RRB- memories and chuckles I got out of some of the inane situations we experienced as kids in Catholic school with the nuns . However , I would not trade one minute of it ! Among some of their most ridiculous customs and forms of teaching us right from wrong , some things stuck and as a result , we came out of our Catholic upbringing as decent and caring individuals -LRB- we were afraid to be anything else -RRB- ! Regardless the book was a riot ! Thanks !
 this is a funny book one with which I could identify . any one who has attended a catholic school in the 60 's or 70 's knows where the author Gascone has been
 What a wonderful job of taking me back to my elementary school time . So many details mesh with my own experience in Southern California . The authentic voice of this author is wonderfully refreshing . You will enjoy this book and experience a time travel that is great fun .
 This memoir is painful , beautiful , rugged . He shows himself to be proud , horrid , loving , sentimental . It is a small collection of short , powerful stories that span from childhood to young adulthood . He refers to himself at times in first person , other times in third -LRB- so you have to pay attention ! -RRB- . Growing into manhood , observing others and being observed . He expresses experiences of personal pride and humiliation with equal relish . Portraits of others in his life are humorous , admiring and at times sad . Hanging out with odd-balls ; learning about women . It may have been a simpler time for technology , but the emotional struggles , the economic realities , the physical exertion required in a life in early 20th century Wales were harsh . All-in-all , this book is unforgettable .
 I would rather read this book than any by James Joyce . Thomas may be remembered for his wonderful poems , but his short pieces are , under no circumstances , to be ignored.Thomas writes of his youth , which is a subject that many writers have attempted to write about , and where they fall short he excells . The stories are nothing but fun . Actually , they are more than fun ; they are often beautiful . By all means , READ THIS !
 Hemingway once said that `` all good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened and after you are finished reading one you will feel that all that happened to you and afterwards it all belongs to you ; the good and the bad , the ecstasy , the remorse . `` PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG DOG is one of those happy few books . . beautifully written , funny , moving , cruel and joyful at the same time . . please read it !!
 Better than the first one , `` Joseph and His Brothers '' , in the same manner that `` Balthazar '' was better than `` Justine '' -LRB- as part of `` The Alexandria Quartet '' by Durrell -RRB- . Even though I knew of course what happens , I found Mann 's retelling quite exciting . He adds such marvelous details to the bare bones of the Bible story . I did n't quite understand at the end , however , why Joseph keeps his mouth shut and goes with the traders , giving up all of his former life and knowing how devastated Jacob will be . -LRB- Mann explains this very thing at the beginning of the next book in the series . -RRB- Can not help wanting to find out what compelled Mann to take this Bible story and so wonderfully embellish it . Even though it was written in 1938 , it is timeless , as all classics are . I actually think it would make quite a movie . Intend to read the actual Bible story when I finish this quartet . Joseph seems to be maturing from the first book , particularly after he was thrown in the well . Superb .
 This is the first book I bought when I started learning this amazing craft . It has beautiful illustrations and pictures -LRB- in color -RRB- , which really show some of the techniques better than you can describe them . It is short and to-the-point , but I did eventually buy a more detailed book . But this one remains the one that I check back with to answer quick questions ! Definitely worth the money !
 I am a beginner and I 'm teaching myself . This book was very helpful in teaching me how to begin . It also has a lot of nice designs that I was not afraid to try . I found this book very helpful in getting started .
 I am a stained glass artist . This is an excellent reference book . I have given this book to some of my students . Very informative , lots of color pictures , easy to read and understand . Also includes a number of patterns from beginner to more advanced . This book is No. 1 , in my opinion , of all the instructional stained glass reference books I have owned .
 A wonderful , simple to use booklet for the novice . Also a very good book for a refresher for those who have done stained glass projects before . A very nice inclusion of usable patterns , color choices , degree of difficulty for each project and the square footage of glass needed to complete the project . I would definitely recommend this to anyone considering a hobby in stained glass .
 I tried stained glass construction 25 + years ago . I wish I 'd had this book then . I 'm starting over again . I 'm going to the GlassExpo in Las Vegas the end of Mrch 06 .
 Though this book is on grammar , it is not that hard . It tries to make the subject simple , fun , and the most important thing , easy to remember.You 'll need to make a review of some grammar , but the book is self-contained to that purpose , and it gives you all necessary tools for the work . These tools will help you to understand how to write and speak better English , and if they were not enough for you , every `` rule '' has examples and these examples , in turn , are explained when needed.The book recognizes English is a changing language , so there are exceptions for some rules , but it shows you the most general exceptions and helps you to decide which road you should take.Nonnative English speakers , beware
 This book took the confusion out of High School English class . Everyone who uses the written English language should invest in this book . It 's easy to understand and fun to read .
 As an English teacher who has worked with community college , adult education , high school , and international students , I recommend this thin , practical book.In less than 200 pages , Grammar for Smart People introduces and reviews the essential grammar points that we should know and sometimes forget . ESL students will also find it clear , direct , and useful . This thin book also contains more real information than many far more expensive , thick , and mandated college textbooks . It 's far superior and cheaper than the vastly over-rated Betty Azar series for English language learners or the many other drill and kill textbooks imposed on too many vocational education and community college students.If you want an affordable , portable , and practical grammar guide , buy this Grammar for Smart People .
 I love this book ! I taught grammar and composition on the college level , and my students paid over $ 80 for a textbook . Had I known about this book , I 'd have had them use it ; and I could have supplemented instruction . It 's a wonderful resource , right next to the thesaurus and dictionary . I know all that information is available on line , but sometimes it 's just not worth the search time when the book is right at hand .
 Barry Tarshis has given us a remarkably well done guidebook to that often complicated language we call `` English '' . It is a priceless helping hand for everyone - students , writers , professionals , and just plain folks . Bravo Mr. Tarshis !
 I use it and recommend it to many of my fellow students that are wading their way through college . Especially great for any international folk ... the English language is a crazy beast .
 Wow -- in planning a vacation to Big Bear Lake , I found a great dog-friendly lodge thanks to this lively written guidebook . What a resource
 Love this book ! It is always in the car and always helpful . Nice write-ups about the different parks and places to walk . If you like to run around with your dog do buy one of these and leave it in the car .
 I am glad I got this book . Lots of good ideas and things to do with the Dog . Only reason it does not have five stars is that I wish the book was more detailed with hiking trails and more places to eat with the Dog
 Look , you got a dog or two ? Living or traveling in southern California ? Then you need this book ! Seriously , to find out which beaches , parks , restaurants , hotels , etc. will accept your pooch in LA or OC , this is it . Lots of little-known dog-friendly places and tips on travel make this book worth its price .
 Good for you if you are preparing business plan , but lack of marketing idea . Just follow the ideas in this book .
 This book takes each book of the Bible and gives a background on the setting in which it was written . The author puts all the information in very understandable words . It does give one an understanding of the times when the writing takes place . It is necessary for those who know nothing about the history of the writings of the books of the Bible . It is more of a reference book than an `` easy read . `` It is a good book for understanding sections of the bible and explaining them to others . Good for RCIA groups.Donna Murphy
 It would be hard to make introducing the characters , plots and themes any easier . This is the best single book I have found in a short , concise and easily readable volume . Fr . Schehr 's book could easily be used by any Protestant student just as Catholics often use work of Protestant scholars . This book is appropriate for beginners and long time readers ready to much more seriously explore salvation history . This is another good book for those who believe as does Pope Benedict XVI that there is a knowable truth
 Fr . Schehr opens this outstanding resource with an explanation of the origins of the Bible , the differences between the Catholic Bible and others , and the connection between teachings of the Bible and the Church . He also provides a helpful framework in the form of five `` major markers '' representing times of freedom or deliverance for God 's people.The material on each book of the Bible follows a clear format , as shown in the following example taken from the Psalms section . In the introduction we learn that St. Ambrose called the Psalter `` a gymnasium of the soul '' to indicate its wealth of inspiration to strengthen our faith lives . Schehr expands on that topic briefly , then discusses different types of psalms and describes the layout of the Psalter , adding a chart to summarize . He suggests effective approaches for reading the Psalter . The section closes with a list of spiritual lessons from the Psalms
 A quick and easy way to get to know the Bible . Now to go through and study what I found interesting . Can find the real story now and not just passed on legends .
 This book is extremely useful for anyone who wants to learn Yiddish . It is filled with just about every phrase you could possibly think of , and even has an index of every single word in the whole book , which comes in very useful . It has not only phrases , but also lots of popular single words -LRB- such as east , west , good , bad , etc. -RRB- . One thing that I really liked about it is that it uses the Yiddish alphabet , instead of that stupid romanization that you see in every other modern Yiddish book . For people who ca n't read the Yiddish alphabet , it has a very nice guide to all of the sounds and names of the Yiddish letters . It unfortunately does n't contain a thing about grammar or gender of nouns or using verbs , but just the same , this book is extremely useful for the Yiddish learner . I personally think that it is the best book that you will ever find for it 's low cost . I would recommend it to anyone of any age that wants to learn Yiddish .
 There are n't many places left in the world where Yiddish is the primary language ; exactly why there would be a travel-phrase book like this one is a little bit perplexing to me . Of course , it was published decades ago , and apparently has n't been reprinted since , so used copies are the way to acquire this little gem . It is organised in the typical fashion on any travel phrase book - basic expressions ; greetings and general social conversation ; travel expressions concerning hotels , boats , airlines , etc. ; useful words about the house ; sports , school , professions ; and , of course , caf&eacute; and restaurant information . There are also sections for numbers , dates , seasons , and the like.As the introduction states , whenever Yiddish is spoken , it is usually through the lens of dialects - Yiddish not having a solid geographic home in terms of major national or primary language support , the language is -LRB- for all its ` traditional ' aspects -RRB- a rather fluid thing . Yiddish is , unlike English and more like German , fairly consistent in spelling and pronunciation , so once the basic pattern of pronunciation of letters is mastered , the speech is relatively simple to engage . Yiddish has strong Germanic tones despite being written in the Hebrew -LRB- Aramaic -RRB- script - this phrase book incorporates the original script as well as transliterated pronunciation . Yiddish , like Hebrew , is written and read right to left , but the transliterations are put in left-to-right for ease of English speakers.Yiddish has had a good deal of influence in English through popular use , entertainment and literature , as well as some business and marketplace uses . Yiddish is becoming more popular in recent years , including being used in schools in some parts of North America as an important secondary language.This is a phrase book , not a grammar . It shows the rudiments of pronunciation and provides handy access to ready-made phrases , but does not develop ideas of grammar and syntax , nor does it have any background of history or sociology - like a travel phrase book , it consists of pages of phrases grouped topically , with an index in the back , and sized to fit easily into a pocket . For a more extensive introduction to the Yiddish language , one might combine this with the book Complete Idiot 's Guide to Learning Yiddish by Rabbi Benjamin Blech.For a travel phrase book , it is a real gem .
 After reading the reviews , I wrongly assumed that this was a book that had a number of humorous phrases in Yiddish . If had known what it really was , I would not have ordered it . I might be the only person on earth that had this mis-conception , however.Regardless , this is a handly little book . The book is tiny and designed to fit in a shirt pocket , hence the tiny price.There is an index of words and there are major sections such as `` parts of the body '' and `` business '' and `` restaurant '' vocabulary.The book is very business like and it is apparent that it is intended to be an easy-to-access phrase book for folks new to Israel or any area with a large Yiddish-speaking population .
 Great little book !! Very handy and easy to use . Comprehensive listing of all the words and phrases you need . A recommended must in your Yiddish collection .
 Most Yiddish books only use transliteration . This is difficult because everyone has a different way of doing that . I think it is always better to learn the alphabet . Unfortunately I do not live in the right part of the world to use most of the phrases in this book .
 when i got this buch , i kvelled all the way home from shul ... Shalom all !
 The Third Secret is a timely piece of fiction by Steve Berry . The book is about alleged appearances by the Virgin Mary throughout the last 100 years . Father Colin Michener , the Papal Secretary , is brought into a potential conspiracy by his mentor , Pope Clement . We find that there has been a conspiracy by past Popes to cover up a part of `` The Third '' Secret '' , which is part of a Marian appearance . This secret part would allegedly contradict present church doctrine.This is a nice work of fiction , based on a good bit of truth . If you like Dan Brown , you will enjoy this book .
 This is definately a must read for someone interested in Fatima . Steve Berry does an excellent job in keeping you glued to the pages until it 's done ! I personally do n't think he did bad at all for only his what , third book ? Great job ... a great read ... and a great subject in these times of the Da Vinci Code . Espionage , suspense and history combined in a fictional story of intrigue . Buy it ... you wo n't be sorry !
 Another Da Vinci Code-like thriller - fast paced of course , but this one is very well written . The Third Secret is driven by the events of the miracle at Fatima , Portugal and a conspiracy in the Catholic Church , if you can imagine such a thing . The intricacies and politics of the Vatican are examined while the story races along , and coming on the heels of the latest conclave and installation of the new Pope just makes this book even more irresistible . Fascinating history , meticulously researched -LRB- as always by this author -RRB- and spellbinding to boot .
 The Third Secret is a closely guarded prophesy handed down by an apparition of the Virgin Mary to a young shepardess in Fatima . For years the young girl kept her secret , but it was ultimately written and translated to be kept safe in The Vatican . This novel finds the current pope , Clement XV , involved in a battle over the direction of the Catholic Church . Some are moving for change that allows for priests to marry and have families , some feel that the Church is already too progressive and needs to return to its more traditional dogma . Clement 's secrety , Monsignor Colin Michener finds himself in the middle of a battle between these two ideals with instructions to track down details regarding The Third Secret . What he finds are powers stronger than he ever speculated that want the secret to remain a mystery and will go to any length to ensure that it stays that way . During his adventure , he battles his own inner demons and feelings that he finds at conflict with his oath to the Church.Comparisons to DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons are inevitable and not completely undeserved . What is similar is the religious based plot line and the elements of both good and bad that are alleged to be involved in the inner workings of the Catholic Church . However , the writing in The Third Secret is better than Dan Brown 's . This novel is not always as fast paced as Brown 's , and it does not have as much `` action/adventure , '' but the thrill comes from the interplay between the characters instead of during a race from one ancient document or building to another . In some ways this book is `` smarter , '' but fans of the Indiana Jones style of fiction may be disappointed . All in all it is facinating to speculate that this type of manipulation and politicing takes place within the walls of The Vatican .
 This is an immensely entertaining thriller that revolves around the third secret of Fatima , as well as Vatican political intrigues , murder , and mystery . It is a fast-paced , plot driven thriller . So strong is the plot that the fact that the book is short on character development will not disturb the reader one whit . The plot will keep the reader compulsively turning the pages of this skillfully plotted book . While the book may disturb some readers , due to the depiction of some its clerical characters as power hungry and capable of murder , one should keep in mind that this is a work of fiction . Besides , priests are people , too , and , as such they are , no less than the rest of us , subject to temptation.Central to the plot is the papal secretary , Monsignor Colin Michener , who has served the elderly Pope Clement XV for many years . They have an almost father-son relationship , and Monsignor Michener has noticed that the Pope has been acting a little strange lately , making numerous visits to the papal archives . It seems that the Pope has become obsessed with the third secret of Fatima , as he has been given some new information related to it . Consequently , he decides to send Monsignor Michener to Romania on a very special mission , as it appears that all is not what it seems.Meanwhile , back at the Vatican , political intrigues abound , as Cardinal Valendrea , avaricious and power hungry , plots on becoming pope when Pope Clement XV goes to meet his maker . Cardinal Valendrea is extremely conservative and traditional in terms of his agenda for Catholicism . He loathes Pope Clement XV and his stance on many of the issues confronting Catholicism today . He will , therefore , resort to any means necessary to secure that which he most desires . Cardinal Ngovi , the cardinal for Nairobi , on the other hand , represents the new order in Catholicism . He is a close friend of the Pope and is very much aware of Cardinal Valendrea 's perfidy and venality . Valendrea and Ngovi represent the two warring factions within the Vatican.When Monsignor Michener completes his mission to Romania , he is then sent by the Pope to Bosnia , to the village of Medjugorje , the sight of visitations by the Blessed Virgin Mary , where , as with Fatima , there are secrets . He is to speak to one of the seers to whom the visitations were made . Traveling with Monsignor Michener is Katerina Lew , a journalist with whom he has a secret past . As events transpire and secrets unfold , Monsignor Michener finds himself drawn into a conspiratorial web . At the heart of the conspiracy is a secret that will rock the bedrock of Catholicism.This is work of fiction that is interwoven with historical details and world events . It is a page-turning thriller that will be enjoyed by fans of `` The Da VInci Code '' and `` Angels and Demons '' , as well as by those who enjoy well-plotted , fast-paced thrillers .
 I 'm certainly no expert when it comes to writing styles , so mine is a `` common person 's '' review . As the title indicates , I found this to be a fun book to read . It was very easy to follow the story line -LRB- did n't get too complicated -RRB- and it held my attention in the `` ca n't put it down '' catagory . Some books require you to work at following story lines , characters and so on . This one does n't . As in another of Steve Berry 's books , the plot places two groups of people with their own agendas opposite one another and the author makes it easy for the reader to stay on track by alternating the two sides on an every-other-chapter basis.Some reviewers have accused the author of pushing his own political agendas , but then again , do n't most writers do the same ? At least to some point ? I suppose I 'm least offended by his view points as I tend to be on the same side of the fence as he is . Ultimately , even though it does contain facts and speaks of real-life personalities , I see this as a work of fiction , not a set of ideas intended to sway opinions.I 'd recommend this as a relaxing escape on a cold winter afternoon or as an excellent summer book . Light enough for casual reading yet containing enough suspense to hold your attention .
 This was my third Steve Berry novel and I have to say that I loved this one by far ! Very entertaining , so much so I kept thinking about getting back to reading it while at work ! Having visited Bamberg before and lived in Italy I found the novel to be accurate in both the descriptions of the locations and the ` politics ' at the Vatican . I find it a little eery that since the death of John Paul II , the new pope seems to have taken some steps back in time with regards to specific positions/policies of the Vatican . Certainly food for thought ...
 I was enchanted with this novel . First of all , I am a practicing Catholic who has read greatly about the apparitions at Fatima and Medjugorje . It is not unfathomable that the Vatican would want to carry on a `` coverup '' over these secrets . The characters in Berry 's novel were very believable to me.I so much appreciated all of the research that went on to write this novel.The most important part for me in this novel was to really think about what might be in those secrets . I always thought it was more apocalyptic , however , Berry stretches my thinking to wonder , hmmmm , what does God want from us.Thank you , Mr. Berry !!
 With the recent papal election , this book could not have come out at a better time . It is a fun read which ties itself up nicely in the end . I find myself so many times getting bogged down with writers for the first 300 pages , they then wrap things up in the final 50 with a style that illustrates they ran out of juice . This is not that way . Great history lesson and full of facts . I love the intrigue of what the Vatican library holds and this gives some insight although only a smidgen of what must be there behind locked doors . Characters are interesting and if you have a weak stomach when it comes to Popes , be careful . They are portrayed as human here folks , same drives , desires and hiccups like you and I . Who woulda thunk these guys act like this ? Anyway , fun read , like the Dan Brown books . A nice addition to my evergrowing library of fiction based on fact .
 I ordered this book to complete my Steve Berry collection . I find his books fascinating and they hold my interest right up until the end . Although I have never read anything else on Fatima , I was able to understand the significance of the sightings and I am eagerly awaiting Berry 's next novel .
 If you are looking for a deep secret to be revealed at the end , read no further , its a let down . However , the storyline and the plots are fast-paced and intriguing , that it is unputdownable . It is set against the background of the catholic kingdom , the vatican city , and offers a mix of insightful facts and fiction about the people that run the catholic church . The details of the ceremony and procedures followed upon a pope 's death , the conclave and election are instructive.Overall , its a good weekend book that should not be mistaken for a serious theological treatise .
 Awaiting the new Dan Brown novel , left me in search of similar fare . Thank you Steve Berry . Sure , there are some flaws in his historical facts and characterizations , but it is still an intelligent read . There is also plenty of action for those readers who enjoy a fast-paced novel .
 Do n't be discouraged by the negative reviews on this book that you see here on Amazon . Most come from touchy religious types . The setting for the book is the Vatican and the world of Catholicism . The book is well written with good character development , a steadily developing plot and building suspense . A lot of accurate background information is provided pertaining to the Vatican and Catholicism and the story has a historical setting . However , keep in mind this is a work of fiction . The book is an easy read , but offers a lot more interest than many of the currently available books from the volume authors who crank out a couple of books a year . I enjoyed reading it .
 This book was simply magnificient ! I could not put it down , read it in two sittings over a weekend . It is based primarily on the Fatima Prophecies which I never quite understood until this book . Besides being rich with historical facts it had a gripping plot that kept you enthralled . He gave me entertainment combined with a thorough historical lesson all in one . I thought the Da Vinci Code was pretty awesome but for me this book surpassed it by far . Sorry Dan Brown but I call them as i see them .
 I purchased this book thinking it was going to be very similar to the DaVinci Code -LRB- which I suppose everyone has to do when considering anything having to do with the Vatican , thrillers , etc. , these days -RRB- , however , I was pleasently surprised to find that it really did n't . This story is a very interesting and thought provoking thriller . It does n't have a lot of `` car chases '' and `` shoot em ' up '' kind of action , but it is still very , very exiting . The story also provides one with a great view of what goes on behind vatican doors , and I also found the historical information about several visitations by Mary to be fascinating . And , when you are done reading it , make sure to check out the predictions of Father Malachi Martin online .
 Let 's face it , most of these books are getting a bad rap . Everything is being compared to Dan Brown 's Da Vinci Code . While certainly and unarguably the best religious thriller around , Steve Berry , no doubt , delivers a first-rate action packed thriller . This will keep you on the edge of your seat . A must read if you are searching for the next best religious mystery !
 Before one starts reading THE THIRD SECRET , it would be a good idea to take a nice deep breath and accept the fact that this is one book that will raise some controversy . The Catholic Church is considered fair game right now , and some of the wounds it has suffered in recent years have been self-inflicted . Accordingly , this tale of entrenched interests versus the humble servants trying to do the right thing seeks , ultimately , to turn faith and logic -- they 're not necessarily mutually exclusive -- on their respective ears . So the conclusion of Steve Berry 's latest novel inevitably will upset some folks . Fair enough . The thing to remember is that THE THIRD SECRET is a story , a work of fiction , and does not pretend to be anything more , or less . It also is excitingly and brilliantly told , and a terrific read.The backstory of THE THIRD SECRET is in some ways almost as interesting as the novel itself . Berry wrote this religion-tinged manuscript in 1998 , and garnered a ton of rejection slips before ultimately selling it as part of a well-deserved three-book deal in 2002 . One finds it difficult to understand why this novel was n't snapped up years ago . Dealing as it does with one of the more interesting controversies of the twentieth century , THE THIRD SECRET is an intricate , well-written tale that undoubtedly will generate discussion and controversy.The title refers to the revelation bestowed upon three shepherd children in Fatima , Portugal in 1917 during a series of appearances by the Virgin Mary . Three messages were purported to be given to the children
 Being a Roman Catholic , I would advice everyone to read this book -LRB- catholics and non-catholics -RRB- . Many would believe that it is a direct attack to the church but I strongly feel that one has to read and understand other points of view in order to defend our religion.It is pure fiction , and a great one indeed ; even though sometimes I would feel that it was making allusion to Pope John Paul and Pope Benedict . It was one of the best books for me EVER ... a must read !
 I do n't know much about Pope Clement XV , the Vatican , and the Church , but I was completely satisfied after reading this novel . The amount of negative reviews this book has received is amazing . It 's really a fascinating read if you allow yourself to get into it . After the book was over I can say I learned something . It 's a solid read .
 People take these books too seriously . It is a work of FICTION that draws upon history . Read it and enjoy it for what it is . It 's not the gospel .
 Yes it 's been highly researched , and as the author says , he likes to both educate and entertain . The timing is also good since , just recently , a pope has been anointed . But if your looking for an action packed suspenseful thriller in the vein of Dan Brown , do n't expect this one to deliver . It was well written but came off as a little dry to me . One of the things you will get though , is an intellectual thriller that takes a close look at the Vatican and it 's possible conflicts within its ranks.From inside
 The Third Secret is another great suspense novel by Steve Berry . It takes you behind the scenes in the Vatican into a world of secrecy , politics and corruption . Berry weaves fact and fiction together into an engaging story .
 Berry takes a sensitive subject and creates a suspenseful novel filled with Vatican intrigue , accurate history and a sense of `` place . `` Berry seamlessly connects the secrets of Fatima and Medjugorie and weaves them into a Vatican murder mystery . I have studied Marian apparitions and find the author to be very knowledgeable.The author somehow makes a political `` statement '' while retaining an air of mystery and reverence for the faith.I had a hard time putting this fast-paced , well developed novel down . A fun read !!
 I agree that `` The Third Secret '' is no `` DaVinci Code '' or `` Angels and Demons , '' but it is definitely worth the read . I bought the audio version , as I travel a lot - and I literally fall asleep at the wheel if I do n't have a book going . While `` The Third Secret '' moves more slowly than Brown 's books , it keeps the mystery moving and engages the listener with more than enough motivation to find out what happens next.Additionally , the narrator for this version , Paul Michael , is amazing . I listen to large numbers of audio books ... and I have yet to find someone as versatile and easy on the ears as Michael .
 I had the opportunity to go to a book club meeting where Steve Berry spoke about his books . I have not yet started to read `` The Third Secret '' but I will say I am more enthusiatic about it since I heard him speak about his works and how and where he gathers his inspirations .
 Typical Steven Berry book - action thriller with a historical/fact base . A quick read that keeps the pages turning . I enjoy these books immensely - but this particular book is a little far fetched for me with heavenly appartitions and such.Having siad that , it is great entertainment , and provides enough interesting historical tidbits that it remains classic Berry and a good read .
 Steve Berry does it again . This is a page turner once again packed with historical fiction . I recommend this book highly .
 Although a good read , nice build up , a couple of nasty bad guys including a Pope and his side kick who seemed to have been trained in a terrorist camp , the ending was unbelieveable and a quite strained . I just ca n't imagine the BVM -LRB- Blessed Virgin Mary -RRB- agreeing with liberals on the issues of today 's citizens . Understanding and empathizing with their plight , yes , but that is as far as I would go .
 Steve Berry is one of those writers you love to read - from the get-go you are part of the ride . Each one of his works is a given that it will entertain , and get you thinking.Secret deals with the message the Holy Virgin gave to the children at Fatima - Has some of the grace of Angels and Demons , but not the wild ride of an ending , although a satisfactory one.Definitely worth reading .
 This was by first Steve Berry book . I had read the reviews , but decided to read it myself . I was really impressed . Steve took someone we only hear about - the pope - and made him human . The characters were strong enough for me to get an understanding of what their personality is like . I think the end was a bit much - the part about women priests and married priests I could see , but the rest was a little overboard . All in all , I thought Berry did a good job with the story and it kept my attention . I do not judge a fiction book based upon my beliefs . I defended the Da Vinci Code because it was fiction . This is also fiction , so regardless of how you may feel about what Berry puts in the book please keep in mind that it is make-believe ! The Third Secret is entertaining , the characters are interesting , and you will be able to escape into a different world for a few hours . That is why I read books - to enjoy some time away . If that is why you read , you will enjoy this book .
 Sure the `` secret '' is outrageous , but then , the same can be said about organized religion in general , so I did n't have a problem with it . I loved the book and thought it had a great plot and was an entertaining read , which I believe is what it was intended to be - hello - fiction ! It was n't preachy or didactic and therefore , in general , annoying as so many other authors seem to be with this and similar subjects -LRB- case in point - The Last Templar by Raymond Khoury , OMG , bleck !!! -RRB- . Taken for what it is - a good page turner - it 's one of Berry 's best , in my opinion , and certainly inspired me to read all of his novels -LRB- this was the first I read -RRB- , none of which have disappointed to date .
 Wonderful writer with a terrific background , character development and story style . One of the best . This is one of six books he has written and we are reading them all .
 I actually thought this was one of his better novels . I enjoy books that create the `` what if '' question .
 This is a book about Papal politics and Marian visions . It is a great blend between dogma and true religion that is spiritual in nature . Steve Berry captures very well the nature of all his characters and you get a clear idea about the way in which they think . I think the character of Valendrea is illustrated very well and you really get a sense of the kind of man he is just by reading about his day to day interactions . The whole Fatima and Medjugorje visions are described well . The way he has handled explosive debates ranging from marriage of priests , women priests and abortion is done very well and it all comes together well in the end . The only one wish I had was for the protagonist Colin Michener to remain in the church and rise to the papacy some day and also for the actual victory and naming of the one who will become pope . I do not wish to reveal any details , so go read it .
 An excellent and easy read . Most anyone that likes the author , Steve Berry , will enjoy this . He is one of my favorite authors , along with Harlan Coban . He is consistantly very creative working with documented history and incorporating facts into fictional fun . Highly recommend .
 pretty good story ! i really enjoyed the concept and the books fast pace ! looking forward to reading more of the author 's works , thumbs up !
 I liked most of the book . Some of it is pretty stereotypical in its depiction of the outsiders -LRB- non-Italians -RRB- being good guys and the insiders -LRB- Italians -RRB- being the bad guys , but someone has to be the good guy and someone has to be the bad guy or there would not be a story.I was a little disappointed that the third secret was revealed at the end . It wo n't effect the enjoyment of the book very much if you know what the third secret is . Basic the third secret is every liberal American catholic 's wet dream . Birth control and abortion is OK , so is homosexuality , and presumably non-marital sex of any kind , as long as there is some kind of love in the equation , and women can be priests.If you buy into the idea that religion does n't need to take a moral stance , than I guess you will appreciate the third secret . personally , i think the book would have been better off without revealing what the third secret was.Even so , it is a good read , even with a few flaws .
 To have read Steve Berry 's ` The Third Secret ' after having read ` The Templar Legacy ' and ` The Alexandria Link ' -LRB- both written after ` Secret ' -RRB- shows me that with time the author is getting better at crafting fast-paced , enjoyable thrillers.Nevertheless , ` Secret ' is an entertaining read . Buried deep within the Vatican lies the translation of a ` secret ' revealed to a trio of poor children in the early 20th century , after seeing a purported vision of the Virgin Mary . Two prior messages were revealed almost immediately , but the Third Secret of the Fatima visions remained locked away for many years ... but no more . Having been revealed to the world a few years prior , the third secret still troubles the current Pope , Clement XV . It troubles him so much so that he regularly visits the archive where the translation remains locked away , under orders to be opened by no one but the Pope.The Vatican , like any other agency of great power , holds few truly loyal friends for Clement XV . He entrusts a mission to one of them , Father Colin Michener , to seek out the priest who translated the secret from Portuguese , and question him as to why he feels that the ` secret ' has not truly been told , and the instructions of the Virgin not followed.Michener , loyal to his friend , carries out his mission , and obtains an answer from the old priest he seeks , along with the help of his former love , Katerina Lew , a journalist , whom enemies of the current Pope have bribed into spying on Michener to also learn the answer to what troubles Clement so much presently , and position themselves for power within the Vatican once Clement eventually passes on.Moving from Vatican City to Romania , Bosnia , and Germany . The answer to what is contained in the third secret , what the Virgin instructed the church to reveal , and what troubles Clement will all be revealed in the end , and will change the church , and the face of Christianity , forever.Rich in Vatican intrigue and ceremony , fast paced and engaging , Steve Berry 's ` The Third Secret ' is an enteraining read , and a good early offering from one of todays ' best writers of thrillers .
 I absolutely loved this book . I could n't put it down . It is a marvelous story about corruption and intrigue within the Vatican , a story so controversial that I would put it in right up there with Dan Brown 's ANGELS AND DEMONS.At the same time it also educates people about the history of the Papecy and the Visions of the Holy mother appearing to people .
 The Third Secret is yet another Steve Berry thriller full of amazingly insightful detail . In this case , Berry weaves a bits of history , politics , and suspense yarn into a rich tapestry . While the characters themselves are forgettable , the story is timely . It gives an amazing view into the world of religion and politics and how those two go hand in hand . Though this is fiction , it benefits from the death of Pope John Paul as a way to hook readers . Some have said this book would offend Christians , but I think Christians with a sense of understanding the difference between fiction and reality are smart enough to know this is fiction . Though well told and fun to read , it 's not groundbreaking , and it 's certainly not sensational enough to offend the fringe .
 It was a good read . Weak ending . I 've read worst . His other two books had better endings , however , up until the end it was good . The history lesson was useful . I would buy this book again . Now that I think about it I did buy this next one `` the Templar Legacy '' so what does that tell you .
 Although Berry 's bad guys are pretty unconflicted about being bad guys -LRB- especially for priests -RRB- and the reveal regarding the third secret of Fatima is jarring more for its anachronistic feel than for its content , this yarn is similar to Dan Brown 's Angels and Demons in its look at the inner workings of papal enclaves and backstage Vatican politicking . It starts just a bit slow , but has a satisfying build-up of suspense and twists so as to make it a reasonable page-turner for those who wo n't get too hung up on the undertone of criticism for the current Catholic church and its various doctrines . While there are some odd character choices and a bit of inconsitency about how urgent various things are and are n't along the way , I found myself entertained and turning pages and , after all , is n't that really the point of a mass market thriller ? Donald J. Bingle , Author ofForced Conversion .
 From the outset , Steve Berry captures your interest by pulling the curtain that shrouds the mysteries of the Vatican . It 's political entanglements and characters mirrors our contemporary world . He weaves a highly interesting combination of clerical fidelity , celibacy controversy , love story , and church politics with an overarching mystery thriller . Definitely a fast read and worthwhile ride .
 When I was first asked to review this book I thought to myself that it would probably be just another book in the plethora of novels that seem to have hung on to the coat tails of the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown . Happily this is third book in the Da Vinci Code mould that I have read and I am surprised to say that they are all equally as good , or better than Dan Brown 's book.Many people dismissed the Da Vinci Code as a nonsensical , poorly written book , but to me they are missing the point . As with this book by Steve Berry they are written as entertainment , they are novels and nothing within them should be taken too seriously . The books must be made plausible or the reader will just dismiss them as nonsense.The Third Secret has everything , travel in Europe , murder , deceit and hidden passion , it is entertaining and thought provoking , but still a work of fiction . It is a well thought out plot designed to entertain and sometimes shock the reader . Just read it for what it is and enjoy it .
 I found this book to be an enjoyable read . The plot moved fast enough to keep me reading and the characterization was good . For those of us who find the third secret of Fatima and the prophecies of St Malachy of interest , the author has done a lot of fascinating research into these areas , as well as meticulous research into Vatican protocol - all very enlightening.I would have given the book four stars if the final revelation of the ` third secret ' had not been such an anti-climax . For a secret that purportedly caused popes to blanche in fear , I did n't find the fictional revelation in this book to be any more believable than the ` orthodox ' version released recently in which it was claimed that the third secret involved the attempted assassination of the Pope . Personally , I would have made the third secret a much more devastating event - especially with the licence of fiction.But all that aside - and I suppose there are some people who would find the revelation depicted in the book to be shocking - I managed to finish the book in a couple of days and would recommend it as a good read .
 The Third Secret was reviewed this spring in the Florida Times Union . I was intrigued and ordered the book to take on an international vacation . Once I began to read , I would rush back to the hotel each day to devour the pages . Mr.Berry has written a novel that combines the authenticity of the Fatima revelations with the mystery of the Catholic Church 's actions regarding them . The book 's characters were deliciously revealed and the reader is transported to the sites involved . The ending is well thought out and forces the reader to imagine ...
 This is the type of book that can kep you up all night reading it , because you just do n't want to put it down ! While the plot might be a bit preposterous , if you accept the premise that the author gives you , much enjoyment will follow . The book is just about non-stop action , with plot twists and turns on almost every page . There 's the usual intrepid hero , and the `` bad guys '' , but this time they are religious figures doing what they honestly feel is right for the Catholic Church . Ignore the strange `` prophecies '' when you read them , and just go along for the ride ; it 's awesome !
 If you are a self righteous Catholic you will probably hate this book and curse it as blasphemy . But , if you like entertaining thrillers , especially those based around parts of religion and even catholocism -LRB- as I do -RRB- , then you will like this book . While this book is not as captivating as say , the Da Vinci Code , it is entertaining and worth a read .
 Berry weaves an interesting tapestry of fact and fiction about the Roman Catholic Church . The characters are much more human , if a little more sparsely drawn , than those in the `` Code , '' and the intrigue is better than the great leaps of faith required by `` Code . `` Yet faith is what `` Third Secret '' is all about . Some of the sleights of hand , deceptions and plot twists are a bit murky , but the basic story hinges on a flawed priest -LRB- although it seems strange that he would claim to have gone twenty years without saying Mass -RRB- who , like almost every other featured character , has a troubled past and a struggle with faith.This was a generally linear , straightforward , fast-paced read , with a relatively simple narrative and a few useful sojourns around time and Europe . Berry does not bring out the local color much beyond the pageantry and cloaks of the Vatican and the papacy , but the trips to Rumania , Bosnia and Germany provide a diverse backdrop for plot developments.An early attempt to excommunicate a heretic priest is a bit of a sideshow , a distraction , but he provides a link back to our protagonist 's past and , in the end , the heretic appears to be more correct than the conniving cardinal from Florence and his bi-sexual henchman also clothed in priest 's garb . By the end of `` Secret , '' no priest will look the same to you again , at least not as some distant spiritual figure . At least the transgressions are a welcome relief from the pedophilia and child abuse cases capturing public attention today.The `` secret '' of `` Secret '' strikes at the very the foundations of the church . For me , the revelation is a wee bit too all-encompassing as a major critique of widely accepted church dogma , a bit too convenient and powerful . But that is what makes the secret worth hiding . In some respects , it would be nice to have a miraculous revelation both simplify and clarify some of the difficulties of keeping the faith .
 While very little of the action is really in the ` Indiana Jones ' realm , the story moves along well , and the level of research and understanding of the Vatican , Catholic rituals , etc was pretty amazing . Very well laid out story that was just believable enough , and with just enough history and realism to make a very entertaining read . Reasoning , motives , and plot are very detailed and well fleshed out .
 An aging German pope sends our hero , Michener , on a mission to find the true hidden secrets of the message given by the Virgin to the children of Fatima in 1917 . Meanwhile the Pope 's Secretary , a scoundrel of the highest order , has his sights set on his life long ambitions of becoming the next pope . In a breathless search through medieval papal archives and to Bosnia , the site of the latest Mary apparition , we are led to a nifty grand finale , as all the pieces fit together to a final `` Proof '' of the Virgin 's Mary 's Reality , and God 's existence as well . This is a lively ride thru Church / Papal history with interesting characters and settings to match , and I admit I breezed right thru !
 I was skeptical when I first heard about this book . But by giving it a chance , I was glad I took the time and read it . The Third Secret was a fine book . Its not a book that will bore you and it will keep you more interested as you read . The actual secret is not a `` oh my God ! '' type of secret but it will make you think about it . Especially if some priests read this book , im sure they will be greatly affected forever . Other than that , a very enjoyable book . Find the type to read it . Steve Berry as has a `` Web Quest '' similar to Dan Brown 's webpage where you can answers questions and crack some codes . .
 The author states this is a fictional work with some incidents and characters based on historical fact . As a non-Catholic , I found the book very interesting ; die-hard Catholics might be offended by it.Colin Michener is the papal secretary to his mentor and pope , Clement XV . Clement keeps returning to the private papal archives more and more because something bothers him . He sends Colin on a journey that leads him to more and more trouble and mystery . Clement 's archrival Alberti Valendrea , papal secretary of state , and his accomplice , Paolo Ambrosi , do nothing to promote peace and harmony ... just death and a return to the dark ages of the church . The third secret reveals surprising directives that popes have been ignoring for years .
 Let me begin by saying this novel is in no way similar to the DaVinci Code as teased on the cover . However , it is a good suspenseful story that made it hard for me to put down . Although fictional , the story is built around a number of true facts . I enjoyed the author 's very visual descriptions of locale and scenery . I also liked the characters . However , I did find Ambrosi a little hard to believe that he could have elevated to such a high position in the church , but this is fiction . The writing has me interested in reading other works by this author .
 What a fast read ... well researched and edge of your seat ... a great combination for the voracious reader .
 I have never before placed a review . But this time I just had to . Personally , I am an avid reader of historical fiction novels and thrillers . I read the DaVinci code and I loved it . The comparison between the two books can not be avoided . And in my opinion The Third Secret is superior . This is definitely this year 's big book . And maybe for the years to come . It has the power of a modern text , but reads and stays with you like a classic . Absolutely exquisite .
 The Third Secret is one of the best books I 've ever read in my life of 35 years-and I 'm a very avid reader . First , let me say that if you are Catholic and are not inclined to be open-minded , you probably should n't read it , since you will probably be offended.However , if you are open to possibilities and different viewpoints , this book ca n't be beat for questioning the theological basis for traditional Catholic practices , such as celibacy for priests.The plot opens around the events that took place at Fatima , Portugal in the early 20th century . Three peasant girls were visited by the Virgin Mary and told three secrets , two of which were immediately made public , the third not revealed until 2000 . It is this third secret which is the focus of the book , that is , the part of the secret which was n't revealed by the Pope at in 2000 . The main focus of the book is that there are only three people left alive who know the entire contents of the third secret , one of which has great ambitions of becoming Pope . The current Pope and an aging priest in Romania are the other two . The ambitious Cardinal is out to ensure that the rest of the secret is n't revealed.This is all I 'll say , lest I ruin the book . I will say that it is at least the equal of DaVinci Code , if not better . However , while the DaVinci Code was more of an Indiana Jones story , the Third Secret is a little more political.Bottom line
 Steve Berry writes a good book for a summer weekend read . It is an improvement from his last novel , The Romanov Prophecy . He improves with every book . Ignore the liberal/conservative bashing reviews . I am a conservative Republican and found it an interesting FICTIONAL novel .
 What an incredibly researched and brilliantly written book . Secrets of the Virgin Mary , sensitive documents and papal politics . Lucia , one of the three children before whom the Virgin Mary supposedly appeared in Portugal , shared only two of the three `` secrets '' revealed by the Virgin Mary and willed that the final one , the third , could be revealed upon her death . Or so the public version goes . Steve Berry takes this basic premise and then builds a fictionalized account regarding the possibility that this `` public version '' may not be true . Along the way , he ends up giving the reader a crash course in papal intrigue and backroom maneuvering . Strongly recommend this book -LRB- besidesThe Rozabal LineandAngels & Demonsfor allThe Da Vinci Codelovers -RRB- . Clement XV -LRB- the fictional pope that succeeds John Paul instead of the factual Benedict -RRB- ends up committing suicide thus spinning the entire story into further intrigue . It really does n't get better than this .
 This is the first Steve Berry book I have read and thoroughly enjoyed it . It has everything I want in a story - action , decent backstory but not so much that it slowed down the story . There were a couple of nice -LRB- if not predictable -RRB- twists and the story wrapped-up pretty well.My only knock against this book was that some of the action/situations/occurances were WAY beyond the realm of Deus Ex Machina . However , excluding that , this was a fun read . Enjoy !
 This novel , like the `` Da Vinci Code '' , like the `` Prophetess '' gave me a chance to think , while enjoying a good story . After all , Christ spoke in parables.Religion is perhaps something you accept without thinking , or something you think about . This book is one that makes you think . It does not matter what your conclusions were , just that you have considered them , and made a decision.But , as to the book as a readable adventure ... it begins a bit slowly , but draws you into the story . Take a Pope , in his waning days , and his secretary still young . Throw in some Vatican intrigue for the succession -LRB- yes , I do believe intrigue exists -RRB- and you have a good story in the hands of Berry . Is any of it real , I am not a scholar , so I do not know . What I do know is that it , in its own way made me think . I thank the author for that.People interest me , and I found them in this book . I was always interested and concerned about each of the characters ... some I liked , some I did not , but I always hoped that they would be the best that they could be.The conclusion may have been a bit far-fetched , or was it . I would suggest that you read the book with an open mind , and then decide for yourself .
 Already a big fan of Mr. Berry 's work , I found `` The Third Secret '' to be another page-turner . Once again he weaves fact and fiction into an exciting , ca n't set it down , novel . When the third secret was finally revealed , I remember thinking `` whoa , I sure hope Mr. Berry has an unlisted phone number ... '' .
 I read this book following Angels and Demons by Dan Brown . I thought Berry did an honorable job creating his own spin on the change of power in the Vatican . People forget that even within the Church among men of God , the power struggles that go on behind the scenes.I felt that the plot was a little bit replicated from previous stories at first , but I appreciate how he twisted the plot , to give it an unexpected unique ending.It is a stand alone book for him , but its a quick easy read for someone .
 Great factual read . Very similar to dan Browne style novel . If you like dan Browne you 'll love Steve berets well written to the point novel . Great read .
 This book demonstrates extensive and detailed research into the workings of the Vatican and I found it fascinating . The third secret itself is not as earth shattering as some of the other aspects of this book , which kept me hooked with the character of the flawed Pope , the evil cardinal and political battles as well as the more simple faith of others . I highly recommend this for people interested in the Catholic church as well as those who like a religious thriller . My favorite of Steve Berry 's books .
 This is another novel I really enjoyed . Much like `` The Da Vinci Code '' the premise of this story should n't be taken seriously , but the conspiracy theory aspect is fun to pondr -LRB- if only for a second -RRB- . The basic story revolves around Jakob Volkner -LRB- Pope Clement XV -RRB- , a German priest in his late 70s who was elected as John Paul II 's successor and his secretary Monsignor Colin Michener an Irish-born but American-reared priest whose vows of celibacy have been tested -- and found wanting.Three years into his papacy , the thoughtful Clement has begun to quietly express skepticism about papal infallibility and the Church 's restrictive dogma . Clement has also made repeated visits to the Riserva , a guarded sanctum within the Vatican archives , where sacred and historic documents are stored . Obsessed with the Fatima prophecies , he dispatches Michener to Romania to locate an elderly cleric -LRB- Father Tibor -RRB- who , in the 1950s , translated three cryptic prophecies , purportedly offered by the Virgin Mary in 1917 for Pope John XXIII . The Virgin Mary revealed herself to the three children in Fatima , Portugal , disclosing three secrets to the eldest , Lucia , who shared the first two secrets soon after their revelation but left the last to be disclosed upon her death . This third secret was released to Pope John XXIII in 1960 and made public by Pope John Paul II in 2000 ... or was it?Thats the question facing Michener in the wake of Clement 's shocking death , as he pursues a twisted trail of clues , crimes , and religious forecasts from Rome to Bosnia to Germany , accompanied by his former lover , journalist Katerina Lew . But making any additional secrets known to the world will put Michener in confrontation with doctrinal reactionaries , led by the ambitious and traditionalist Cardinal Alberto Valendrea , the Vatican 's Italian secretary of state , who 's determined to follow Clement as pope , even if that requires inventing a few new sins and flouting a 900-year-old prediction of doom for the next pope.Its quite an work of coincidence , especially when read in light of Pope Benedict XVI 's succession to the papacyespecially when it comes to the prophecies of Malachy . If you like conspiracy theories and can let your imagination go wild when it comes to religion -LRB- remember this is a work of fiction ! -RRB- then this is a fun , fast paced , and highly enjoyable book to read .
 This is a well written book that deals with the operation and politics of the Catholic Church , and specifically the Vatican .
 Steve Berry combines fact and fiction in his Novels.I have enjoyed all of them , but wish he would leave the explicit sex out of them ; I would like to share this quality of writing with some in their teens.Linda Muir
 Steve Berry has become one of my favourite authors . The Third Secret does not disappoint , Get ready for a thrilling ride .
 I read this book in two days and loved it . What is the Third Secret of Fatima and why did it take the Church so long to release it ? While this is a fiction novel it poses some very intriguing questions about religion , faith and what we are told to believe . Great book for conspiracy theorists , the curious and the faithful .
 This author keeps suspense high . I was surprised that this edition did n't contain the author 's notes available in the large print edition . His notes support thestory .
 I felt this was a great novel for escape . . It took me to places far away , the excitement kept me going , the mystery kept me intrigued , and the knowledge that part of the story had some truths within it kept me from putting it down for very long until it was finished.Succinctly , I enjoyed this read tremendously and will be looking for other Berry books for entertainment.I think many people are jaded by the boob tube and can no longer use their imagination and the words of a writer to allow themselves to be caught up in a story without `` visual '' reproductions on a tv screen . They forget that the `` visual '' of the mind is more powerful and can be more entertaining because it is only limited by themselves , aided by the novelist.Thanks Mr Berry for a thoroughly entertaining read !!!!
 Overall I enjoyed this book until the end , as the `` third secret '' is pretty way out there . Generally though it 's an entertaining thriller , and as a person who starts many books but finishes few , I was satisfied that I stuck this one out until the end . It did get frustrating as it drew on though , as the author got pretty distanced from the subject matter . Every priest in here was doing very un-priestly things . Even the dialog got more sarcastic towards the end , with lots of smart alec jabs tossed about . Do priests really talk that way ? In any case I still enjoyed it and would read another book from this author .
 Berry 's third novel manifests the usual Berry characteristics . He has done extensive research on the inner workings of the Vatican and studied Fatima and related occurences of purported appearances by the Virgin Mary . Berry has said that he seeks to inform as well as entertain ; this was certainly true of his two previous novels which reflected substantial research on Czarist and World War II Russia , and it is true here as well . Another Berry characteristic is that his lead characters almost invariable do actions which are so patently stupid that the reader wants to scream -- but I guess that is how you get a plot . Like his previous novels , the story moves along at a good clip , although at 372 pages the novel struck me as a bit too long . Berry knows how to write good suspense and keep the reader engaged . Serious Catholic readers may not find the novel suitable , since Berry paints a view of the Vatican much akin to that portrayed in `` Godfather III , '' with abundant plots and counter-plots , and clearly makes clear his disagreement with a number of key and currently controversial elements of Vatican policy . Interesting topics handled well and with much skill .
 As a Catholic I guess I could be offended by the `` third secret '' , however I chose to believe that most of the church standings on most issues are man made , not God inspired . I remember as child waiting anxiously for the revelation of the `` third secret '' , when it was announced by John Paul 11 I was disappointed , I expected more ... and that is how the story goes.I have read all 3 of Steve Berry 's books and this is by far his best . But before you get all bent out of shape this , this is just a story , a work of fiction . I really enjoyed it and lovers of historical fiction will too .
 As a Dan Brown fan who had read all of Dan Brown 's books , I was desperate to find another author who wrote in the same style and on the same type of topics . I was not disappointed by Steve Berry.This book grabbed my attention very quickly and I finished it in just under a week because I could not put it down . The characters were developed well and very easy to understand . The subject matter , Marian visions and the future of the Catholic church , were also very well described , even for someone who knows nothing about Catholicism or Marian visions.The plot follows a representative from the Vatican as he searches for answers to the mystery surrounding the final of 3 secrets revealed to a young girl in Portugal years before . This leads to upheaval in the bishop 's life and in the Holy See . A wonderfully taut thriller considering the subject matter . This could have been very dull , but Berry has written a titillating thriller.All in all , this was by far one of my favorite reads . EXCELLENT ! I will be buying and reading all of Steve Berry 's books .
 This is the second Steve Berry novel I have read , and this was certainly better than the Amber Room . The plot is intriguing and the story held my interest through the end of the novel.The downside to this novel is that the Third Secret is n't all that shocking , and for the second straight novel , there 's a five letter word to describe the personality of the lead female character . Is Berry a misogynist or was he going through a divorce while drafting these novels?Also , the antagonists are almost cartoonish . How or why did these individuals become priests in the first place ?
 Steve Berry sure knows how to keep you interested ... and thinking ! Short chapters , vived characterizations , tightly coiled plot . I could n't put it down . While some Catholics might take offense at the unfavorable light shed on the denizens of the Vatican , I found my own faith reaffirmed
 This is a very two-thousand-naughts-ish thriller about the inner world of the Vatican . A German pope , the successor to John Paul II , is driven to suicide amid a crisis of doctrinal politics and revelations of divine will , both exacerbated as far back as the pontificate of Paul VI ; his own successor -- Peter the Roman , no less ! -- ascends through machination and guile , but can not hold on to the apostolic see for more than a few days ; what the heavens above really want is revealed at the end , with no surprise , as extreme liberality the Church has never accepted.As a light but picturesque inner view of the workings of the Vatican , it seems to be as good as anything else . If the author has changed things for his own purposes , he at least admits it in an appendix.As a statement of theology , it is of course exasperating to those that take their catechism too seriously . But what else is new.As a thriller ... well , you can decide for yourself . It held my attention ; I give it a pass.Dan Brown ? Well ... yes , for all the superficial similarities in setup and heterodoxy ; and no . For the very two things I like about it particularly.First , its staying power . Four years after I first read it , here I am thinking about it and in fact reviewing it . Unlike that stuff by the other guy.And second . Is the heterodoxy a strange and poignantly meaningful allegory?Berry 's characterizations at first seem ridiculously out of whack.His German Clement XV , JPII 's immediate successor -LRB- though you have to puzzle it out , it 's nowhere stated quite directly -RRB- , surely can not be the real-life Benedict XVI . Ratzinger the supposed pit-bull of the Holy Office as a meek soul shattered by a revelation of tolerant divine will ? No , I ca n't buy it . Benedict 's core of humanism , utter rationalism , and slight tendencies to liberalism only came out to the world at large after the book was written . Clement must surely be someone else.His Paul VI is a strong ruler , the last strong monarchic pope , an infallible arch-conservative , doctrinally . This can not be
 I loved this book !!!!! I was sorry when it was finished . I love all of Steve Berry 's books , except his newest one The Paris Vendetta . I felt he tried too hard and the story was not as interesting .
 Very interesting book , its the first I read from this author but I liked it a lot . I 'll read other ones .
 This is the first of Steve Berry 's books that I 've read . I liked it so much that I bought all the novels by him that I could lay my hands on -LRB- from my favorite local used books store -RRB- . It is action packed and well researched . I admit that the conclusion of the book seems a bit far fetched . His depiction of the Vatican 's intrigues do not seem very far from the truth though -LRB- except perhaps for the murder parts -RRB- . It is the kind of novel that I find perfect to relax at the end of the day or on vacation .
 Exceptional first novel by author Steve Berry explores various aspects of wisdom and secrets delivered by The Virgin Mary to children throughout the last 200 years , focusing on the third secret of Fatima . While I 've noticed other reviewers suggesting that this novel should be offensive to Christians , I found it respectful and quite appropriate in its handling of faith , revelations and the urging by many Catholics for modernization in doctrine . I will absolutely read this author again , and enjoyed the characters , especially the naughty ones !
 Steve Berry 's `` The Third Secret '' is a blending together of religious fact with fiction to create a creditable thriller based upon doctrines set forth by the Vatican.An appariton of the Virgin Mary observed by 3 peasant children in 1917 Fatima , Portugal and the disclosures made by her form the crux of the plot of the novel . The Virgin purportedly revealed 3 secrets , two of which were revealed by one of the children named Lucia . The third secret , however remained concealed within the walls of the Vatican only observed by papal eyes until its revelation in the year 2000 . Father Colin Michener , papal secretary to present pope Clement XV has served the former Cardinal of Cologne faithfully for years . They forged a father son relationship and Michener was concerned by the popes behavior . Pope Clement had been spending an inordinate amount of time in the Riserva , a Vatican library whose contents were reserved for papal use only . Clement was a progressive pope altering rather than sticking to the old doctrines of the Vatican.Vatican Secretary of State Italian Cardinal Valendrea was at odds with Pope Clement . Having narrowly lost the papacy in the last conclave , Valendrea with lofty aspirations to become pope , favored a return to the princples of the past . Valendrea was a corrupt man using eavesdropping devices he had installed in the Vatican to keep members of the college of cardinals in line.Pope Clement became aware that the third secret of Fatima stored in the Reserva seemed incomplete . He recruited Father Michener to discover the missing segment of the secret by travelling to Romania to speak with a Father Tibor , the original translator of the account of the peasant girl Lucia.Berry leads us on a trail of adventure and intrigue as on one hand the true meaning of the secret is trying to be revealed . At the same time forces lead by the conservative Cardinal Valendrea are attempting to suppress its contents . The plot is at times uneven but the religious history , when woven into the story is fascinating .
 This book has become one of my favorites . If you thought it was terrible then you either skipped pages , dosed off or read it to fast . I savored each word of this book . It is definatly a page turner right from the start . I have become a real fan of Mr. Berry and I have already ordered his newest book from Amazon and it should be in today . I hope he continues to write these types of books . Nothing like stirring the imagination . Just try and remember ... it IS FICTION and just enjoy . 5 stars plus .
 If you enjoyed reading Dan Brown 's `` The Divinci Code '' or `` Angels and Demons '' , you 'll most likely enjoy , Steve Berry 's `` The Third Secret . '' This novel too centers around the Vatican and takes the reader on an interesting and suspenseful ride . Some of the themes and characters are similiar -- such as the history and bureaucracy of the Catholic Church , as well as , the camerlengo , cardinals , and the Pope . But unlike the Brown books -- there is no use of symbology and clues here leading the reader from place to place . Rather it 's more of a novel about tortured souls and broken hearts making some tough choices related to thier vows and responsibilties as they deal with this `` third secret '' from the Virgin Mary . Personally , as a Catholic , I found the Virgin 's revelations at the end of the novel , unrealistic . But overall the book was still a page turner .
 The author brings the the characters into focus and makes us care about them , or detest them . I do n't have much interest in Fatima or the other appearances by Mary , but that is not necessary to enjoy a well researched drama about the oldest continuing institution in history
 I received my order within one week excellent service would definitely recommend and use this vendor again hope this review helps purchasers
 This is a book that makes you stop and think . It 's good to the last page . really enjoyed it . Read the book in two days . Could n't put it down . I enjoyed the ending .
 Love Steve Berry 's work - he always has smoe historical fact that he spins into a fast moving story . I was a left up in the air at the end but it was a good read nevertheless
 Bedtime story for a lesbian feminist ... gay marriage , ordination of women , optional priestly celibacy !!! Never gon na happen in my lifetime . Oh , forgot to mention women 's right to choose
 Steve Berry 's third book reflects an author more comfortable in telling a story . This increasingly popular novelist has developed a narrative style that allows the reader to ponder the material , yet experience recreational pleasure as well.In the prologue , a child named Lucia has just experienced her third now-famous vision of the Virgin Mary at Fatima.In response to questions from bystanders , Lucia explains , `` It 's a secret and the Lady told us not to tell . '' And it is that very secret , as well as the part of the secret the church does not reveal , that will keep a reader awake into the wee hours , turning the pages with expectation.All the characters in this book are more interesting and more rounded , especially the women . Even the sinister candidate for pope , Valendrea , comes around to grace , although it is a minimal sort of grace . Two central characters who have a past together , Colin Michener and Katerina Lew , undertake a journey that is not only physical but also spiritual . In the final pages , the narrator slips into Colin 's voice . `` He knew , '' goes the passage , `` that of the thousands gathered around him , only he and Katerina truly understood . God was alive . He was there . Listening . `` The Third Secret entangles interesting characters in a web of deceit and a journey towards truth . That it may offend some because of the plot resolution comes as no surprise . But history supports bloodshed and strife not only in the Catholic faith , but in denominations that comprise every other major religion . History also supports a record of the subordination of women . Each major religion 's dependence on women as childbearers , propagators of the future faithful , is well-documented . The novel also explores peripheral issues such as a person of color becoming pope.What is also inspiring to me as a reader with diverse interests and a curious rather than myopic intellect , involves the fact that only in a free country could a book like this be written . In a country where freedom of thought and expression is not allowed , such a book might be banned because those with power might place their own ideologies above those of the populace . That we have freedom of expression regarding religion is , in my opinion , one of the most important freedoms we have , considering our country was founded upon that basis.The Writer 's Note at the end offers information on both facts and fictions . Secrets , mysticism , history and a just-plain-good tale entwine in a book that inspires musing after the covers are closed . You ca n't ask much more than that from a novelist .
 The Florida Times-Union describes The Third Secret as `` seamlessly weaving history and fiction '' , and Steve Berry does an extraordinary job of doing just that.The Third Secret begins almost one hundred years ago , in Fatima , Portugal . There , three young children are supposedly visited by an apparition of the Virgin Mary who entrusts to them three secrets , which can not be revealed until the Lady deems it time.Fast-forward to the modern-day Vatican . Clement XV is Pope . The story focuses on Papal secretary Father Colin Michener , and his concern for the Pope , who has suddenly become strangely obsessed with researching Marian appearances ... specifically Fatima . He sends Father Michener to speak with an old priest in Romania , and suddenly Michener finds himself thrown into the middle of a mystery that generations of Popes have buried deep within the Vatican 's private archives . Add to the mix the return of the woman Michener once loved , causing him to question his faith and the Church , and would-be-Pope Cardinal Valendrea , who seems to be just as interested in what is hidden in the archives , and you find yourself immersed in suspicion , speculation and of course ... the third secret . What Michener eventually discovers is a revelation that will change the world 's view of God , religion and the Church.I had a bit of trouble getting into The Third Secret at first , perhaps because I was not familiar with the history behind the Lady of Fatima . It did n't take more than a few chapters , though , before I found myself completely intrigued and wanting to know more.Berry is an excellent character writer . Each introduction of a new character left me with an almost immediate visual of that person , along with a strong emotional attachment ... like , dislike , respect , sympathy , disbelief . I found myself really pulling for the `` good guys '' and actively wanting to see the `` bad guys '' fail.At the end of the book are Writers Notes , where Berry explains the history behind the story and highlights the points where he moved from history to fiction . I was really pleased to read this - like I said , I knew next to nothing about Marian appearances or the history surrounding them before reading this book . While I would n't recommend reading this section first due to possible spoilers , I do wish that I had done a bit of research after reading the prologue and before delving into the rest of the book . While reading , I found that I spent quite a bit of time speculating as to whether such-and-such actually supposedly happened , or whether Berry was creating the scenarios out of his own imagination . While it did n't take away from the overall experience of the story , I found my own ignorance to be a bit distracting.Overall an excellent read which I totally recommend .
 Steve Berry , in a most ingenious way , guides us through the human weaknesses of key players in the Vatican . I found his portrayal more truth than fiction and quite spellbounding . One wonders , after reading this superb Novel , how the Vatican has survived . It appears that survival is guided by the Hand of God and not the human beings working there .
 This was the first book of Steve Berry 's that I read . I enjoyed reading it enough that I bought his other books .
 Having just witnessed the death of Pope John Paul II , the Third Secret gives us an inside look at what could take place within the church . Having written that a German pope would hold the seat of Saint Peter for a short length of time ; and that a African cardinal would be in the running at a future conclave , leads us on in thinking could this have taken place ? Many of the characters were complex in nature , strong , and yet very vulnerable . The story excels when the focus is on Colin Michener and Katerina Lew . Eyewitness accounts of the appearances of the Virgin Mary at Fatima and Medjugorje , Bosnia are intertwined with the love story of Colin and Kate , and Cardinal Valendrea 's murderous rise to power . Great entertainment , destined for the movies .
 This book is a great read for anyone , but even better with a background in religion . It has great factual basis yet spins a great fiction book that readers will enjoy . < < spoiler >> great timing too due to a new pope taking office , as well as Catholic issues with marriage , children , etc in the news . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed Dan Browns books , and would encourage readers to check out Steve Berry 's other novels .
 What if the third secret of the miracle of Fatima would upset the Catholic Church as we know it ? That is the premise of Steve Berry 's take on Vatican politics , papal infallacy and faith itself . Some Catholics may take much offense at the way the pope and the cardinals are portrayed , as truly there are some evil ones in this book . There is blackmail , murder , lies and deception and the overall portrait of the church is certainly not a pretty one . Father Colin Michener , who is secretary to Pope Clement XIV is sent on a mysterious mission to uncover the facts behind Marian visitations . He is joined by an old lover , an atheist reporter named Katherine Lew , and finds himself in danger at every turn . Much information is given on the miracle at Fatima and the mechanism behind the election of a new Pope . The writing is good and the plot holds your interest . Issues of celibacy , homosexuality , abortion are all addressed . A thought provoking if somewhat disturbing read .
 I have read 3 of Steve Berry 's books , and downloaded this one because I wanted another one as soon as possible . Really like this aurthoe
 I am a big Steve Berry fan and have read all of his books . This one is controversial and makes you think about thesubject . Very well written and I look forward to reading his future books .
 Another Steve Berry masterpiece , well researched and really makes you wonder '' could it be true '' . I like the way he leave 's you looking into the future .
 One of Steven Berry 's Great Character developments.The plot line was very well thought and holds your interest from page to page .
 This Berry book is a wonderful adventure ... easy and exciting ... as are all his books . He starts slow ... puts in the detail that keeps you engrossed .
 Amazing and amusing . The plot is very well written . Could ' t stop reading . historic and fictional facts are enterwined , making the book really fascinating .
 It 's a well plotted book . One person said , it was contrived . All books are , thrillers more so . But the way he keeps you guessing with his twists is great . His characters , while not being wholly round , were well constructed & consistent -- especially for a thriller.This is my first Steve Berry book ; it wo n't be my last .
 A great blend of page-turning thriller-action and thoughtful reflection on the state and history of the Catholic church . The craze for books like The Da Vinci Code has mostly died down , but this novel reminded me of why I jumped on that bandwagon in the first place . There is just enough there to make me stop and think about my own faith and beliefs and to keep me engaged with that aspect of the tale , and there is just enough action to keep me turning pages . The writing is sound enough that I truly cared about what was happening , not just for myself but for the characters involved . Really , Berry is a master of that blend , and I especially enjoyed the challenge to reflect in the context of the novel 's action .
 I have to say that I really really enjoyed this book . As soon as I was finished I drove over to my parents house to give it to them to read!There are some many mysteries surrounding the sightings of Mary , the mother of Jesus and putting them into this book with its conspiracy plot was magic . Although it puts some aspects of the Catholic Church in a bad light -LRB- and I 'm Catholic -RRB- , it is a work of fiction to be enjoyed on that level ! I hope to read any other books by Steve Berry as I 'm sure that they will be as wonderful as this was !
 I picked up this novel during an airport layover and finished it in a couple of days . I was raised Catholic and thoroghly enjoyed it . I 'd never really understood Fatima , Lourdes , etc , and found that history to be facinating . I plan upon reading Steve Berry 's other books . Highly recommended !
 Taking his cue from Dan Brown , Steve Berry moves from the Russian themes of his first two novels to the intrigues of the Vatican for his third , The Third Secret . The influence of his expertise on Russia & Eastern Europe is still felt in his elucidation of the secrets of Fatima and scenes in Romania and Bosnia but this is a very different novel than he 's written previously.Like The Romanov Prophecy , this novel is set in an imaginary near future where Pope John Paul 's successor is Clement XV , a progressive German pope who is looking to understand the third secret of Fatima . According to Berry 's premise , the third secret supposedly revealed by John Paul is not , in fact , the message -- or not the entire message -- left by the Virgin . Clement is helped in this task by Msgr. Colin Michener , loyal but haunted by his past . Then , Michener 's quest is hampered when Clement dies by his own hand and the ultra-conservative Alberto Cardinal Valendrea becomes pope.Let me leave it there . It would be unfair to give away much more . Needless to say , what remains to unfold and be revealed is the ultimate dream of progressive Catholics everywhere . Pure fantasy ? Certainly . Fun for a Catholic who dreams of a Church rocked to its foundations by a voice from heaven speaking directly to every problem the Church has ? Absolutely.Still , it is worth noting that , though Dan Brown may be the guiding force behind this novel , The Third Secret is nowhere near as controversial as The DaVinci Code ; mainly , because Brown 's novel speaks to the basic tenets of Catholicism while Berry 's novel speaks to religious practice -- controversial in its own way but less so . Berry also has eliminated from this novel some of the things that plagued his first two ; in particular , the body count here is low and handled realistically.Overall , it remains difficult to say whether or not this novel is fundamentally any better than his previous two novels . And yet , it seems more sound in many basic ways and less taxing on the suspension of disbelief once you accept the basic premise . To be honest , for a progressive Catholic reader , it 's just more interesting and fun , a great read . A subjective analysis , to be sure , but an honest one .
 This book is a great time filler for those of you waiting for the next Dan Brown novel . It is full of historical and geographical references -LRB- which I enjoy -RRB- and has a few unexpected plot twists . I did find it less intense than Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons , but still a good read . I enjoyed the intrigue of the story , the underlying questioning of the rigidity of the Catholic Church in modern times , and the fact that it had less graphic violence that Brown 's novels .
 The book was purchased at a great price , like new and I was able to make sure it had all the info I needed for a certification and more .
 Nice book , comes with CD containing sample questions for ASQ Black Belt Certification exam
 I read this book and used it has my main referenc when taking the ASQ blackbelt test . I found it to go along very well with the test and almost everything I needed to look up was in this book .
 When I searched the title for this book , they were offering many new books at a used price . The book I got was in great condition , and got to me within 3 days . It 's worth the buy !
 The idea that the events of September 11 , 2001 might be a link in a chain leading to a third world war is not unheard of these days . While even the bravest scholar of Nostradamus shudders at the thought of actually living through his end of time predictions , it nevertheless behooves us to pay close attention to what the prophet had to say about the possible apocalypse lurking somewhere in our near future.In `` Nostradamus
 Obviously we live in troubled times . Many are unable to confront the tragic events that recently took place . Others feel it very important that they know what is ahead for all of us . If you are of like mind you will want to read NOSTRADAMUS PREDICTIONS OF WORLD WAR III . It contains a host of material from the seers earlier prophecies right on through to the third anti christ who is said to be living in the Middle East . Does this book have all the answers ??? Probably not , but the author does delve into the meaning of Nostradamus words as well as bringing in the visions of other seers from our current era . And , in addition , there are other things besides predictions of World War III to contemplate -- even an invasion from space .
 Another interesting book about Nostradamus and his predictions about WWIII . It is wothwhile reading but believing ??? everything . It is well explained that the verses that Nostradums wrote are matter of interpretation .
 I am seriously convinced that George W. Bush is the Third Anti-Christ . Nostradamus was just a few years off on this one !
 This is an excellent book for anyone who dreams of being a veterinarian , like me . The book talks about all types of different veterinarians , such as holistic , large animal , small animal , and more . This is a great book and a must read for anyone interested in going into the veterinary field .
 My daughter enjoyed this book -LRB- age 7 -RRB- . She wants to be a vet when she grows up . Informational without being scary .
 This is a perfect book for any animal lover and future vet , like me.I learned a lot from this book . Very good book for vets .
 considering that i want to be a vet , i guess you could say that any book i read is `` outstanding '' , but i really give this book nothing but loud cheers for the way it makes you almost `` weak '' i love animals so much and i always watch `` Emergency Vets '' on Animal Planet and i even volunteer at an animal hospital in La Jolla , Ca . i love being around animals , and my dream is to be a vet . i want to thank you for this outstanding book , i loved it !
 I purchased this book for my cousins son . On our last visit he stated that he wanted to become a vet . Well ... this book has him dreaming about it more and more each day . Go get em Sean !
 I had to do a 100 note card report on a ocupation that you want to be , and you had to have three different sources . I did about 75 % of the note cards using just this book . It 's a great book to read and to do reports . Highly recomended .
 My 8 year old daughter wants to be a vet . this was a truly wonderful book . She is engaged in reading and is fiding out all the options available for the field . strongly recommend
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I read this to my pets and they loved it . I think it was good because people were working with animals to help them , not to get alot of money . It should be great for people like you !! : -RRB-
 I gave this as a gift to my friends daughter after my granddaughter received one for Christmas . Both girls loved it as they both hope to be a vet when they grow up . My granddaughter has re-read it several times and hopes to get more in the future . They are easy to read and contain information on many areas of that career . Thanks .
 This was a gift for my niece , so I do not know if it is good or not , but she liked it
 Received the product as stated within the description and shipped earlier than anticipated ! My children love it and keeps them engaged and wanting to play more ! Thank-You !
 Both my daughter -LRB- who wants to be a veterinarian -RRB- and myself like the content of the book a lot . It covers the different types of vets , the training involved , specialties , equipment , a typical day of a vet , etc. . However , the pages are jammed pack with sidebars and pictures to the point where it gets a little distracting . I would have liked a more personal view - more vets writing in the first person perhaps , or FAQ type things that would make the material more palatable for the age group it is targeted to . But overall , a good book .
 I really liked this book because I like animals , and I really do want to be a veteranarian ! READ THIS BOOK !!!
 Very good book for those who are younger
 My 8 year old daughter could n't put this down . She hid it so that I could n't return it to the library . Although the `` baby '' in our house is now 4 years old , my daughter could still relate to Dilly 's feelings . This book is a fun way to explore babies and the feelings a sibling may experience when one lands on your doorstep . The drawings and `` notations '' were witty and my daughter thought the diary concept was cool . This book would be appropriate for a higher age level than recommended . My daughter plans to give it as a gift to a nine year old friend who is expecting a new baby in her household .
 I bought this book from Amazon sight unseen because my 4 year old is now a big sister . I was very pleasantly surprised with the clever design , humor , and fun colorful illustrations drawn by ` Dilly ' . It is really aimed at older children -LRB- maybe 7-11 -RRB- , especially the humor which is right on for that age . It is great for younger kids too if you do n't mind your 4 year picking up expressions like ` gross me out ' and ` punky ' -LRB- which are now common expressions in our house -RRB- . My daughter is an early reader and this book motivates her to read independently or at least pore over the pictures a lot . I look forward to the sequel re . Dilly 's camping experiences .
 I love this book ! It is so clever -- it is designed like a notebook , and the idea is that Dilly 's mom gave it to her when the baby was born so that she could have a place to write her feelings about being a big sister . This book is not sappy ; rather , it 's realistic . At the beginning , Dilly does n't like the new baby , but by the time he 's a year old , she loves him ! The drawings -LRB- a la Dilly -RRB- are hilarious -- this is the kind of book that has jokes for the parents and for the kids.My daughter will definitely enjoy this book when she 's a big sister someday ! Even better , I 'll love reading it with her .
 What a great book ! Very informative and enjoyable for kids as well as for adults . Our children loved the different exercises , the interesting facts and the photos throughout the book . It made our vacation a lot more interesting and educational , which is exactly what we wanted . The kids are taking the book to school to show their classmates and teachers . We highly recommend this great book!Hope to see one on U.S. National Parks soon!Ed & Colleen Garcia
 My seven year old had a great time iwth this book . It helped her get excited about our trip to Washington , made the tirp more meaningful to her , and has her looking forward to our next visit . Definitely a keeper !
 I really enjoy the book.I 'm a Nine year old girl and I will be visiting WAshington D. C. with my family this summer . I thought the book was very interesting because it told me everything you can see in the city . It has really good pictures of things you can find . It has great maps , pockets for stamps and envelopes , and other lose items.It had very good background information . It has made me excited about my trip .
 I took my GS Service Unit to DC and also our 5th graders over spring break !! To help make the trip `` educational '' as well as fun - this book is like a journal where the students can keep all their tickets , maps , flyers , and information in one little holder . When the parents ask the kids what they saw and did - the kids can pull this out and SHOW the parents and REVIEW what they did !! Excellent visual - up to date - and instead of asking what 's this place is about -- there is a short write up about each place they will visit.Also wonderful for families going on vacation -- the kids love it !
 The League of Peoples series featurs an incredibly rich universe populated by aliens who run the gamut from unthinkably complex to truly alien to almost human . It 's a fantastic series -- one of my favorites -- and I would n't hesitate to recommend to anyone with even a passing interest in science fiction.Expendable is the first of the League of Peoples books . It introduces Festina Ramos , the main recurring character in the series , and Oar , the main character of Ascending -LRB- a later book in the series -RRB- . Expendable also serves as a good introduction to the series ' universe -LRB- the Explorer Corp. , that humans are small fry in the universal pecking order , that non-sentients ca n't leave their home solar system , etc. -RRB- . It 's a good book -- it got me hooked on the series -- and is a logical place to start reading . That said , it is n't as good as the later books .
 _ Expendable _ by James Alan Gardner has an unusual premise . In the twenty-fifth century life is fantastic , people just about live forever thanks to YouthBoost and with advanced medical technology and quick responses , just about no one ever dies -LRB- at least violently -RRB- . Except for members of the Explorer Corps.In a perfect world of perfect people , some just do n't fit . They have some deformity , maybe a malformed hand or arm , a bizarre and startling facial birthmark , some sort of birth defect involving their ear lobes or hair . With most people in the Technocracy , these problems are usually fixed but for a small portion of the population , these defects are seen to have national security benefits . If the defect is not debilitating or life threatening -LRB- merely mildly inconvenient or just unsightly -RRB- , if the person is otherwise capable and intelligent , efforts on the part of that person to have that defect surgically altered are quietly blocked behind the scenes . That person is groomed for the only position that is open to them , the Explorer Corps.The powers that be , the admirals of the Fleet , concluded long ago that the loss of a crewmember was devastating to the ship 's personnel , as it required days if not weeks of mourning , loss of readiness , and generally made for an unwanted distraction . However , if the person killed was one people were uncomfortable around , who was a social outcast , who while not hated was maybe pitted instead , well , it was too bad if that person was lost in the line of duty exploring some hostile alien planet , but the crew would say a few words , have a short memorial service , and then be talking about what was for dinner afterwards.The Explorer Corps , while highly trained , very capable and intelligent individuals , were made of just these misfits . Though officially highly valued -LRB- the chief protagonist in the book , Explorer First Class Festina Ramos , is on the books second in command only to the captain of the vessel she served on , the _ Jacaranda _ -RRB- , they were pretty much social outcasts , often making other members of the fleet uncomfortable , usually clinging together with other explorers or eating alone in their rooms . The Explorers well knew not only their social position in the scheme of things but also how the Fleet ultimately saw them . Their name for themselves was ECM , standing for Expendable Crew Member . Their job was to explore alien planets , relaying what they saw back to the vessel . While many worlds turned out to be safe or even boring places to explore , a great many explorers have lost their lives , going `` oh sh ** ! '' as the Explorers say among themselves , an acknowledgment of common last recorded words of many an Explorer as they met their demise.Festina Ramos and her partner , Yarrun Derigha , had done pretty well as Explorers - i.e. not having been killed in the line of duty - but one day an apparently very unstable Admiral Chee is escorted aboard with sealed orders , orders for the two them to accompany the admiral to the planet Melaquin , the `` Planet of No Return , '' a graveyard for dozens of Explorers , most of whom died in ten minutes or less on the planet for reasons unknown . Though the planet looked very Earth-like to automated probes sent before each Explorer expedition , something on the planet killed people off in minutes . Was it disease , hostile aliens , some bizarre and undetected weather phenomenon ? No one knew , but Festina knew she and Yarrun were going there.Oh , and they are n't allowed anything more powerful than a stun gun . See , in this setting the League of Peoples is the ultimate big brother . A diverse and for all practical purposes omnipresent and omniscient organization made up of not only `` normal '' corporeal sentient races like humans but also of many powerful energy beings , the League monitors all space flights . While weapons are allowed on a race 's homeworld , they are not allowed to leave the atmosphere of that world . Further , those who have committed murder , ordered deaths , allowed murder to be committed , or knowingly aided murderers -LRB- what the League calls `` unsentient acts '' -RRB- are stopped cold . Depending on the situation , the League 's instant reactions can vary from stopping the heart of a murderer to destroying outright an entire ship.I wo n't say anything more about the book , but it was well-written and a fast read . The big secret of Melanquin was interesting and tied in well with the League , the Explorer Corps , and secrets held by the highest levels of the Technocracy . An enjoyable book , it reminded me in some ways of some of the Golden Age of science fiction novels with it sense of wonder and wide-open possibilities .
 Festina & Admiral Chee make a great pair of characters in the start of the book . I wish this sort of duo could have continued longer than it had . The humor which was replaced with this duo was n't as effective . Melaquin seems like an ideal place to settle if it was n't for the myth surrounding the place . The follow through of adventure was well done but some of the ideas kind of boring , unadventurous . However , the entire idea of Expendables is hilarious and sad at the same time .
 but interesting and pretty good . I really enjoyed this book much to my own suprise as I thought it was going in a very boring direction in the middle , but the author did n't let me down and it got very interesting after this point . This book is about hte Expendable Crew Members , people in society that do n't look normal and cause the crew less distress is they are lost on hostile missions . The concept and writing style are original and interesting , which would be enough for most readers . The pace is good , not overly fast , not too slow . I enjoyed the way the subchapters were set up and titled , it added a lot of humor to the story . Coming from a time of imperfection I found it a little hard to believe that all the normal people felt completely horrified by people some of the lesser abnormalities , such as the main characters strawberry birthmark . I gave the author the benifit of the doubt , however , and really enjoyed the book . It is solid sci-fi that also has a good sense of humor , which I always appreciate . I would suggest giving it a try .
 James Alan Gardner is one of those authors that likes to get right to the meat of things . He gives ample descriptions of the characters and their surroundings , but does n't bore you to death with minute details that have little bearing on the story as a whole . Festina Ramos is one of the most original and entertaining protaganists ever to be put to paper . Even without 4 chapters of back story her subtle intricacies and social shortcomings are clear and believable . The character of Oar is one of the most hilarious and original ideas to grace a Sci-Fi novel since the heyday of RAH -LRB- Robert Heinlein -RRB- . I read this book at the behest of a good friend and was hooked on Gardner ever since . While his stories lack the infusion of science fact that are the trademarks of true masters of sci-fi his debut novel is entertaining and memorable .
 James Alan Gardner is one of my new favorite authors . In Expendable , he has created a new and exciting universe peopled by characters who breathe and live between the pages . Some aspects of this book were predictable . However , it is still a page turner.I found it interesting that he wrote this book from the viewpoint of a female . It is written in first person perspective.The book is also a study of human nature and behavior . It has some funny bits , some poignant bits and a lot of great imagery . This is an excellent book . Honestly , it is one of the best `` first '' books I have read.Right after this book , I read `` Commitment Hour '' also by this author . Gardner 's second book , it is also well worth checking out , if you can get past the premise . I 'll also write a review about that book .
 THis is not a hard science book but it is great . It is very original and suprisingly funny and frank . I have never enjoyed a science fiction book as I did this one . The enviroment is strange and fun , the characters are enjoyable and the story line moves accordingly . OK the word for this bookENJOYABLE !
 This book was compelling and very well written.I think Gardner has the right blend of depth of characters and plot to keep things moving along at a good pace and his novels frequenlty build to wonderfully exciting climaxes.I heartily recommend this book .
 This book simply changed the way I looked at books . I ca n't describe how it changed me , but let 's just say I found myself saying `` That 's what ` expendable ' means , '' daily .
 I loved this story about a future in which the expolorers are all slightly deformed , so that they wo n't be missed when they die . A ridiculous premise , of course ! But it makes for a wonderful group of characters . And I loved the thought of universe in which anyone who kills another is labelled `` nonsensient '' and can no longer travel . This is just a fine old fashioned science fiction yarn . I recommend it highly .
 ... I do find the idea of whether the League would not figure out the `` non-sentient '' practice of dumping off people on a hostile planet to get rid of them a bit `` off '' -LRB- if they even know when you intend to kill , would n't they know what the Admirality was up to , and want to stop it ? -RRB- I also am not sure about the practice of picking the unattractive to be expendable -- Festina is genetically engineered to have a big old birthmark that makes her troublesome and therefore expendable . These are potentially interesting ideas that could be explored to great effect -- and at first , I thought Gardner was going to really wow me . But the last half of the book does end with more of a whimper than a bang -- and I do n't think that anyone really grows or changes , least of all the Earth folks who do n't have to take responsibility for what they 've been doing.It 's a good , quick read , and do n't get me wrong , I did enjoy it . But what sci fi does best is take an already existing condition and make us think about it in a new way that changes some of us ... and I think what this book does more of is reinforce things we already know about ourselves without really questioning the big underlying assumptions . The human race can be big jerks sometimes -- so what does the humble explorer do about it ?
 I 'm getting tired of wading through these novels where the main antagonist is incredibly annoying , but left in the plot because there 'd be no reason to continue writing without him -LRB- or her -RRB- . So you just sit there and get annoyed by the character until the book - mercifully - ends.Expendible is not one of these books . The characters are strange but never annoying . If nothing else , they 're human without resorting to extremes . The book reads very quickly and cleanly.You 'd be inclined to think it 's fluff , since it does read well , but there 's actually quite a bit of food for thought in there and some very interesting insight into human nature . Go read it now .
 I 've only just gotten back into reading sci-fi books , and I have to say that this was an interesting story . The characters lead a sad life , but of course all is vindicated in the end . The plot took a twist after they landed on `` the planet '' -LRB- one that I was n't expecting , I might add -RRB- , then it became somewhat political , but I still enjoyed it . I 'll more than likely read the other books that are part of the series .
 EXPENABLE I thought was a very good book . I normally do n't like science fiction but James Alan Gardner is a very good author . EXPENDABLE is truly one of the best books I 've ever read .
 Mr. Gardner 's storytelling style is well-designed to produce a quick , exciting read . This is one of those rare books that had me up at 3 a.m. finishing it . The mini-chapter within chapter format is at times annoying and at other times intruiging . Overall , this contributes positively to the character development and pace of the story . I 'll watch for more of Gardner 's work .
 I would reccomend this book to anyone who dosent mind alota cussing in books . The carecters are very creative . And they all are very colorful -- with one exception ... -LRB- youll know what i mean when you read the book -RRB- The book is funny , and sad all at the same time . You can understand their point of view . You have a hard time putting it down . I am 13 and read this book as a sugestion from a friend . If its the last book you ever read , go for it . its a wonderful book , and a wonderful author . From , Natasha
 This first person narrative of an Explorer , a member of an outcast corps considered expendable because of their physical disabilities , was outstanding . Not only was it a great story which kept me reading until the end , but an insightful commentary on how a society labels and creates `` throw-aways '' . It is a courageous book that never fails to address important issues as they arise in the minds of the characters . As a disabled reader who daily confronts challenges created by others more than by my disability , I commend the author for his sensitive portrayal of the main character and the wonderful ending .
 SF is an excellent vehicle to explore aspects of our human nature or of human society . Expendable examines the definition of `` humanness '' , the nature of bigotry , and the underpinnings of official corruption . The author creates a future in which people with appropriate physical defects are denied available medical care , and become second class citizens assigned to unpleasant and ultimately dangerous work as Explorers in the human interstellar fleet . Explorers make first contact with aliens and sometimes fall victim to injury or death due to misunderstandings . Because Explorers are physically unattractive , other members of the interstellar fleet can accept death or injury of these people -LRB- or almost people , in their eyes -RRB- more easily . A dark secret is that the Admiralty uses an apparently hospitable planet as a dumping ground for undesirables , since for unknown reasons , no one apparently survives or returns.Gardner creates an interesting tale that has moral underpinnings without preaching to the reader . The book is well-written and flows nicely . He builds smoothly to a climax and the characters , including some distinctly alien beings , are people who you care about . I did wonder why the marooned Explorers , who have no close attachments in the way of family or friends , are so anxious to return to an institutionally corrupt society that has discarded them . A nice Earth-like world where one could live in peace seemed a pretty good alternative .
 I read this book because it was on a list of books with strong female characters . I was not disappointed , and I found myself thinking that perhaps I had misjudged science fiction . The plot revolves around the concept that people get upset if attractive people are killed on dangerous missions , but no-one really cares about unattractive or physically flawed people . So although the technology is there to correct birth defects and other physical problems -LRB- such as stammering , obesity , or birthmarks -RRB- , certain children are left with their physical problem uncorrected and raised to be `` explorers '' , so that if they die on a mission of interplanetary exploration , there wo n't be a public outcry or grief . These people are expendable , and no-one will notice they 've died , except for other explorers , who will respond with their motto -- `` That 's what expendable means . '' They have been raised from early childhood and specially trained to sacrifice themselves . These `` explorers '' simultaneously think of themselves as superior and inferior -- `` real people '' , as they call them , are shallow and weak , and yet they envy `` real people . '' This whole concept raises questions about the value placed on physical perfection by our society and what it means to be someone who ca n't meet those standards.The main character , Festina Ramos , is a female explorer sent on a suicide mission to a planet from which no explorer has ever returned . She and her partner are being sacrificed as part of a larger plot to deal with another undesirable of society . Needless to say , the planet turns out to be inhabited . Festina sets off on a long adventure of survival . I really could n't put the book down , and I particularly recommend it to those who are interested in strong , capable female protaganists .
 I was suprised at how much I enjoyed this book . It was well-written , with a very interesting plot . But what won me over was Gardner 's ability to create a realistic , heroic , kick-@%% female character . This is an extremely rare ability for writers in any genre , and is enough to recommend this novel even without its other outstanding qualities . The constant sarcasm is a wonderful touch , and the outcast Explorers will appeal to any other cynics out there . But Gardner 's real twist is that he manages to sneak something close to optimism in there without anybody noticing . Very sneaky . Very good novel .
 Expendable is an absolute brilliant novel ; that it is the debut novel for James Alan Gardner makes it even more spectacular.Many science-fiction novels , television series , and films present the future as something which should be desired by the people of our present time . Expendable , however , shows the future as not-so-desirable in two pertinent ways
 I found the basic concept of this book , that particularly ugly members of our future technocracy are considered expendable , to be patently untenable . Perhaps that 's just wishful thinking on my part and Gardner has it right - alas!As we progress in this , Festina Ramos ' absorbing adventure , we befriend a number of well fleshed out and interesting characters . I admit to feeling that the characterization , as the plot , was a bit heavy handed , but I certainly enjoyed it.Swept along in her discovery of the secrets of the exile planet Melaquin , Festina gradually loses everything that she holds dear . She remains firmly rooted in her distinct personality , however , and finally triumphs in a most unexpected way.This book , like many of my favorites , did n't end as I turned the last page . Even now , mulling over it to write this review , I am struck by new realizations of the deeper purpose and meaning of Melaquin , that ... . Noooooo , you 'll have to read it yourself.Bravo James Alan Gardner , and thank you . I 'll certainly look for more Festina and more Gardner .
 Festina Ramos is an Explorer , one of the ranks of the ECMs -LRB- Expendable Crew Members -RRB- , who are chosen for dangerous missions because they are not physically appealing . The League of Peoples ensures that life is sacred and that there 's no war and little crime . Festina , who is also bisexual -LRB- although this has nothing to do with her status as an Explorer -RRB- , finds that she and her partner have been chosen to go to Melaquin , the planet from which no Explorer has ever returned . Festina is not amused and is determined to survive . Melaquin is apparently the dumping ground for undesirable personnel -LRB- like crazed Admirals who refuse to retire -RRB- and for various Explorers . Upon landing on Melaquin , Festina finds it 's not unlike how Earth used to be . And the similarities only get stronger . And weirder . Did the Explorers who arrived before her and her partner survive ? If so , where are they ? `` Expendable '' is a captivating story full of whimsical and sarcastic humor , as well as intriguing social commentaries . It 's a fascinating adventure for Festina and the reader who 's plunging along , fully involved . I wavered rating the book either 4 or 5 , and finally settled on 4 because it does end as one would expect , but that did n't disappoint me in any fashion . Instead it made me want to read more and find out what happens in the next book .
 James Alan Garner is remarkable . He 's created a story in such a tired out genre , and warped into something that is enjoyable and readable.Those who may think the primise of the book is too simplistic will quickly find out how well this story has been written . It displays the main characters ' dilemma in dealing with who she is as a person ... a ` expendable ' person , who is trapped on a planet that was supposed to kill her . What happens after brings the reader into this world she 's in -- and what troubles being someone that noone wants to mind losing brings to those people.Why ca n't all sci-fi novels be like this ? God , I ca n't wait for his next book -LRB- after ` Commitment Hour ' -RRB- . I 'm not worthy !
 WOW ! I 'd constantly seen this book in stores and read the short synopsis in the back but I figured it would probably be a bore . Then one day I finally decided to check it out and I was extremely surprised . So much of science fiction books nowadays try to be difficult and impend some sort of sciecne fictional philosophy on the reader just to confuse and bore the reader -LRB- I could give some examples but I would n't LOL ! -RRB- all at once . EXPENDABLE is a novel in which you find yourself hooked with the main character -LRB- s -RRB- . The style of Gardner 's writing is great . There 's not a dull moment . If so , it so the characters will develop more . A treat that 's very rare . Read it now ! Enjoy it ! And thank me later !
 James Alan Gardner 's EXPENDABLE is a full-bodied SF tale set in a somewhat mysterious but fully developed universe . Hard SF is melded flawlessly with sociological SF to create a lively universe that is not just a rehash of the usual alien or galactic empire setting.Within a universe ruled and monitored by the shadowy League of Sentient Beings , humans are permitted to expand their dominion as long as they behave in a sentient manner -- that is , they do n't kill other sentient beings or each other . Other space-faring species have been declared non-sentient and have had their space exploration privledges revoked by the League . But the human Technocracy seems to have found a loophole , a deadly planet called Melaquin . Undesireables , especially undesirable admirals and officials , get assigned to `` explore '' this death planet . Of course , they must be accompanied by trained Explorers , who are all considered `` Expendable '' because of their various physical defects.The heroine of the novel is an Explorer , who , of course , is assigned to accompany a senile admiral to Melaquin . That 's when the adventure begins . EXPENDABLE is a refreshing SF novel that blends the broad sweep of Asimov 's FOUNDATION series with the philosophical-ethical introspection of Huxley 's BRAVE NEW WORLD.Vincent Miskell is a SF writer whose short fiction has appeared in ROSEBUD , MILLENNIUM , and in the SF anthology , THE AGE OF WONDERS . His novelette Godspeed Inc. .
 The overall plot is n't entirely believable , but it 's science fiction so you 're used to that . The story is well told , with an attitude , and I enjoyed reading it . Far better than a lot of what 's out there these days .
 A fast-paced adventure with just the right mix of new ideas , exotic concepts , and action . The type of book that one can easily read in one sitting ; entertaining , intelligent , thought-provoking without being a drag , action-packed but not mindless.The silly premise -LRB- read the excerpt -RRB- is that a government conspiracy keeps deformed people from being cured , so that these unattractive individuals can be used as expendable explorers . Geeze , I doubt we 'll every have a shortage of unattractive people -LRB- beauty is a relative concept -RRB- - take a look out of a your window and you 'll agree . But this silly premise -LRB- with accompanying conspiracy theories and odd portrayals of society -RRB- is easily ignored by the reader.As with many novels these days , the heroine has a Tragic Past and is the Victim of A Social Injustice - in her case , an unsightly birthmark . Thus the protagonist does her requisite amount of complaining about her lot in life . Fortunately , this ritual denouncement of social injustice is not intrusive -LRB- and it is a lot more pleasant to hear her complain about her birthmark than the usual writer 's crutch of child abuse , incest , and alcoholism -RRB- .
 I found this book by luck ; it was misplaced on a bookstore shelf . First , I liked the use of a person of color as the protagonist
 Gardner manages several things incredibly well here
 THIS A STIRRING SF ADVENTURE THAT PITS A MEMORABLEHEROINE , FESTINA RAMPOS AGAINST A STRANGE ANDDEADLY WORLD WHICH SHE IS STRANDED ON . IN THE 25THCENTURY THERE IS NO WAR , CRIME OR POVERTY BUT IFYOU ARE DEFORMED , CRIPPLED YOU ARE PROBABLY AEXPLORER SENT TO DIFFERENT WORLDS AND YOUR LIFEIS NOT WORTH VERY MUCH . THIS NOVEL OF ADVENTUREAND DISCOVERY WAS FASCINATING AND FESTINA WASA HEROINE YOU CAN EASILY ROOT FOR .
 This book surprised me . For being one of Gardner 's first books , its a great one . He tosses around tons of different concepts and ideas with ease . He paints a vivid picture of of a universe in which `` The Technocracy '' regulates lifeform 's behavior by eliminating all of the non-sentients . This in it 's self makes for some pretty interesting rules . In this story , the main characters must not only deal with these rules , but also bend them . And the way that happens mixes a recipe that is n't your typical sci-fi fare.Very interesting stuff .
 I loved this book , I needed to take a break from the large quantity of dark fantasy I had been reading and picked up Expendable on the recommendation of Anne Bishop . Boy , am I happy I did it ! He is the kind of author who can give you well thought out characters with actual lives and foibles and real humor ! Festima is fantastic , she deals with the superficiality of her day with sort of a shrug and a roar . She is not going to be pushed around and she is not going to let them make her disappear ... Do n't miss this first novel , pick up and thoroughly enjoy it .
 Expendable is the first novel in the League of Peoples series . Festina Ramos is an Explorer , a first-in specialist , who is used to check out unknown worlds ; the Explorers call themselves Expendable Crew Members . Ramos has a port-wine colored birthmark covering the right side of her face ; in a society that demands perfect appearance , she is an anomaly . Most Explorers have such imperfections ; the Explorer Corps is the wastebin of humanity.The League of Peoples have imposed bans on Terrans and other peoples within their jurisdiction . The most dramatic is the ban against the interstellar transportation of persons who have committed homicide . Such people just die as soon as their ship goes into interstellar space and so does everybody who assisted in their transport . Their attitude is
 Expendable is a truly remarkable book that grabbed me from the moment I started reading . Gardner 's smooth prose and his fully realized protagonist carried the book , even through places where the plot sagged . He did a very nice job of telling the tale through a woman 's point of view without sounding ridiculous , as some men do . Festina Ramos is a wonderful character , and I look forward to reading more about her in his other books .
 I have been reading a lot for 45 + years now , and so seldom come across a really unique novel or voice.This is one of them.The plot - while logical in retrospect - kept me guessing ; it did n't follow the usual tropes . The characterization was nicely done . The world/universe was coherent and explained , but still holds some mystery . Given all this , I found it to be a page-turner ; I could NOT predict what would happen next!This is one of th4e best novels I 've read recently .
 This book was so cool . It took me three days to read it and I mostly do n't finish novels this long that fast . I would recommend it to anyone who is a hardcore science fiction fan . You wo n't be disappointed . I was n't .
 The author lives in Waterloo , Ontario and this is his first novel . He has won a number of awards for his short fiction -LRB- including an Aurora -RRB- . The novel is set in the medium distant future . The main character is an Explorer Corps member -LRB- ECM for short -RRB- . The ECMs are the first to contact new planets and thus have rather shorter career paths than most . ECM is also short for Expendable Crew Member . This is a novel that is humorous while remaining true to it 's universe . This is a finely crafted novel , the humour does not overwhelm it . There are circles within circles -LRB- of ideas , of plots & characters -RRB- . Simply FASSinating ... Recommended .
 I bought this book a couple days ago and just finished it . I spent an entire day reading it ! It is a great book and I chose well when I just grabbed it off a local bookshelf . I found it great that a guy could write such a vivid portrayal of a strong woman . I find that he is definitely a great writer . I believe all of us are ECM 's sometimes ...
 Ugly because the expendable Explorers are deformed people who are deliberately kept that way , despite 25th century technology . Bad because bad things happen to them . Good because the book is good . Unlike most current sf novels , which try to turn one idea into 600 pages , this book is so rife with ideas and plot twists that they almost come too quickly . Still , it manages to keep its heart with its characters . This makes it among the best of current sf . In fact , it reminds me of why I started reading sf over thirty years ago . Also , its quite well written .
 This book was Marvelous ! I loved it!i could n't put it down 'til i was finished , a real page turner ... anyone at all ... read it !!! :o-RRB- < -- -LRB- a happy face , in case u do n't know -RRB-
 I could n't put the book down until I finished it !
 I just randomly picked this book off of the shelf and tried it . I was impressed with his attention to detail and the concept of the book . Festina Ramos is a memorable and strong character and the book is written from her point of view exclusively . J.A. Gardner covers the story well with honest Science Fiction and very possible realities . It 's one the best books I 've read for a while and leaves you thinking about it after it 's over . Definately recommended . If you like sci-fi you 'll like this one
 Expendable is a real good book . In fact , i thinkthat James must be one of the nominate for thehugo & nebula award of ' 97 . The book is so alive !! If u like concept of human vs ET minding this oneis for you !!! If you like to beleive in a imagine world !! In bonus James write his book with a full realistic humor -LRB- mean sarcastic -RRB- You will now know the real meaning of a ` OH SHIT ' ------- IF U DONT LIKE THIS BOOK MAYBE YOU ARE ONLY A. . . EXPLORER .
 I 've known Jim for a while now . And I suppose that might colour my impression of this , his first published full-length novel . Fortunately , it does n't need to.This is a wonderful book . The characters are believable . The story is fluid and while there are number of things that are n't explained -LRB- no Trek physics ! Yay ! -RRB- , it is n't necessary for you to understand how FTL works or YouthBoost ... noteven the folks in the story understand it.Festina Ramos , our heroine , is a real person . Not in the sense that she exists in our reality ... I do n't know if she does or not , nor , in the long run , do I need to . But in this story , she 's alive and real and very full of that vitality that makes you care about someone.Read this book . Really . If you like SF . If you like strong , believable characters . If you want to kill a day reading.Just go read it . It 's worth it , for whatever you 're looking for .
 Fascinating premise and bold execution . The 25th century has a new face in Festina Ramos , the protagonist who is left scarred by a purple birthmark that is not altered so that she can be one of the `` expendable '' crew members that few will have qualms about sending on missions from which they might not return . This novel is a wonderful debut for Gardner and shows tremendous skill in a tale well told and presenting ideas of grandiose speculation . There have been plenty of tales told from the `` outsider 's '' perspective , but none quite like this -- and there are all kinds of social parallels that reflect on our society today . A nice balance of science , humor , and drama gradually reveal levels of depth within the ranks of the ECMs -LRB- Expendable Crew Members -RRB- , the benevolent -LRB- and dictatorial -RRB- League of Peoples and the humans governmental structure
 It 's been scientifically proven that attractive people have more advantages than unattractive people . By that , I mean more superficial advantages . I remember in a psychology class of mine that in a criminal trial , a jury is more likely to believe an attractive witness that an unattractive one . Good looking adolescents , male or female , are treated better by their peers than ones they find ugly . I 'm sure everyone has seen an incident in their life where someone was treated a certain way simply because of their appearance , whether it was negative or positive . Whether we like it or not , we base a lot of our opinions simply on appearance . It just makes it easier to process the world around us.James Alan Gardner takes this and runs with it . In the 25th century , death has become a rare occurence . This has to do with medical techonology and also the fact that murder is outlawed by a race of omnipotent beings called the League of Peoples . They can even sense the intent to murder . If you commit murder you are considered non-sentient and are sentenced to death yourself . I do n't know if that quite makes sense ? Anyway , death has become so rare that humans are reluctant to be put in dangerous situations such as being the first explorers to a new planet.It is stumbled upon by the Admiralty -LRB- those in charge of space travel -RRB- that when people who are seen as outcasts die nobody cares . It 's only when an attractive person dies that it 's seen as traumatic . I forgot that humans are genetically altered to be perfect . So when babies are born that have physical defects they are considered automatic candidates for the Explorer Corps . Its members call themselves ECMs -- Expendable Crew Members.Explorers Festina Ramos and her partner Yarrun Derigha are ordered to escort an important dignitary named Admiral Chee to a planet called Melaquin . The higher ups think that an Admiral will be able to help them in their exploration . What 's really going on is that no Explorer has touched down on Melaquin and returned . Within minutes of their arrival all communication is cut off and they are presumed dead . Rumor has it that the planet is merely a garbage heap where undesirables are sent to die . Admiral Chee happens to be one of those undesirables.I really liked this book . It 's really impressive and more so because it 's the first novel by Gardner . The only thing that bugged me sometimes was the Beavis and Butthead attitude towards sex that surfaces in the book , especially in the beginning . The hyperspace field that surrounds spaceships is like a white comet so it is referred to as sperm . When a tunnel is formed for transportation and human beings shoot out of it , you can guess the verb used to describe it . It just struck me as very immature Henry Miller . Once he gets over these little obsessive crudities the author can write quite well . The system based on physical apperance resonates with our generation where young girls starve themselves to look like this months starved looking model on Vogue . We are a nation of idolaters.Check this book out for a good swift read .
 This book has a clever plot , a clever story and is very , very witty . The book consists of sections of one or two pages , at most , which simultaneously tell the story , give insight on how the main character thinks , and provide a witticism of some sort . At first it annoyed me , as I prefer a more continuous prose , and the witticisms were making it hard for me to concentrate on the story . :--RRB- But this book is so good that this soon ceased to be of any importance.This is very good science fiction . If you like science fiction in general , you 'll like this book .
 This is a great little read . A fast paced book told in small chapters . It raises many questions about our society . Do we need `` different '' people to keep society alive ? Does society stagnate when it is comfortable ? Do deformed people have an individuality and strength that makes them more resourceful ? Do we mourn the passing of ugly people less than the passing of beautiful people?Picture yourself being dumped on a planet , alone and virtually unarmed , in the certain knowledge that all who went before have disappeared off the face of the universe . Would you go ? Even if you were trained to do so?Intrigued by these premises ? Then read on . A hugely enjoyable yarn this , but the societal issues it raises are ones that will stick with you .
 This is the first book in the League of Peoples series by James Alan Gardner , the next ones being Comminment Hour , Vigilent , and the forth coming Hunted . I have to say this is one of the best books I 've ever read , the character of Festina Ramos is very complex and the setting is astounding , I 'd recommend this and every book by James Alan Gardner
 I CAN NOT believe this book only recieved 4 stars ! It definitely deserved 5 in my book!I LOVED the main character and storyline , was totally able to put myselft into her shoes . Great book !
 Several centuries from now humanity is busily settling far-off planets and contacting alien beings . Those on the frontline of this effort are the Explorers . Explorers are those individuals are have been deemed to be of normal or above-normal intelligence but have a crucial flaw ... they are , in one form or another , disfigured . As such they are deemed Expending Crew Members -LRB- ECMs -RRB- and are the vanguard of humanity 's effort to contact alien life ... in other words , they get sent into all the really dangerous first-contact situations . Festina Ramos is an Explorer -LRB- and an ECM -RRB- , she has a large red birthmark covering an entire side of her face . Along with her partner Yarrun , she has been assigned to lead a mission escorting the flamboyant Admiral Chee to the planet Melaquin . Over the course of the last 50 years dozens of Explorers have disappeared on Melaquin and Ramos -LRB- along with Yarrun and Chee -RRB- has been sent to figure out why.After a fairly slow , start , Expendable picks up its pace . The natives on Melaquin are ... a very interesting idea . I 'd hate to spoil anything here ... so let me just say the natives have unique properties that make them a really creative idea on Mr. Gardner 's part.As for what happened to the previous Explorers that were sent to Melaquin , that was kind of formulaic ... but I enjoyed the story nonetheless . Also , I 'd really like another book with much more detail given on the League of Peoples ... the background alien federation/conglomeration that gave humanity much of its sophisticated technology with which they now use to explore the stars.Overall , I 'd definitely read more of Mr. Gardner 's works ... while Expendable hardly falls into the category of great literature , it is an enjoyable story with some really interesting ideas .
 The League of Peoples keeps an eye on all species . There is no war , little crime , and life is sacred ... unless you are an Explorer . Humans ' morale takes a sharp nose dive if someone beautiful and loved dies . Therefore , the Human race takes those among themselves who are considered to be the misfits , the deformed , the ugly , the flawed , and trains them to be ECMs -LRB- Expendable Crew Members -RRB- . Festina Ramos has a red birthmark that covers one side of her face . She belongs to the well-trained , always-dwindling ranks of the ECMs . Her partner is Yarrun Derigha . They are ordered by the High Council to escort the mentally unstable Admiral Chee to Melaquin . All information about Melaquin is classified . The only thing publically known is that it seems to be a duplicate planet of Old Earth . Everyone who has ever went to Melaquin has disappeared . No one seems to know why . But once or twice a year , a small party of ECMs is sent to investigate.Of course , this is meant to be the LAST mission for Festina and Yarrun . But Festina has other ideas . ***** Excellent ! James Alan Gardner brought all the characters to life , especially Festina ! This is one of the best sci-fi books I have read this year . This novel came out in 1997 . It was the author 's debut novel . However , it is so hard for me to believe this was his first!This story was written to stand alone . A second novel of this type was not even considered by the author -LRB- per his short interview with SFBC -RRB- . Indeed , James Alan Gardner went on to write other books . But so many readers cried out to him and his publisher for more about the ECMs that the author finally broke down . Therefore , this year -LRB- 2004 -RRB- a second ECM novel came out titled `` Radiant '' -LRB- Review forthcoming . -RRB- Sci-Fi fans should not miss out on this fabulous story ! ***** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 I 've read a lot of Hugo and Nebula award winners lately but this non-award winner is one of the best SF books I have read . A wonderful character and an interesting setting makes this a great book . The future is made interesting and this book sets a background for possible sequels . I found some inconsistencies with the plot in terms of technology , but this hardly takes away from the story . Highly recommended .
 A great review of the discovery of the expanding universe ; the science is interesting and understandable for the lay person . Even more compelling is the drama of the scientists themselves , there life , personalities , strengths , foibles and their wonderful discoveries . It is science and history of science combined in an easy to read 250 page book that helps us all comprehend just a grasp of the incomprehensable nature of our existence in this universe .
 The Red LimitBy Timothy FerrisBook ReviewBy Richard E. NobleThe Red Limit is a fascinating cosmological exploration . This is the second time I have read this book . It is the perfect book for the non-scientist . I have no background in science but like to make an attempt to know what is going on in the science of the universe.Cosmology and astrophysics are truly out of my category . But because of writers like Timothy Ferris I am able to jump right in and swim around . This man is a find for me . I will be reading more of his works in the future.In this book the author takes us through the various scientists and their insights that have brought us to the theoretical evaluations that are most prevalent today in regards to the universe . How our Universe may have begun and how many have come to the conclusion that it is growing and expanding.We learn about the instruments , the telescopes , the mirrors and lenses . We learn about the craftsmen and inventers involved . We learn about the astronomers , and the astrophysicists and how and why they have made their determinations.Timothy Ferris is a writer , a teacher , a journalist and a professor . This is a difficult subject for me but Professor Ferris 's ability with words made everything easy and simple . There is nothing covered in this book that I did not understand . Or maybe I should say , there was nothing by way of Mr. Ferris ' explanations of these complicated processes and happenings that I did not feel I was provided with insight and some modicum of understanding of these notions that are truly `` way out there . '' I feel now that I have some basis on which to move forward.Personally I am extremely dubious of this whole Big Bang notion and the interpretation of Mr. Hubble 's discovery - as was he , I find noted in the text . But since these are the prevailing thoughts on this subject I am very happy to find an author who can explain to the likes of one like me what is thought to be going on.The author writes clearly an intelligibly . His explanations are cogent and concise.I have tried other science writers but to this point this man is the best . I am going to try and read all of his books and I feel that I will be nothing but better off for my effort.This book lays it all out . The reader can accept it or not accept it . The author is extremely objective and gives all points of view their due . I have absolutely no complaints with this author . He knows how to tell a story too . Great book!Richard Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` A Summer with Charlie '' Salisbury Beach , Lawrence YMCA
 A very engaging read , yet offers a very good understanding of cosmological concepts and how they developed -LRB- at least up through the '80s -RRB- at the non-scientist level . Got me interested in reading more about Einstein , the Palomar telescope , and more .
 Fantastic book . . Would recommend to all people who are into Science . . The book arrived on time and is as good as new . .
 This book is not so much a science book as it is a history of science . Ferris tells the story of the development of the various theories surrounding cosmology the development of the universe . As such he does spend a lot of time talking about theories which were later proved incorrect . Periodically while reading the book I did find myself checking out various things on the internet in order to see what the final result would be.He covers things like the debates on whether the universe contains one galaxy or many , how the big bang theory was developed , the discoveries of things like cephiad variable stars , the galactic red shift , and background microwave radiation that led to a better understanding of the universe . He also covers some of the great scientific debates , like the one about uncertainty between Einstein and Heisenberg.I found the book to be very readable and informative . The only reason it 's not 5 stars is that it is somewhat dated . However , as it is not really a book about science , but a book about the history of science , its dated nature does n't detract from its overall narrative . As I mentioned above , anyone wanting to know the modern spin on things which might not have been available when the book was written can simply google things as he reads .
 August 2 , 1999I would like to take a minute to thank Timothy Ferris for abridging , The Red Limit
 Another classic story by author/artist Graham Oakley . The church mice books are his best , the artwork is priceless -LRB- and hilarious ! -RRB- . Check his other books out too . They are great .
 I first came across this book when my daughters were very young . We checked it out of the library and read it over and over again . The inventive approach to getting things done by the mice must have inspired me because I conveniently lost the book , paid the library for it , found it and kept it . I 'm so pleased to be able to get some of their other books now because I 've looked for them for years without success . Now that I have a grandchild , he will need to hear these tales too .
 Ketchup Power and the Starship Meatloaf is a very funny , witty , intelligently-written story comparable to Captain Underpants in its humor , although it is considerably longer and has no illustrations.In the far future , ketchup has become the primary fuel source , leading to the invention of synthochup , a syntethic ketchup fuel that eventually destroys the devices using it for power . People forgot how to make real ketchup , and now they need it desperately . So , four people decide to use the Starship Meatloaf to travel back several thousand years to our time to get the recipe for `` real true-red ketchup . `` The problem is , due to the effects of time travel , every member of the Meatloaf crew has become a kid again . Now , stranded thousands of years back in time as children , the crew has to find the ketchup recipe and return home while hiding undercover as grade school students.The length of the book and the lack of pictures might cause younger readers to shy away from this one , but older ones -LRB- about ten or eleven and up -RRB- will love it !
 It is not very often you find a book that combines the history of the Jewish people with a story of tender love , for family and for God . This is such a book . The story is of a young Israelite girl named Achsah , who is the only daughter of a high leader of the tribe of Judah , Caleb.We are told at the beginning of the story some of the traditions of the Jewish people , such as the Father always chooses a husband for his daughter , this does not set well with young Achsah.Achsah is a strong willed girl , not wanting to be told whom she will spend the rest of her life with , as is the custom . The author takes you into the heart of young Achsah as she battles with her emotions of loyalty to her father , her God and the traditions of their faith . Will she be able to submit to these traditions and still find the happiness she believes belongs to her ? You become entwined in her mind as she comes to terms with her destiny . It is a tender story , carefully written with respect for the history it is based on , yet full of adventure and drama . A taste of the past flavored with emotions felt in the present , very good mix.Unveiling during the conquest of Canaan , the work allows you to experience the victories and defeats of these chosen people , taste a little of their rebellion and understand a great deal of their faith , as young Achsah blooms into a woman and takes her place in the land of promise.A very good read ! Thumbs up on this one !
 Books like THE RED TENT have sparked an interest in works based in Biblical settings that focus on women rather than their famous male leaders . Kay Flowers has chosen to focus her novella on the years just before and those that followed the entry of the Children of Israel into their land of milk and honey . Her protagonist , Achsah , is the only daughter of Caleb , one of Moses 's greatest generals.The child of Caleb 's middle age , Achsah is not surprisingly more than a little spoiled . Throughout many of her early years , she is determined to have her own way , by manipulation and stealth when direct means fail-those direct means usually entailing a tantrum of one degree or another.As time and life take their toll , however , Achsah comes not just to maturity but to a deep faith in the god of Israel , a faith that sustains her when tragedy and danger impinge.Although clearly the work of a talented storyteller and likely to appeal greatly to younger readers , the unfortunate brevity of Ms. Flowers 's work leaves the reader , especially one who has an interest in the historical and cultural background , feeling unsatisfied . One closes the book with the sense it was meant more as a morality tale than an historical one , a lesson in the importance of faith and in caring for others . The plot evolves as a series of episodes in Achsah 's life , beginning with her as a young child and ending with her in the twilight years . Once she has had her moment of epiphany , what follows is little more than a denouement that goes on too long.The author 's attempt to justify the slaughter of innocents-according to the messages delivered from God via Moses and Joshua , the Israelites were to exterminate everyone living in their `` promised land '' - also lacks force . No matter how perverse the Canaanites ' religious and social practices may have been , the killing of children simply does n't quite fit with the concept of an all-loving god , and one senses the author wrestling with that issue , unable to avoid it yet unable to adequately deal with it , either.Nevertheless , CALEB 'S DAUGHTER is an excellent choice for young readers both for its nicely drawn details of the Israelite culture and the subtle lesson it contains . Christian parents looking for first-class reading material for their older middle-schoolers and younger teens will find it an excellent addition to their libraries .
 Patterson organizes this history around the various US Presidents from 1974-2001 . The book primarily considers social and cultural issues in the context of their impact on these Presidents and how these latter developped policies accordingly . As a result , it is primarily a political history and only tangentially a cultural or social history.That said , the plumline running through the domestic agenda of all presidencies in this period was the cultural wars between progressives and conservatives . The former camp were liberals , leftists , minorities , immigrants , women , gays , who emerged more powerful from the 60s revolution etc ; in the conservative campwere fundamentalists , corporate leaders , old-schoolers , who viewed the 1950s as a Golden Age or felt threatened by the rising tide of feminism and multiculturalism . This `` Tale of Two Countries '' is complicated by the Me Generation that emerged in the 1970s
 Strikes me as too soon to produce reliable history about a period so recent . He seemed a hair right-of-center but at least did n't fall into the mythology of Reagan `` winning '' the cold war . He mentions Clinton as `` slick '' a couple times but in his previous 1945-74 history I do n't think -LRB- memory may be wrong -RRB- he ever used Tricky Dick or Slippery Richard about Nixon .
 Patterson follows up his work in Grand Expectations
 In this latest volume of the Oxford series of US history , this book does a good job of summarizing the major events in the last 30 years . It could have been much more complete and it 's one of the smallest volumes of the series . That 's too bad since there obviously could have been much more to write about . I have enjoyed this series tremendously and this book does n't disappoint . For a very quick reminder of the Ford administration to the beginning of George W. Bush 's time , you ca n't go wrong reading this one .
 My final stop on my march through the ages is James T. Patterson 's Restless Giant . This volume has a very different feel from both Patterson 's previous bookGrand Expectations
 Restless Giant , By James Patterson , is a sweeping social/political and economic history of life in the United States from the end of the Watergate scandal to the controversial election of 2000 . It is another component in the Oxford History of the United States series.Patterson ties together modern history in a precise way . His prose is even and interesting . Though many of the subjects are extremely familiar , his even handed treatment and conclusions are clear . This is a very excellent one-volume summation of our modern times .
 There are thousands of books available on American History , some with narrow focus , some painting broad pictures . Based on my sampling of these books over the years , I have found that no series has provided a better overall history than the Oxford History of the United States . The only flaw in this series is that it is only being slowly produced , with only five volumes thus far -LRB- with around a dozen or so projected -RRB- . Chronologically , Restless Giant is the last in the series , covering the years 1974 to 2000 , or essentially , Watergate to the Bush-Gore election . This is a rough period to write a history of for a couple reasons . For one thing , it is too recent to get any sort of historical perspective ; the detachment that time provides is not there -LRB- for example , the 2000 election is still the source of debate , with people on one side or the other about who really won -RRB- . In addition , while this was an eventful era , it lacks that single event that defines it . For example , previous books focused on the Revolution -LRB- The Glorious Cause -RRB- , the Civil War -LRB- Battle Cry of Freedom -RRB- and the Great Depression and World War II -LRB- Freedom from Fear -RRB- . Only Grand Expectations -LRB- also written by James Patterson -RRB- is also lacking the single , focusing event in its history of 1945 to 1974 . But as Grand Expectations proved , however , Patterson is good at overcoming these issues to write a book that is both informative and entertaining . Restless Giant is similarly high quality . The primary topic is political , and a good portion of the book deals with the various Presidential administrations during these two-and-a-half decades , but Patterson goes further to discuss various social trends.With politics being so important , we see the many conflicts between left and right . Generally , this was an era of conservative ascendancy , starting with the post-Watergate nadir of the G.O.P. , Reagan/Bush in the middle of the period , the `` Republican Revolution '' of the mid-1990s , and , of course , Bush 43 's controversial elevation to the top office in 2001 . Of course , this is similarly a period of decline for liberalism and the remnants of the New Deal . Is this a good or bad thing ? Patterson remains objective enough to provide no real answers ; he is critical enough of both right and left to provide ammunition for either side.Of course , in a 400 + page book , there are going to be a lot of things missed , but Patterson catches most of the important things . All in all , this is another top-notch volume in the Oxford series .
 About a decade ago , Patterson published an excellent survey , Grand Expectations , of the postwar years from the end of WWII to Nixon 's resignation . He now follows Grand Expectations with a fine book covering the period from Nixon 's resignation to the election of 2000 . One of the major themes of Grand Expectations was the sense felt by many Americans that life would bring them increasing prosperity , freedom , and American power . A second major theme was the so-called Rights Revolution , the great expansion of individual rights that occurred with the Civil Rights movement and allied phenomena . These themes continue in Restless Giant . In the present book , Patterson follows the ups and downs of Americans ' expectations regarding their lives and the direction of the nation . A recurring theme is that despite continued economic expansion and the considerable successes of American society , the last generation has seen persistent anxiety about the prospects of Americans as individuals and America as a society . Patterson also shows the continuing evolution and success of the Rights Revolution . This revolution consists not only of the expansion of perceived rights but also of a variety of Federally sanctioned entitlements accompanying them . Over the last 50 years , the expansion of rights and entitlements has included a substantial waning of anti-Semitic and anti-Catholic prejuidice , the guarantee of legal and civil equality for African-Americans and other ethnic minorities , the emergence of disability rights , the increasing equality of woment , and even a gradual though grudging acceptance of homosexuality . An important part of the book covers the rise of Republican conservatism . Patterson shows well that despite the considerable political success of this movement , it has succeeded only in perhaps slowing the Rights Revolution but not reversing it . In one of his rare astute comments , the conservative journalist George Will once wrote that , `` Americans are conservative but they want the New Deal . '' It would be more correct to say that Americans are conservative but they want the Rights Revolution and its accompanying entitlements.Patterson organizes this book by alternating chapters giving social history with chapters on political history , using Presidential terms and the experiences of each administration . This works quite well and Patterson is quite evenhanded in his treatment of controversial issues . Reading these chapters will bring back memories for many readers , some of whom may be surprised by what they find . For example , most people today will think of Jimmy Carter as a leftist democrat . Patterson shows President Carter as relative moderate who preferred fiscal restraint , who appointed Paul Volcker as Fed Chairman with the knowledge that he would aggressively pursue deflationary policies , and whose foreign policy in the last 2 years of his administration anticipates some of the Reagan policies . Indeed , Carter in some respects was tougher than Reagan as he embargoed grain sales which the Reagan administration would later permit.Patterson is a very good writer and the narrative and analysis flow smoothly . Despite its considerable virtues , this book has some minor defects . Patterson does quite a good job on social history but could have covered more economic history . He appropriately cites a lot of statistics but this always done in the text . Patterson , like many historians , does n't seem comfortable presenting this type of data in charts or graphs which often make looking at this type of data easier . In discussing events and personalities , Patterson is perhaps too evenhanded . In discussing individual presidents , for example , he often says things like , `` Reagan 's critics said ... '' , rather than presenting a judgement . But , for many of these events and person it is possible to render judgements . If Gerald Ford and Bush 1 are underestimated , as implied by the narrative , why not say so ? It should be possible to make a reasonable judgement about Reagan 's role in the end of the Cold War rather than avoid the issue . Its a shame that someone with Patterson 's perspective and depth of knowledge is n't more willing to make critical statements . While he describes nicely the success of conservative Republicanism in electoral politics , he does n't deal well with the fact that Republicans largely abandoned their conservative principles about the size and role of the Federal government and become a vehicle for business group lobbying , a phenomena that the political scientist Theodore Lowi called interest group conservatism.Finally , its impossible to read this book , with its extensive and fair descriptions of our recent Presidents , and not think about the performance of our present President , Bush 2 . Even compared with Presidents who came to power in unpropitious circumstances or committed serious self-inflicted wounds like Clinton and Reagan , Bush 2 comes off poorly in terms of leadership and vision .
 James T. Patterson 's `` Restless Giant '' , Volume 11 -LRB- and last chronologically -RRB- in the Oxford History of the United States puts an exclamation point on this gem of a series . Professor Patterson follows up on his own penultiate volume in the series , `` Grand Expectations '' , with aplomb . David M. Kennedy , now the editor of the series , succeeding the late C. Vann Woodward , and himself the author of the antepenultimate volume , `` Freedom from Fear '' , perhaps sums up the rationale for studying such recent history in his forward to this book
 It is only when the history books are written that we begin to find out what really happened as opposed to reading/watching the day to day news stories in the paper/television . This book by James Patterson , part of the Oxford history of the United States covers the years from Nixon 's resignation -LRB- 1974 -RRB- to inauguration day 2001 when George W. Bush became President . The media tends to stress conflict . In actuality there is much less conflict than you might otherwise believe . The majority of Americans were less partisan , less attentive to political fighting than were the protestors , the politicians or the interest groups with causes to defend.Through this quarter century , the Americans tended to elect the presidential candidate that they considered to be the most central , neither left nor right wing . Both political parties continued to be effective , holding about half of both houses of congress . The rights of racial and ethnic minorities , Catholics and Jews , the handicapped , senior citizens , women and gays all expanded . The economy expanded to have more Americans working than ever before.This supurb book takes the immediacy out of the headlines and presents the history of our time in a well thought out , clear , and concise manner .
 I 've often felt that `` contemporary history '' is not just an oxymoron , but a fallacy as well . Good history depends on two things
 The Oxford History of the United States series is an amazing endeavor . The purpose of this undertaking is to provide readers with an accessible summary of major historical works in the field in engaging narratives . Two books in the series have won the Pulitzer Prize ; others have won a number of important , but lesser-known book awards . Patterson , a professor emeritus at Brown University , is the only individual to write two volumes in this series . This book picks up right where Grand Expectations , his previous contribution to the series , left off . He basically advances the same argument about rights consciousness , but for a different time period.His text is stunning . He shows his skill in interpreting vast amounts of information and putting old controversies into new lights . The 1970s were hardly as bad as people thought and the 1980s were a time of greatness as Ronald Regan dominated the decade in a way that few presidents do.The account , however , breaks down when Patterson reaches 1990 . The chapters in the second half of the book are quite uneven . Some are as brilliant and informative as the material on the 1970s . In other chapters , Patterson fails to support his thesis . His citations are often missing and fail to support his arguments . At times , Patterson comes across as little more than a journalist reporting on the news of the day.To use a baseball term , this book is a hit and a miss . A .500 batting average is pretty good in baseball ; in history it gets a four-star rating , but just barely .
 Patterson successfully presents modern history in this book in a very concise and easy to read book . It 's objective for the most part , and covers the most relevent events of each decade mentioned . There is not a whole lot of detail on everything however , it is more of a summary , but it will `` wet your appetite '' on various topics for more detailed study . It 's a pretty good history book .
 What I liked best about the book was sense of balance . It discussed good things and bad things about both Reagan & Clinton , the two most controversial presidents of the period . It was also a period of enormous social change , much more so than the sixties . Patterson could have made the point that the 70 's were the time when the social experiments of the sixtiescame to fruition .
 It is said that people are less familiar with the recent past -LRB- those years during which they have lived -RRB- than they are with the history of previous generations . This book certainly made that point crystal clear to me . The book covers the years 1974-2001 , during which time I grew from a young child to a parent , and I found myself marveling at the information contained in the book.Patterson has provided us with a clear , consise history of America during this nearly 30 year period - covering everything from the social history of integration to the political turmoil surrounding Nixon , Ford , Carter , Reagan , Bush , & Clinton , along with a brief look at the political battle that landed Bush 43 in the White House in 2001 . Although it is too early to know with any certainty the long-term historical impacts of these years , Patterson gives us a solid understanding of the trials encountered and the immediate ramifications seen.Starting with the so-called `` troubled 1970s '' , which seem to be nothing more than a conclusion to the activism of the 60s , we move on through the challenging Carter years -LRB- the massive economic troubles of stagflation -RRB- and into the rise of Ronald Reagan and the modern conservative movement . We see how Reagan changed the thinking of Americans and laid the groundwork for conservatism to continue evolving for the rest of the century.Pushing through the foreign-affairs dominated presidency of Bush 41 , we move quickly into the social history of immigration & race relations in the 90 's . Clinton 's domestic agenda and political battles offer the final chapters in the book , with a brief stop in the Supreme Court for the declaration that George Bush was to be inaugurated as the 43rd President of the United States.Overall , I would highly recommend this book to anyone that came of age in these years - it will help you to thoroughly understand the reasons why the world you live in today developed as it did rather than simply being a continuation of the Beatnik society of the 50 's , the Hippie dominated culture of the 60 's , or the constant fear that pervaded American life immediately following World War II - that fear of nuclear war with the Soviet Union . I believe that this book will make a powerful text for the next generation when studying recent American history , and until that generation can revisit these years with another 25-30 years of review under their belt , this is probably the definitive work we will see of this time frame .
 Patterson delivers another smash hit in his book on the United States from Watergate to Bush v. Gore . This book is a less historiography study and more of a statistical approach than other oxford books but it is nonetheless expertly presented . The analysis is top quality and the sense of how the United States became restless -LRB- especially during the 1990 's is apparent . Patterson makes a good argument that we have to wait and see what effect 9/11 will have and whether or not it was the changing milestone . If you are interested in this time period this is a must read . For those who are interested in American studies this is an essential book for your library .
 Jack Welch would be the first to point out that none of the 29 Leadership Secrets to which the subtitle refers is really a secret . In fact , most of the material in this book has been recycled or updated from previous publications , notably from Slater 's excellent Jack Welch and the GE Way and The GE Way Fieldbook , both of which I also highly recommend . Slater is an excellent judge of material and writes very well . After more than 25 years as a successful journalist , he has developed a keen sense of what key business issues are , and , how Welch 's comments on those issues can be most effectively shared with the reader . Two factors set this book apart from most other business books which also share `` secrets . '' First and obviously , Welch 's well-deserved reputation as a great leader . Also , the business context in which Slater anchors each of the 29 key points . With brevity and precision , Slater addresses questions such as these : * How to `` harness the power of change '' ? * What does `` Face Reality ! '' mean ? Also , what does it require ? * What is the best process for evaluating your organization with a `` fresh eye '' ? * What are the major perils as well as benefits of Six Sigma initiatives ? * What are some of the most effective e-business strategies ? * How can e-business `` put the final nail in bureaucracy '' ? Thanks to Slater , as I read the book I felt as if Welch himself were making a series of assertions directly to me . In response to each I am inclined to ask , `` Exactly what does he mean by that ? '' An explanation then follows , based on the wealth of information about Welch which Slater and others have accumulated over the years . Slater also includes a series of lists of `` Welch Rules '' and then , in an Appendix , a list of `` GE Values '' ... the same list which -LRB- reproduced on a laminated card -RRB- is carried by each GE employee.Welch himself has been and continues to be an avid student of business . Time and again , he has gratefully acknowledged what he has learned , not only from other great business leaders but also from his associates at GE ... especially from younger GE executives who share his contempt for what Jim O'Toole has characterized -LRB- in Leading Change -RRB- as `` the ideology of comfort and the tyranny of custom . `` If you share my great admiration of Jack Welch and also wish you could spend some time with him one-on-one , here 's probably your best opportunity to do so . For me , the experience was as much a pleasure as it was a privilege .
 When I first got this book and started reading it in the late evening , I found it so interesting and insightful that I read it completely until the early hours of morning the next day.Jack Welch is no ordinary leader and GE is no ordinary company . To find out how and why they are so successful and far ahead of their competitors , you should read this book.While Jack Welch is not perfect -LRB- he is human after all -RRB- , this book is great , in the sense that it explains the basic principles behind GE 's extraordinary success .
 The best thing about this book is that it quotes extensively and piquantly from the writings and speeches of Jack Welch . The intriguing list of `` 29 leadership secrets '' -LRB- which could have been reduced to ten -RRB- is more selective than secret , given that Welch has been preaching them loudly from a very prominent platform for more than 20 years . However , the book will be valuable to Welch neophytes and to fans who want more Jack , or the essence of Jack . Author Robert Slater assumes a certain familiarity with GE 's history and initiatives , and sometimes refers to them without explanation . Welch long ago transcended management to become sort of a leadership prophet , and his utterances are sometimes paradoxical , if not contradictory . He says nurture people , but downsize ; he says cut bureaucracy , but implement a paperwork intensive Six Sigma program . We promise that somewhere in here , you 'll find a managerial principle to fit almost any occasion . What more can you ask of a handbook ?
 I received a copy of the book while I worked for GE several years ago , and picked it up again recently . When I received the book I felt Jack Welch 's ideas were simple , straightforward and obvious . It is only after working for other companies that I realize the genius behind them , and how rare it is for these `` simple '' concepts to be played out elsewhere in corporate America . Jack Welch is truly a business visionary , and this book outlines many of his ideas , albeit in sketch format . His ideas about re-structuring , de-layering , change management , corporate speed and employee empowerment were all way ahead of their time . Thirty-one of his best ideas are presented here , but unfortunately , with little substance behind them . I would suggest that this book is a great place to start if you are interested in GE 's business and corporate philosophies , however , to get more in depth analysis and explanation you will need to look elsewhere . I would recommend this book for a trip , as it is good airplane reading , and may spark some ideas for your business .
 This is the first book about GE 's Jack Welch I ever read . I bought it because the title is so far the most attractive amongst its keens . `` Get Better or Get Beaten '' is certainly the norm in today 's competitive world . Remarkably , the content is of the same quality as its title . It is so well written that I finished it in 1.5 day.In fact , the core concepts or the secrets are nothing new . Quality and Re-engineering gurus like Peter Drucker , Philip Crosby , Tom Peters etc had stressed the importance of quality , customer orientation , corporate culture , employee involvement blah blah blah for decades . It 's just that Jack Welch had been so successful a real life practitioner and advocate that nobody can neglect . Think about the 6 sigma phenomenon and you know what I mean.In case you just want to know the secrets without the elaboration , or that you can not afford one , go to the table of content -LRB- Thanks to Amazon -RRB- and have a look . All the secrets are already there . -LRB- Sorry , Mr. Slater -RRB- . However , I still think it is a good collectible for your personal library.p.s . I had worked in an acquired subsidiary of a Fortune 20 company . I am sorry that what happened there was far from what Mr. Welch preached . The result is
 I picked up this book in a bookstore and I did not know what to expect . I was amazed at the wisdom that this man posses when I began to read this book . He is very straightforward and very cool . All the principles are appliable to any kind of business I think . One of the best business books I ever seen , and its based on a man who practice what he preaches . BUY IT !!!
 Robert Slater puts together a factual and wonderfully insightfull collection of Jack Welch 's Leadership Secrets . A must read for anyone who wants to be an effective leader .
 This is one of the few best books on leadership I have read in a long , long time . The others , which compliment this book are Jack Welch 's book , `` Jack '' , and Norman Thomas Remick 's book on the philosophy behind all the good advice from Mr. Slater and Mr. Welch called `` West Point '' . Read `` Get Better '' to get better , then read the others to get even better yet . And what 's nice about it , they 're all available right here on Amazon.com .
 Can states , cities and local governments be managed more effectively ? Can they achieve better services ... lower costs ... higher revenues - without higher taxes?Managing public services in the best of times is no cinch . In times of economic uncertainty and severe federal cutbacks , the task is formidable . But as the author proves , it can be done.Doing More With Less
 This book was awesome ! I could n't tear myself away from the book once I started to read it . While I read I actually started to feel nervous along with the character Samantha . This book is riveting.A word to the author
 This book is full of a young girls romance with a prince it is one of the best books i have ever read and if you like this one check out the other 2 in this sereis THEY ROCK just as much !!!!!!!!
 Okay so im 15 and this book is the ONLY book i have ever been able to sit down and actually really read the whole thing . I did it in one day . that right there says this book is amazing the fact that i actually sat down and read it all . The first think i said to myself when i was done is that this book needs to be in a movie , expanded .
 Oh my god i am so glad i read this book.I mean the book was so great > She got to meet the boy of her dreams so coool ! Well Peace out < Meghan
 Overall A Royal Kiss was pretty good . It shows you how anormal girl can meet the boy of her dreams . Although that is a greatconcept I think the book was a little too predictable in showing this . Its shows you the ups and downs of relationships and always keeps you interested . I think this book would be very good for summer reading and I hope you enjoy the book !
 I received this book as a Christmas gift in 1979 . Recently , while going through some of my old things , I came across this book again and I must say that the illustrations and text are just as compelling today as they were 25 years ago . As part of a popular series of `` future history '' handbooks for juvenile readers in Cowley 's Terran Trade Authority series , the premise of the series was quite simple yet inspired - create a collection of `` fact-packed '' stories based on the scenes depicted in several pieces of sci-fi illustration that previously adorned book or magazine covers and package each story together with its corresponding illustration in an attractive , glossy coffee-table-type book.This particular edition documents major interplanetary wars between Earthmen and aliens , the struggle of human colonists against the hostile environments of distant planets as well as stories of future law enforcement agencies battling space pirates and pan-galactic organised crime . The writing is picturesque and is phrased in the typically dry and information-rich style of a documentary book meant for a young audience aged 10 years and above . The illustrations featured are some of the most impressive and vivid work I have ever seen from a selection of sci-fi artists who were either some of the most promising talents or the leading lights of their day . Some of these illustrators are still very much active today and have won much praise and many awards for their work.Being long out of print , this and other books in the same series are now highly sought after collectable items . If you ever come across a copy , do n't hesitate to grab it . Besides this title , I also own `` Starliners
 I ca n't add a lot to what I 've said in my other reviews regarding the Cowley titles . Great old school sci fi art . Good for artists/designers doing concept work .
 I do n't have anything to add to the other five-star reviews apart from this
 This book has the personal distinction of fostering a lifelong interest in science fiction . Its collection of seperate stories of a fictional future human interstellar federation , the centerpiece being the short and brutal war between Terra and the Lagunians . Written in a historical narrative , the stories cover a possible future of human history written in the past tense . It was memorable for creating a world of human colonization and exploration riddled with civil unrest and adversity , contrary to the resolved idealism Star Trek . Humans did n't change but just spread out among the stars , and our flaws went with us . Various chapters of piracy , rebellion , colonial crisis , planetary phenomena , and human greed and struggle.The illustrations are of a generally very high quality and does a great job reinforcing the written world . The book is oversized to do the artwork justice which really is the focus of this book . I heard that some the illustrations were used as inspiration for the computer game `` Homeworld '' , a shame Cowley does n't write more about the Terran Trade Authority , it may have started something for a movie or miniseries , perhaps writing Children Books was more lucrative ...
 A child of the 80 's would have found this book in there library and I was glad to rediscover it when I did .
 Big spaceship pictures future history.A book aimed at kids with very cool pictures of spaceships , and a decent series of short stories throughout , at least as far as that goes , detailing some elements of the society.This aimed at younger reader books full of cool artwork and short tales of interstellar conflict and other adventures amidst the backdrop of Cowley 's Terran Trade Authority future history is still fun.The book is broken into two sections : - The Laguna WarsGreat Space Battles
 Big spaceship pictures future history.A book aimed at kids with very cool pictures of spaceships , and a decent series of short stories throughout , at least as far as that goes , detailing some elements of the society.This aimed at younger reader books full of cool artwork and short tales of interstellar conflict and other adventures amidst the backdrop of Cowley 's Terran Trade Authority future history is still fun.The book is broken into two sections : - The Laguna WarsGreat Space Battles
 ** Adapted from the Wikipedia article on the Terran Trade Authority ** Spacecraft 2000-2100 AD -LRB- by Stewart Cowley , 1978 -RRB- Great Space Battles -LRB- by Stewart Cowley and Charles Herridge , 1979 -RRB- SpaceWreck
 ** Adapted from the Wikipedia article on the Terran Trade Authority ** Spacecraft 2000-2100 AD -LRB- by Stewart Cowley , 1978 -RRB- Great Space Battles -LRB- by Stewart Cowley and Charles Herridge , 1979 -RRB- SpaceWreck
 This book looked ideal for my needs -LRB- rank beginner -RRB- when browsing in our local knitting store , so I bought it . It 's turned out to be a mixed bag , but I 'm still glad I bought it and I 'm still using it as my primary knitting course to teach myself to knit.The target audience is rank beginners , as you would guess from the title . It is not intended as a reference book for more advanced knitters.Where this book excels is its selection of topics and the order of the topics . Other knitting books will bog you down with umpteen variations on a subject when you 'd be better advised to move on to the next basic topic . Ms. Kagan picks the appropriate topics to concentrate on and presents them in an appropriate order for learning them . The basic topics include casting on -LRB- first row -RRB- , knitting , purling , binding off -LRB- last row -RRB- , gauge -LRB- picking the appropriate size needles -RRB- , correcting mistakes , increasing and decreasing the size of rows so you 're not limited to knitting rectangles , and reading typical project instructions . From there , she moves on to assembling the finished item -LRB- blocking , pressing , seams -RRB- ; textured , raised , and cable patterns ; yarn embroidery - a simple way to add color before you 're ready to tackle knitting multi-colored patterns ; stripes ; multi-colored patterns ; using circular and double-pointed needles ; and decorative openwork -LRB- various lace shawl patterns -RRB- . The book is attractively laid out and copiously illustrated , inviting you to dive in and explore . That 's unless you 're a man or boy curious about knitting , in which case you 'll have a hard time getting past the pink cover and feminine look of the book.The down side is that the instructions could be clearer . On getting it home and actually sitting down to read it , I could n't at first understand what she was saying . However , with knitting needles in hand , concentrating on learning just one technique at a time , and picking a technique I 'm reasonably ready to learn , I can usually figure it out . If you 're left-handed -LRB- I 'm not -RRB- , good luck - it has one paragraph for you . The instructions are clearer in the `` I Taught Myself Knitting '' booklet co-produced by Lion Brand yarn and Boye -LRB- equipment manufacturer -RRB- , a surprisingly good booklet that comes in kits with various starter assortments of equipment.Another strength of this book is that it intersperses projects between lessons . The projects do n't happen to be my style or anything I happen to have any use for , for the most part , or maybe that 's just due to first impressions and color choices , but they 're good both for practicing and for better understanding the techniques just learned . The more sensible projects include scarves , hats , sweaters , an embroidered pillow , throw -LRB- red hearts ?? maybe I 'll try it with green shamrocks instead -RRB- , leg warmers , slouch socks , fingerless gloves , poncho , and a nice lace shawl.In summary , if you 're a rank beginner , this book can give you the knowledge and confidence to tackle any reasonably normal knitting project , however you may need to supplement it with another book or ask for help from someone who knows how to knit .
 When I first looked at this book , I was struck by the good instructions that the author gives on various types of cables and other pattern stitches . I think that this book is a good book to own if you want to learn a lot of pattern stitches , but the patterns themselves do not really appeal to me . The candy stripe leg warmers and the cable hats are cute , but those are about the only ones I feel particularly attracted to . The fringe top is really ugly , too -- just thought you might want a warning ... Bottom line
 I would probably give 4.5 stars if possible ... I really like this book overall . I agree that it 's not likely that anyone would like all of the patterns in here -LRB- especially the fringe top ! -RRB- , but I think there is something for everyone . I have made the `` flaps or no flaps '' hat -LRB- no flaps for me -RRB- , the tote bag , and the slouch socks . There are several other patterns I plan to try eventually.But what I really love are the instructional parts of the book . If you 're a total beginnger , it 's a great thing to work your way through the techniques from beginning to end . If you 're a little more advanced , it 's a handy reference . I have pulled it off the shelf several times to look up a pattern abbreviation , check a diagram of a technique , etc. . The large numbers of sample stitches -LRB- different open work patterns , cable patterns , textured patterns , etc. -RRB- are also a great reference if you 're interested in designing your own pattern . It has made me braver as a moderate knitter -- I never would have guessed I would try making my own patterns before I bought this book !
 This got me started and remains a great reference book.Good at any level . Keep it handy as a ready reference on any project
 This book is a great book not just for teens but for anyone wanting to learn how to knit . It covers the basics and beyond . The projects encourage you to try out your new learned skills .
 I bought this book twice . I gave my first copy away to a beginning real estate investor . Then I bought another copy because I wanted a copy for my library but I 'll probably end up giving that one away to a friend or family memeber when they ask me about investing in real estate.The most successful real estate investors in my local real estate investors association follow Ron LeGrand . I like the many testimonials of real people who have actually done real deals in this book . This tells me that real people have followed through and have had success.Ron LeGrand packs a bunch of very valuable information in a book that is only $ 22 ! I paid much more than that to attend two of his seminars . He has condensed his entire mode of operation into a single book . Every person who buys this book is getting the deal of their lifetime . You will not find another real estate investor who has demonstrable proof of their success laying out their whole way of doing business and charging you only $ 22 for it ! Actually , I was a little ticked that he put in over two dozen ways to find real estate deals because that is what most people are trying to do . And I was surprised that in the Appendix he even added letters , flyers , and documents that he gave us in the seminars that I went to . I paid much more for them though.Of course a glossary of real estate investing terms is in the back for you to use as a reference . And he will send you 5 CD 's -LRB- for free -RRB- that further expound on topics in the book . Believe me , I paid a lot for the CD 's I purchased . In fact , it would cost me more than 22 bucks to take a millionaire out to lunch so buying his business plan in a book for only $ 22 is a true no brainer.One last thing . The book is an easy read so do n't deceive yourself and think that it must be harder than this because it is n't . The secret is not in the information . The secret is in the action - actually following through and doing what he lays out.I am not a millionaire yet , but I have been following -LRB- most of -RRB- what he says to do , and I have made over 50 times what I paid for those seminars . And that is a very good return on my investment .
 Ok , there are people on here rating this book 1 star because of the author trying to sell his course . I 'll tell you what , if all you do is take out a big black pen and go through the book and mark a big x over each of the pages that are testimonials trying to get you to buy his course , then yes , the book has 50 fewer pages ... BUT it is a good sized book ! Just simply do n't read those pages and really think about the quality of the rest of the pages and you will be rating this book a 5 instead of 1 , its that simple . I went to a book store after reading the reviews of this book and did just that -LRB- without the pen -RRB- and was amazed at how low this book was rated with the large amount of high quality info in it .
 there have been others books similar to this one , but nearly ALL of the authors of those books have been trained directly or indirectly by Ron LeGrand . He is truly the guru of real estate investing . This book gives solid , practical advice that works in the real world . Yes , he tries to sell you additional things , but all you have to do is follow the instructions and you will have success.A great book that opened my eyes to a world of possibilities , which included early retirement .
 If you look at the market now ... You will know what I am talking about it .
 I 've personally used the information in this book to generate tens of thousands of dollars using none of my own money or credit . Honestly , I just faxed Ron a copy of an $ 18,000 option deposit I collected on a house a few weeks ago . How 's your job going today ? If you ca n't make money with this information , you deserve to have a job .
 This book is an excellent value on the subject of Real Estateinvestment . It is directed to the novice . The contents delineate `` Nothing Down Techniques '' involving no cash . The author explainsthat not all debt is bad . Debt is good if it can pay off themortgage and provide a positive cash flow . The book shows how topurchase the ugly house on the street at a low price and sellhigh . Buyers can find great bargains from lists of condemnedhouses . Today , the HUD has many programs directed towardfixing up neighborhoods . There is a website `` Findtheseller.com '' . Some perspective investors even leave business cards in vacanthouses to develop leads . Overall , this work is a good investmentif you will implement the recommendations contained , do therequired research and be patient !
 I must say I do not understand what any of the negative reviews are about . I have to say that I was skeptical before I read this book but after reading it -LRB- with an open mind -RRB- I can easily say this is the BEST book , far and away , that you will find for the starting Real Estate Investor ! It tells you exactly what to say and do to be successful ! My personal copy has been highlighted from cover to cover and I still use it as a reference book in looking for ways to increase my business . It is well worth the $ 20 investment ! A must have for the serious starting Real Estate investor ! -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I became aware of Ron Legrand 2 years ago , and the first time I listened to him speak , I realized he had something you ca n't find on late night infomercials . STREET SMARTS ! He has mastered the art of communication from the seller 's point of view as if he 's reading their cards on every big hand at the poker table . I only rate the book a 4 star effort because he is better to listen to ! A remarkable man who has helped American dreams come true , by the thousands . Thanks Ron and Amazon!KeithMaryland , USA
 Unlike many real estate get rich purveyors , Ron is the real deal . He actively practices what he preaches -LRB- today , not 25 years ago -RRB- , shoots straight , and does n't sugar coat his opinions . Having met him personally several times in venues other than his own , the book is true to his style . Contrary to another review that sees the book as `` worthless motivational stuff '' . Ron tells it like it is . Most of us fail because we do n't get off the the couch , turn off the TV , and get moving . This book is a great overview of real estate investing that can be done without using your own money or credit , and , the `` Rolodex '' of suppliers and street smart advice about structing deals is worth a thousand times the price of the book . If you want more detail , buy his programs , or attend a seminar , but do n't expect to make money without working and learning .
 Will Rogers is supposed to have made the comment , `` Buy real estate , they are n't making any more of it . '' And I 'd guess that more money has been made in real estate than in any other area -LRB- escept Bill Gates -RRB- . The key , as Mr. LeGrand says , is that you have to work at it . Do n't think that you wo n't have to pay your dues and work the problem.This book is a result of his experience in buying and selling houses , and even more in teaching other people how to buy and sell houses . It covers all the aspects . Finding the house , doing repairs that may be necessary , cleaning up the dead -LRB- One house I recently bought had a legal description saying that the lot was smaller than the house itself . It took three meetings of the city council , surveryors , public notices in the newspaper , etc. to get the legal description clear - the old legal description was written in 1869 and had n't been changed in 135 years . -RRB- All the ins and outs are described here in clear and easy to understand terms . He reports on the deals he has made , some good , some not so good . Unfortunately that 's the way he had to learn , reading his report is a lot easier than taking the hit in the pocket book and with the mental anguish . You wo n't learn everything you need to know from this book , consider it a start .
 I heard Ron Legrand 's name several times before a person making more money than me , recommeded finding one of his books and reading it ... . I did , and I will never regret it . In response to one of the other reviews , do n't expect to learn everything about real estate from a book , why would you want to trust a book that much ? It does n't matter , the book gives me more info about real estate than I could find in any other book and this was only about my 10th real estate book and probably the last book on real estate I will ever buy . It explains different aspects of real estate like the different kinds of sales then explains them - I would read about someone doing a `` short sale '' in another book and not know what it is the whole book , Ron at least explains all the different ways to `` acquire '' a house and good situations to use them . Not only that but gives suggestions about IRA 's , and some of his advice reminds me of a Robert Kiosaki book but goes just a bit further .
 This is certainly a book for beginners . If you 're at all experienced in real estate investment , then you should probably skip it.If , however , you 're trying to break into the real estate investment business but lack cash , credit , and much knowledge on what to do with distressed properties and/or distressed sellers , then this could be a great place to start . Your education wo n't end here , but it could start -LRB- and you do n't have to sign up for expensive seminars ... but you will probably have to join a local real estate investment association and get hooked up with people willing to teach you -RRB- . Did anyone really think they were going to get all of the information they needed in a $ 20 book ? Of course not ... but there is certainly enough good information here for a complete novice to justify a $ 20 investment . If you read this book , either the light-bulb will go off over your head or it wo n't . You 'll either get motivated to get out there and do a deal -LRB- or at least try -RRB- , or you wo n't . Just remember ... to have something you have never had , you must do something you have never done .
 Ron 's book is remarkable . I have been doing Real Estate Investing the LeGrand way for a year now . I have made a great profit and my wife and I are very excited about the prospect for the future . This book is a good foundation for more education on creative real estate by Ron and others.Quick Turn Real Estate is not a Get Rich Quick Scheme like some of the others , but it is a Get Rich Business . You can do this !!! with no money or credit !! I have done deals on properties of over $ 350,000 with only $ 250 of my own money in the deal.This book takes over where Robert Kiyosaki left off . It is the meat of the entree . I did n't know how to do real estate investing after the Rich Dad 's Series , but it got me interested just like it was suppose to do . Ron and his techniques will get me where Robert said I needed to go.Fantastic . Buy it . Read it . Live it . Do n't be a thinker brain , be an alligator brain and just do it .
 Yes ... Ron is right ... ` do n't expect miracles from a book . ' Folks ... this is n't a read a few chapters and suddenly be a genius type thing . He gives you examples of ways he has made tons of money in real estate and you should n't expect everything to work as planned or for there to be everything you need in this book . You still have to work your market ... test stuff out ... gain experience ... learn the ropes ... etc etc. . For all the naysayers ... I would say read it again and again ... buy a few other books too ... join some real estate forums ... if you really want to succeed in real estate . And about his plugs for his bootcamps/courses ... they are very good ... but you do n't need them ... do with what you have and take ACTION.I 'm reminded of a saying I heard a while ago `` We will either find a way or make one . '' Good Luck
 I just read a few of the reviews of Ron Legrand 's book , and noticed that most people blast him . I would like to do just the opposite . I understand that I will be in the minority here , but then again , I am retired at 43 , so I suppose I am already in the minority.I have nothing but praise for Ron and this book which 5 years ago started me on the road to retirement . It armed me with just enough knowledge to do my first wholesale deal . I found a house that I was able to put under contract according to Ron 's advice and then flipped the contract -LRB- not even the house but the paper -RRB- to another investor . I made just over $ 5000 for a few hours of work!I was absolutely hooked . I used that 5k to attend one of his boot camps and about 1 year later I quit working as an engineer and within another year I was able to basically quit working altogether . I still buy houses , in fact I closed on one earlier this week , basically quit working altogether . I still buy houses , in fact I closed on one earlier this week , but I do not get up at the crack of dawn to sit in traffic like most of you reading this review . I have continued to attend his seminars , as well as other seminars related to real estate and Online Marketing . Since I am no longer part of the rat race I do n't feel like university classes can teach me much , and seminars are a more viable approach for a person like me who has not used an alarm clock in several years.Is the book incomplete ? Yes . Will it give you enough information to get started ? Yes . Is it a plug for his courses ? Yes . Will his courses change your life YES ! If you are SERIOUS about getting yourself free from corporate slavery then I absolutely recommend it ; however , if you are going to be one of the whiners who is disappointed because they read a book and magic fairies did not come and make them rich , then I suspect that any book like this will not be enough for you . Here 's a hint for you folks , the books are not the problem ...
 A perfect fit for our Professional Writing and Editing course , since it includes a number of genres that we wanted to cover , from fundraising letters to feature articles to resumes . AND it 's concise .
 THIS BOOK OFFERS EXCELLENT WRITING INFORMATION . A MUST FOR SOMEONE WHO WORKS IN A PROFESSIONAL WRITING RELATED FIELD OR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO LEARN HOW TO WRITE EFFECTIVELY.I REALLY ENJOYED READING , WRITING ON THE JOB . HIGHLY RECOMMANDED . THANKS JB
 I picked up this book for my college class on the study of Native Americans from Civil War to present . Even though this is an educational biography on boarding school life , it is actually quite intriguing . Brenda Child completely covers the topic with very interesting material . I wo n't say that Boarding School Seasons is one of my favorites , but if you are interested in the topic of Indian boarding schools , then you will actually be suprised at how easy it is for this book to keep your attention . If you are viewing this book for a college course , then your class should n't be too hard . This is one of the few college required texts that I actually managed to enjoy
 This short , easy to read book presents a basic overview of boarding school issues which occurred throughout the U.S. during the boarding school era . Brenda Child 's book concentrates on the Red Lake Ojibwes who attended boarding school at Flandreau specifically . The book also uses personal stories of students and their families in vignettes preserved through letters sent to and from Flandreau . I found this book well-written , readable , and recommended as an overview of the boarding school era .
 Another book with stories about the trauma that the Boarding Schools caused our Indian People of Turtle Island . Many of us are products of the Historical Trauma that our ancestors endured at the hands of the White Man !
 I have never seen a book quite like this , although I have come across self-help books or instructional guides which try to help with some simple guidelines . This book on the other hand gives complete and numerous examples and practical methods to achieve the goals given -LRB- Note
 By reading this book one certainly understands the radiance that comes of the pages ... for lack of better term ... a joyful energy that the author carries through out the entire book . At times it may appear it is all too easy and elementary but not so , depends on its application . It is a window to a vast ocean and one who thirsts for that water will certainly walk in that direction .
 When I read this book , I was so at peace with how easy is it to become healthy and happy !!! With this book , those who feel asthough they are always in duress , can see that they do n't have to be ! I have given this book to many of my friends , most of whomhave never practiced Sufism , or even heard about it , and they seemed to have loved it . Also the recipe for the soup is GREAT !!! I recommend this book to anyone who wants to be healthy and happy , and move on from their past !
 This book contains a sound , practical , and holistic approach to healing through Sufi methods.As I understand it , the main premise of this approach is that the body heals itself . To look at it this from a spiritual angle , the soul , whose physical manifestation is the body , is the all-knowing intelligent manager and healer , and if we stop interfering with it through our thoughts , habits , and mal-nutrition , it will preserve the balance that is a pre-requisite to healthy living and the main healing factor for existing complications.There is ample information relating to concentration and energy balancing techniques , physical exercises , and health boosting nutrition .
 If only all authors had such a delightful way of presenting spiritual teachings and healing methods . Keep it coming !
 The maps are great as expected from Michelin , but note that this book covers the Gulf Coast only . No complete state is mapped . The Atlantic coast of Florida is not mapped . It covers from Brownsville , TX to Miami , FL but only for about a hundred miles inshore .
 The Quantum Quark by Andrew WatsonIn the preface , Watson explains his book '' ... focuses on quantum chromodynamics , the essentials of how it works and how it came into being . '' He goes on to say `` At the modest cost of a complete story ... The Quantum Quark explores QCD in more detail than all other books on particle physics intended for a wider readership . '' And finally assures the reader , '' ... this is a pleasant stroll through great ideas , and not a textbook . '' I agree on all accounts.Let me qualify to whom I think this book will attract.Some of us are deeply curious , intelligent & interested folks - actively seeking answers and doggedly pursuing the richness of fundamental physics at a readership that spans a range well past the `` golly-gee ! '' pop-physics level -LRB- e.g. Hawking/Green -RRB- but striving , reaching , stretching on tip-toes below the University academic level with its rigorous mathematical quantification proofs and rules . While it is meant for a serious lay-reader and undeniably non-mathematical in its presentation , this is definitely not light reading . People who are n't afraid of becoming a little lost while navigating the figurative ` forest through the trees ' can have courage this book will guide them if they 're patient and willing to be led . To be sure , the dedicated reader will aquire a nodding acquaintance with concepts of conservation laws , symmetries , gauge theory , and U -LRB- 1 -RRB- X SU -LRB- 2 -RRB- & SU -LRB- 3 -RRB- group theories -LRB- which ultimately account for and lie at the root of the most fundamental physical laws -RRB- and last , but not least , a good conceptual grip of QCD . A willingness to do some re-reading will bode you well . The trip can be somewhat heavy going with its deep , abstract and technical description of a fundamentally mathematical subject - but it is well worth the wear & tear on the intellectual soles of your mind . Ultimately , this is an account of humanity 's pinnacle intellectual achievement.OK , so what have we got here?TABLE OF CONTENTS1 Introduction 12 Symmetry 93 The quantum world 194 Toward QCD 1105 The one number of QCD 2696 The gregarious gluon 2887 Quarks and hadrons 3058 Quarks under the microscope 3289 Much ado about nothing 37010 Checkerboard QCD 391Appendix 1 A QCD chronology 413Appendix 2 Greek alphabet & SI prefixes 426The introduction does its job setting the scope of subjects
 The Quantum Quark is a close look at quantum chromodynamics that does not require an extensive mathematics or physics background of the reader . Freelance science journalist and regular contributor to `` Science '' magazine Andrew Watson explores such topics as the quantum world , `` the gregarious gluon '' , quarks and hadrons , the true significance of the vacuum state , and much more . A handful of black-and-white diagrams and photographs illustrate this fascinating tour of scientific theory , recommended for anyone with even the most casual interest in understanding the fundamental particles composing the Universe .
 Not a casual read but for a person like myself , a graduate in Physics in 1969 , it represents the most concise , complete and readable history of particle Physics as it stands today . It is an incredible piece of work . The appendix alone is a work of art .
 I can scarcely add to the outstanding reviews already here ! Just to say , if you 're into quark physics , or just plain ol' particle physics , you need to get this book . Every page is packed with fascinating stuff you ca n't get anywhere else in the popular press.This book gets real technical in many places . If you 're a complete physics newbie , I might suggest you improve your general knowledge of quantum physics first . Also , a good place to start with quark physics isQuarks
 One of my best friends has assembled a rather amazing library of some 200 books
 Provides interesting information on a number of topics that you never realized you needed to know - like `` Why do horses in an open field always seem to stand head to tail ? '' Then there 's `` Why do roaches always die on their backs ? '' And `` Why do women in the U.S. shave their armpits ? ''
 my daugther is very curious . she reads the book and tells me all the little bits of knowledge she has gained . She is really enjoying it .
 Full of very interesting info . which we probably never needed to know Bought for a 14 year old who really liked some of his previous books .
 The book was shipped very well and not damaged from shipping . But , I have to say there was damage from many sharpie marks scrawled on the bottom of the book .
 I fully enjoyed reading and learning with this book . It is a great book to read when you have limited time . Short , funny and to the point .
 I have always been interested in weird things and this fills my need
 I do n't know . I have n't read it . I just like all the trivial facts that I get in my daily email from trivia mailer
 Smith Wigglesworth was an amazing man of God , and you will be blessed by his writings . This book has FOUR of his other books , combined into one.Smith Wigglesworth on HealingSmith Wigglesworth on the Holy SpiritSmith Wigglesworth on the Spiritual GifsSmith Wigglesworth on FaithThese four books are available individually , but each is well over the cost of this single book . Get it ! Read it ! Be blessed !
 Smith Wigglesworth may be thought of as one of those `` old-timers '' from an age gone by , but if there is one thing to be learned from this , as well as his other writings , it is this
 I enjoyed this book . Its a huge compilation on several aspects of spiritual growth -LRB- faith , healing , spiritual gifts , etc -RRB- . The accounts of Smith being used by God to raise the dead , heal the sick , drive out evil spirits was so phenomenal , it almost makes you feel convicted that you are not living on a higher spiritual plateau . It definitely urges the reader to live ` above the norm ' and to keep growing in your relationship with Christ.I would give it 10 stars if available ! Please get it if you are seeking greater levels in Christ .
 This is not a book for the casual seeker . Wigglesworth could not tone down the shout that directed his Life . He `` flatout '' believed the Word enables us to walk as Jesus walked , if we are n't timid about `` receiving '' . He defined his walk so clearly that every serious seeker can benefit from his life . You will want to also buy one for a friend . This is several of his books in one publication .
 Greater Works
 This book has greatly inspired me to trust God in greater ways even in the details of life - concerning any needs or problems . It challenges me to reach out to others and pray confidently for them as well . I want these truths from God 's word to penetrate my mind and soul till I am consistently walking in them and experiencing God 's powerful presence in new ways .
 The book shows faith in ACTION.This was an amazing man , but he himself thought it was just a normal way for a christian to live . Maybe he was right . But what does that say about our christian lives nowadays?This is an updated version of the original work . It is an easy read . I wonder what the original was like.All in all , VERY MUCH WORTH READING . This man 's GOD is incredible ! What is so beautiful about it , is that his God is ACTIVE in his life every day in a miraculous way ! And his God always acted in accordance with the Bible . Looks like we need to look again , much deeper , at that wonderful old book , the BIBLE.We should pattern our faith more like his . We need such miracles these days , more now than ever ! We need sermons like these nowadays . They come on strong , but they build real faith !
 If you are into the bible , feel a sense you are n't experiencing all that you desire from within the church , THEN , this book will change your life . You must read it slowly and dwell upon what is being said . You may want to review given scriptures . But , if you are seeking more of God , this book will allow your heart and mind to become one with Him . Days are short and God is still calling His people to order that they fulfill their purpose upon this earth . Still seeking to know your purpose ? This book will open you up from within and show you the way of truly living a joyous life while giving all the glory to God .
 I never thought that the Holy Spirit can inspired someone to live a life of total faith and believed in Jesus , and his Word . I wish I had known about these teachings when I was a new born believer . Had I no listen to so many teachers , most of them with good intentions but just like Paul sincerely wrong , I would had never lost my faith . Now thanks to God and the teachings of this godly man , I am hoping to gained or recuperate what the devil had stolen from me through those so call good men of God , but so out of sync with God 's will .
 t his is a book that you must r ead with your spirit , the natural man and his 5 senses will not accept the wonderful life changing work which god does not man andhe is doing it all tahe time if you will just believe
 smith wigglesworth was such an annointed man of God that he could bring people back from death and healed many of their afflictions
 I really enjoyed this book . I found that it increased my faith to believe for the signs and wonders and the supernatural of God . Did n't always agree with everything that was written but there is no denying this man 's faith , hope and trust in God 's Word .
 In the 70s I had dreams of flying and plodded through college to make it happen . But , a physical found me color deficient and in need of finding a new direction . The two books that keep those dreams in the back of my mind include Bach 's GIFT OF WINGS ; the other is Gann 's FATE IS THE HUNTER . I still have hopes that Bach will find reality and return to serious aviation writing , now that Gann is gone ...
 As a pilot of light aircraft , I find this book a very good read . Mr Bach has a way of making the reader feel as they are a part of the story .
 Read this when it was first published . Have given it as a gift to fellow pilots probably 30 times in the past 30 years . Pilots love to tell stories , but few are truly writers .
 Some really good short stories both for readability and philosophy . Bach has written several other good books such as ` Biplane ' and ` Nothing by Chance ' .
 I read this book almost by accident at a critical time in my life . The improbable spiritual experiences which Richard accounts in a variety of ways in this collection of his earlier short stories have been repeatedly fulfilled in my life in ways I would not believe had I not lived them . Sharing the story , `` Aviation or flying ... '' , with my wife brought me to tears , resulting in her immediate response of , `` I think you 'd better get your a __ to the airport '' , and she did n't have to ask me twice . The end result was life changing in that I knew within 24 hours what I wanted to do with my life . I set my sights on a livelihood of flying , pursued that goal vigorously and totally for the next ten years , and ended with 7000 hours of pure joy as an Alaska bush pilot . I could write my own book of the wonderful , and spiritual , experiences I have enjoyed over the past quarter century as a direct result of reading one little book . Thank you , Richard Bach , for sharing .
 Many years ago a writer created tremendous excitement with a bestselling book . The book was `` Jonathon Livingston Seagull '' and the writer was Richard Bach.The `` Bird Book '' was followed by several others , including `` Illusions
 I 've read Richard Bach 's work for the past 40 years , and even though this little gem sat on my library shelves , I 'd never made time for it . Now that I 've finished it , I must say , not only do I like it , not only do I love it , but now I want to take flying lessons ! Many of the aviation articles in this volume are among Bach 's earliest work , but his page is his canvas , his words paints in hues never before seen , his creations majestic . Did I say , `` I love this book '' ? Oh , I did ? Well , that 's right - I do !
 Even if you are not a flying junkie , you probably will like this book . Reading it is almost as good as flying .
 The book is good , ineresting , each chapter stands alone so it is easy to read a bit and return later .
 Richard Bach delivers an inspiring story using flight as his spiritual metaphor . A wonderful story . Not as good as Jonathan Livingston Seagull but still worth the read . I file it with my spiritual books to inspire .
 When people ask why I love flying so much , I 'm always tempted to give them a copy of A Gift of Wings . My father gave me this book on my 16th birthday along with vouchers for my first flying lessons . Nearly twenty years later , I value this book nearly as much as the memories I have of learning to fly . In this collection of short stories from the sixties and seventies , Richard Bach manages to capture the allure of aviation with an extremely rare talent . I have now read this book at least a dozen times and it never fails to rekindle my passion for flight . Before any student pilot is taught anything about the practicalities of flying a plane , they should first be required to read this book . If you 're a pilot , you 'll immeadiately love this book and if you are n't a pilot , it will make you want to become one .
 One of the greatest books written for people who love flying , or to inspire someone to pursue learning to fly .
 Richard Bach gives the pilot good stories to relate to , and the ground-bound stories to halt the tedium of day-to-day , earth-pounding life . This book is a good read whether you fly or not . While all of the stories are about flight , Bach has a distinctive way to throw some philosophy in and gets you thinking about your beliefs before you even realize it . Yet another beautifully written book by Richard Bach .
 A wonderful collection of short stories dedicated to the joy of flying ... just for the enjoyable aspect.If you 've ever considered learning to fly , and wondered why , read this book !
 I 've been reading seriously since I was 13 or so . After 16 years , whenever I am asked about what was the best book I ever read , I always end up with one of Dick Bach 's books , and invariably , A Gift of Wings come first . And that 's after one hundred or so books read ! Much of my interest in airplanes , flying and any above-the-earth transportation method I owe to him , and re-reading his books is a habit I praise .
 `` A Gift of Wings '' and Bach 's `` Stranger to the Ground , '' led to my earning a Private Pilot 's License , the second most influential event in my life . After reading Bach , I had little choice
 For pilots and lovers of flight , this is a ` must have ' book . It 's a collection of 48 magazine articles Richard Bach wrote from the the late 1960 's / early 1070 's -LRB- with a couple of even earlier ones -RRB- . They originally appeared in Flying , Air Progress , Private Pilot , Argosy , Sport Flying , and Air Facts . The topics range from classic Bach railing against the FAA by cheering for the Outlaws , to barnstorming , to Egyptians flying , to applying at United Airlines . There is an awesome article describing his favourite books , his relationship with pilots that write , complete with a reading list . There is even a little one-page article from 1959 , ` There 's something the matter with seagulls . ' He was thinking about seagull acrobatics for a while ... It 's all flying and thoughts about flying . Unlocking the magic box of flight with wonderful words .
 I bought this book soon after I started taking flying lessons in 1975 . I have given copies of it to friends with the inscription
 Bach describes flight like no one else . This book is the closest one can describe the feelings of adventure in the air with words .
 This is one one of the few but great books on my bedside table . Ever since a sentimental favorite book of mine . Eversince taking up and graduating Aeronuatical Engineering in college and a flying course after , this book together with the Bible was always on my flightbag thereafter . Now I even have a copy in my office . It supplied me with inspiration and motivation . It describes the joy in fying , the drama and excitement of flight and the philosophy of the air . A wonderful book and true adventure in a paperback book to aviators and non-aviators of all ages !
 Richard Bach describes the marvel of flight so well in his easily-digested shorts about airplanes , personal journeys , and philosophy . I almost do n't need the book anymore - several of the stories are so easily recalled , not for their context of wings and propellers and runways , but for the enthusiastic care for freedom and self-determination that Bach extends to the reader .
 Richard Bach has a gift of using metaphore to write his experience ... . You do n't have to be a Pilot nor a Seagull to get caught in his web ... . His uinque way of enfolding one into his story , is most delightful ... IF your ready for a very unique experience , in reading , be careful ... . You 'll have a hard time putting the book down , and not wanting to read more of him , and in the process , you just might learn something about yourself ... I 've been hooked , -LRB- as you will -RRB- for years on his books ...
 If you love flying , or the feeling of freedom that comes with flight -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB- , then you will absolutely adore this Richard Bach amazing creation . Beautifully written , it will expand your horizons and touch your soul!Arlene Millmanauthor of BOOMERANG - A MIRACLE TRILOGY
 This has been my favorite book since I was a young boy , and inspired me to become a pilot . It is my first recommendation to an aspiring pilot , over and above any technical training manual . THE END .
 Richard Bach did it again . He took the the science and technology of flying and turned it into art and psychology . I have given this book away as a gift to anyone who needs to remember why they fly . If you want to remember why you fly - ask Richard Bach ...
 I am on an intellectual quest to understand what makes a man a hero and a woman a heroine.Thomas Carlyle did an amazing amount of research and is the first book in a long seriesthat I will read on mythological heroes/heroines and actual heroes/heroines in history.I am interested in how mythological heroes/heroines carried on through the ages and how they influencedactual heroes/heroines throughout history.I was lucky enough to come across this book on archive.org and was able to downloadit and read it for free.The prose of this century is sometimes convoluted which causes you to spend more timetrying to understand and then reflect on the author 's words.The book was , as I said , the first read of many to come on an intellectual quest tounderstand the whole ` hero/heroine ' concept.I am glad I came across this book . This book piqued my interest more on the whole mythology ofheroism .
 19th Century Social Thought is given in terms of heroes.Thinkers like Carlyle are really rare.Book is composed of his lectures about Paganism , Islam , Shakspeare , Puritanism etc. in 1840 .
 This is a real treat to read , with a wonderfully appropriate grand finale which depends on surprise ! A unique and suspenseful twist on the traditional murder mystery , this novel is based on the real-life character of Lord Lucan , who in 1974 killed his children 's nanny by mistake instead of killing his wife . Though he vanished and has never been found , many have suspected that he has been housed and hidden over the years by a series of aristocratic friends.In this satiric approach to the true-crime genre , Spark gives us wacky , off-the-wall characters -- including two men who claim to be the `` real '' Lord Lucan . Adding to the dramatic mix are variety of aristocratic `` aiders and abettors '' who have protected and financially supported Lucan for twenty-five years , a psychiatrist who was once a phony stigmatic but who is now treating both `` Lord Lucans , '' and several former acquaintances who now want Lucan caught , not because they believe that murder is wrong , but because times have changed -- `` Lucky Lucan failed to show up -LSB- for questioning -RSB- , which was really lowering our standards ... he was a very great bore . `` Satiric and mordantly critical of aristocratic pretension , this is vintage Spark . Her plotting is tight , with no loose ends and no digressions , and her selection of details is exquisitely careful and controlled . Her themes and motifs , especially those of blood as it relates to both crime and breeding , are so intricately connected to all the characters and the plot , that it is difficult to discuss them without giving away the clever plot twists . And Spark does all this in less than two hundred pages . It is impossible not to read this at a gallop to find out what happens -- while smiling the whole time at Spark 's wry wit . Mary Whipple
 The high-brow farce of `` Aiding and Abetting '' revolves around two drawn-from-real-life criminals who both have `` blood on their hands . '' The first , Lord `` Lucky '' Lucan , who intended to murder his wife but mistakenly killed his children 's nanny , disappeared in 1974 and has n't been seen since . The second is Beate Pappenheim/Hildegard Wolf , a fraudulent stigmatic and faith healer who bamboozled her followers before escaping with a fortune.But , to complicate matters even further , Spark adds a third impostor
 Twenty-five years after the murder of nanny Sandra Rivett , two Lord Lucans consult Parisian psychiatrist Dr. Hildegard Wolf . The anniversary is also the catalyst for a new investigation into Lucan 's disappearance , conducted by the daughter of one of Lucan 's former friends . Hildegard is initially shocked by having to treat two Lucans , but then takes it in her stride . One of the Lucans , obviously , has to be fake , but which one ? However , both Lucans know about Hildegard 's subversive past , and have got a hold on her , forcing her to flee . If it 's one thing Lucan knows well , it 's how to run ... Resumes of this novel ca n't help but sound fantastic and more than a little distasteful . After all , those who suffered from Lucan 's crime are still living . However , the disappearance of Lucan remains as enigmatic today as it ever was . The rumours of what happened to him , and what actually happened on the night he killed Sandra Rivett are numerous . All these are discussed in Spark 's novel , although the common belief amongst Lucan 's former friends that he must have killed himself is arbitrarily dismissed . The question is how could such a dull man ever have evaded capture for so long ? One of the most improbable stories about Lucan , printed in the Guardian at the time of the murder , was that he was once considered for the film role of James Bond.It seems that Muriel Spark has borrowed the name of Robert Walker -LRB- the alias of one of the Lucans -RRB- , from Hitchcock 's film ` Strangers on a Train ' . This fits her story since both Lucans are presumed to be in collusion with one another for some reason . In Hitchcock 's film , Robert Walker kills Farley Granger 's wife , and then blackmails Granger to murder his business tycoon father . Both Lucans blackmail Hildegard about her shady past . I could n't find any reference to the fake stigmatic Spark based this part of her story upon , but there is another stigmatic of Bavaria in history , who was called Teresa Neumann . All in all , the magic of Spark 's prose and characterisation draws you in . The only moment that you may have trouble trying to believe is when the young Lacey and the aged Joseph Murray fall in love when searching for Lucan . Maybe this will draw the attentions of Hollywood to this novel ! This intriguing story is composed in a tasteful , elegant way , and there are moments when you ca n't help but burst into laughter , such is Muriel Spark 's great wit . I have n't given this novella full marks though , because it does have quite limited ambitions . I think it could also have gone straight into paperback - it does n't seem good value at a hardcover price .
 Everything in * Aiding and Abetting * is doubled -- the characters , the plot lines , the language , even the title . And this division runs through the book and gives it a strangely opaque equipoise in the midst of its frenetically jammed incidents and its plethora of characters . All this in 166 pages ! The tone is moral , but the perspective from which judgments should emanate is not immediately apparent , though we are presented with villains and rogues aplenty . The result is a breathless and giddy novel , like many of her others . How much pleasure this affords you I suppose is a matter of personal taste , but I loved every balanced sentence of it , and I found its deadpan hilarity so captivating that my immediate reaction on finish it the first time was to start it again . Muriel Spark is inimitable ; this is one of her best .
 Muriel Spark 's new novel interweaves the story of Lord Lucan , a dissolute English Earl who murdered his children 's nanny and tried to kill his wife in 1974 , then disappeared , with the story of Hildegard Wolf , a psychiatrist with an unconventional method of treating patients and a secret past of her own.Rumours of Lord Lucan 's whereabouts continue to pop up
 Muriel Sparks ' latest novel `` Aiding & Abetting '' does n't take up much shelf space but sure proves the adage that less may be more ! This psychological thriller , based on the unsolved Lord Lucan murder mystery , is so cleverly constructed and seamlessly meshed with the subject of another true story - that of the fake stigmatic Beate Pappenheim - I found myself unable to stop until I finished it in one sitting . Sparks ' ingenious plotting is once again evident in the way the pulsating narrative takes unexpected twists and turns that keeps you in total suspense with the unyielding promise of a surprise ending . I felt my heart thumping and my mind racing just watching the two Lucans and Hildegarde and their aiders connive and plot to outwit each other . The novel may have taken class as its starting point but it is blood that binds their fate . Nobody writes like Sparks these days . Her dry wit and rare economy with words make for an eloquence that is both unique and unparalleled . It is also a hallmark of great writing . `` Aiding & Abetting '' may be her best work in recent times . This slim novel sure packs a wallop . It comes highly recommended .
 Muriel Spark 's novels have always been fabulous and Aiding and Abetting is certainly no exception . It is a fictional account of an actual murder suspect from Great Britain in the early 70s . Lord Lucan was accused of murdering his children 's nanny and the attempted murder of his wife , but escaped capture . Although there are those that suspect he then killed himself , there are others who believe he has been living in some form of exile , with the help of many of his wealthy friends , the aiders and abettors the novel 's title refers to . In this novel , we meet two `` Lord Lucans '' , both seeking treatment in the present day from Dr. Hildegard Wolf , a psychiatrist practicing in France . She too is escaping some deceptions of her past -LRB- although they are no where near as heinous as murder -RRB- . She initally believes they are both frauds , but things begin to change her mind . The novel also follows the paths of two people who believe they are closing in on Lord Lucan . But are they ? This is an intriguing novella that tells an interesting story . Spark 's writing is fabulous , as usual . Enjoy .
 A mystery filled with wit , and based on the famous Lord Lucan case -LRB- a murderer who escaped , and to this day , no one knows if he 's alive or dead -RRB- . Spark has not lost her touch , and this is a short , engaging book that you wo n't want to put down .
 A wonderful book that can be read in one sitting , which I did . The psychiatrist , with her strange background , is sufficiently weird and fits right in with the rest of the characters.Loved the ending . It could happen . Maybe it has !
 25 years after the seventh Earl of Lucan clobbered his wife and killed the nanny , he shows up in Paris at the office of psychiatrist Dr. Hildegard Wolf . But she already has a patient who claims to be Lord Lucan . Will the real one please prove it ? And what about Hildegard , who really is Beate Pappenheim , a fugitive fake stigmatic from Bavaria ? The author has great fun twisting things around between these three bad people , at times coming close to the Keystone Cops . But blood will tell , with murder , with stigmata and with the British nobility . This book does not make much sense , but it is good fluffy fun.Amusing sideline
 Muriel Spark has n't lost her touch . AIDING AND ABETTING is n't one of her very best novels -LRB- of her more recent books I prefer REALITY AND DREAMS , although AIDING AND ABETTING is far superior to SYMPOSIUM -RRB- , but it 's still a very good book.As one reviewer below notes , a curious doubling is one of the tropes of this book -- mistaken and overlapping identities mask , I suspect , a concern with lack of identity . Spark handles her various themes with her usual grace , wit , and , most importantly , economy . This book is 166 pages , and Spark uses every one of them well -LRB- even when she tells us something twice , we can be sure it is for a good reason -RRB- . One final note
 This was a very quick read and very enjoyable . Made my plane ride fly bye . Pun partially intended . Well written and structured , it never loses your interest at any point . I definitely recommend this book to just about anyone .
 Aiding and Abetting represents my first introduction to Spark 's work outside of film , and it will definitely not be the last , at least as long as I can afford to add her titles to my personal library . Dr. Hildegard Wolf is one of the most unique protagonists in modern fiction . Her entanglement with the possible Lord Lucan , based on the real life case , and the possible imposter Walker , though derivative , is actually a study of social pretence , and how the web of our inter-connecting selves can make getting at the truth of the self not only elusive , but nearly impossible , even with skillful back stories offering the reader hints and insinuations . Even when it comes to who we love , as with the supporting character Jean-Pierre , who seems devoted to the Hildegard in her current incarnation , there are some uneasy shadings surrounding the authenticity of that attachment.The novel 's end carries a bit of the good fun fantastical that has a long tradition in the history of English letters , but allowing for that little twist , Spark 's work is a brilliant study that rivals the like of Waugh or Forster .
 I truly enjoyed this novella , with its tropes of double identity adding up to a delicious comedy . I also want to praise the writing -LRB- I can not fathom how the commentator just below me could miss this -RRB- which is spare and elegant and makes every word count . You do n't need to know anything about the Lacan case -- I had never heard of him prior to reading Aiding & Abetting -- but it helps to be interested at least somewhat in the British aristocracy . That class ' bizarre double standards and pure unconsciousness about certain flaws has never been brought out better . In fact , Sparks ' illustration of the aristocratic attitude is scary in its amorality.A very entertaining and representative novella and a terrific introduction to Sparks ' work .
 It seems odd that the major campaigns of World War II which were fought in the Americas should be neglected by historians , but this is certainly the case . Laudably , in recent years somewhat more attention has been paid to the war in Alaska and the Aleutians , but both the defense of the Panama Canal and the intense antisubmarine campaign in the Caribbean are still little-known . Mr. Hagedorn 's book goes a long way toward filling this vacuum . Particularly striking is the case he makes for the `` useless '' Douglas B-18 , `` the bomber the Air Corps bought when it should have bought the B-17 , '' to paraphrase popular sentiment . In fact the B-18 met the Air Corps specification for which it was designed , and gave yeoman service in a role for which it was n't
 Historian Dan Hagedorn has spent a great deal of time combing through the multitude of files in various archives . That work shines in `` Alae Supra Canalem '' . It is a well researched and organized book . After giving a detailed overview of the development of American air power in central america from the birth of aviation , Hagedorn recounts the near-panic rush to protect the strategic Panama Canal from attack and sabotage in the 1940 's . He outlines the strength , weaponry and stations of every unit . Fears of an invasion fleet coming over the horizon at the war 's beginning are related in directness that gives respect to the missions of those who were there . The crucial impact of this force 's fight against German submarines in the Caribbean is recounted in detail that is totally missing in other histories . This book brings a unique angle to the Second World War . And it will be sure to bring back many memories for the men and women who served their country in that theatre of war . It certainly did for my grandfather ; he was delighted that his contribution to the war effort had finally been chronicled . Numerous photos of airmen , their planes and where they lived and worked were gleaned from both government files and veterans , which gives an inside look at the subject .
 An excellent summary of a subject that has had virtually no public coverage . Book is mostly hard data , serial numbers , and subject-specific facts , with no padding and no waffle . Outstanding ! -LRB- Review by an old coot with 55 years warbird involvement -RRB- .
 Although best known for her prize winning play ` Crimes of the Heart , Ms. Henley has written numerous other plays , some award winning , some made into movies but all of then generally being considered as preserving regional theater voices to the stage and doing so with a wider appeal.This book , one of a series on contemporary American writers . They are designed to explain the regional variations , the deviations from the standard form if you will that new writers keep evolving . The books explain the material , themes , use of language , point of view , structures , symbolism and responses of the writer . It shows the reader what the author is attempting to express and the means by which it is conveyed . They are not an attempt to take the place of the writers art , but to provide for the reader certain background information that makes the reader have a more profitable literary experience.This book by Dr. Andreach discusses Ms. Henley 's plays in a way that shows how her craft is developing over time and the relationship between her works from first to last .
 I was really surprised that there was another Nevada book by Zane Grey . I had originally wanted another copy of the first book , Nevada , but when I saw this one I just had to buy it . Thanks !
 This is a book little kids would like . It is about the princess of Etheria , who uses a magic crown to help people in need . But something goes wrong . To find out what and why , read this book . You will love it .
 This is one of the greatest resource books I 've ever used ! It is so comprehensive , in that it provides resource information for everything from professional associations to book clubs . I 'm a Guidance Counselor for the US Army , and I 've used it on several occassions in counseling women on career matters . What was really astounding was that all of the phone numbers I called were correct ! Many of the organizations are National and therefore are not only helpful to women in the Washington area , but for women throughout the country as well . The only other thing that I could say is thankyou , to the author for providing such a valuable tool for women . It has enriched and enhanced my life in many ways .
 This book is very helpful . It provides a world of information that will help anyone be able to get around and get involved in their community .
 This book relenquishes a wealth of information and services that are available in the Washington D.C. area .
 According to Gazale ' , `` Hero of Alexandria defined the gnomon as that figure -LRB- a number or a geometric figure -RRB- which , when added to another figure , results in a figure similar to the original . '' Gazale 's book is , therefore , about self-similarity in numbers and geometry.The subject sounds simple enough , but I found this to be a pretty tough book . That might be partly due to the fact that I 've always had a hard time focusing my attention on number theory . This book has a lot of basic stuff about numbers , and I found much of that subject rather tedious and -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- boring . I know that 's an ignorant thing to say - after all , mathematics is a beautiful subject in its own right , and there is some really neat stuff in number theory . But it was still a tough book for me to wade through.The introduction is mostly historical background , and a little truncated . It serves primarily to illustrate a few basic concepts in self-similarity . The author continues this theme with a short description of figurate and m-adic numbers . Gazale tends to use more technical language than many casual readers are likely to recognize . Yet this really is n't a book on formal mathematics , either . It 's really somewhere in between.Gazale often draws on themes from Martin Gardner 's series of articles in Scientific American , and in some ways , his book reflects Gardner 's style . And , while much of this book seems focused on abstract details , there are occasional forays that illustrate amazing connections between what looks like pure mathematics and the real world.Chapter 2 , titled `` Continued Fractions , '' is foundational . I really enjoyed this section , and think the book is worth having for this chapter alone . Beginning with Euclid 's algorithm , Gazale offers a natural introduction to continued fractions . Then , in his characteristic style , he continues to explore every nook and cranny of this fascinating branch of mathematics . Among the most pleasing results of this chapter is his demonstration of the mirrored similarity in the appearance of numbers as they are represented by continued fractions , and as they are represented by our traditional positional number system . For example , he shows that both representations are always convergent and uniquely correspond to a number . However , while infinite periodic representations correspond to rational numbers in the positional system , they correspond to quadratic irrationals in the system of continue fractions . And , while transcendental and irrationals are infinite nonperiodic representations in both systems , there are some beautiful expressions of some transcendental numbers in the system of continued fractions that left me mesmerized.One particularly nice feature is the way the author summarizes the important equations at the back of each chapter . Some of these summaries are several pages long , and they actually do a good job of encapsulating the essential material . In fact , the summaries are so well done that , if you read the book , you probably will be able to go back and use the formulas in the back of the chapters without having to refer back to the text.If you ever wanted to know about the Fibonacci sequence , I can hardly imagine a book that will satisfy you better than this one . The first thing you will learn is that the Fibonacci sequence you met in grade school is just a small subset of a more general form . Then , in a whirlwind of mathematical activity you will see the general recursive formula -LRB- which depends , of course , on the seed and gnomonic numbers -RRB- . This is followed by explicit formulae for the terms of the sequence and even a demonstration of how some of these equations , in the limit , model the behavior of wave propagation in an electronic transducer ladder , and the movement of a ganged series of pulleys.A continuing source of amazement is the way in which the mathematical themes in this book are so interconnected . That 's fitting , I suppose , for a book called Gnomon . In the chapter on whorled figures we see many of the other subjects in this book reappearing.The book also has an excellent chapter on the golden number , and another on the silver number . The golden number , as you may know , shows up all over the place , and not just in Gazale 's book . Here , he connects it with the Fibonacci sequence , whorled spirals , and golden rectangles . And for every example using the golden number , not surprisingly , there is another using the silver number . It 's fascinating to read of all the ways in which these numbers shows up , and try to contemplate the underlying order that makes it happen this way.Things get a little more abstract toward the end of the book -LRB- but no less interesting -RRB- , and a bit harder to read . There are some very interesting developments with spirals and the rotation matrix , along with some interesting construction techniques for making your own spirals with paper and pen.The last chapter , on fractals , exercised my little gray cells more than the rest of the book . This is not your typical discussion about fractals , with pretty pictures and non-technical explanations about self-similarity at any level . While Gazale does not dive in with the sort of mathematical rigor to which a pure mathematician would aspire , he claims to have written an unusual chapter on the subject , derived directly from number-theoretic considerations . This chapter will keep you busy following all the ins and outs of some pretty involve matrix mathematics . If you like the fast-Fourier algorithm , I think you 'll love it.This book is definitely not for everyone . But if you really , really like mathematics , and especially number-theoretic mathematics , I think you will like it . It will most definitely exercise your mind , but then again , that 's what a good book on mathematics is supposed to do . Is n't it ?
 A very approachable text that appeals to the academic as well as non academic.The simplicity and power of mathematics is demonstrated by this erudite author who promotes this unique and historical approach of the evolution of math . He successfully descibes the self similar processes in math as well as in life forms . Self similarity is the common thread . Very stimulating .
 This book is strictly for the fan who likes to see big , colorful , modern-day pictures of classic Cadillacs . Tons of 57 Eldorado Brougham pictures -LRB- and some great ones at that -RRB- . Good coverage for the rest of the years with the exception of the seventies . -LRB- Great '72 and '76 Eldorado Convert . shots though -RRB- . Nice shots of '80 Seville -LRB- says its an Elegante , but it is n't -RRB- . Biggest waste of space are the pages dedicated to the Cimmarron . Hello ! Anyone who knows Cadillac Fans knows that we do n't even consider that a real Cadillac in any way , shape , or form . Should have dedicated those pages to '84 Eldo Convert . I would have sent them some great pics . of mine .
 I read it in the 1960 's . My dad read it in the 40 's and it is still a good book for boys .
 First of all , let me just say that it takes A LOT of WORK and PATIENCE to pull off a success , using the techniques in this book . For those of you who think this book is a 1-2-3 gateway to winfall , think again . Great things hardly come easily.With that said , I have been doing HEAVY testing with the techniques in this book for about a year and the results are confirmed . IT WORKS ! The numbers I 've generated within that year 's time have captured over $ 13,000 in wins , not to mention the highly numerous Take-5 FREE PLAYS I amassed on a REGULAR basis . In one game I managed to capture 44 FOUR-NUMBER COMBOS ! That is simply phenomenal!My recommendation for those who are having trouble with the book is this :1 . Use Microsoft Excel2 . Track the frequency of the number skips - this will tell you which numbers to remove from your final group , reducing your pool to 17 numbers or less ! -LRB- ex . if a skip of 10 hs been out for five games , check how often a skip of 10 stays out between hits -RRB- 3 . Play BIG . You ca n't expect to win big with scared money . I 've tried diligently without success . It took nearly $ 400 to net a $ 10,000 win .4 . When using Gail 's 5-number wheels , there is a feature designed to refine your numbers . You press F4 to activate it . When F4 takes you to the next screen , press F4 at least 3 to 4 times -LRB- this takes you toward the higher spectrum -RRB- . In either of those windows , you will find winning numbers .5 . To hit a jackpot , you will need to use Power Numbers . Sorry , but that was the ONLY way I was capable of capturing a jackpot . I learned this with my experiments that utilized PREVIOUSLY released winning numbers . Even when I had less than 15 numbers in my group , which included all of the winning numbers , the non-Power Number wheels still failed to capture a jackpot.Good luck breaking the lottery ! -LSB- UPDATE -RSB- You will want to read the comments .
 Gail Howard 's book titled ` Lottery Master Guide ' is the ` one and only ' book that anyone needs to help win any State or any country 's lottery ! I have read a number of other authors ' books on how to win the lottery , and all others I read were very confusing , and/or did n't give enough good info to help at all!I own several of Gail 's books and also her software , and am proud to say I have won a lot of prizes using her number selection methods and wheels over the years . No , I have n't won the elusive jackpot yet , . . but I feel it 's only a matter of time for me!The ` Lottery Master Guide ' explains all her methods and charts in detail to help you reduce the high lotto odds by millions ! Once this is explained to you , you 'll see how to win multiple prizes in any State or Country 's lottery.In this book , there are many unique number selection methods mentioned that I have n't seen anywhere else that will help you trap the winning lottery numbers in your selection process . Yes , the lottery drawing itself is a random type drawing done usually with a ` machine ' , but , even so , you can clearly still see patterns that develop over and over again and use them to your advantage to win prizes.From using the charts and methods shown in plain to understand language , to look at the numbers in ways that most never even think of , you can finally be a constant winner like myself , and many , many others using her systems and methods.This book will show you how to spot trends and when to take advantage of them.Her other books are wheeling books -LRB- Lotto How to Wheel a Fortune , Lotto Wheel Five to Win and her Powerball/Mega Millions book -RRB- and they have hundreds of guaranteed wheeling systems that show minimum and maximum amounts you will be guaranteed to win . These wheels are guaranteed ` double your money back ' if one fails to produce a win for you , as long as all or some of the winning numbers drawn , are in the particular wheel you use.Gail Howard has spent many years developing lottery systems and information to help people beat the lottery odds , and she has 74 documented lottery Jackpot winners to prove her methods do really work ! How many other lottery systems out there can claim that many actual lottery Jackpot winners using her methods?So if you want to play the lottery and win prizes more often , then this book , ` Lottery Master Guide ' is the first and last book you 'll need to get you on your way to winning the lottery.Good Luck to you all ... no ... actually ... Smart luck!Randall Miller , NY
 These principles are clearly laid out and the formulas very easy to use . I play all over the world and the concepts are easily transferable . I use the tips and hints everywhere . I have read many other books over the years and nothing else really compares.The information is easy to digest and that is really important to me . It makes such a difference that you can find information on questions or answers for questions you may have . Every time I read this on the plane , people come up to speak to me about it.I like it and my results are good .
 On 8-30-06 , I had four out of five white balls and the red Power ball for a $ 10,000.00 win along with the Power Play of four -LRB- 4 -RRB- for a total of $ 40.000.00 . I used the information in Gail Howard 's `` Lottery Master Guide '' to select my Power ball . I used Gail 's system 53130-2 Win 3 with 4 right , 30 Numbers in 9 games -LRB- 2 Power -RRB- system for $ 9 . Gail Howard 's systems have allowed me to win many small prizes , however , this was my first big win.Ron Johnson
 Everybody says it and I will too . I bought all of the books by all the authors and this is the one that makes sense to me . She knows what she is talking about and it just becomes so evident when you get into the meat of the book , number selction . In fact , I bought all of her books over time and they are good . There is logic and sense to what she has to say . She is intelligent and well reasoned and it all fits together . You can tell she put some thought into it.The points she makes are logical and clear . You do n't fall off a cliff trying to decipher her meaning . Of course , no one can guarantee a win and smart luck has something to do with it . I am happy with my books . I appreciate her style .
 Gail Howard 's books on playing the lottery are five star winners.Until reading Gail Howard 's book LOTTERY MASTER GUIDE , I never played the lottery regularly . Now that I understand the logic of Howard 's approach to this seemingly random game , I am confident that I will be a lottery winner . Howard 's writing style is simple , clear , and extremely easy to follow . As a result , the opportunity to apply her approach to playing the lottery makes the game more enjoyable and , I believe , winnable . Anyone interested in understanding how lotteries work and how to become a winner should read all of Gail Howard 's books .
 If there were discernable trends in state lotteries that someone could capitalize on ... 1 . -RRB- States could no longer generate revenue from them . 2 . -RRB- No one would publish the formula . Those are the cold hard facts . All this book does is give you some common sense for picking numbers , and overall enhances the entertainment value derived from playing the lottery . From that standpoint it 's worth every penny and an enjoyable read . I have n't quit my day job yet , but I 've had a lot of fun with this book .
 If you are new to playing lottery then this is the book to get . Plenty of charts to get you thinking and analyzing numbers so you can create your OWN systems . I highly recommend this book for all beginning lottery enthusists .
 I have the Lottery Master Guide & her A + software ! Just ordered 3 more books as xmas gifts for my friends!Her advice is very helpful on winning ! Have won many 3/5 & 4/5 in the Texas Cash 5 ! I even have a web site with all of my winning tickets ! -LSB- ... -RSB- Plus some of her charts in Excel & in color!You just have to read her book & be Patience ! Gail Howard shows you '' HOW to Win the lottery '' ! You also have to readKen Dickerson Book ! He shows you WHEN to play ! She also has some great tips & Info on her web site -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Great book to read & Learn about WINNING ! Love you Gail Howard & Thank you very Much ! Texamos in Houston , Texas !
 Gail Howard 's `` Lottery Master Guide '' has allowed me to take shot after shot at huge jackpots while staying cash positive . I was a math major at The University of Houston and her `` Bias Tracker Charts '' and other number selection systems make perfect sense to me . Bert Moore , Odessa , Texas
 Just what I was looking for . An in depth look at a statistical way to predict lottery numbers , balanced wheels , and strategy guide . I am writing my own software and this book is proving very usefull for that effort .
 It was a good book and was very specific , but fun , in ways to play the lottery and win .
 As yet , I have not put the contents of this book to the test . It is the only guide to winning the Lottery that I have attempted to read , but am , so for , impressed.The strategies make sense and I expect them to work for me.A key message is that there is no such thing as ` random ' . This is an ordered Universe and Lotto numbers are no exception . They create patterns . A study of those patterns will reveal the secret to winning.A favourable review of this book could be counter productive . Many winners means less money to go around . However , it does require patience and some diligent self application . This , I hope , will be a deterrent .
 Difficult to win anything on your own . $ $ $ outlay by individual players is too large . Better start a pool at the office with co-workers and collect funds in order to play any of her wheeling systems . You 'll share winnings and losses -LRB- small and both sides unless you hit the Jackpot -RRB- . No other book comes close . Get your rabbit 's foot , or any other totem for luck ! You 'll need it .
 Great book . I 'm sure my chances of a return on my tickets have increased and I have n't even played yet . I was doing everything wrong almost like trying not to win .
 Through tools to analyze past performances of a group of lottery numbers , the Lottery Master Guide is a comprehensive guide to aid in predicting numbers that will be selected in future games . There is a lot of luck involved with picking numbers , no doubt , but the information contained in Gail Howard 's book helps a lottery player narrow down choices through many useful tools . She left no stone unturned when it comes to analyzing number draws , including an Astroscope , for those involved with luck in the zodiac . I liked the book enough to then buy Gail 's A + software.For those who like to see trends in their lottery games , this book will teach you how to get there . There are enough tools in this guide to help anyone make number selections through analysis of historical data .
 The beginning of the book covers topics like understanding the odds , tips on number selection and tips on group selection . Then the book proceeds to three methods to win
 First of all - you need to play to win . Using Gail 's books and software can make the winning happen . Some people see patterns and trends very easily using the information and charts available to them in her books and software . Others need to study harder . I 've used Gail 's books and software for a long time now , and although I have n't hit the `` big one '' YET , it 's just around the corner . These tools can make it happen ! As Gail says , `` Smart Luck ! ''
 Gail 's books are insightful and intelligent . Yes , you might need to think through some strategies and use the computer or paper . However , her systems works.Check out all of her winners on her website.Gail also has a philosophy of Smart Luck , which is very interesting and encouraging.This book is worth it 's weight in gold . I often recommend it to others interested in lottery and they are thrilled with their results.All I can say is buy it , I 'm sure you 'll love it !
 This is the second Gail Howard book I have bought and I love it ! This book is not for lazy people ! It is disigned for people who are serious about winning the lottery . You have to put time and effort into picking your numbers carefully , then simply use her systems and guide to turn your numbers into winners . This book tells you everything you need to know about the lottery inside and out , while helping you to understand your odds and play smarter instead of playing by pure chance . If you are a true believer of Quick Picks then this book is not for you ! If you are not willing to put time and effort into picking your numbers and doing the research of patterns then this book is REALLY NOT for you ! I believe that Gail Howard poored her heart and soul into going really in depth with the information in hopes of helping millions change how they play the lotto . I had never played the lottery a day in my life until I found Gails book `` Lotto How To Wheel A Fortune '' and I was blown away by what she had to say and played my very first lotto game the next day and won $ 14 off of a $ 1 ticket . I then ordered this book `` Lottery Master Guide '' and it made everything so much more clear ! This book is an easy read and easy to understand manual on everything you need to know about the lottery as well as step by step instructions on how to use her systems to bring wins on even the smallest of budget . The lottery wins by people using her books speak volumes to how well her system works !
 To all of the people who try to claim this book has done nothing for them or is a waste of time listen to this one . I have never in my life been able to hit even one ball playing lottery . I lost interest because of outlandish odds . My husband and I would sit and joke about wining all the time and so recently I decided to return to playing my states power ball . Besides you cant win if you do n't play . However I did n't want to just throw money away . After browsing around for probability and statistical data -LRB- which some of you have suggested -RRB- I happen upon Gail Howard 's site . I admit at first I was skeptical , but after searching over her claims quite a bit I decided I would give her free tips and free demos a shot . Working on limited knowledge and a half working system I managed to get with in two numbers and one direct hit on every single white ball that was chosen as the winning numbers with my first try . No I do not have a prize to show for using her systems just yet , but I dare any of you to prove your claim that you have done the same with your own random picks and quick picks that the machine dose for you . I have ordered this book and will continue playing using my brain . No , one can not expect the wining numbers to fall into you lap . Her systems is about what is most likely , you have to do the rest .
 I like this book . It isnt for the person that wants everything in 10 pages . It is very detailed and enlightening . It can be somewhat intricate/complicating as well if you are challeged with details .
 Purchased the Lottery Master Guide a couple of months ago and it has changed my Lottery game immensely . Before purchasing the Guide , I would ocassionally guess 1 or 2 of the lottery numbers in a game correctly . More often than not , I would not guess any of the numbers correctly . Now , I am not guessing anymore . By using the information from the book , I 've learned to anticipate with some degree of accuracy the numbers most likely to appear in the next drawing . The wheeling process and guide is very thorough and accurate . I have been more than satisfied with my purchase.Jesse F.
 This is not a 1-2-3 manual . But with a little patience and Microsoft Excel you can summerize it into one . With a little patience and intense study the info in this book can change your life .
 Lottery Master Guide is such a great book ! Gail 's advice is so easy to read and so helpful . She explains exactly how to use all of these charts and gives the very best strategy for winning . I 've won small prizes several times now and I know I 'll hit the jackpot soon ! I also use her Advantage Plus software which creates the charts in this book and more , but Lottery Master Guide is the best way to understand what 's really going on and how to use the charts to win . Her strategies combine common sense with trends I never would have considered tracking on my own . With this book you have a better chance of finding method within the madness that is lottery randomness than with any other strategy I 've seen . I would recommend it to any lottery player !
 Gail Howard 's books have been credited with helping dozens of people become millionaires - verified real people with real stories . No other lottery books I have seen have verified winners . Proof of Jackpot Winners can be seen at her website-numerous articles with testimonials and PHOTOS-important for me . I have learned to always go to the author 's websites . That was enough for me plus I saw a real winner 's testimony above . I ordered three of Howard 's books , read practically round the clock after reading many other books on the same subject . She is clear on her systems , I get them even though math was not my greatest subject . A friend who just won something tipped me to Gail 's books and it took me several weeks to decide-so glad I did .
 I told my daughter I did not really know how to pick numbers , all the books were confusing to me . She suggested Gail Howard because her focus in this book is number selection . I get it and there was even a scoreboard chart-the process and numbers were easy to understand . I really like this , it makes sense and it is very clear . I expect to win once I start playing again . I take my time to decide what to do.I am so happy with this , wanted to share it with others . My friends who play lottery are all so secretive . I recently saw a couple of them had this book on their shelf . We are all over seventy and one of us is a big winner so I think I am on to something .
 I have studied The Lottery Master Guide and have been working a system for about six months . I consistantly win smaller jackpots but have yet to hit all 5 numbers . But I think it is just a matter of time . A coworker of mine had been randomly picking numbers and playing lottery for 20 years . He said before he read Gail Howard 's book that he would only rarely win a free ticket . But after reading this book and developing a system , he is also consistantly hitting smaller wins.If you want to play the lottery , you need a system to reduce the odds . And Gail Howard has thought of every angle . I would recommend this book to anyone that wants to win the lottery and not just throw money at it .
 I like the book so far . It gets a little complicated . So , I have to re-read some of the tips , etc. . I 'm going to win Florida Fantasy 5 ! Yes ! :-RRB- ~ Jeniffer
 I just love this book . It 's really amazing . I read Gail Howard 's columns in lottery magazines . I know she has had many `` lottery '' winners using her books , but I think this book is the best of all of them . I ca n't rave enough .
 When I received the Lottery Master Guide , the first day , I was excited and eager to learn as much as I could about winning the lottery . The book is a little complicated , its has so many ways to win . There is a lot of other material to purchase and try your luck in winning . I am at present still reading , trying to decide what I would like to try first . Thanks
 If you 're going to start playing the lottery seriously , this is a must buy . LMG is the only concise book I 've seen that covers just about everything you need to play and win the lottery . Even if you are just a half-serious and occasional lottery play , you need this book in order to better your chances . Lotteries have enormous odds to overcome , which are nearly impossible . However if you understand odd/evens , high-lows , sums , etc , you can greatly reduces those odds and increase your chances.The only reasons I have given it 4 stars is because she uses the book to frequently market her other products . But on the upside , you do n't have to buy those products to use her system , it can all be done with pen and paper . The other reason is because I have not won with it yet , however that may not be the book , it could be that I am not following it correctly . Regardless , it 's a great book if you 're going to get serious.Even moreso , join an online lottery forum where you can find others who are nuts about winning the lottery.Regardless of what you do , good luck !
 This is one of the best books ever written regarding the lottery and has an abundance of pratical theories that if followed consistenty will give you a tremendous edge in winning . Congratulations to the author for all her hard work on the subject . You wo n't be sorry if you purchase this book !!
 ***** Very Useful Book If One Can Afford to Spend $ 2 on Lottery TicketsI have two of Gail Howard 's lottery wheeling system books , Lotto Wheel Five to Win which has dozens of wheeling systems that cost $ 5 or less to use , and Lotto How to Wheel a Fortune which has dozens of systems that cost $ 10 or less to use . After reading the O'Irish review , I clicked on `` Look Inside '' and then I clicked on the `` Table of Contents '' and saw many systems in Lotto Winning Wheels for Powerball & Mega Millions that cost only $ 2 , $ 3 , $ 4 , $ 5 or $ 6 , etc. to use . If one can not afford to spend $ 2 on lottery tickets , one should not buy any lottery tickets or gamble at all .
 I bought many lottery books and slowly went through all of them , one at a time . This one made sense , seemed to be the original formula and my limited attempts at using it worked . I did n't set my sights high enough , I am rethinking what I want out of life and this actually helped . Why because there are some formulas , just like there are in life . I am sure that I will win more following this system.Mrs . Howards seems to know a thing or two and I will continue to use her system .
 When I ordered this book , I was skepticle . I have been using this book to play the Fantsy Five Game . In the month of December 2009 I had a total of 4 tickets with 4 numbers , about 30 or more with 3 , and over 100 with two . It has helped me tremendously with my number choices giving me many more winning tickets . I had this many winning tickets , and did not play every draw during the month . Thanks for writing this book . George
 It 's a beauty !!! I did win $ $ $ $ already !!! I do love you gays and I LOVE GAIL !!!!!! I should do It ages ago !!!
 Very complete guide on how to intelligently up your game ! The charts are awesome and the number selection strategy indispensable . Every serious players required reading and necessary addition to their reference library .
 this book give you all the break down and basic steps to follow it has very good info about playing
 While each lottery play has their own particular technique -LRB- and that includes not having any -RRB- , combining their chosen numbers into a winning combination is challenging . Although you can find many ` free ' wheeling sites , there are none better than Gail Howard 's wheels . I can personally say they do exactly what they say they 'll do and that is provide winning combinations , assuming the winning numbers are actually in the population of the number you 've selected . My only gripe is the software only runs on Microsoft Windows ; maybe one day , her company will port it to Linux . Since I suspect it 's written in C/C + + , a port should be relatively easy.The reason I only gave it 4 stars is because I do not agree with many of her ` winning ' strategies but like noses , everyone has one .
 If you have a chance to read the Philo Vance mysteries , do so . They are wonder old thirty-style of mysteries . One of S.S. Van Dine 's most famous mysteries in the Philo Vance series is The Kennel Murder Case from which the 1933 movie was made starring William Power as Philo Vance . In the movie , it seems that William Powell is more like his Thin Man character of which he was to star later than the character Philo Vance . Philo Vance is portrayed in all the books by Van Dine as a rather cynical upper-crust sort of fellow , lounging in the era of boot leg liquor and Art Deco.Van Dine tells the story in the book by portraying himself as a character who is a close friend to Vance . Always being asked to help solve crimes by the New York police , Vance watches Van Dine solve complex and interesting murder cases.Van Dine always throws in numerous suspects . In the Kennel Murder Case , Hilda Lake is angry that her uncle , Archer Coe , refuses to loan her any more money . Coe 's brother , Brisbane -LRB- very Art Deco name -RRB- hates his brother for unknown reasons . Then there is Doris Delafield who throws him out of her apartment , and -LRB- instead of the butler -RRB- , there is the Chinese cook who knows and resents that Archer is selling Chinese art treasures.Then Archer Coe is found dead holding a gun in his locked bedroom by the butler . The police first report it as suicide , but then Philo Vance investigates and discovers it was a murder . But who did it , and how did do they in a locked room with no evidence of escape?There are more red herrings thrown in , more dead bodies . But Philo Vance with his advanced wit and knowledge solves the case.If you can get hold of these little gems , they are great reading .
 _ Son of the Stars _ -LRB- 1952 -RRB- by Raymond F. Jones was one of 36 juveniles published by Winston in the 1950s . It was common practice for Winston to have their authors write factual forewards or afterwards to their novels . Presumably the notion was that these would help to make them `` respectable '' to parents and librarians , though I suspect that most librarians did n't need that kind of trickery.Richard Marsten 's _ Danger
 It 's a shame that history classes today do not include actual historysuch as the content found in Jules DuBar 's Never Piss Into the Wind.While those modern history books spend pages upon pages describinggrandiose events of history that took place far beyond the imaginationof most , DuBar 's autobiographical look into the past is a pleasant - and yet shocking - view into an American past that is not so far away , and yet so many of the modern generation are completely oblivious to.Overall , this is a book that is stark in its honesty , holding nothingback and leaving nothing censored . DuBar gladly rips open the drapesfor his audience and lets them peer in the house of his past and thepast of thousands upon thousands of other American youth who grew upall too soon with the Second World War . But DuBar hesitates to simplydwell on the war itself , and while it remains a convenient anchorpoint of the past for the novel , DuBar prefers to fill his novel up tothe top with valuable historical details about how things used to belong before the world got into a big hurry.Not content to be only a historical treasure trove , the book is also avery human novel , coarse and vulgar and strange and wonderful all atonce . DuBar 's use of profanity only enhances the realism that youngergenerations miss about the past , supplanted by idiotic grins frompicture-perfect parents . DuBar has none of that and slaps readers backto reality with the swearing and the vivid descriptions of sex throughthe eyes of a young boy and then a man.While those features may seem like a somewhat-burlesque view of thebook , instead DuBar plays to an audience with a deeper , richeroutlook . His tales of his family , of his friendships - especially thatwith Jim Solliday - add a very human element that takes readers off toa place they never expected to go when the first chapter they read wastitled `` The World 's Slowest Train . '' Other lively characters includehis attention-hungry mother , his world-weary father and his cousinPete , perhaps one of the most loveable drag queens ever to bedescribed in non-fiction literature.Now , while Average Joe will no doubt find this book to be pleasant , enjoyable and beyond , scientists , academics and people of all kindscan latch on to and develop a true connection with this mad geologistwho absolutely refuses to sink into a mold of the snobbish academic.DuBar is certainly unlike the vast majority of scientists as the worldsees them and adds a very human element to the genius inside theskull . He gives people the impression of the truth , that there is abeginning and an end to these scientists , most of which involves lifeoutside the textbooks filled with unpronounceable rock names andfossilized creatures.DuBar 's book is certainly a valuable piece of the American historicalpuzzle . The only people that really know about what life in middleAmerica in those days are the people who lived them , and DuBar hasgraciously allowed us to share in that rich past , to let us immerse init and understand how it led us to where we are now . He gives peoplereason to believe that there is , and always has been , another worldout there hiding from us all along , one that contains mystery anddanger and hope and joy and for once we do n't have to go to anothercookie-cutter novel to get it.Thanks for sharing with us , Jules .
 The book comes at you on multiple levels . On the surface we see a young soldier returning from war with eyes wide open about the hypocrisy of the life and times that he is living in . He takes us on a life journey that spans diverse experiences , university departmental politics , and widely varied episodes involving a whole host of quirky characters ; some dangerous , but all strange in their own way.On a different level , this book is a must read for geologists and would-be geoscientists everywhere . It provides a glimpse into the life and struggles of a field geologist/paleontologist , a truly dying breed . In this day when research is being conducted by professionals behind a desk with computers and fancy programs and no clue about the value of truly looking at rocks and fossils , Jules provides the reader with a down-to-earth understanding of the passion of scientific research for the sake of science . The quest for new discoveries is paramount and nothing can stand in its way .
 Jules DuBar 's `` NEVER PISS INTO THE WIND '' is a rollicking series of vignettes from his life . I found the book hard to put down because it is a great read.DuBar is one of America 's `` Greatest Generation . '' He grew up during the depression in Canton , OH , a harsh blue collar town . His way out was military service during World War II . Using new options open to him , he became a geologist in academe , the petroleum industry and government . While an academician , he studied the coastal plain geology of the Carolinas during the hey-day of adequately-funded field geology . He focuses more on the unusual and interesting characters he meets in the Carolinas and the bonding he established with them . The actual science is left to a minimum and described clearly in lay terms . The people met int he Carolinas are , indeed , a colorful and strange lot.The writing style is outstanding , the language is realistic , wholesome and lively , and his flashback sequences are masterfully done.His accounts of the inner dynamics of academe are truly on the mark , exposing the pettiness and jealousies of faculty colleagues and its effect on the teaching/research program of a publicly-funded institution . Why their administration , board 's of trustees or state higher boards of education permit this level of bickering is truly hard to divine.I highly recommend this book for its realistic portrayal of life and the struggles to overcome adversity and being able to enjoy interesting and unusual moments along the way .
 ILTy ... a geologist , March 7 , 2005An early day Hunter S. Thompson?Wow ! I 've read all of the above reviews . What more can be said ? Might it be expected that putting piss into the title pulls in a lot of wannabe adventurers?As one of Jules 's students -LRB- paleontology -RRB- in 1956-58 , I can attest to his mid-career foibles . Aside from Hunter T. there can be detected traces of Phillip Roth and Kerouac . Nice job Jules .
 I had not expected ` Never Piss Into The Wind ' to packsuch an emotional punch - a punch softened with humorand great wit . This is a homerun , a must read . I willbe sending copies of this jewel to family members forChristmas this year .
 This is such an inspiring story ! I 've always been facinated by people who come from nothing only to end up , not just succeeding , but living an exciting life . Since there is not yet any info about this wonderful book listed here , let me just include what was written on the back of the book : `` Never Piss Into the Wind is a series of vignettes from the life of a misfit who grew up mired in the Great Depression , for whom WWII became the gateway to a world as far removed from his childhood as Earth is from Mars . Along the way he encounters nearly the entire spectrum of society , from the underworld to the academe . He depicts episodes of childhood , growing up in a poverty-stricken , dysfunctional family , adventures in the life of a field geologist , and the frustrations of a disastrous marriage and life as a professor . Those who are fascinated by the stories of people who march to a different drummer will find entertainment , laughter , and tears in chapters such as `` Little Chicago Revisited '' -LRB- crime in the city -RRB- , `` Of Footballs and Teapots '' -LRB- two kinds of madness -RRB- , `` Face Off at Dawn '' -LRB- not your average golf tale -RRB- , `` Old Queens Never Die '' -LRB- a rather unusual cousin -RRB- and `` The Loose End '' -LRB- an academic tragedy -RRB- . `` Here 's hoping that this book gets the attention it deserves .
 Reading this life story `` Never Piss into the Wind '' gave me an unforgettable time.The author of this book is coming from a interesting American generation.Many lived at the bottom of society in very poor situations in the Depression Time.Somehow many of them got through it like J.R. Dubar and found a way in life that only that generation could do.Reading the book shows you how living your life can be never dull and is full of humor if you are able to see it.This is a vivid life story that you will not forget.A warm book to read to get through the cold winter months !
 `` I found this opus fascinating , full of gangsters , brothels , whole families who disappear mysteriously , inscrutable SOB department heads , and an occasional night out with the floodlights while guarding mammoth finds . Reads as easy as ` My Gun is Quick , ' with similar twists in the plot and entrapment in a dingy bar with shady con men lusting for the author 's NSF cash , dead or alive . ''
 As someone who loves both London and minimalist architecture , I have to say this book does n't * quite * redeem its promise . I think the fault may lie in the series ' concept rather than the book per se . While it does sound many of the right notes - Pawsonian asperity first and foremost - by restricting the ambit to London , the authors miss out on many of the most interesting trendlets in this most adaptable style . It 's both pretty and well-presented , but as a comprehensive statement does n't entirely succeed . For a more comprehensive take on * architecture * as opposed to decor , I 'd look at * The Architecture of Minimalism * ; for those looking for a more purely idea-driven sourcebook , I 'd check out * Minimum * .
 For anyone wanting to discover what is minimalism and wher it came from , this a must . No one has managed to outline and seize precisely the essence of it as well as H. YPMA . Outstanding photos , and a fantastic insigt into London
 Jim Duderstadt , former President of University of Michigan , an intercollegiate athlete himself and a full-time Big 10 fan , has finally decided the shred the public relations shroud around the reality of Division I athletic teams . He demonstrates the wanton excess associated with college basketbal programs , as well as most football programs . At the same time , he reaffirms the value of most other sports programs at the college level . His voice is a rational warning , unfortunately heard by few university presidents where accountability for this issue really sits . Too many of them , according to Duderstadt , pass the buck for the appalling professionalization of major college sports , placing blame on alumni , the public , state legislatures , faculty or others . Fortunately , he nails down the responsibilities of each group with incriminating detail , and urges massive reform . The cost of the current game plan in Division I schools is rising , he demonstrates , and may end up in defeat for the institutions we consider essential to educating future generations . Read it now -- before March Madness sucks you into the p.r. spin !
 This book provides an excellent perspective from the President of a major academic and sports university of the challenges of intercollegiate sports . Athletics do n't make money at any collegiate level -LRB- if costs included fixed plant expenses -RRB- . They can cause serious scandal for Universities . But still the public demands winning programs . Dr. Duderstadt was perfectly experienced to speak on this issue coming from a great school but also a former athlete . He also brings an interesting perspective of the role of the Provost , which he held prior to being President.But even after listing all of the woes of how athletics affect colleges , he cops out and says they still have a place . I think this shows just how tough the problem is . It was interesting that quite a bit of his reading overlapped mine , and in fact , he agreed with me that Rick Telander , Sports Illustrated writer and former college football player , had a worthwhile solution of making college `` pro '' sports optional for colleges.He also had great discussions of the personalities of coaches and athletic directors and how that affects the programs , as well as discussions on how the media can harm college athletics . Sports journalists do n't score high on his list.This book does n't solve any problems but does give a different and insightful analysis of the challenge . I recommend this book to those trying to understand the finances of college athletics and how an athletic department exists inside a major university .
 Good Book . It gives an insiders view on intercollegiate athletics . I especially like the proposed solutions provided .
 I really enjoyed `` Life is a Circus '' by Shirley Carroll O'Connor . It is a warm humorous love story and a first hand insight into what it was like being part of circus life in a bygone era . Shirley writes about of being a newly wed on a Circus train , learning the ropes and class system of Circus life , living on the road and about the friends the bride made among the performers and side show acts . What better training for a woman who later became one of Hollywood 's top Press Agents than sharing your life -LRB- and car -RRB- with wild and dangerous animals . O'Connor 's perspectives and insights into the Circus culture can be appreciated by circus fans or anyone who likes a good autobiographical story . Her idea of a bad day was when she -LRB- literally -RRB- lost a heard of elephants in downtown Hollywood . I found myself smiling and laughing my way through this book . Buy , borrow , or check this book out of the library , it is a great read .
 `` Life is a Circus '' was one of the most refreshing true stories that I have ever read ! It took me back in time to my first visit to the circus and years later when I took my children to the BIG TOP ! I can hardly wait to take my grandchildren.Who ever wrote the inside cover of this delightful book was 100 % right in stating , `` When you turn the last page of `` Life is a Circus '' , you will feel as if you have laughed and shared memories with a `` new best friend '' My only complaint was I read the book in an evening and wanted to read more !
 Shirley O'Connor 's first book , `` Life is a Circus '' is undeniably a three-ring circus of her charmingly warm and humorous experiences with the `` Greatest show on Earth '' . Most of us only dream of running away to join the circus , Ms. O'Connor had the circus practically run away to join her ! She shares with us her amusing trials and insights in living side by side with the circus community
 Bravo Shriley !!!! This is Patty -- Rosemary Wright 's daughter . I know Mom is smiling Shriley . I have a picture of you and Mom sitting behind me at my wedding . email me Love you , Patty
 Riding Logic is a fantastic , well-written , easy to understand book on riding . It 's better than most current books as far as explaining riding theories . I wish I would have discovered it a long time ago but I 'm very glad I have now . Museler initially discusses the rider and how many people have a misconception on what the proper seat is . Then he moves to the horse where he discusses all the stages of training from how to teach your horse to be obedient to your aids to why the horse acts out . He further explains various lessons , going through the gaits , forehand and bending exercises . Then he ends with thorough details on jumping and equipment for the rider and horse . It 's just a really amazing book . I recommend it very highly !
 Mueseler of the German School writes a useful text in understanding dressage & riding in general . It has long been a classic & should be considered a must-read .
 This book is super for anyone who truly wants to become a good rider . It has helped me numerous times to understand what my trainer was trying to tell me . A simple , logical explanation is given for the horses ' reactions to my actions . I find myself referring to it regularly and understanding something new each time .
 A classic aimed at the dressage rider yet applicable to all who desire a true partnership with their horse . Museler provides clear explanations and graphic illustrations on the training of the horse and rider from the basics of balance and feel to correcting disobedience and advanced training . First published in 1937 , ` Riding Logic ' provides practical steps to achieving the sympathetic partnership advocated by todays natural horsemen
 This is the best primer for riding that I have read . It is the only book that I have read that explains the kinesthetics of riding and explains why certain actions cause a result . There is a lot of excellent advice for improving your riding skill and improving your horse . This is the only book that I buy for people who like riding and want to learn the mechanics .
 This book is an excellent book , and explains collection in clear terms . Collection is so often misunderstood as simply bringing the horse 's head down into position , instead of learning how to get your horse to shift his weight into his hindquarters , really push with his back end , round his back , and lift his forehand . This book is a must-read for any rider in any discipline , english or otherwise .
 A classic , nothing better has been written since , so glad to find an English edition . Very similar to 1937 U.S Army cavalry manual , yet written a few years earlier .
 This was a nearly new used book my instructor wanted me to get . I 'm so very pleased with this dealer and will be ordering more books .
 This book was first recommended to me many years ago by my uncle , a professional horseman of recognized fame and expertise.Meuseler 's `` Riding Logic '' is the product of an old-school master of the classical equestrian art . The age-old understanding of the horse , its mind , its training , its athletic perfection , its physical soundness , is recognized within the ancient logic he explains . I personally have never found anything to supercede these fundamental truths . The best of the modern exponents actually , recognized through objective analysis , adhere to the principles Meuseler presented so many years ago . Horses themselves , if they could somehow , would revere him .
 Riding Logic may be the only book you will ever need about dressage . Museler 's detailed explanations along with the diagrams and photographs are clear and easy to understand , even for the beginning dressage rider ; in addition , his theoretical approach to writing makes this book the classic it is .
 A thorough and unique interpretation of Patanjali . This is a reference work that should be studied . Also , some degree of understanding of esotericism is assumed . Possibly it should be supplemented with an alternative , like Iyengar 's . Personally , I find it one of the most practical treatises on meditation .
 For so many years my husband and I have been putting off taking care of our estate planning . We have two beautiful children and are definitely concerned about their future should anything happen to us . I think we kept putting off going to an attorney because we just did n't understand the whole process . After reading Mr. Matlin 's book , we feel more confident and have met with an attorney and are in the process of getting our affairs in order . I really enjoyed this book because the language made sense to both my husband and me . We both highly recommend this book !!!
 If you 're at all like me , the last thing that you want to put time aside for is planning your estate . Afterall , your lack of good planning is guaranteed to have folks crying at your funeral , especially your loved ones , who must then deal with some very costly problems and challenges due to your inaction . Why feel guilty and why worry ? Just buy this very easy to read , eminently understandable guide to estate planning , and put this important task behind you . Were I were an estate lawyer , I would be passing this book out to everyone with whom I come in contact
 If you 're thinking about creating a will or just curious about estate planning in general , this book is very helpful . The process is usually thought of as complicated and uncomfortable - and it is . Reading this book will help you get past that . It takes things one step at a time . It could also save you a lot of money if you read this prior to contacting an attorney .
 The vast majority of ink spilled on WWII submarines has centered upon German U-boats and the Allied effort to defeat them . The reason is understandable
 Although this book was first published in Russia some 40 years ago , this the first English translation . Written by a distinguished former Soviet submariner , it is a moving , vivid and first-hand account of life in the submarine service of the USSR during the bleak years of WW2 . The author died in 1993 . Greatly feared by the Germans , I found it fascinating to learn how they employed extensive counter-measures to ensure the entire Soviet Fleet was kept bottled up . In this way German U-Boats were then able to strike at allied and even neutral shipping with impunity . Then we learn how , in 1943 , all that began to change as the Allies learned how to strike back at their , hitherto unseen , enemy.For those with an interest in the war at sea , it is very easy to become so preoccupied with U-Boats and the North Atlantic campaign that the struggles undergone by our Soviet Allies -LRB- as they were at that time -RRB- are completely overlooked . The involvement of Finnish Forces on the side of Germany -LRB- Finland eventually withdrew from the War in 1944 -RRB- was an additional threat of which I previously knew very little.Altogether a fascinating , well written and worthwhile book which , for me at least , has opened up a whole new area of interest in the war at sea during 1939-1945 . NM
 When it comes to submarine warfare in World War II , the majority of the books out there deal with the American and German efforts . There are a few British and Japanese ones as well , but very few on the Russian side -LRB- I only know of one other besides this one -RRB- . Thus , it was nice to find this book which details three separate patrols by a Russian submariner against the Germans . One of the best things about this book is the translation -- it was originally written in Russian , but the translation was so good it was hard to tell the book was n't originally written in English.The book gives a vivid description of life about a Russian submarine and its many hazards , not all of them caused by the enemy . Sailing in such an unforgiving area as the Baltic Sea presented many problems for Russian subs , and at times it seemed as if the author experienced them all . The book also provides a glimpse into life in Leningrad during the early parts of the Nazi siege as that 's where the author was stationed . One of the more interesting aspects of the book is the role of the Communist Party political officers on the subs . They act as a second captain in some ways and at times I felt as if they 're more in charge of the boat than the actual captain.The book could have used some maps to give the reader a better understanding of where the author went on his patrols , so bone up on your Russian and Finnish geography . Overall , a good read about an area of World War II which has received very little ink .
 Execelent account of service in Baltic Fleet submarines during WW II . The author was a dedicated communist citizen who at least on the surface mirrored all the Soviet propaganda about the joys of Communist life . As an example he notices one day while on patrol that it is the second anniversary of Latvia joining the USSR and an occasion for celebration . In reality , after Joseph Stalin signed a secret treaty with Adolph Hitler , that allowed Germany to attack Poland without fear of any Soviet interference , the USSR then moved into Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia and forcibly incorporated them into the Soviet Union - not much occasion for celebration on the part of the Latvians at all . Nevertheless , the details of life and operations in several Baltic Fleet submarines are fascinating to this former U.S. submarine officer .
 The vast majority of books on WWII submarines focus on German U-boats and Battle of the Atlantic . `` Red Star under the Baltic
 I opened the box , started reading and could n't put it down . Finely tuned , tightly woven , forward moving adult fiction -LRB- not erotica -RRB- that grabs you from the first page . As good as Clancy on the twists and turns . Unusual , original story -- totally believable -- this young psychopath is an SOB and leaves a trail of misery on his way to becoming the only Bootlegger in Caravelle County . Set in rural Northeast Georgia just after World War II this is story telling at its best -- delicious suspense -- and its more amazing because this is the first published book by this author . I 'm waiting for more and I 'll buy every one of them .
 This book was riveting . Sometimes after reading many books , it is hard to find one you ca n't guess the ending to ... this one is it . I will definitely be looking for more books by this author .
 I opened the box , started reading and could n't put it down . Finely tuned , tightly woven , forward moving adult fiction -LRB- not erotica -RRB- that grabs you from the first page . As good as Clancy on the twists and turns . Unusual , original story -- totally believable -- this young psychopath is an SOB and leaves a trail of misery on his way to becoming the only Bootlegger in Caravelle County . Set in rural Northeast Georgia just after World War II this is story telling at its best -- delicious suspense -- and its more amazing because this is the first published book by this author . I 'm waiting for more and I 'll buy every one of them .
 Many today wonder if R.A. Torrey were alive would he identify himself with the charismatic movement or would he avoid the termonology ? I believe he would probably not be a charismatic and would probably even be an anti-charismatic from some of his views on the early Pentecostals . However , this book will make you wonder yourself.In this work , Torrey gives his biblical understanding of the second work of grace with the baptism with the Holy Ghost . Torrey believes that every Christian receives the Spirit at salvation -LRB- Romans 8:9 -RRB- but not every Christian is baptized with the Holy Spirit -LRB- Luke 24:49 -RRB- . He believes the `` Promise of the Father '' -LRB- Acts 1:4 -RRB- is for every Christian who will tarry and pray for the Baptism -LRB- Luke 11:13 -RRB- . Ironically , Torrey 's book is now widely read by Pentecostals because of his second work teaching . Torrey 's understanding came from his revivalist views along with D.L. Moody and other late 19th century revivalist . It set the stage for the early charismatic movement although Torrey distinced himself from the early Pentecostals as did A.B. Simpson.Overall I would highly recommend you reading this book even if you differ with Torrey 's baptism language -LRB- filled vs. baptized -RRB- or his second work of grace view . The book does offer a challenge to us to be used mightily by God -LRB- Acts 1:8 -RRB- and to trust in the power of the Holy Spirit and not the strength or wisdom of men -LRB- 1 Cor . 2:1 -5 -RRB- .
 I 'll start with my only complaint and that is on the Kindle version of this book . The Kindle version is full of typos some of which make a word completely unrecognizable , therefore I would recommend the paperback edition . I cut the Kindle version some slack because it was only $ 1 . The book itself is fantastic ! I could n't put it down until I finished it 2 hours later . It 's a short read that is full of scripture to back up the teaching . Anyone who reads this book , who is also a believer in Christ , will have no doubt about baptism of the Holy Spirit . No questions asked . I 'm sure there are many people who have received the baptism while reading this book !!! How exciting is that ?!
 There is a lot of disagreement over the topic this book discusses . I am thankful that RA Torrey does a great job of presenting how the baptism with the Holy Spirit works based on what Scripture teaches.He really does an excellent job explaining the following topics :1 . What the Baptism is and what it does2 . How the Baptism can be obtained3 . Refilling with the Holy Spirit4 . How spiritual power is lostGiven all the confusion and discussion about this doctrine , I think it is essential that Christians investigate the topic and decide what to believe . Torrey 's book is an excellent starting point for those who seek to learn more .
 `` Baptism With The Holy Spirit '' , is an absolute `` Ancient Treasure '' of literature . R.A. Torrey 1856 - 1928 . The `` dash '' between his birth and death , represents a life of seeking God for answers to life 's questions . Physically gone , but not silenced . Torrey `` Literally '' continues to ministers to mankind for the Lord from Heaven . I learned more about the Holy Spirit from this little book , than I have from ANY Pentecostal pulpit in 34 years . This work is truely pure to the Holy Spirit 's characteristic , and subsequent name
 I wanted to secure a copy of this book since it was suggested reading by the late Paris Reidhead in one of the messages on Sermon Index given by him . He said that the book about the Holy Spirit Baptism by R.A. Torrey was the clearest understanding he had ever read of this wonderful blessing and the person of God the Holy Spirit . It was out of print at the time he mentioned it so I was so glad that it is again available.I was greatly enriched and enlightened ! Reading this cleared up some misconceptions I had been taught and had believed over the years . Though saved in 1976 during the Charismatic Renewal I have not been ` comfortable ' with a lot of what has been happening in the churches regarding the Baptism in the Holy Spirit and resulting manifestations.I was so comforted by R.A. Torrey 's explanation ! I only wish I 'd read this years ago . God 's timing is perfect however so maybe it is more likely that today was the time I would really be able to appreciate the truths contained in this little book.If you have questions , like me , and want answers , I highly suggest you read this classic and be blessed!Judi
 Wonderful book . Gives eye opening revelation of the baptism of the Spirit , and the work He is to do in our lives but Amazon please why so many misspellings and grammatical errors in the Kindle edition?Are these not proofread ? I guess that is why is is $ 0.99 ???
 When I bought this book , I wasnt aware of the date it was published . Had I known that it was published in the year 1895 then I may have looked past it for something more current . But after reading it , I believe this writing is timeless . It walks you through scripture to give a comprehensive picture of what the bible says about the baptisms . A must read for any denomination of Christian seeking to know more about the baptism with the Holy Spirit .
 The Baptism with the Holy SpiritBy R. A. TorreyJust as the company , Baskin-Robbins is known for its 31 flavors of ice cream , so are all the churches known for having their different flavors of doctrine . Baskin-Robbins is famous for the different 31 flavors of ice cream ; its variety sets them apart from other companies , which are in the same business . Likewise , all churches set themselves apart from others by their variety of doctrine . However , no one needs to fear doctrine ; doctrine is not the enemy of the church , though there are false doctrines outside the church , but doctrine can be true , correct , and proper.The doctrine of the Baptism of the Holy Spirit , also known as the Baptism in or with the Holy Spirit , has had many interpretations as to what such doctrine is all about , its importance in the life of the Christian man or woman , and its purpose . In spite of the many interpretations this doctrine may have had , or still has , this doctrine is important because it is in the Bible and because Jesus spoke of it . One must surely understand this doctrine and how it relates to the Christian lifestyle because the `` Bible speaks about the baptism in the Spirit as an aspect of the work of the Spirit in the lives of believers . `` The greater issue with the baptism of/in/with the Holy Spirit is the physical evidence of manifestation of such great a promise that Jesus made to His followers . While one camp advocates for speaking in tongues as the initial physical evidence of such baptism , other camp advocates for powerful witnessing as the true evidence of the Holy Spirit 's baptism . While these two camps continue to argue , the heathen around them continue their path to eternal damnation.Chapter 1In this chapter , Torrey numbered a few phrases connected with the baptism of the Holy Spirit .1 . Designations connected with the same experiencea . `` baptized with the Holy Ghost `` b. `` filled with the Holy Ghost `` c. `` promise of the Father `` d. `` promise of my Father `` e. `` endued with power `` f. `` Holy Spirit fell on them `` g. `` gift of the Holy Ghost `` h. `` received the Holy Ghost `` I believe that it is safe to say that Torrey is correct in his analysis that all of these phrases designate the experience of the Holy Spirit 's baptism .2 . The Baptism of the Holy Spirit as portrait by Luke in the Book of Acts is an experience that a person can determine whether he/she has received it or not.a . When Jesus told His disciples to tarry or wait until the endowment of power from heave , they had to know when to continue or when to cease waiting for such promise , so something had to happen as an indication that they had received the power.b . Aside from speaking in tongues as the initial physical evidence of the baptism of the Holy Spirit , something external has to happen in order for a person to testify that he/she has received the Holy Spirit 's baptism . The answer to the issue whether a person has received the Baptism of the Holy Spirit is a simple `` yes '' or `` no '' .3 . It is safe to believe that the Baptism of the Holy Spirit that Luke addresses in the Book of Acts is a separate work from salvation . I believe that the Spirit 's baptism that Paul speaks of in his epistles is the baptism of a person into the Body of Christ , His Church , and not the empowerment that comes from the baptism that Luke describes . Note
 I thought this book was an excellent book . It cleared up some questions I had . I will definitely read it again . There were some obvious editing errors , but it did n't effect the readability . If you have questions about the holy spirit , you should read this book .
 I really enjoyed this book . I 'm always interested in learning about the Holy Spirit and this book was somewhat of an eye opener . I would definitely recommend it .
 This book is a gem for anyone interested in growing in their christian walk . The language is easy to understand and leads the reader to a deeper study of Gods ' word concerning the Holy Spirit and His fruit in us .
 R A Tore is one of my hero 's of past years , i try to read all of his writeings that i can find.This one on being filled with the Holy Spirit is one of the best , i suggest all Christians read it if they are truly wanting to server the God Heaven .
 Even though not an original book -LRB- it is a photocopy -RRB- of the book . It is readable and am glas I could still find it .
 It was excellent and easy reading . Makes sense according to the Word of God . The purpose is to receive power to witness and draw people to Jesus wth His help - and not your own strength .
 This is a very good book , especially for those taught like I was that there is no baptism of the Holy Spirit . The terminology is still in question , but the issue is being filled with and controlled by the Spirit and it is a helpful look at that teaching .
 Mon premier Brussolo mais certainement pas le dernier . Ce type &agrave; une immagination d&eacute;bordante!Un roman bien &eacute;crit , une intrigue tiss&eacute; de main de matre qui ne laisse aucun temps mort . L. , auteur nous m&egrave;ne de d&eacute;couverte en d&eacute;couverte , de surprise en surprise . Un roman difficile &agrave; lcher . Je l'ais lus en deux nuits!Un thriller epoustoufflant .
 I imagine this will be used in Women 's Studies courses . It is also accessible to the general reader , even ones whose university days are long behind them!It is a very useful update on radical feminism - free of postmodern jargon -LRB- and positively hostile to post modernism in places . Little cheer from the sidelines on that score ! -RRB- A whole section is devoted to an `` interogation '' of post modernism.It does offer material from a number of cultural perspectives , so is not at all dismissive of their eing different views and experiences of feminism.I think the editors are Australian , or at least worked there for long periods , and i think it shows . I have always found Australian feminism to be more eclectic , perhaps pragmatic , certainly less one-side posturing than some others . Australian feminists achieved a lot over the past 25 years , succeeding at infiltrating the very corridors of bureaucracy -LRB- a breed of bureaucrats known as Femocrats emerged -RRB- . There were fundamental policy changes . Now rapidly being undone by a radically conservative govt . The need for feminism is not over , and this volume takes its place on the shelves , updating feminist thought and taking us back to the need to focus on the reality of women 's lives . A good companion volume to Germaine Greer 's The Whole Woman .
 If you want to understand the importance of feminism to the world , read this book !
 The preface to `` Oil '' describes the author 's thought experiment of what it would be like to go a day without petroleum products . Naturally there would no fuel or lubricants , for cars or any other type of machinery -- but there would also be no plastics -LRB- oops , there goes the computer and telephone -RRB- . There would be no reading glasses or contact lenses . Most of the medicines in his cabinet would be gone . No shampoo , shaving cream or deodorant , and no curtain around his shower . No toothpaste ... or toothbrush . No non-stick cookware , oven-proof glassware or plastic dishes . No waterproof clothing or shoes -LRB- unless they have leather soles -RRB- . There would be no heat in the winter . No harvesting of crops without machinery , fertilizers or pesticides . Credit and debit cards , being plastic of course , are gone . CDs and DVDs disappear , as well anything to play them on , because there are no electronic circuit boards.Very quickly you realize why Yeomans calls oil `` the most important product on earth '' -- it has not only fueled the Industrial Revolution , it * IS * the Industrial Revolution . Without oil , the world very quickly plunges into a wood , iron and stone economy not seen since the Middle Ages.In Chapter 1 Yeomans gives `` a short history of oil , '' from its discovery as a fuel to the mechanization of its extraction and refinement . How World War I was made more lethal -LRB- over 16 million dead ! -RRB- through tanks and troop carriers . How the Allied powers divided up the oil-producing regions after the war in order to protect their own newfound dependence on the stuff.One of Yeomans ' great talents is revealing the hidden oil-related motives in history . Pearl Harbor was Japan 's bid to control Indochinese oil fields . Hitler 's expansion was to ensure energy resources . Who has oil , and who controls its production , has truly shaped the 20th Century.Chapter 2 describes the automobile culture that arose out of cheap gas , with interstate highways , a mobile workforce , and sprawling suburbs . Detroit and the oil giants encouraged excess , and American consumers love their inefficient chrome land yachts.Chapter 3 describes the machinations that have caused -LRB- and are still causing -RRB- regime change and political turmoil as oil companies set foreign policy and install businessmen to run the lucrative franchises known as `` other nations . `` The 4th chapter introduces the concept of `` peak oil '' and discusses the economics of the end of high-grade light crude in easily-drilled areas.Chapter 5 , entitled `` Energy Wars , '' describes the inevitable results of the major developed and developing nations competing for the rapidly dwindling reserves.The last three chapters are less timeless , written in 2003-4 and describing the now-familiar Bush Administration policies and mistakes . But they 're still extremely clear-headed , factual , concise and irrefutable , and together with the rest of the book paint a very solemn portrait of the legacy we 're leaving our children.A legacy of unsustainable growth built on an artificially-discounted , temporarily-available , non-renewable resource . When it 's gone how much of our civilization will survive -- and at what cost ?
 Over the course of my life I 've had limited exposure to knowledge about oil - I see gas prices daily , I occasionally pay attention to news stories that feature oil prominently , and I read the protest banners that exclaim `` no blood for oil '' -LRB- which I always found to be a rather silly slogan -RRB- . End all be all , I did n't know Jack about oil until I read this book.The book starts with a history of oil discovery -LRB- Chapter 1 -RRB- . Usually such histories are incredibly boring in my opinion , but Yeomans does a great job keeping the reader interested -LRB- partially by moving pretty quickly , rather than dwelling on arcane and ultimately irrelevant historical analysis -RRB- . Chapters 2-7 deal with different policy topics that are predominantly oil oriented
 A book for generations . Mine was published 1898 and given me by my mother whose father -LRB- b. 1875 -RRB- gave it to her . It goes to the heart of the Indian race , a people susceptible to mythology and magic as their last great hope . Read it with an open mind , imagination , and for its beauty .
 An undying tale . . legend ... song ... Wonderful poetry , the language is simply astounding ! I have read the russian translation by Bounin , which was as remarkable as the original .
 `` The Song of Hiawatha '' is the best book I have ever beenexposed to . Every time I hear the wonderful rhyme of HenryWadsworth Longfellow , I begin to think of what this land waslike before the Europeans conquered it . It is a wonderfultale of peace between nations and a great book to read tochildren .
 I liked this piece quite a bit . Hiawatha was loosely based on a real Indian chief of the 1500 's . Walt Disney has done this poem a great disservice by making it possibly one of his silliest characters ever . Longfellow had read a history of Hiawatha and then wrote a grand poem . It surprised me but this poem really is in the stream of Beowolf and Gilgamesh . This poem does not have the passion I found in Beowolf and Gilgamesh , but it reminds me of what it was like to live on this continent before the Europeans arrived , and long afterwards . The power of nature through its spiritual and apparent manifestations is key . In this poem all nature talks . Ben
 I purchased this book for my grandson so we could read it together before going to a regional presentation of the poem . He is 8 years old , and got so much more from the play because he had read the poem . The book was of good quality .
 Every one in the USA should read this poem a least once . This is such a great story ... Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is a legend .
 Even after having read this over and over since I was a small child , it has never lost its magic ... and I am over 60 now !
 I actually bought this for a friend for her birthday present . I asked her what she wanted , and being the inveterate reader that she is , asked me to buy her this book as she had not read it for a long time.I was happy to do so and she was very pleased with it !
 This is a great work of art , and although it is not `` authentic '' from an ethnological point of view , it is an excellent place to start exploring Native -- more specifically Ojibway/Chippewa -- mythology , religion and spirituality . It 's where I got my start in the first place!In order to delve deeper into the same tradition , books by Basil Johnston are highly recommended . Their content is `` authentic '' as the writer is himself a Native/Chippewa writer , storyteller , language teacher and scholar , who has received official recognition -LRB- honorary doctorates from 2 Canadian universities , and membership in the Order of Ontario -RRB- . To broaden one 's horizons later on , why not try the Pantheon `` American Indian Myths and Legends '' by Richard Erdoes and Alfonso Ortiz ? This is an anthology of 166 folk tales from all Native traditions in North America . One reviewer compared it to a `` Native Bible '' . A treasury of great value ... And fascinating reading !
 Beautiful , beautiful artwork . A companion to the full poem that will please anyone . . at any age . Facinating artistry and high quality paper stock
 I went to Camp Mudjekeewis and when my mother died -LRB- she also went to Camp Mudjekeewis -RRB- I tried to find the book `` The Song of Hiawatha -RRB- because I wanted to find out how the camp picked that name.I alway thought it was `` Gentle West Wind '' . After reading the book , I find out the Mudjekeewis was Hiawatha 's father . And he was called `` West Wind . `` I thought it was pretty funny as Camp Wedjekeewis was an all girls camp.June McKenna Hevener -LRB- I now live in Hingham , MA at Linden Ponds .
 Although very popular in its day ; Longfellow 's `` Song of Hiawatha '' was later viewed to be superficial and saccharine . Where as Walt Whitman may have spoken with more of an organic American voice , Longfellow drew upon English Romantic models and looked to Norse and especially the Finnish epic or `` edda '' `` Kalevala '' for inspiration.Not with standing ; Longfellow 's saga is pure New England Renaissance ; touching upon values and aesthetics characteristic of Longfellow 's circle
 One of the most fascinating books I have ever read.Unlike but similar to an adventure in the material world , this book describes the journey of one 's inner self.After reading this book I feel , that all of us human beings are alive , but do not live to our full potential . Yet a hope has been kindled , that I too , can aspire to surpass my present limits of perception and abilities and tread on the path of further evolution ... to the stars.Guidance of a true master seems indispensable.As fascinating as all the mysteries of the world around us may be , they can not run as deep as the mystery of our own untapped selves.Self mastery , knowledge , meditation , are mere words to us in our normal lives , which if realised and experienced can be transforming.The spectrum of our perception seems so limited compared to what the authors have experienced.What a blessing to read a book like this and to know and be assured that it is possible to experience and live a life Divine in this day and age.I would recommend this book as it is one of the best I have ever read .
 This set of short quips is hilarious . Some are puns and others are new twists on old jokes . For example , there is one about the traveling salesman whose car breaks down in the country , forcing him to spend the night at a farmer 's house . When informed that he would have to sleep with the farmer 's son , he exclaimed , '' Oh , my God ! I 'm in the wrong joke ! '' Great stuff !
 While not as beautiful as the Japanese Geishas coloring book , this book is still a worthy purchase for those who like to color . The pictures are quite lovely and the transparent paper offers a multitude of possibilities . There are 16 plates .
 Even though this book is meant for kids , it 's great for people who still enjoy coloring books and are enchanted by the world of fairies . Not all of the pages are overly childish looking , and some get pretty detailed . It can be fun for anyone who is still young at heart .
 I 'm an adult who still likes to color , and this book is wonderful ! If you like fantasy at all , you will love this book , too . The pictures are beautiful and nicely detailed . I did mine using markers -LRB- thin , thick and metallic -RRB- . I 'm going to have to order a 2nd book , to use my colored pencils on ! Enjoy coloring !
 I 'm a 21 year-old college student in Texas . I 've always loved coloring books and my father found this one for me . I have had hours of fun making these beautiful pictures come to life . I highly reccomend this coloring book for all ages . No matter how old you are , if you still love to color , get this book !
 16 pages of beautiful , black and white illustrations on quality parchment paper . These are the coloring books I turn to when Im ready for something different to color . Personally speaking , I find these to be the most fun , and a great change of pace , because I can use almost any medium for terrific results , in far less time . I prefer using my Tombow markers with water applied , so I get that traslucent watercolor effect , then come back with either more felt marker , and or a soft colored pencil , and crayola crayons , hit it with a hot iron to melt the wax 's into the paper for retaining bold yet translucent colors . -LRB- I like the buckling effect this also gives -RRB- Lot 's of fun to color !! Great projects for kids and adults alike . These designs are also great for crafters .
 At first I was disappointed with my purchase , but after speaking with the seller , I have reprized my opinion of the business . The book slipped past his quality control , and he is making ammends to me . I get to keep the book I purchased , although not what I hoped for it will suffice and get a percentage off my next purchace . Thank you for being so custumer orientedRackham Fairy Tale Stained Glass Coloring Book -LRB- Dover Coloring Book -RRB-
 Among several thousand books in my home library , including , of course , the Short Cultural History and 3-volume A History of Japan by George B. Sansom -LRB- 1883-1965 -RRB- , perhaps the last great comprehensive historian of Japan writing in English , his The Western World of Japan
 Candide is a short satirical work that questions if this world is indeed the best of all possible worlds , as ` Liebniz 's disciples ' believed . Their uncaring verdict on the loss of lives from the earthquake in Lisbon coupled with their arrogance and lack of tact in the time of suffering was fuel for Voltaire 's fire.The book is fairly short and can be read in one sitting ; it is laugh out loud funny in some places as the most absurd things happen to the major characters . I read it mostly because I like satire and not to get any particular message out of it . The story is pretty straightforward and I guess it does raise a few questions in the readers mind about what our purpose in this life is , how to find happiness , contentment etc. . . but it can also be read for the pleasure of ` listening ' to one of the wittiest men that has ever lived -LRB- or so they tell me -RRB- . I have not done justice to this book , and you can read longer reviews about it on this site , but I would advice you to read it yourself and then make up your mind . Get the Penguin edition.Again , read this book ! It 's short , it 's funny and it 's by Voltaire , what other encouragement do you need ?
 Ouch ! That hurts ! -LRB- reacting to the sorry metaphor of my subject line -RRB- I found Voltaire 's famous satire surprisingly tepid . Perhaps I 've become jaded in my old age , or perhaps I should have read this in the 18th century when it caused such a sensation because of the scandalous way that Voltaire satirized the church , the clergy , and just about everybody else in any position of power or influence . Reading it now , it seems a bit tame . All the horrors and stupidities Voltaire describes seem almost commonplace considering what we have experienced since he made his attack on optimism in 1759 . Today we can look back at two world wars , at the Holocaust and Hiroshima , at the war in Vietnam , at terrorism and the latest stupidity in Iraq . Nothing in Candide can compare to these real historical events that have so sorely tested human optimism . We can even look back to the French Revolution and the revolutions that followed in the 19th century , which in a sense Voltaire predicted with his devastating critique of the corrupt and degenerate European society . Or we can recall the Catholic priests and Ted Haggard from yesterday 's headlines . Plus ca change , plus c'est la meme chose.It is difficult to appreciate how deliciously scandalous this was in Voltaire 's time since today we are free to criticize the church and our governments , whereas in Voltaire 's time such criticisms could land you in the Bastille . Voltaire 's legendary reputation for rapier wit and shocking turn of phrase can be found in these pages , but much of it seems diluted because his style has so often been imitated . We have read and reread his imitators , and we have even read some who have improved upon him in some ways , people in America like Mark Twain , Ambrose Bierce and H. L. Mencken . We tend to forget where they got their inspiration at least in part . An example from The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn -LRB- episodic in structure much like Candide , by the way -RRB- is in the rascals that Huck and Jim meet on the river , the Duke of `` Bilgewater '' and the `` King of France , '' who , like the six `` kings '' that Candide sups with in Venice , are out and our frauds and represent the impossible , deluded aspirations of the average person.This is the work in which we have Dr. Pangloss and his `` best of all possible worlds . '' And this is the work which ends with Candide summing up all the philosophy he has learned in his travels with the words , '' 'T is well said , but we must cultivate our gardens . ''
 This book is at once both hilarious and horrifying . To have a book possess both these features and still be well done is a noteworthy feat . Well , I guess that Voltaire has accomplished a noteworthy feat . The tale is about a young man named Candide who was brought up under the tutelage of a chap named Pangloss . Pangloss is a caricature of the philosopher Leibniz , who believed that ours ' is `` the best of all possible worlds '' because it was molded and shaped by an omnipotent creator . The name itself is also a pun
 I highly recommend this book.Fantastic and very interesting , indeed.Although there are some hardly possible things to be believed -LRB- for example : Pangloss escaped public punishments more than twice unknown -RRB- , but it clearly described Voltaire 's idea that everything is for the best.I have read this book more than three times , and I am sure that once you read the first three pages of this satirical book you wo n't be able to stop perusing it.If you know the conditions in Europe -LRB- especially in France -RRB- at that time , you would understand completely everything said in the story.Voltaire has arranged this book so cleverly that that the reader wo n't be bored , even an 11 year old Indonesian girl like me.The story is lavishly adorned with knowledge , history , politics , and sometimes , funny and foolish things.I vouchsave , once you opened this book , your eyes would be fixed there for hours.Go and buy it !
 For those who saw `` Borat '' and thought Sacha Baron Cohen was a great satirist , `` Candide '' will put everything into perspective . In less than one hundred pages , Voltaire manages to skewer religion , politics , bigotry , love , hatred , optimism , cosmopolitanism , agrarian idealization , and everything else he could get his eighteenth-century hands on . The book is not perfect -LRB- I could have done without that slight anti-Semitic barb at the very end -RRB- , but is scathingly brilliant and often laught-out-loud hilarious . A must-read for anyone who wishes to be worthy of the term `` cynic '' .
 To call this book a satire and suggest that it is funny , or well done , or relevant to recent times , may be true but that fails to point out what is obvious . Voltaire was a French Enlightment writer . He used wit to make his points . He made fun of the teachings of the Church but he was pushing for religious freedom . He had strong opinions and the book was a tool to presenting his thoughts . The book is considered to be one of the most significant works of Western Canon due to its portrayal of the human condition.The story is intended to satirize the idea of optimism . The approach was developed in the events of a trip . The events of the trip allow him to interchange the tragedy and the comedy within the various situations that occurred . This is a unique approach but it allowed him to develop a look at good and evil as well as the role of God and Government in men 's lives . The satirical approach allowed him cover to focus his criticism.A simple story . Young man leaves his home but really he has to leave having been caught kissing the wrong person . Sill optimistic he joins the army . He is flogged . Later almost burned alive . He sets out to see the world but continues to believe , as he was taught early in his life , that he is indeed living in the `` best of all possible worlds '' . It seems as though nothing goes well . One tragedy after another . Funny but sad . Then after what seems to be an endless ordeal he returns and settles for life in a garden . Even so , still optimistic perhaps , he says that `` we must cultivate our garden '' . His book and his story challenge the idea that `` all is for the best '' in a world where it is often assumed that things `` work out for the best '' .
 Everytime Somerset Maugham set out to write a novel etc. he reread Voltaire 's Candide . For elucidity , a must .
 Right on , Voltaire . I could n't believe how readable and relevant this book was more than two hundred years after it was written . Apparently , it 's aged very well .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading Voltaire 's Candide . Voltaire 's use of satire and irony creates timeless humor that can be appreciated by many readers . Candide , Voltaire 's protagonist , is not necessarily a character with whom readers would relate . Like most of the characters in the novel , Candide is a caricature , an exaggeration of optimism , ignorance , and nave views . Voltaire proves through his novel that sometimes the best way to make a lasting effect on one 's audience is to show something in its most blatant form . Voltaire 's sarcasm and ridicule of a particular party or stereotype can seem a bit harsh at times . However , I think that Voltaire felt the combination of humor and tough criticism was the best way to bring to light his own disgust with hypocrisy within the church and government . The situations and conflicts that Voltaire places his characters in produce surprising illustrations of issues of the 1700 's , such as war , poverty , and prostitution . Although this novel was written nearly 250 years ago , striking parallels can be drawn between the issues that Voltaire comments on and the issues that authors of our time choose to focus on in their literature .
 Being a fan of such authors as Charles Bukowski and Hunter S. Thompson , I admittedly found myself disheartened upon learning that Voltaire 's `` Candide '' was on my summer reading list . I , as well as many , many other young readers , often find myself trudging through dreary and boring works of `` literature '' , all of which are hailed by critics and scholars and `` experts '' -LRB- thus the reasoning for us to read them -RRB- . It is because of such books that most kids these days hate to read and do n't give books that could actually interest them a chance . But in reading `` Candide '' , I found in Voltaire a thing almost identical to what I found in Orwell and his classic allegory , `` Animal Farm '' - it 's not necessarily a staggering work of unimaginable genius , but what it is a work of great insight , fantastic adventure , wonderous charm , and upon finishing it , one will hardly feel their time was wasted.Candide is both the title of this book and the name of its main character . In the beginning of his life , Candide is born to the sister of the great Baron of Thunder-ten-tronckh -LRB- you 'll often see foreign and confusing names such as this -RRB- . In no time , he and the daughter of the Baroness , Cunegonde , fall deeply in love , and the Baron discovers this secret and immediately kicks Candide out of the castle , which is seated in the province of Westpahlia in Germany . During the breadth of his travels , Candide is always in want of his love Cunegonde.From thence forth , Candide is thrust into an adventure surrounded in the blood and bones of the many and the love and friendship of the few . From Portugal to Paris to the fabled city of El Dorado , Candide follows a magnificent road . Plans of passage to find Cunegonde are often devised during his journey , although he is equally as often sidetracked and then swindled out of the unparalleled riches he has amassed by the greedy and unkind citizens of the countries he enters.Along for the journey are a handful of Candide 's wise friends , most of which he meets for the very first time , including a valet -LRB- somewhat similar to a servant -RRB- named Cucumbo , a miserable philsopher named Martin , and an old woman who is the daughter of the Pope and is now a poor and lonely soul . Another one of these friends is a man Candide had once admired - the Baron of Thunder-ten-tronckh 's former philospher , Pangloss . From Pangloss , Candide takes the expression `` all is for the best . '' By the end of the book , it could be said that this outlook on life and Candide 's generally `` rose-tinted '' view of life are altered.In the end , what we have , as readers , is a magnificent `` coming-of-age '' tale , in which the innocent , doe-eyed Candide witnesses , firsthand , the horrors not only of war but of life itself , and if not for the love in his heart , he would surely have chosen to end his misery sooner.And to all those who are reading this book because their school requires it
 Candide is a very brief , yet wholly amusing satiric thrust at the Christian philosophy of perpetual optimism . Obviously Voltaire could n't write anything without making a pointed statement of some sort , and in its entirety Candide is no different from his other works . It 's a story , of course , but only secondarily ; the writer left not a single word devoid of relevance to his point . In fact he tells his tale with very little attention to detail , only concerned with encompassing his main character 's lengthy odyssey as quickly as possible . With such an approach , his sole aim was to simply get the message across . In Candide , Voltaire strives to refute the belief that we live in the best of all possible worlds . By documenting his young protagonist 's horrendous sufferings and hardships , the philosopher more than implies that misfortune is certainly not part of any divine plan for us . And whether you agree with that or not , I 'd still say this book manifests a great deal of provocative insight , not to mention a whole lot of dark , dark humor . I would n't call Candide a consistent knock-out -- most of its pages are n't quite laugh-out-loud funny -- but the whole of the story very well tickles the reader with its caustic narrative . So if you 're just itching for a short read -LRB- most folks could complete this one in a single sitting , I 'm sure -RRB- , look no further . While it may be of very petite proportions , Candide is unarguably a literary classic , as entertaining and surprising and clever as one would hope .
 In Candide , Voltaire opens the door to self-discovery and the search for a true God by closing the door on what we perceive to be reality . With an unmatched wit he sets up an increasingly impossible series of events that force us to see with unlidded eye the ludicrousness of our attempts to reject that which is present and real , for that which is outside of us and fantastical . If his intention was to show the pain that is evident in all of our lives , he has succeeded . If it was to show to what considerable distance we as a people will go to avoid pain , he has again succeeded . The character I most identify with in Candide is the central character in the story , Candide . We can see the effects that his experiences with other people and their philosophies have had on his life . Candide , from the French candida , means `` white . '' This may suggest that he begins life as `` a blank page , '' a yet undefined form.At one time , we are all born a `` blank page '' ; our existence is marked with no blemish , no experience that has defined who we are . Our minds are in essence candida . Yet , looking back into my past and opening up the pages of my existence , I can ever more clearly that I am not a self-made man . Personal experiences , past and present contacts with individuals , institutions and society have combined their respective influences and written that combination which is me , on my blank page . It is no longer white , but stained with the indelible ink of experience.As Candide 's story progresses , we can see clearly how his pages are being written , step by step . Few of those pages in Candide 's life are filled with what we might consider to be positive events . He begins as a young impressionable boy listening to the philosophy of those around him . Unfortunately , he has the estimable Dr. Pangloss , whose name literally means `` all tongue , '' as the tutor and former of his mind . He says that all things happen for a reason ; therefore , it must be the best reason . In essence , Pangloss teaches Candide that the reason for his and others ' suffering is for the greater societal good.How many of those persons who have influenced the person that I am today have been `` all tongue '' ? Throughout my life , I have heard from every shade tree philosopher , `` There is a reason for everything . '' I would be inclined to agree with them if , by that statement , they mean that every cause has an effect . That is however , not the case . Like Pangloss , they are ascribing the `` cause '' to an entity , a God , or force outside of themselves as individuals and society . This excuses us from many things . One of those things that it excuses us from is responsibility . If things can not be other than they are then my part , my action , was preordained and consequently I am not responsible for the effects of those actions . Voltaire saw that these people who spoke so often of a God , who was alive and called each of us to `` personal responsibility , '' were at the same time ascribing the `` cause and effect '' of their actions to Him . Candide was the vehicle that Voltaire used to show the mutual exclusivity of the belief in Free Will and Absolute Necessity.I can really identify with the questions that Candide asks in the midst of his suffering . After a series of painful experiences that Dr. `` Paingloss '' Pangloss covers over with his `` Indispensable '' defense , Candide is inclined to ask
 As a closet pessimist , I have often come across - and scoffed at - the notion that we live in the `` best of all possible worlds . '' The must be so , of course , because the great God almighty is omniscent , omnipotent , omnibenevolent - in short , perfect , and can not make a mistake . Therefore , all the seemingly needless suffering , trials , and tribulations that are inherent in our world - i.e. , airplanes crashing into buildings - are actually for the better , for the greater good , because everything , EVERYTHING - no matter how seemingly cruel and inhumane - is part of the Big Guy 's Great Cosmic Plan . Every action has a purpose , and that purpose is -LRB- perpetually -RRB- benign.All of which is fine , except ... Have you looked at the world lately ? I have , and , it seems to me that there are , to put it delicately , Several Flaws In This Plan . I watched two airplanes crash into two major American buildings , needlessly killing thousands , and I find it somewhat hard to believe , to put it lightly , that this is the `` best of all possible worlds . '' I 'm sure most you do as well ... or else you probably would n't be reading this , now would you?And yet , in the 18th Century time period when this book was written , just such a philosophy was popular -LRB- perhaps `` rampant '' is a more accurate term -RRB- among the heavy , high-brow philosophers of the day . Candide -LRB- subtitled `` Optimism '' -RRB- is Voltaire 's refutation of the notion . The writing is heavily sarcastic and burlesque - not to mention dark - as any good satire must be . It contains much delicate gallows humor . It reminds me of nothing -LRB- and I realize this is an obvious case of putting the carriage years before the horse -RRB- so much as our dearly beloved 20th century Doomsday Prophet Laurete , Kurt Vonnegut . Certainly , as this was in essence an ephermal political satire of the time in which it was written , Candide is not , perhaps as technically valid to our present `` modern-day '' society as the work of a , say , Vonnegut . As the book is primarily a reaction to the notion in question -LRB- that of all-pervading and naive optimism -RRB- , and not an explanation of it picking its faults specifically -LRB- which is to say , it does not explain the nature of what it is refuting , assuming the reader already knows -RRB- , much of the sarcasm has been lost through the years . One would need a general knowledge of 18th century philosophy to appreciate all the points that the book tries to make . However , Voltaire 's main messages are certainly clear enough , and just as valid today as they ever were - and always will be . Read Candide - it 's a dark , funny , irrevently hilarous and enlightening satire on man and his naive , optimistic folly and fallacious outlook . Even if you do n't like the book - unlikely , if you have already waded through my review this far - I guarantee that you will respect it , and that it will make you think - and , perhaps , get you to question certain notions that you may have held unquestioningly throughout your life . Essential 18th century literature .
 Candide is another one of those books I wish I 'd been forced to read at some point in my education , whether in my comparative literature classes in high school -LRB- which as previously mentioned , was n't very comparative if the teacher did n't care for the author -RRB- or in one of my several philosophy classes in university . Either way , it 's been on my list of books to read for ages now , and seeing as David had it on a shelf , unread and lonely , I decided to pick it up and give it a go.Candide is a fast read , something that I was three-quarters of the way through after my commute on Monday -LRB- thirty-five minutes each way -RRB- and finished after another half-hour of light reading this afternoon after returning from the doctor 's surgery . The only real way to describe it is to imagine what would happen if Camus travelled back in time and decided to write a book with Swift . Candide is funny , sarcastic , satirical , and incredibly entertaining , which is surprising considering I did n't exactly have the best translation in the world at my disposal . It 's the story of a young and nave servant to a nobleman and how his journey in life , most of which is taken up with seeking after his unrequited love , is filled with sadness and joy , and how his outlook determines the course of his action.Like most satirists , Voltaire did not stop to consider friends or enemies
 According to Woody Allen the world is made up of two types of people
 One of the most popular philosophical ideas in Europe during the eighteenth century was that of `` all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds '' . It was the catch-phrase for Leibniz 's argument that because god had created the world , everything was made to occur for the best because god 's creations could n't be evil . So even events that seem tragic and pointless are actually part of some larger , cosmically good plan that mere humans ca n't see . Therefore we should all accept our fate , and know that everything happens for the best , because we live in the best of all possible worlds.Voltaire , a man who had twice been imprisoned in the Bastille and then exiled , thought this was a crock of you-know-what . Candide , subtitled Optimism , is his satirical response to this idea . Clearly humour was one of Voltaire 's strong assets ; Candide is quite funny . Many critics say that the characters are n't well developed , but I think that they 're broadly drawn on purpose . I believe that one of the reasons Candide still works in our time is that we can identify the characters with people we know , and so we can follow their relationships and actions . For example , the old woman -LRB- who is never named -RRB- has seen what life has to offer , and can not be surprised by anything anymore . I 'm sure we all know at least one person like this . And Pangloss is basically a self-help guru , spouting out feel-good nonsense and getting paid a lot of money for his time . Candide is also somewhat short on dialog versus explication , but I did n't mind it.However , the major drawback is that Candide was written in the eighteenth century , when the idea of the best possible world was so popular . Therefore the book is not an explanation and then rebuttal of it . Candide is only Voltaire 's shout of disgust with it , and so the original idea is not addressed in any depth . In order to recover a large amount of the sarcasm , one would have to be fairly proficient in eighteenth-century philosophy.Even with this weakness , I still found Candide a funny , enjoyable short read , and that Voltaire 's basic ideas came through in the end .
 In response to the person who complained about the English translation of Candide featured in this book , I wish to point out a few things . Firstly , the French of the original version by Voltaire can not be considered as ` modern , ' even though it is perfectly understandable to the modern reader . There are a few archaic touches here and there , sometimes because the language has evolved , sometimes because Voltaire intended it so -LRB- e.g. the title of the first chapter , `` et comment il fut chass&eacute; d'icelui '' > `` and how he was driven thence '' , or something like that , was archaic even for Voltaire -RRB- . I find the English translation fairly accurate in that respect . This is the opinion of a native French speaker , though.Secondly , and consequently , the use of ` thou ' in the translation is understandable . This is not the ` clerical ' thou as can still be read in the English Bible and other ` flavoured ' translations , but the older ` thou ' , which had become in Late Middle English the familiar , even contemptuous form of the deferential pronoun ` ye ' -LRB- originally exclusively plural -RRB- . The ` clerical ' thou is a relatively modern device used in certain type of writings to convey an archaic language , but it is really an ` invention . ' Therefore , the use of ` thou ' in Candide , where the French has the familiar form ` tu , ' is acceptable ; but it certainly can be misleading to the modern reader.That is not to say this is the perfect translation -- such a thing does not exist . Where Voltaire uses understatement to great comic effect I find the translator usually too emphatic . Also the French version is much more vulgar in places . I suppose this translation is quite old ; there are others , but I did not read them.To those considering purchasing or reading this book
 Candide , is a satire , irony , sarcasm and hyperbole . In this novel he punctuates the naivete of optimism in a cruel , corrupt and bellicose world . In developing this theme Voltaire satirizes the philosophy of Leibniz who contended that earth is the best world possible inasmuch as it was created by a benevolent , omniscient , all-powerful God . Voltaire mercilessly ridicules Leibniz and his philosophy as simple-minded and unrealistic . Voltaire uses wit to mock the practitioners of bigotry , superstition and tyranny . This is a fairly easy read and I would recommend it .
 Check for ISBN
 This is a story about the pains of truth and morality in a world of no fate and an empty throne in the sky.I believe that Voltaire did n't intend this story to be a satire . Satire was n't his style , and I do not find the academic approach of encouraging this position pleasant ; it is silly and assumed lazily.Voltaire was fierce.The rating I have given is not truth . I wanted to express something of Voltaire in afterthought to this story without having to rate it but while still having many see this . I do n't particularly like rating things and I have given it 5 stars based on 5 being my lucky number .
 CANDIDE IS ONE THE BEST LOVE STORIES OF ALL TIMES . THE BOOK MADE ME LAUGH , CRY , HATE , BUT MOST ALL LOVE AND SEE THAT TRUE LOVE WILL ALWAYS FIND IT TRUE END . I WAS CAPTURED BY ALL THE CHARACTERS , AND PLACES IN THIS WONDERFUL BOOK . CANDIDE FORBIDDEN LOVE TO MADAME CONGANDE ROYALTY TO THIS COMMONER , CANDIDE . HIS QUEST TO FORGET AND YET BE UNITED TO HIS MOST BELOVED . PROFESSOR PENGLOSS OUT LOOK ON LIFE ; THAT WHATEVER HAPPENS IN LIFE IS MEANT TO BE THAT WAY - SETS FORTH THE IDEOLOGY `` THAT WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER OUR DESTINY . '' COMPARE THAT WITH CONGONDE 'S MILITARY BROTHER THAT BELIEVED THAT ONE CAN SET AND CONQUER ONES DESTINY.CANDIDE SHIPWRECKED EXPERIENCE IN ELDORADO WAS JUST GREAT , SHOWING THAT UTOPIA AND UNITY EXIST SOMEWHERE . BUT ALAS CANDIDE CHOSEN COURSE WAS TO LEAVE THIS PLACE OF PERFECT PEACE AND UNITY AND TO SEEK FOREVER HIS TRUE PEACE AND UNITY , HIS BELOVED MADAME CONGONDE.THIS IS A MUST READ BOOK SHORT AND SWEET I RATE THIS BOOK A TRUE CLASSICHENRY
 aside from it 's ugly ass nauseating cover i liked everything about this book
 I 've read this book three times . The first time I was on a classic literature spree at the school library -LRB- I spent two hours a day carpooling ; what else was there to do but read ? -RRB- . The second time was for a French Lit class , so I got to read it in the original French -LRB- always fun ; there are some puns and idioms that just do n't translate well -RRB- . The third time , I 'd found it used at the university bookstore , so I finally bought myself a copy -LRB- in English , this time -RRB- . Every time I read it , I find it funnier and more accurate . I 've been trying to get my friends to read it , but they look at it warily , obviously thinking `` Uh-oh , literature ... ''
 One of the most awsome things about Candide is how so much has been crammed into so little . The short , sharp , effortlessly satirical style and wit of the work tends to distract from the scope which the work acheives . Voltaire treats his subject matter in the same way that the young boy treated the Emperor 's New Clothes = the ridiculous absurdity of folk pyschology and much that passes under the guise of common sense is ruthlessly exposed for what it is . I loved the anti-clericalism , and whilst the church is such an easy target for the satirist , Voltaire 's attack on ill-founded optimism -LRB- whether it be philisophical or religious -RRB- is a masterful destruction and exposition of the unquestioned acceptance of dubious truths .
 Book is short , funny , insightful , and just stunning . Takes you away from the schlock produced by this society . God give rest to Pangloss !!!
 Perhaps technically , not a literary masterpiece , but from a philosophical perspective , divine `` food for thought '' indeed .
 One of the best books ever written . It 's thought-provoking and funny at the same time .
 Voltaire 's Candide vividly displays Voltaire 's most wicked weapon -- mockery . With caustic wit , Voltaire pokes fun at the ridiculousness of philosophies still widley held to this very day . Once the sardonic wit is understood , the reader will at times laugh aloud
 i had to read this for my college english class . i 'm not much of a reader of the classics , but i was surprised by how much i like this book . an incredible use of satire and wit.although , i will say , i know i would n't have gotten as much out of it if it was n't for the class i was taking . i still found the story and voltaire 's implications quite enjoyable .
 Voltare worte this play in response to Leibniz 's philosophical claim that God does not make mistakes and therefore this must be the `` best of all possible worlds . `` Basically this book states that if this world can be considered by any rational person to be `` the best of all possible worlds '' they and their God are mentally deranged . This is an anti-religious and anti-wise creator tract.Voltare does a number on this misguided notion and he does it with a sense of humor . It is an easy read . It is not difficult to follow and makes the counter-point intended . Though many , including many of the reviewers here on Amazon , do n't seem to get it.I do n't understand why any `` true believers '' would find this book inspiring . I can only conclude that they do n't get what the author is stating.I have friends who have read this book and had no idea of the philosophical arguments involved and thought it to be an entertaining comedy . It is certainly more than a comedy . The author was making a serious statement . A statement that is as relevant today as it was in the day that it was written.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` Hobo-ing America
 An amusing tale of the travelling Candide attempting to find his one true love , Cunegonde . A lot of dark humor and philosophical argument . An intelligent comedic journey .
 In Candide , Voltaire chronicles the travels and travails of a group of perenial optimists despite the many harsh and cruel blows life deals these people . By experiencing murder , beating , torture , censorship , banishment , theft , and slavery this group of loosely tied adventurers inquire about the most intricate details of life 's philosophies in the most lighthearted and witty quips centering around God 's general plan for the betterment of society as a whole and the individual sacrifices and seemingly absurd happenstances needed to occur for this greater progress to occur.This seems to culminate in discussions around drunken card games held at baron 's and other highly-esteemed officials pallaces where there thousands of dust-collecting books seems to be the ultimate symbolic farce of the pointlessness of societal mores and trivial critical establishments . Afterwards , after many unlikely events and quick turnarounds from despair to wealthy gleeming back to gloomy hopelessness , Candide and his journeyman Martin come across other mentors and enemies from his past , as well as his long sought after lover Cunegonde , to find them in the most deplorable conditions and with many regrets , but yet with unflayling blind optimism.The book greatly picks up from their journey into the utopian like village of El Dorado onwards and then gains the respect that has been hyped upon it . However , I still think this is overrated and maybe the translation has lost some of the supposed wit and fancy of the original Frenchman 's work and his rhyme and prose style.In the end , we are all left to create our own Garden of Eden from whatever limited/superfluous environments affordable and available to us and make the best of the people , places , culture , and tools to us . You can loose your mind and you will be among the many who have lost their minds , certainly in the majority and only by crossing that boundary of supposed weakness can you transcend the peculiar weaknesses of the mind and body.A toast to Voltaire for his lively and everlasting work !
 This is a `` laugh-out-loud '' funny book . Voltaire sounds very contemporary as he lashes out at everything foolish and stupid in the world . I can easily imagine Voltaire giggling hysterically as he wrote this one-and it comes through in this hilarious comedy . Not to be missed .
 This was a required text for one of my humanities class . There are different versions and interpretations of the French satire , and I think that some is lost perhaps in our interpretation of the satire -LRB- as to what we perceive to be satire modern day , as opposed to the time period -RRB- , and the French to English translation itself . Nonetheless , this is a great book and I especially enjoyed the smooth prose throughout the book.Candide travels all over Europe , Turkey , and SOuth America and finds himself having epiphanies on every adventure . This book makes me think of the things that we value in society and how are cultural norms and complacency can rob us of the will to take risks and live . One of my favorite quotes , towards the end of the book puts the novels ' themes into clear perspective for me.The old woman says , `` I should like to know which is worse , to be raped a hundred times by negro pirates , to have a buttock cut off , to run the gauntlet among the Bulgarians , to be whipped and flogged in an uto-da-fe , to be dissected , to row in a galley , in short , to endure all the miseries through which we have passed , or to remain doing nothing . '' They inevitably conclude that '' man was born to live in the convulsions of distress or in the lethargy of boredome . `` This is a timeless book and a MUST READ .
 The book is for class starting soon , so not used it yet but it was in good shape and on time .
 I love the book , i would recommend it to my friends and family . Is a good political satire even for our time .
 It came very quickly and is in excellent condition . I 'm very excited to read it , but it looks really good on my coffee table so I 'm in no hurry .
 This was a great present for my boyfriend , it was exactly what he wanted ! And these specific books are normally hard to find
 It 's difficult to understand the steadfast attachment to optimism considering the amount of tragedy that befalls Candide and all the characters in this story . The book is a fine parody on optimism .
 entertaining to read . only a couple of pages , youll have read it after a couple of hours . but give a good idea of how people thought of the world at that time .
 The book was in awesome shape . There were no creases or folds . It was just like new . It even had that new book smell . The book itself is hilarious and an incredible satire . Absolutely loved it ! : -RRB-
 When I started this very short book , I expected it to be a drone-fest from the 1700s . However I was pleasantly surprised to find the story gripping , the satire comical and devious , and my time well spent . I even read sections of the book to younger siblings of ages 10 and 6 , and they paid attention with great detail . I would highly recommend this book as a classic for a reason .
 Voltaire 's Candide is Perhaps the best satire ever written . It was the silly blind optimism and indifferent response to human suffering and injustice of his era that Voltaire mocked . Through the antics of his tutor Dr Pangloss ' a metaphysico-theologo-cosmolo-nigologist ' no less , Voltaire attacked much received wisdom and was not afraid to confront the dark aspects of human nature honestly.Nonetheless , He believed in democratic enlightenment , the power of science and reason to make a better world.His message is still prescient to this day .
 If you 're a history guru , or you love hearing people subtly poke fun at authority , you 'll love Candide ! Voltaire did a wonderful job of musing about the patterns of life and undermining political figures of his time . A word of caution
 I picked up this book because I was curious about the source matter for a piece I was playing with a symphony -LRB- the overture to Berstein 's `` Candide '' -RRB- . I seem to be the only person I know personally that was n't forced/encouraged to read this book in a French/classical Lit . class.I 'm not disappointed.I think that those who do n't see the satire in this text perhaps do n't pay too much attention to their surroundings . Voltaire is poking fun at things much larger than the Leibnizian philosophy that serves as the focal point for attack in this this novella ; the central message -LRB- contained within the last few lines of the story -RRB- is that there are more pressing , immediate , and pragmatic concerns to life than philosophies , dogmas , and the like . Voltaire was the pragmatic 's philosopher , the anti-philosopher in many senses . His rejection of blind followings , philosophical `` proof , '' and `` schools '' of thought is clear within this sharp-witted text.It 's a great read for anyone who 's been stomped on for thinking `` outside of the box . '' I would recommend that those readers with a more thorough background -LRB- and interest -RRB- in religious and philosophical literature and history look up Voltaire 's magnum opus , the * Philosophical Dictionary . * Do n't be fooled by its title ; it 's anything but dry , stale definitions.A great read with some light Mozart and good tea . = -RRB-
 ... I would read a lot more classic literature than I do now . So what if this book 's sole purpose was to present Voltaire 's snide and sarcastic remarks about some archaic German philosophy which no longer exists ? So what if the advice to cultivate one 's own garden has no more to do with my Real Life right now than Leibniz or Christian Wolffe ? The language is a towering pinnacle of aethetic delight -LRB- ironic , I know , since I read the book in an english translation . -RRB- It was a great pleasure to read . I got to impress my English teacher * and * be thoroughly entertained at the same time -- what a deal ! Now , unfortunately , I 'm afraid I shall have to plow through all those boring criticisms detailing `` the intellectual climate of the period , '' which take up two thirds of the edition of Candide I 'm reading . Oh well . It was certainly worth it .
 I loved this book the first time I read it in college . But after re-reading it , I 've concluded that while Voltaire has a lot going on in this story , there is a simple formula directing the action
 It says live life at Benny Hill freak out speed . -- The Bloodhound GangNot quite , but on to the review.Candide may be both difficult and easy for people to read ; it 's a very quick novel and can be finished within two hours , but the scope of said novel is huge . The protaganist , Candide , is a young German nobleman who experiences many things in a very short period of time ; finding love , losing love , finding love , losing lose , finding ugly love , etc. . Meanwhile , he experiences earthquakes , storms , whippings , the death of friends and even comes across the fabled city of El Dorado when he happenstances upon the Americas . Candide should n't be read for it 's character development - it should be read for it 's message . One thing I must add is the virulent anti-semitism which is found in this book . Apparently , Voltaire was a strong anti-semite . This discovery greatly lowered my opinion of him.Still , Candide is a must read for anyone interested in classical literature of important medieval thought .
 Flat out one of the funniest books I 've ever read . I thought that Jonathan Swift was satirically vicious in Gulliver 's Travels and `` A Modest Proposal , '' but Voltaire makes Dean Swift seem a mere Yahoo . One of the most astonishing features of this short , picaresque novel is the speed of the narrative . Works a few centuries old are usually not notable for being quick reads , but I found myself devouring sentences , paragraphs , and chapters at an alarming rate . Alarming because I 'd reached the end with nothing more to read.The tale of Candide , the naive hero , who is separated from his love , the deliciously and vulgarly named Cunegonde , is a vehicle for Voltaire to skewer humanity in every way , shape , and form . No aspect of human endeavor is spared his rapier wit -- religion , religious figures , the military , government , rulers , nationalities , philosophers and philosophy , sexuality , class dinstinctions , lawyers , the inhospitable natural world , drunkenness and gluttony , etc. , and the humor is produced by the accumulation of detail that is used to describe the misfortunes of the various characters . To compound the irony , the tale begins with the pronouncement of Candide 's inept tutor Doctor Pangloss that this is `` the best of all possible worlds . `` In the course of their adventures , the characters are kicked , slapped , raped , disemboweled , hanged , burnt at the stake , drowned , stabbed , bayoneted , impaled , blinded , amputated , and my favorite -- eaten . The old lady with one buttock , a companion to Cunegonde , at one point says of herself
 ... in the convulsions of disquiet or the lethargy of boredom . `` The subject quote from `` Candide '' is another version of the idea expressed in the Chinese aphorism concerning the curse of living in `` interesting times , '' that is , times that are `` exciting '' to read about if one did not actually live through them . Voltaire , a pseudonym , was one of the intellectual giants of the enlightenment . He was a prolific writer ; this book is his most read legacy . A major impetus for writing this book was to refute Leibnitz 's philosophy of optimism , best exemplified by Voltaire 's character , Dr. Pangloss , whose continued philosophical touchstone is
 Candide by VoltaireThis is a great classic . `` Candide '' treats important philosophical questions in unusual way . The book is brilliant and often laught-out-loud hilarious .
 I just finished reading Candide for an Advanced Placement Senior English class , and suprisingly , I actually enjoyed it . Having toiled through many long , hard books troughout the year , this hilarious , SHORT , easy-to-read book was a relief ! I loved the satire , and how Voltaire is constantly poking fun at people and their ideas -- at times , I laughed out loud at the way he describes things . Although it is not the best book I 've ever read , I definitely recommend it .
 Comedy or tragedy ? Which makes for better literature ? How about both ? In fact , many of the greatest works of literature are both comedies and tragedies . Candide is probably the greatest example of such a work from a French author . Penned under a pseudonym by the great thinker , Voltaire , this work is superficially an adventure novel about the title character traveling the known world to find his love , while accompanied by Pangloss . In reality , the book is a parody of human society , culture , philosophy , and mentality . The result is a short , witty and insightful examination of the human condition . The textual level is appropriate for anyone at the high school level , but is great reading for anyone at any reading level.All in all , one of the best works in young adult literature .
 I have owned this book for quite awhile but put off reading it , fearing that it would be dull and scholarly . I was in for a wonderful surprise . His philosophy makes a lot of sense and he puts it forth in a simple story accessible to almost everyone . Many , many times I laughed out loud . It was fun as well as enlightening . The term `` sixes and sevens '' was used ; what is the etymology of that expression ? The violence is expressed in an absurd way , though we know awful things did and do happen .
 The antiquity of this shines through like stained glass . The story and morality behind it is lasting and thought-provoking , while the storyline leaves something to be desired at points.Reviewed by Jonathan Stephens
 The story is an ode to optimism , in spite of all . Is everything that happens in this world for the best ? This is the main philosophical question addressed in this book , and Candide will try to prove you that .
 This book has two things which good book needs
 Voltaire 's short 1759 lampoon of the fashionable feel-good philosophies then making the rounds of Europe continues to bring a smile . It 's not a literary masterpiece , but a quick and funny satire . In style , it reads something like Swift 's `` Gulliver 's Travels '' , but its humor is more pointed and its satire more trenchant.Candide is an illegitimate boy expelled from his adoptive home for kissing the Baron 's daughter . A simple and candid man , he resolutely adheres to his tutor 's absurd theory that `` all is for the best '' . In coming years , Candide and everyone he meets suffer tortures , rapes , slavery , and death . Yet Candide remains ever the silly optimist , chasing the Baron 's daughter around the world and giving Voltaire space to vent against the happy feel-good philosophers with their buzzwords , tautological reasoning , and empty aphorisms . The tutor , for example , demonstrates the `` necessity '' of syphillus , as having brought chocolate to Europe though `` it is to be observed that this malady is , like religious controversy , peculiar to our continent '' . Candide is a quick satire , silly and contrived , but we can read it with pleasure 250 later , long after the targets of Voltaire 's wit have faded away .
 I had to read this book for my world literature class , and was absolutely blown away . Voltaire 's satarical tone on philosophical optimism and organized religion in the Enlightenment era leaves you laughing for days . I do n't recommend this book to light readers . It can be very in-depth , and somewhat insulting . Definitely one of the best books I have ever read , though .
 `` Candide '' by Voltaire is probably the best non-fiction work that I 've read in a long time . It serves as a satirical introduction the philosophical problem of evil and as an attack on the philosophy of optimism , which is still adhered to today , although perhaps not like in Voltaire 's time.Voltaire eviscerates everyone 's sacred cows . He satarizes everything . Nothing is not reduced to rubble by his vitriolic writing . In `` Candide '' Voltaire intelligently satarizes
 Much as in The Autocrat at the Breakfast Table , in which ideas are thrown around under the premise of a breakfast room table conversation , Voltaire expresses his philosophical insights by having his character -LRB- Candide -RRB- engage himself in a number of conversations with a wide range of people . The book is intriguing and is filled with excellent topics for conversation .
 Votaire does an excellent job in showing the political and social beliefs of his time . But in order for one to experience the satire involved in the book , one needs to look at the time at which the book was read , and take in some other readings by Voltaire . To clarify one person 's statement that Voltaire did not develop the character 's or show the reader his -LRB- Candide 's -RRB- travels , it was simply because he had no time . Candide was written under 48 hours by Voltaire and he was slightly angry when he wrote it -LRB- the night before he started , he had been jailed by the government and retaliated by writing a satire -RRB- .
 Writen hundreds of years ago it 's just as true today as when Voltaire wrote it . It pokes fun of all members of society from philopsophers and priests to politicians.Definetely some of the greatest satire written . Right up there with Johnathan Swift .
 I highly recommend this book.Fantastic and very interesting , indeed.Although there are some hardly possible things to be believed -LRB- for example : Pangloss escaped public punishments more than twice unknown -RRB- , but it clearly described Voltaire 's idea that everything is for the best.I have read this book more than three times , and I am sure that once you read the first three pages of this satirical book you wo n't be able to stop perusing it.If you know the conditions in Europe -LRB- especially in France -RRB- at that time , you would understand completely everything said in the story.Voltaire has arranged this book so cleverly that that the reader wo n't be bored . The story is lavishly adorned with knowledge , history , politics , and sometimes , funny and foolish things.I vouchsave , once you opened this book , your eyes would be fixed there for hours.Go and buy it !
 I highly recommend this book.Fantastic and very interesting , indeed.Although there are some hardly possible things to be believed -LRB- for example : Pangloss escaped public punishments more than twice unknown -RRB- , but it clearly described Voltaire 's idea that everything is for the best.I have read this book more than three times , and I am sure that once you read the first three pages of this satirical book you wo n't be able to stop perusing it.If you know the conditions in Europe -LRB- especially in France -RRB- at that time , you would understand completely everything said in the story.Voltaire has arranged this book so cleverly that that the reader wo n't be bored . The story is lavishly adorned with knowledge , history , politics , and sometimes , funny and foolish things.I vouchsave , once you opened this book , your eyes would be fixed there for hours.Go and buy it !
 Initially I began reading Candide to prepare for an in class argument about theodicy and the existence of God . I thoroughly enjoyed this novel . It 's funny and tragic all at the same time while reflecting how total optimism is truly naivety . People wondering how this book pertains to the present time , just look around . War , rape , murders , famine , suffering of innocents , disease ... Voltaire reflects all those things in his work . For someone to say Candide has nothing to do with society today shows they are being blindly optomistic . Candide is great and thought provoking .
 I had to read this book for my english class , and I did not thoroughly enjoy this one . The stories were interesting and its funny how each character goes through more and more tragedies , however , if you do not understand all the statiristic themes in this book , I do n't think you will enjoy it at all . Overall , its a book you should keep on your list .
 In honor of Voltaire I will neither give good nor bad criticism about this book . One should read it themselves and then make their own decissions . Do n't let critics tell you what is good and what is bad .
 The more you can read by Leibniz before reading this book , the better it shall be . Penguin Classics are always my favorite choice , not only because they do a good job in selecting translators and supplementary materials , but also b/c the paper smells so good .
 A brilliant member of what historians have deemed the philosophes , Voltaire 's views on government and church are comical at worst . Voltaire 's Candide is clearly a stab at the church of his time , a church unwilling to accept what are now basic scientific truths such as the earth orbiting the sun -LRB- and not the other way around -RRB- . The church is painted in a less than flatering light , seeing as a few characters in Candide include the daughter of the pope , a monk with a favorite prostitute , and an Inquisitor with an illegitamate lover . Characters such as Doctor Pangloss display brilliantly the ancient thought , painting it -LRB- perhaps a bit too exaggerated -RRB- in a way nearly blind to the real world . Pangloss 's views of all things happening `` for the best of all possible worlds '' is clearly defied in the story which is in essence a collection of horrific stories painted in a comical array of words . The innate sarcasm in the book pokes a great deal of fun at the thinking of the times , and yet Candide 's views are applicable today . Truly an entertaining and intellectually stimulating book , Candide is one of the greatest works of its time .
 Voltaire has a knack for satire . Candide is an excellent example . If you are familiar with the philosophy of Leibniz , you will find this book somewhat philosophical . It makes fun of Leibniz 's belief that this is the best of all possible worlds because God created it . It is also just a light , funny read . I particularly enjoyed the part with the eunich and the old woman .
 As one who prefers light reading , I decided to challenge myself with the highly philosophical Candide , whose slim appearance seemed to promise a quick read . Reader beware
 For the most part I thoroughly enjoyed Candide . I found the chapter titles most humorous . The plot itself is a bit lacking . Basically Candide just travels places and gets robbed or beaten all for his love , Cunegone . His adventures , though , are a hilarious journey through the 18th Century world in which he meets many people with different views of the world and beyond . During almost his entire adventure Candide keeps a good outlook on things which may have been the very thing that kept him going .
 CANDIDE is a biting satire which engages readers of all ages : young readers may appreciate its wondrous adventures , most notably theland of Eldorado , a place of sparkling gold and silver , of games and stones , where society is flawless
 Candide is a book for people who enjoy reading philosophy books . It is also entertaining for other people to . It is a short book and will not take a person any great time to read Candide if he want to . Candide goes many places and meets many people , but everyone seems or is miserable . Near the end he becomes unhappy to , for people either live in dispair or with boredom . All you need is a `` garden '' to keep your minds off of boredom and dispair . Voltaire might be daed but his books live on though the centuries
 This novel by French philosopher Voltaire is one of the most ironic and satirical prose that i have read in a long time ! I was surprised in how funny and crazy this novel was . The chaotic events that take place , which continuously contradict Dr. Pangloss 's notion that `` all is for the best in the world , '' meaning that the world is perfect because God made it , and the evils that take place upon the world are all part of a cosmic plan . But apparently , as we all know more than ever today , is that the world is n't perfect , and that we do have free will to prevent some things from happening . For such a short book , Voltaire portrays society , government , social classes , etc. very well into a very comical and sometimes appalling satire . I was very impressed , i look foreward to reading this again and again in the future . It 's very entertaining , full of wit , exciting , and will make you laugh , make you shudder , and at the end , make you think . Highly recommended .
 Ever since philosophers began thinking about the meaning of life , a favorite question has been `` Why do bad things happen to good people ? '' . In Voltaire 's day , this issue was primarily pursued either from the perspective of faith -LRB- everything that happens is God 's will and must be for Divine purpose -RRB- or of reason -LRB- What do these events mean to you , as you interpret them subjectively ? -RRB- . Infuriated by the reaction by some members of the church to a horrible loss of life from an earthquake in Lisbon , Voltaire wrote this hard-biting satire of the human condition to explore these questions.Before reading further , let me share a word of caution . This book is filled with human atrocities of the most gruesome sort . Anything that you can imagine could occur in war , an Inquisition , or during piracy happens in this book . If you find such matters distressing -LRB- as many will , and more should -RRB- , this book will be unpleasant reading . You should find another book to read.The book begins as Candide is raised in the household of a minor noble family in Westphalia , where he is educated by Dr. Pangloss , a student of metaphysical questions . Pangloss believes that this is the best of all possible worlds and deeply ingrains that view into his pupil . Candide is buoyed by that thought as he encounters many setbacks in the course of the book as he travels through many parts of Europe , Turkey , and South America.All is well for Candide until he falls in love with the Baron 's daughter and is caught kissing her hand by the Baron . The Baron immediately kicks Candide out of the castle -LRB- literally on the backside -RRB- , and Candide 's wanderings begin . Think of this as being like expulsion from the Garden of Eden for Adam . Soon the penniless Candide finds himself in the Bulgarian army , and receiving lots of beatings while he learns to drill.The story grows more far-fetched with each subsequent incident . To the casual reader , this exaggeration can seem unnecessary and annoying . It will remind you of the most extreme parts of Swift in Gulliver 's Travels and Rabelais in Gargantua and Pantagruel . But subtly , Voltaire is using the exaggeration to lure the reader into making complacent judgments about complacency itself that Voltaire wants to challenge . The result is a deliciously ironical work that undermines complacency at a more fundamental level than I have seen done elsewhere . Basically , Candide challenges any view you have about complacency that is defined in terms of the world-view of those who are complacent.Significant changes of circumstances -LRB- good and ill -RRB- occur to all of the members of the Baron 's household over the course of the story . Throughout , there is much comparing of who has had the worst luck , with much feeling sorry for oneself.That is the surface story . Voltaire is , however , a master of misdirection . Beneath the surface , Voltaire has another purpose for the book . He also wants to expose the reader to questioning the many bad habits that people have that make matters worse for everyone . The major themes of these undercurrents are -LRB- 1 -RRB- competing rather than to cooperating , -LRB- 2 -RRB- employing inhumane means to accomplish worldly -LRB- and many spiritual -RRB- ends , -LRB- 3 -RRB- following expected rules of behavior to show one 's superiority over others that harm and degrade others , -LRB- 4 -RRB- focusing on money and power rather than creating rich human relationships , -LRB- 5 -RRB- hypocritical behavior , and -LRB- 6 -RRB- pursuing ends that society approves of rather than ends that please oneself.By the end of the story , the focus shifts again to a totally different question
 It is probably fair to say that there is no book that is quite like Voltaire 's ` Candide ' . This is a venomous satire of the ` Optimistic ' philosophy and outlook of enlightenment thinkers such as Leibniz and Alexander Pope . As such , it is served well by the unique combination of repeated brutality and a deft , light touch . If that last comment does n't make sense , then you 'll just have to READ THE BOOK.At a mere 144 pages -LRB- in this edition -RRB- , this is a classic that is a breeze to read . As to the charge that this book is too `` violent '' or `` in bad taste '' , I would only ask you to remember that Voltaire was furious that learned members of a `` civilized '' society -LRB- like Leibniz , Pope , and even Rousseau -RRB- could claim that the apparent senseless violence and mayhem wrought by disasters , war , disease , man 's cruelty , etc. was actually only a part of some ` greater good ' - after all , God -LRB- being perfect -RRB- could not ` logically ' created anything but the ` best of all possible ' universes.Voltaire 's touch is so light and understated that I defy anyone to write anything that contains a third of the violence in ` Candide ' and still manages to read as breezily and somehow be genuinely funny.But dark satire must be funny - otherwise it lapses into pedantry.Read it - even if you do not like it , I guarantee you that it will disturb you and make you think.And for that , we can thank Voltaire .
 `` All is for the best ... in the best of all possible worlds . `` Utopia generally conjures up images of beauty , brilliance and harmony . How is it possible to conceive of the violent and brutal happenings in Candide as `` the best of all possible worlds ? '' Our world is clearly not perfect , so is n't it more logical to conclude that all is not for the best ? At least not all of the time ? Such are the questions raised in Voltaire 's timeless masterpiece of satire , Candide.Candide tells the journey of a young man through the world and the realities he must face , deal with and eventually come to be defined by . During his ventures , Candide leaves behind the naive innocence of his childhood and assumes the status of an intelligent and distinguished man.Candide was born and grew up in the castle of the Baron of Thunder-ten-tronckh , in the land of Westphalia in Germany . Soon after his mentor , the philosopher , Dr. Pangloss introduces him to the idea of extreme optimism , Candide 's adventures begin as he is banned from the kingdom for kissing the Baron 's beautiful daughter , Lady Cunegund.As Candide travels through Germany , Holland , the New World and the remainder of Europe , he encounters trials and evils of every sort -- war , hatred , betrayal , starvation , natural catastrophes of all kinds , in short , any and every evil to which man has ever fallen prey.In the course of his travails , however , one thing becomes outstandingly familiar to Candide ; the parallels of events that denote the universality of evil.Finally , coming full circle , Candide settles down to cultivate his own garden and make the best of his own possible world.As with most satire , the characters in Candide exist for one unique purpose rather than being fully fleshed out . Dr. Pangloss is the most notable . Pangloss is not present in most of Candide 's adventures but he does provide the theme underlying the whole of the book . He serves to sway Candide with his one , unrelenting optimistic outlook on life.The epitome of Pangloss 's philosophical outlook , `` Everything is for the best , '' is assimilated by Candide very early in the story . Being young , sheltered and naive at the time , Candide proceeds to live his life according to this tenet . When faced with a problem he always asks himself what Pangloss would do or say in a similar situation.Candide , however , eventually learns to form his own opinions and concepts and thus the philosophical optimism of Dr. Pangloss is tested and challenged throughout the book.The `` Pangloss Effect '' is also demonstrated through Candide 's experience in El Dorado , Voltaire 's fictional utopia . Candide , traveling with Cacambo , his servant , finally discovers El Dorado , the purported `` perfect '' place . Why would anyone ever want to leave this perfect place , Candide asks himself ? His quest had been to prove the theory of optimism of Pangloss and now apparently , he had succeeded . However , all is not what it may seem , even in El Dorado , and Candide is confronted with many ironic and enigmatic questions.As his journeys draw to a close , Candide comes to realize that it is man 's almost limitless ability to accept the fate that befalls him and move on to new and better things that allows him to remain sane , happy and productive . In this sense , Candide comes to represent change and development while Pangloss remains the apex of the unchanging and inflexible.While most satire grows stale and dated , Candide remains as fresh as it was when Voltaire wrote it . In the end , as Candide wisely shows us , in the best of all possible worlds , we all tend our gardens as best as we possibly can .
 When Voltaire 's Candide was originally published in 1759 , it must have really been something . Voltaire 's goal , of course , was to satirize the haberdash Liebnizian view holding that everything that happens in this world - the good , the bad , the ugly - is all part of God 's omnibenevolent plan , and hence , ultimately , for the good . Thus , by watching young Candide , a boy schooled in this philosophy , endure mindless tragedy upon mindless tragedy while despearetely trying to decipher how each fits into God 's all-good plan , we see how ridiculous such a view is.While this everything-is-for-the-best-no-matter-how-bad-it-actually-seems view is not AS active today as it was in Voltaire 's 1759 , we still see a good bit of it . Witness Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell telling us that the 9/11 suicide attacks were God 's way of punishing us for leftward political activities -LRB- as if an all-powerful God could n't come up with some better way to get a message to us than this -RRB- . And how many times , in the face of tragedy , do we hear platitudes like `` It is all ultimately for the best , '' or , `` God works in mysterious ways . `` In a sense , Candide is as biting and prescient now as it must have been in 1759 . Of course , Voltaire is n't trying to disprove this Liebnizian idea . Satire ca n't disprove ; that 's what philosophic tomes are for . Rather , Voltaire is simply trying to show it 's absurdity by allowing us to laugh at it -LRB- in the comfort of our own homes , of course -RRB- . So those looking for an actual debunking of the `` problem of evil '' -LRB- as it is known in philosophy -RRB- should look elsewhere.Another warning
 Candide is a short and rewarding read . Follow the adventures of Candide , an honest and naive young man who grows up in a baron 's household in Germany , on his loss-of-innocence journey . Kicked out of his house after he is caught in a tryst with the baron 's daughter , Candide is banished to wander the cruel world . From forced conscription to the Inquisition , Candide sees wonder upon wonder , always holding fast to the teachings of Master Pangloss , his philosophy teacher , that all things -LRB- no matter how bad -RRB- are right -- because they must be so , and picking up new friends on the way.Candide is Voltaire 's Swift-like satirical commentary on the society of his day -LRB- Europe -RRB- and all its dirty laundry -- the hypocrisy , greed , cruelty , lecherousness , and demagoguery . Not a single ethnic , political , or religious faction is spared . Voltaire wants Candide , and his reader , to cast off our complacency and irrational optimism , embracing instead demonstrable truths and the responsibility to make things right.In short , Voltaire wants Candide to live up to his name , and maybe it is the most innocent and gullible hero needed to restore the integrity Voltaire saw lacking in the men and women of his day -- a new beginning .
 I first read `` Candide '' when I was still in HS , around 4 or 5 years ago . Maybe it was because I was forced to read it for a class , but I really did n't `` get it '' back then . Having some free time while I waited for my next amazon.com book order to arrive , I decided to pick up `` Candide '' once again . This time around , my experience was much more enlightening . `` Candide '' revolves around the title character , who has had it instilled upon him by Dr. Pangloss , his personal philosopher , that we live in the `` best of all possible worlds . '' After seeing Pangloss fooling around with the chambermaid , Candide decided to replicate the acts with the Lady Cunegonde . After being discovered by the Baron , Candide is swiftly kicked -LRB- on his rump -RRB- out of Westphalia . This sets into motion a long and unbelievable set of events . Candide travels across half the known world in hopes of once again being reunited with Lady Cunegonde . Calamity upon calmity is witnessed by Candide yet he remains steadfast in his belief that everything works out for the best . To fully understand the insanity that marks this book you have to read it for yourself . I would do it an injustice it by saying anything further . I will say that the ending is quite a change of pace from the rest of the book.Although it is n't hard to discern that this story is wholy unrealistic , it is written in such a way that you feel it is somewhat plausible . This might stem from the fact that our society has done a 180 and is composed mainly of cynics and pessimists . Although it was written around 250 years ago , many of the basic issues that Voltaire attacks are still around today . While we do n't have the Inquisition murdering people today , religious intolerance is still deep rooted in many humans.There are many reasons I so highly recommend this book . It is a quick read , something you can finish in only a couple hours . It also has several fantastical scenes that will leave you chuckling in disbelief . Finally , it is a good book to see exactly how much our world -LRB- at least the Western half -RRB- has changed .
 The story of Candide greatly affected the way I perceive occurances on a daily basis . I 've always lived with a very optimistic outlook on life , assuming things will always turn out for the best . After reading the tragedies young Candide had to cope with and the way that he handled them , I realized that such a naive approach to life could be very dangerous . The proper amount of optimism is always good because it keeps hopes alive , but being irrationally optimistic in certain circumstances can often result in dire consequences .
 It -LSB- optimism -RSB- is the obstinacy of maintaining that everything is best when it is worst . `` With satirical wit and humor , the great French Enlightenment thinker Voltaire espouses his philosophical beliefs in `` Candide , '' an 18th century masterpiece . At first , the intent of `` Candide '' may be a bit difficult to discern . If you have a mindset that this is a flowery treatise on Enlightenment philosophy , you may be disappointed -LRB- or relieved -RRB- . `` Candide '' is neither realistic nor didactic . In fact , one can almost view it as a dark comedy or a biting satire , for most of the circumstances are absurd and far-fetched , to say the least.Although Candide -LRB- `` The Optimist '' -RRB- is the protagonist , his teacher Pangloss is the most important character , for Pangloss is a magnificent -LRB- or so Candide thinks -RRB- philosopher who espouses the eternal optimistic view - no matter what evil befalls humankind , it is part of a perfect master plan . Indeed , this is the `` best of all worlds '' . Despite being stricken with syphilis , hanged , nearly dissected , enslaved , losing an arm , ear and nose , burned and drowned , he maintains this worldview until his last dying breath . As a foil to Pangloss , Martin is an eternal pessimist . Yet , while this worldview may be more pragramtic in an imperfect world , it nevertheless discounts true good in the world and can also be a hindrance . Indeed , Voltaire criticizes both extreme optimism and extreme pessimism . `` Candide '' is Voltaire 's forum for exposing the hypocrisy and brutality of the world he lived in . Voltaire bashes Catholicism by repeated references to gay clergy and the illegitimate child of the Pope . Voltaire shows disdain for Protesant zealots by illustrating the contemptible treatment of Candide when he expresses doubt that the Pope is the devil . Voltaire ridicules the aristocracy with the character of Cunengard 's brother , a homosexual German baron . Voltaire ridicules the monarchy by virtue of six deposed kings bemoaning their fates in a village inn . Voltaire satirizes do-nothing philosophers through Pangloss and Martin . Voltaire rips Islam through the sultans and princes of Turkey . Anyway , you get the picture . Even the relatively progressive country of England is not immune to Voltaire 's criticism.Another myth that Voltaire dispels is the Utopian ideal , embodied in the mythical city of El Dorado in South America . In this city , there is no religion , prisons , or crimes . The roads are paved with gold and diamonds and even the most destitute denizen lives a carefree , fulfilling life . There is no need for money , despite the land 's innumerable riches . Yet , this utopia is nearly inaccessible to the outside world , as Candide stumbles upon it by a freak of nature . Although this utopia is perfect , no one will ever reach it again . In this way , Voltaire seems to imply that the pursuit of a utopia on earth is a fruitless endeavor.So what exactly is Voltaire 's worldview ? Through Zenoida , a desposed Danish noblewoman , Voltaire expresses his philosophies . Although we are all children of Providence , we are not exempt from sorrow , misery , and grievous atrocities , for life is a conglomeration of both pain and pleasure . The best one can do is to better the community one lives in and to follow one 's conscience . Idleness and philosophizing without action is a useless endeavor . `` Wait a minute - who the # @ % ! is Zenoida and since when was Pangloss burned and drowned . I 've read the entire book and there 's no reference to either . '' Ah , yes , most novels only present Part I of `` Candide , '' where our merry adventurers our left to live out a fulfulling life on a modest farm in Turkey . But there 's more to this story . Do yourself a favor and download Part II of Candide , easily obtainable on the internet through a free literature site , such as the Gutenberg Project . In Part II , Voltaire presents a tidy conclusion for Candide and his companions , while providing more items for contemplation . Honestly , I found Part II -LRB- which is shorter than Part I -RRB- a more enjoyable read .
 Candide , which is subtitled Optimism , was written in 1759 , and is proof that a sharp wit and biting satire was just as much appreciated in Voltaire 's time , as it is today.Candide is the life story of a fictional character named Candide . He is a naive , innocent , and optimistic sort of person . If you ever feel that life has treated you unfairly , then you have nothing to complain about if you compare yourself to poor Candide . Just about everything bad imaginable happens to him during the course of his life . Fortunately , at least Voltaire leaves him still alive at the end of the book.Although the book is funny and fast paced -LRB- my copy has 115 pages -RRB- , it can best be appreciated by recognizing the author 's intention . Candide is Voltaire 's commentary on the church 's prevailing philosophy at the time.In Voltaire 's time , the church preached that because God is perfect , he would only create the best of all possible worlds . To create a lesser world would imply that God was less than perfect . I do n't believe Voltaire 's argument was against this philosophy per se , but rather against the way it was used to justify all the evil found in the world.The `` best of all possible worlds '' proponents used the argument to justify all bad things as a necessary part of the world and so bad things should be accepted as just another part of life . However , Voltaire 's philosophy was that `` we must cultivate our gardens '' , i.e. , help the good to grow while pulling out the weeds . Greed , lust , vice , etc. , were not necessary in Voltaire 's opinion and we should make every attempt to ward off such evils rather than merely accept them.The `` best of all possible worlds '' philosophy is exemplified in the book by Candide 's teacher , Dr. Pangloss -LRB- a footnote says that Pangloss means `` all-tongue '' -RRB- . Pangloss teaches Candide this philosophy and Candide tries to use it throughout the book to justify the bad things that happen to him . Voltaire uses this approach to ridicule proponents of the `` best of all possible worlds '' argument for why evil things happen , and takes us on an exciting and funny adventure in the process.Candide is certainly one of the best books you could ever read . After all , there must be some reason the book is still popular today and has even been made into musical plays . Other quick Amazon picks include , White Noise by DeLillo , WILL@epicqwest.com by Tom Grimes
 Like any story that is written in an allegorical style , it serves the reader well to investigate the story of the writer as a person before trying to understanding the motivations of the person as a writer . -LRB- Clarence Darrow 's short , unofficial biography is an excellent reference . -RRB- Suffice to say that any philosophy that can be applied and re-applied through history must be treated as relevant . Candide 's story , a quest to be reunited with a woman who represents an idea more than a person , of human suffering , of enduring injustice , and of noble intention twisted to serve the basest defects of human character , could evoke similarities in a modern setting as easily as it was applied to the brutish realities of the 1700s . Read this story . Better yet , read several of Voltaire 's stories -LRB- Zadig or Fate , Princess of Babylon , The White Bull , etc. , -RRB- . Monsieur Voltaire was a hero to not only many of his French brothers and sisters , but was inspirational to several rebellious British subjects in the `` New World '' , most notably Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson . The Age of Enlightenment owes perhaps more to this man and his spirit of personal freedoms , independent thought , and libertarian dogma , than any other thinker of his time .
 I 'm not usually predisposed to the classics , but this is one I 'd been meaning to read for quite a while , and it is relatively short . I absolutely loved it . This book is exactly the kind of dark and mocking satire that I go for . Plus , it 's chock full of great quotes . I wish that the ending had been less happy , but we ca n't have everything , can we ? I definitely recommend it .
 The story is quick -- there is never a slow pace . Everything shared is done so matter of factly , you 'll need to back track to realize that something serious has just happened . Just pay attantion to all the little ironic twists from a man banned from his own country -LRB- Voltaire , the author , I mean . -RRB-
 Indubitably one of the most prodigious philosophical luminaries ever , Voltaire amazingly , although not surpisingly , continues to resonate to new generations even today . Candide , albeit a short work , emanates incredible power . When first printed , Candide subsequently was banned by Louis XV for fear of rousing the proletariat . Upon reading Candide , one can , without doubt , ascertain why . Voltaire stresses resilience , realism , and an eschewal of blithe trust and optimism.For a short work , Candide provides more outrageously absurd events than one would deem possible . Voltaire 's unremitting penchant for humorous and farcical satire makes this book an absolute necessity to read for anyone who possesses a keen mind and is up to the challenge of profound literature .
 Complete shock with mix of giggle and 3rd eye opened with depth of meaning . I have read this book at least 7 times
 Everyone will like this story for different reasons . It 's easily read , and one can then toss out the phrase `` I , frequent reader of Voltaire , think ... '' . Alternatively , one can read it AND think about it . How strikingly funny it is . How incredibly relevant it remains to this day . How possible it is to challenge blind optimism and yet not wallow in complete despair and self-pity . Above all , I found it to be a very accessible work of philosophy . Ahem . I mean , `` I , frequent reader of Voltaire , think it is a rather accessible work of philosophy ... ''
 While I must say that I would have never read this book on my own , and satire is really not my favorite genre , it was a fairly good book . It took a second read to appreciate the elements that Voltaire incorporates into every passage of the novel . There is literally nothing that is n't satirized in Candide . I found this book a very tedious and I did not enjoy the wild plot as Candide and his fellow friends travelled all across the world , never to escape sorrows . If you are reading it for surface content and plot I 'm afraid you will be sorely disapointed . Enjoy the satire within it and you will be more likely to appreciate the novel more .
 This book is really a masterpiece . Once again Voltaire proved himself as a world class philosopher . It started with the `` everything is for the best of all world '' as Candide , the central role of this writing , taught by Dr. Pangloss , until he travelled around the world to find many contradictive things which influenced his way of thinking . It 's set in the eighteenth century and deals with all the tragedies of it 's time . Voltaire touches base with many historical accounts including the earthquakes of Lima and Lisbon . Candide is a naive , innocent , and optimistic sort of person . If you ever feel that life has treated you unfairly , then you have nothing to complain about if you compare yourself to poor Candide . Really give me an enlightenment
 One of the funniest books ever written -LRB- if you do n't mind historical references . . -RRB-
 I picked this book up at the bookshop near Ground Zero . And to my suprise it was not a heavy story that caused one anguish to read it . I thought the story was told in a quick straight forward way that was both fun and educational . I agree if one were to really take this book and ponder over the morals Voltaire tries to preach , then the book would n't have been as entertaining to me . Nice and lite read . I recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 . I think I know why this book was not taught in many schools , it does have a hint of anti-Semitism .
 In the 1920 's , long after Voltaire wrote `` Candide '' , Emil Coue -LRB- France 's version of Norman Vincent Peale -RRB- coined the phrase , `` Every day , and in every way , I am getting better and better . `` Well , maybe his disciples were , but Hitler had exchanged his paint brush for a pen , the Colonialists were carving up `` The Dark Continent '' , and the bubble was about to burst on Wall Street.Fast forward to the 21st Century , ushered in by a variety of `` religious '' terrorists holding The One , True Answer and corporate executives who let their underlings `` eat cake '' ; and you know that nothing - absolutely nothing - will change . Did Nostradamus really believe the war at the start of this Millennium would set the stage for an unprecedented era of world peace ? `` Candide '' is a thoroughly delicious satire with a very dark underside . Voltaire punctures , he skewers , he scoffs , and in the end , asks us to make the best of a bad lot by steering clear of the charlatans , keeping our heads down , and sticking to the garden path.But remember
 There was a time when a thought CANDIDE to be a masterpiece of humankind . after analysing it more carefully , I realize it isnt really a book to make us think , It is a retoric book of action which induces us to accept Voltaire 's decision without really knowing WHY Leibniz argued THIS world to be the best world . It not a so easy thing to understand after you read Leibniz MONADOLOGY . Candide is great , but it is not on the top of the literary tower on the side of ODYSSEY or DIVINE COMEDY or BROTHERS KARAMAZOVI .
 A while ago I was browsing reviews of Candide on this very site , and I found one that nearly made me hurl . The reviewer said that the book is no longer applicable to the world because Voltaire 's fight had been won
 Voltaire 's work is a classic . He 's the only one that can get away with writing about beastiality -LRB- did I spell that right ? -RRB- . No matter how much optimism we may have , there remain people that we may never understand , circumstances out of our control , and fortunes that slip away . But in the end , what matters the most , is advice given from a middle class Turk . We must tend our own garden , no matter how small it may be . This is where we can taste the delicious fruits from our labor .
 This book written by Voltaire in 1759 is as funny to read now as it was when it was written . It tells the story about an illegitimate son of Dr. Pangloss . This book is a satire and as good a depiction of the follies and vices of men that you 'll find . We follow Candide through many outrageous adventures which put into question all that mankind holds dear -LRB- such as science , philosophy , religion , government and romance -RRB- . It attacks the pretentiousness of the upper classes . It attacks man 's culpability , stupidity and crudeness . It 's funny , warm and incredibly poignant . It is no wonder that the printer that was to publish Voltaire 's book had to go underground to do so , and that he lost his business and his personal fortune because of this book . This is a masterful , if blistering satire on the follies and vices of men . Voltaire does not save anybody , no matter what walk of life they are in . In fact , the upper classes are painted in a very unflattering light . Candide is a young and impressionable if somewhat bumptious hero , who falls into and out of more trouble in his life . He is a nave soul who believes all that he is told and thinks that everyone knows more about things than he does himself . Voltaire spares no punches as he outlines his idea of man . To him humankind shows grossness , cupidity , and not a little outright stupidity . But even so the book is not as pessimistic as it could be . There is a freshness here in the simplemindedness of Candide , and in the occasional goodness that he runs across . His stay at Eldorado is part of the book that illustrates goodness , and the ending leaves on an optimistic note when Voltaire and his motley band of followers realize that good will come if man will stay at home and look after his acreages . Wonderful book !
 Candide is among the classics of world - literature.Voltaire wrote a hundred volumes or more but this is the only piece which is still read today . There is reason for this . The theme is an eternal one , innocent optimistic idealistic youth confronting the realities of the world , and being slowly disabused of his idealism . Voltaire takes on Leibniz whose views are represented by Candide 's teacher Pangloss -LRB- Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds -RRB- . Voltaire writes with great satirical skill of the numerous misadventures of Candide who after them all comes to the conclusion that ' it is best to cultivate one 's own garden ' . One reason I never fully enjoyed the book is my sense of a certain predictable slaptstick element in which the cruelty preceding is certainly about to be followed by the cruelty to come . And this too has to do with a feeling a sense that Voltaire himself seemed to be enjoying the cruelty more than anything else . Voltaire it is true has an honored place in the human struggle for freedom of individual expression but he was on the personal level a quite terrible person . And that feeling that for him the cruelties of life are a bit of a delight did not escape me when reading the work.This to my mind means that the work can not even come close to those peaks of world literature in which we have deep connection with and sympathy for the major heroes . Candide is a straw - figure and this little moral allegory still speaks a truth and a question .
 Still today , over two hundred years after it was written , Candide still shines as one of literature 's best satires.The book is full of pessimism does not prevent him from using humor throughout the book . Some of the humor used in the book is blatant ; the governor of Buenos Ayres declares his love for Cun&eacute;gonde , says he will marry her , then never does . In case readers did not understand the hypocrisy , Voltaire gave the governor a name to remember
 Yes , this is a rereading of a book for school , but like most books , I got more out of it on a second reading . I love this short novel of a young man 's journey through the world of sin , evil , and darkness to test preconceived theological and philosophical notions that this world is the `` best of all possible worlds . `` Candide is Voltaire 's indictment on an active , benevolent God , but he ignores the important fact that without an absolute standard of what is good , how can we call anything evil ? Why are all the wars , rapes , thieving , murder , and vengeance Candide experiences considered evil if there is no measuring stick to define it against an absolute good ? In the words of C. S. Lewis , how can we call a line crooked without any notion of a straight line ? Contrary to Voltaire 's findings , the evil and wickedness in Candide 's world point to absolutes of goodness , fairness , and honesty . If there is no God in this world , how does the atheist explain the evil ? To what standard can he call rape and murder wrong if there is no ultimate goodness ?
 `` When all is said and done , there is a sterling goodness in unsophisticated Nature ; for instead of eating me , these people behaved most politely as soon as they learnt I was not a Jesuit . '' Voltaire 's protagonist Candide is certainly a character who withstood anything the world and mankind could throw at him and remarkably kept his spirit of optimism.Voltaire 's satire - my first experience with anything Voltaire - was a quick and fairly easy read , and a rewarding experience to have acquainted myself with this literary work . Aside from the repeated tragedy experienced by Candide and his various travelling companions , one thing that struck me was how a satire written over 250 years ago still plays so well in today 's world . It poked fun at a myriad of different societal aspects from Voltaire 's time -LRB- mid-1700s -RRB-
 This is my first attempt at Classic Literature , and I have to say that this one was very interesting , very well thought out , and dowright good . I loved the descriptions , the overall story . It gave me a new appreciation for literature . Short read , finished in a day and a half.Christopher Berry
 My 15 year old granddaughter requested this book . I was surprised but ordered it for her . This classic is not to be taken lightly .
 I luv that Candide was a sarcastic of politics . IOW , he 's another Jon Stewart & Steven Colbert . Let alone , Thomas Paine . FauxNews & the others sure ca n't handle that sarcasm . It 's not a surprise that grade schools & many colleges do n't have his stuff . Political correctness sure shut out that eh .
 Candide ranks among the best crafted satirical essays on the human condition ever written in the western world . Too bad it was n't required reading when I was in high school .
 Before you read Candide , you must place yourself in XVII Century France ; a time with no middle class , where most diseases are deadly , where the smallest dispute would be solved in a duel , and where making fun of the monarchy could get you hanged or at the very least , flogged . Are you there yet ? If so , poor you . But to enlighten your mood , grab a copy of Candide and I guarantee it will put a smile on your face.Candide is a young , naive man who lives in the lap of luxury under the mentorship of Pangloss , an optimist philosopher who believes that everything that happens , no matter how bad , is always and without fail for the very best . The premise of Voltaire 's story is simple . Optimism is absurd . And the lovely , but yet horrible life of Candide is the tool he uses to prove it.Most people attribute the literary genre of magical realism to Colombian author Gabriel Garcia Marquez and his novel `` 100 Years of Solitude '' , but that would be like saying that Christianity precedes the birth of Christ . Voltaire 's `` Candide or , the Optimist '' is THE blueprint of magical realism and even satire.We follow Candide in his lifelong battle to be with his one and only love , Cunegonde , through a multitude of adventures full of misfortunes , unsurmountable obstacles , improbable situations , and downright silliness ; all of which happens while he struggles to understand how so much misery can indeed be `` for the very best '' . His travels take him through places like Germany , France , Portugal , and even Paraguay . It may sound crazy , but in the world of Candide , it all fits into place.There are so many politically incorrect and deliciously crafted remarks that at the time , would have been considered downright blasphemous . It 's hilarious . Chapter 25 is a perfect example of this . Candide and a companion visit Lord Pococurante , a noble Venetian , at his breathtaking palace . Candide is impressed by the cultural collection of art and literary works he owns , but yet , Lord Pococurante is disgusted by it ! When describing a Raphael painting , the senator explains that `` the colours are too dark , the figures are not sufficiently rounded , nor in good relief , and the draperies in no way resemble stuffs . '' Then , while they waited for dinner , the musicians played a tune and Candide found it delicious . `` This noise , '' said the Senator , `` may amuse one for half an hour ; but if it were to last longer it would grow tiresome to everybody , though they durst not own it . Music , today , is only the art of executing difficult things , and that which is only difficult can not please long . Perhaps I should be fonder of the opera if they had not found the secret of making of it a monster which shocks me . Let who will go to see bad tragedies set to music , where the scenes are contrived for no other end than to introduce two or three songs ridiculously out of place , to show off an actress 's voice . Let who will , or who can , die away with pleasure at the sight of an eunuch quavering the role of Caesar , or of Cato , and strutting awkwardly upon the stage . `` After dinner they went into the library . Candide , seeing a Homer magnificently bound , commended the virtuoso on his good taste . To which he replied : `` They used at one time to make me believe that I took a pleasure in reading him . But that continual repetition of battles , so extremely like one another ; those gods that are always active without doing anything decisive ; that Helen who is the cause of the war , and who yet scarcely appears in the piece ; that Troy , so long besieged without being taken ; all these together caused me great weariness . I have sometimes asked learned men whether they were not as weary as I of that work . Those who were sincere have owned to me that the poem made them fall asleep ; yet it was necessary to have it in their library as a monument of antiquity , or like those rusty medals which are no longer of use in commerce . `` Is this not brilliant ? Forgive me for quoting so much in this review , but it 's all so good that it 'd be a shame not to share more!When confronted about Cicero 's works , the senator said
 Just Brilliant , brilliant , -LRB- did I say brilliant ? I mean brilliant ! -RRB- Devilishly intelligent , brutally candid , deliciously twisted but poignant , deeply philosophical , and strangely entertaining . '' Man was born to live either in the convulsions of misery , or in the lethargy of boredom . '' Hmmm ... what would Voltaire say about our modern day insanity -- war over oil , what is going on in Africa and Muslim countries , Aids , TB epidemic on one hand , then fanatic positivism , over the top political correctness , all dogmatic religious righteousnes , self-help , inspirational self actualization movement etc on the other . Interestingly enough , I have read a few books recently that I think may be relevant -- Red and Black by Stendahl , Eichmann in Jerusalem by hannah Arendt , God 's Problems by Bart Ehrman , The Age of Wonder by Richard Holmes .
 Candide is an ambitious book . It should be an example for all ` would-be ' writers all over the world . It is not less than a frontal attack on the greatest philosopher of Voltaire 's time , Leibniz , for whom the world he lived in was ` the best possible ' . ` Dear Pangloss -LRB- = know everything -RRB- , when you were hanged , dissected , cruelly beaten , did you still think that everything was for the best in this word ? ' ` I still hold my original opinion ' , replied Pangloss , ` since Leibniz can not be wrong . ` This eventful text running with dazzling speed is a masterful mockery of Leibniz 's philosophy with its ` causes and effects ' , ` sufficient reasons ' , ` -LRB- non -RRB- contingent events ' , ` freedoms and necessities ' , ` -LRB- pre-established -RRB- harmonies ' , ` souls and evils ' and ` natural laws ' : ` You expect to eat a Jesuit today ; nothing could be more just , for natural law teaches us to kill our neighbor . If we do n't exercise the right to eat him , it 's because we have other things to make a good meal of . ` Voltaire is a fundamental pessimist
 Candide , is a fast moving book that ridicules the philosophy that ` everything is best . ' Throughout the book , in a comical , witty , and grotesque way , Candide , finds himself questioning whether that principle is really true , as it seems , things may really be for the worst . But , Candide being so naive and idolizing of his teacher , Dr. Pangloss , the man who taught him the philosophy , persistenly believes and defends it ; although , it is clear by the events in the book that it is false .
 Voltaire 's book , originally published in 1759 , is a classic of world literature . At face value , it is an allegorical attack in the belief on progress of its age , but I think it is much more than that . With a plot similar to that of a picaresque novel , it tells the story of Candide , a nave young man taught by Dr. Plangloss -LRB- `` all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds '' -RRB- on Leibnizian optimism . Several misfortunes forces him to go on a journey throughout the world -LRB- among the lands he travels , very breezily , are his native Germany , Bulgaria , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , South America , France , England , Venice and the Ottoman Empire -RRB- . Through the book , the main purpose of his life is to meet his beloved Cunegonde , a friend of his childhood who seems to have been through as much misfortunes as him . The novel attacks not only the religious intolerance of the day , but European colonialism , and institutions then considered natural by most people , like slavery -LRB- when he meets an African slave in the Dutch colony in Surinam , the black man wonders why if the Dutch preachers tell him that all men are brothers , some peoples rule over others -RRB- . In a Rousseau-like touch , the place most happy to him seems to be a place in South America , where the natives have found a shelter from the European conquistadors , and where gold is considered valueless mud . And despite being almost 250 years old , the book is very accessible -LRB- at least in the translation I have read -RRB- .
 I decided to read this book after watching its broadway rendition , and I have to say that it truly surprised me . Although the musical was funny , I figured this old book would be some stuffy , boring literature usually forced upon students by their teachers ; instead , I found it truly delightful and satirical to read . It is a very short book , and although I wanted more at the end , it was nice , fresh and held my attention throughout .
 This is a hilarious romp through the 18th century world that Voltaire knew . This book provided him to make fun of the intellectuals of the day -LRB- cannibals who only eat Jesuits -RRB- the politics of Europe and the social mores of the elite . His characters include the noble Candide who combines his good heart with his reliance of Gilgamesh like helpers in order to succeed . His hero worship for Dr. Pangloss , the Rasputin like philosopher -LRB- and later Martin -RRB- bailed him out of some situations but perhaps more importantly his lesser , Cacambo saved his life . All of the fantastic adventures that Candide experienced were all designed to reunite him with his true love Cunegonde.Many years later , Upton Sinclair wrote a `` Candide '' like , utopian socialist fantasy novel , Metropolis that I was reminded of while reading this novel .
 As a rule I do n't recap the plot of books because I do n't want to ruin anything for anyone , but for this one I will make a slight exception . Candide is a naive young man who lives in paradise worshiping his one true love , a princess at the castle in which he resides . The cruel world comes in and sends him on a trip of horrors that would make what Job went through seem like a blister . Fast moving , exciting and funny as a great novel can be.This book can be read as a fun tale of misfortune and woe , or it can be read as a deep philosophical tale . Which is why the book is brilliant , it works on many different levels . Actually , it works on every level , which is why I recommend it to everyone who claims that they love to read . The humor is biting and hilarious , which is why it is the greatest satire ever written , even if the object of the satire has long since died.I do want to point out one thing , and it wo n't ruin the ending , because the ending is n't as important as the journey . Many people see this novel as an unabashed , full on assault on optimism . It is n't . Read the ending again . In the end things work out for the main characters , just not in the way they could have ever imagined in the beginning . I think that this novel deals with the unreal expectations of youth and innocence than it does optimism . READ FOR YOURSELF AND DECIDE !!
 This classic by Voltaire is wonderful satire . Candide , the young illegitimate nephew of a German baron , is taught by his teacher/philosopher Pangloss that this world is `` the best of all possible worlds . '' Candide falls in love with Cunegonde , the baron 's young daughter . When their love is discovered , Candide is expelled from his home , and the fun starts . The entire novel is then consumed with tongue-in-cheek melodrama of Candide 's worldwide attempt to find and marry Cunegonde , who is , of course , constantly on the move.Early on in the story we realize that the important aspects of Voltaire 's novel are not the plot 's details but the higher themes
 I had some hesitation about reading Candide but I found that this book has mirrored my own thoughts on how life is . That things are n't for the greater good , that with courage and persiverance that we can achieve our goals . That ; it is best to cultivate one 's own garden.One thing ; this book is very , very French . It is very Moliere , Diderot , etc. styled . It is ludicruous in some spots and so over the top.Wonderful book .
 CANDIDE is Voltaire 's wittiest novel . Voltaire knew suffering . He had been imprisoned in the Bastille . He meditated on calamities , earthquakes in Lisbon and in Lima . CANDIDE was publshed in 1759 . Voltaire emphasizes the resilience of human nature . Finally , there is characterized the uselessness of metaphysical speculation and the value of work.Candid was granted a pardon from the King of the Bulgars because he was a philosopher . He encountered a charitable Anabaptist in Holland . In South America the lovely Cunegonde 's , the woman of Candide 's dream , brother appeared as a Jesuit . Candide had learned from their tutor Pangloss that he was deceased . The Jesuit Baron became angry with Candide because he wanted to marry his sister and then Candide had to kill him in self-defense . Subsequently Candide 's life was spared because he was not a Jesuit . Candide and his servant , Cacambo , traveled to El Dorado . They left to find Cunegonde and ran into a sugar plantation.Candide embarked with an old man , the scholar Martin , for Bordeaux . Candide had the hope of seeing Cunegonde again . Candide went to Paris . He spent an evening gambling , and did not mind his losses , and so was taken as one of the English milords . Candide and Martin , through a series of events , were taken to lower Normandy to save their lives . Their ship went to Portsmouth , England . At length they reached Venice . Candide was reunited with his servant.The party went to Constantinople . First Candide bought Cacambo his freedom . Pangloss and Cunegonde 's brother , the Baron , were found alive as galley slaves and their freedom was purchased . Cunegonde was found working in the kitchen of the Price of Transylvania . The Baron still objected to the marriage of Candide to his sister , but he was ignored . The group endeavored to work on their small estate .
 Explore into Voltaire 's world as you read the piece of literature he wrote to express his opinions and scrutiny of society . Candide is an adventurous novel with a philosophical viewpoint . See society through the eyes of Candide 's experiences with all the negative and positive aspects . Candide is a young man who is deeply in love with the baron of Thunder-ten-tronckh 's daughter , Cunegonde . Although , the baron and his son will never aprove of their love Candide will always hold her love close to him . Candide is tricked throughout the novel and taken advantage of many times . He lives with the many philosphical points of his teacher , Pangloss . Candide doubts Pangloss ' theorys throughout the novel , and decides what his own theory 's are by observing people and through his many interactions that he encounters . Candide meets many people that he either rescues from poverty or is being arrested for ridiculous speculations . In the end everything went chaotic for a reason , and Candide finds hisself being the optimist after all .
 I have always been fond of satire . Candide is my second favorite satire of all time.Voltaire with great style and grace attacks the great sacred cow 's of his day . Popes , Kings , philosophy 's he detests , theater critics , the greedy , and wars are but a few.My favorite line was his description of the inquisition
 Candide is basically Voltaire 's criticism of the idea of optimism . Optimism in the 18th century did not have the same meaning as it does today . Back then , it was the belief that ours is the best of all possible worlds , since it is G-d 's world and G-d is perfect . Voltaire takes a naive adherent to this belief and exposes him to the horrors of the world
 I had to read this book for english class . at first , i thought it would another one of those hard to read boring classics . Then i found out how wrong i was . this is one of the best books i 've read so far . it has so much truth and Voltaire informs us on moral values . the theme of this book fascinated me and even inspired me . I absolutely love and cherish this book . I found it relating to our society in so many ways and specifically to my life . I finished this book in one day ... that 's how much i was intrigued and fascinated by it ! I recommend this book to everyone . It 's a must read !
 pretty good satire from the master of the genre
 this book was pretty good . it was kind of weird but good . i thought that it wasnt a satire but my lit teacher said that it was so you have to interpret it as one . if you dont then it makes it look like any regular book that you would read .
 Makes you laugh and makes you think.Candide
 Diamonds , they say , are made from graphite . Voltaire has here written a gem of a story from the unpromising material of cynicism and farce . Do n't try this at home -- apart from genius , it will fall flat -- but Candide ripples with wit.Leibnetz , it is true , is hardly a household name today . But I expect Candide was also meant to be a sword-thrust into the soft underbelly of theism , the `` Problem of Pain . '' While orthodox Christians do not claim this to be the `` best of all possible worlds '' -LRB- rather , a fallen one -RRB- , the chaotic and apparently senseless troubles in it seem to a lot of us , too , to be the best argument against our faith . Voltaire twists the knife well . I was glad to see that though he excels , and delights , in mockery , the story functions ultimately as what may be an honest question , like that of Job or of Solomon . -LRB- In fact , ironically , the book Candide most reminds me of is Ecclesiastes . -RRB- In one regard , at least , Candide is less true to life than the Biblical point of view , however . Thousands die here , but no one is begotten . The insanity of life is celebrated to the full , but its beauty and wonder are not squarely faced . The one-sidedness of Voltaire 's approach lessens it as a work of philosophy , in my opinion . I could n't help but reflect that many in the 20th Century went into the hell-holes of communist prisons , where every horror Candide and his friends experienced occurred , and more -LRB- the atheists of the 20th Century were also , in their own ways , ingenious -RRB- , yet emerged with a strong belief in God . -LRB- Even some , like Solzhenitsyn , who went in as atheists . -RRB- Why is that ? Philosophy , it seems to me , needs to face all sides of a question . This Voltaire hardly pretends to do
 Though , in my humble opinion , Voltaire is not one of history 's greatest philosophers , `` Candide '' is indeed one of history 's greatest works of philosophy . It is also one of the greatest satires ever written . I believe that even Leibnitz would have found something eminently enjoyable in this work .
 Candide is far from being ennervated by time . In fact , it may be more relevant now than at any time since Voltaire wrote it in the mid-1700s . What happens to Candide , Pangloss and all the other main characters in the novel is cruelly absurd . Real life itself , as we can all testify from personal experience , is often just as capricious , nonsensical and painful as the landscape through which Candide moves.And make no mistake -- this is a novel of movement
 For what reason would the greastest tale of Franois-Marie Arouet -LRB- Voltaire -RRB- be considered one of the best books ever written ? For answering such a question , I would have to waste the pages of a little essay , but if you want a short response , there it goes , whomever is not drowned on the best-seller trash of our comtemporary times will get the point
 I must be the only college student that wasnt forced to read this for a class . Anyway , this was an interesting book that really made me think . I didnt find it so much as funny as sad at depicting the horrors of the world but it does so in such a light , outragous way.Some of the best parts are at the end , like when they go visit the rich man who doesnt enjoy anything.The plot is over the top and outragous but this is still one of the most realistic books Ive read . I found it kind of bleak and depressing but I also found it intriguing.Voltaire exaggerates everything in Candide , all of the misfortunes everyone has to go through are too horrible to be even realistic . At least I hope no ones had quite as bad time of it as candide . Even if you dont agree with Voltire and even if you share views with Dr. Pangloss you should still read this book.One final thing , dont mourn overmuch for any of the characters when they die , theyll turn up again later .
 This is the actual script from the original stage play . It is VERY helpful in sorting through some of the SE London accents and slang in the movie . There are scenes and dialogue that are not in the movie that give further background to the story and character development . A GREAT love story . A MUST READ .
 I 've just ordered this book off of Amazon . I have read some brilliant reveiws on it and I got everythign I hoped for . I cried , I laughed and made a complete fool of myself infront of everyone . I now have all my mates queing to read it . I have never read a book so wonderful and it should be made available everywhere , not just via the internet . It 's also very easy for me , as it is set where i am living at the moment so the language is easily understood . I recomend this book to everyone who needs comforitng at any time or for anyone who just likes to smile.I was also hoping to veiw the film , but I can not get hold of a copy so if anyone reading this review would n't mind lending me a copy I would be very grateful ...
 I 've read the play , the screenplay , have seen it performed and seen the movie and believe that Beautiful Thing is one of the best stories of our time . It is the story of two young boys from broken homes coming of age while dealing with the complexity of their growing feelings for each other . Some critics may say that Harvey has stereo-typed his characters and that may be true but who , in this day and age , DOES N'T fit into a stereo-type . In a world full of cynicism and repression , Harvey presents us with a story that gives everyone who reads his play or sees it performed a glimpse of hope within the darkness .
 If you enjoyed `` Beautiful Thing '' the movie and already have its screenplay then you will almost certainly enjoy the stageplay too . The play was one of the great successes in London 's West End in recent years . Primarily a happy gay love story , it 's as much about mother love , coming of age and having something special of your own in a tough world.The basic story is the same as the film screenplay -LRB- but without scenes away from the appartment block -RRB- . There are some really affecting lines in the play which did n't make it to the film -LRB- like when Jamie describes to Tony how one of Sandra 's former boyfriends beat her up -RRB- . If you 've heard good things about `` Beautiful Thing '' but have n't seen it yet then I 'd recommend seeing the movie before reading the stageplay -LRB- or screenplay -RRB- . While superb in written form it 's the acting and music of the film that breathes vibrant life into it .
 I saw the show in Chicago and it was brilliant ! The story is so honest and heart-felt . Harvey did a magnificent job of not turning the show into a cliched `` gay '' play .
 I recommend this book to everyone . The story of Beautiful thing is a great story about a different adolescence which is an unseparated part of our lives in today 's society . the story is not too fiction and it touched my heart graetlly . thanx ... Dror G.
 i saw the movie before i read the book if i remember correctly -LRB- it was a long time ago for both -RRB- . i loved the movie . the characters were so realistic and the way that jamie connected with his mother was not buttered up , it was the way it is with most mothers and their kids at that age . this isnt a page about the movie though , this is about the book.when i first got this book i ordered it from a local store and waited a month for it to come in . when i got it i was handed this leafy little book with a black and white cover with a man jumping in the air on it . the guy at the counter looked at me and said `` thatll be < somewhere between 12 and 18 bucks i forget > '' . i look at him like hes insane because of that.EXPLANATION OF THE SIZEthis is a play . the book concentrates on what is done and said , not in the way that someone leans over to get the morning paper . they dont waiste time . this book if performed would not be tiny , it would be a normal size play.okay so i get in the car with the book and im all mad cause the price i thought insane for the book and my mom said `` then take it back in there cause im not coming back '' i said `` no , i already ordered it , i might as well read it , i want it '' and i start reading it in the car and then i get out of the car and walk out and my moms trying to talk to me . i am completly in this book , i dont hear much of anything.lets just put it this way . ive never regreted buying that book and ive read it about 20 times or more . the reason that im here buying a new one is because during a move it was stolen and im here to read it yet again.read the play , watch the movie and if your in england see the play if its still being shown.beautiful thing will steal your heart.reason behind the movies r rating.okay its a really innocent movie in most parts.its a love story between 2 boys but its also got another branch off because its the story of the boy `` jamie '' also connecting with his mother and her boyfriend.with ste your seeing domestic abuse . ste is a teenage boy in the flat next to theirs thats being beaten by his father and brother.with ste and leah your also seeing drugs , granted not in a pro kind of way though and its not a big part of the movie . its one scene and a small bit of another.so in a way i guess the r rating is kind of deserved but there are so many movies that are pg 13 that have so much more than this in them .
 I first found this film in local library and fell in love with it . It is a simple and honest love story , I laughed and I cried all the way through it , I have also performed in the play as the main character Jamie .
 I received this video for Christmas and have fallen for it deeply . I 've watched ` Beautiful Thing ' every day -- I ca n't get enough of it . The story is honest , down-to-earth and very , very funny . Jamie and Ste will steal your heart !
 Well researched and documented , and yet an interesting and pleasant book to read ; I learned from this book many things I completely ignored about history of Nouvelle France . A dispassioned history of the wars among French colonists of Canada , Indians and the British colonists of the early American colonies .
 This is the best fairy story ever written . I love it , it 's an exciting adventure about a little girl 's journey to find the happiness she longs for . It 's unputdownable , I read it over and over when I was a child -LRB- and still read it occasionally now ! -RRB- it 's a must have for all little girls !
 I have been making forms in Acrobat since version 3.0 , and have a background in Dbase III , Foxpro , Visual Basic . NET , and SQL 2000 . However , I never learned Javascript formally or in-depth . This book was an excellent springboard to a good working knowledge of JavaScript , especially relating to Acrobat . The chapters are broken down by functionality and increase in complexity , and each has at least one project that the author will guide you step-by-step -LRB- you can download the PDF 's from the author 's website -RRB- . The book was edited very well , I found only one mistake -LRB- a typo -RRB- after reading the book almost page for page . What makes this an outstanding book is the clarity of the examples and explanations the author has so obviously spent much time on to help us `` poor newbies '' . My focus was how to get started interacting with databases -LRB- SQL or Access -RRB- , and while the first Chapter -LRB- 16 -RRB- was review for people familiar with databases , Chapter 17 really got me started . The project in the book gives the basics -- to go beyond , you need the following resources
 I have been reading various guides including the Acrobat JavaScript Object Specifications and I was having the hardest time to perform the most simple tasks -LRB- I mean the ones not available in the software -RRB- such as `` spawning '' pages and working with templates , validating or formatting my forms ; I was this close to giving up and have a programmer do it for me -LRB- I am a graphic designer -RRB- and I ordered this book . John Deubert makes it feel so simple ! Through step by step exercises I got to feel comfortable with JavaScript , or at least I now understand how the various functions work together . This is a must for who wants to start creating eForms that are catchy and functional . Very easy to read and understand . Thank you for allowing me to `` fiddle '' with eForms myself .
 I love this book ! I am a professional graphic designer that does not know how to write any JavaScript . I just wanted to be able to create more dynamic pdf files . The author did a great job explaining the JavaScript used in this book in a way that non programmers can grasp!Mr . Deubert was also very gracious in helping me customize one of the scripts in his book to work for a specific project I had . He stands behind his product!I recommend this to anyone that is a non programmer looking to learn how to use JavaScript with Acrobat .
 I was looking for some more advanced features than were offered , but it looks like it will be helpful to me moving forward . I build alot of forms in Adobe Acrobat . If you have never done javascript in Acrobat , or have intermediate knowledge , it may be a helpfull book for you .
 Purchased this book knowing full well it was outdated , but for a beginner in PDF forms this was and is and excellent purchase . Came through quickly and in Excellent condition . I would recommend this book to anybody who is starting out creating and making forms more user friendly . Great Job , ca n't wait till the next book gets released ... please put it on Kindle , Nook and iPad versions as well as Print .
 I had no prior working knowledge of javascript and I wanted to make my Acrobat forms more functional . This book served the purpose.The book is a little dated , but still very relevant . Things have changed with the release of Acrobat 8 , but the information in the book is still valuable . The book gives step-by-steps on how to do things in previous versions , but if you are willing to look around , you can find the screens referred to in Acrobat 8 . With that in mind , I had to give the book a five star rating , since I ca n't fault the author on anything in the book.I am looking forward to books this good written for Acrobat 8 .
 For those of you interested in the Baha'i Faith , I feel that you will find the story of Howard Colby Ives , -LRB- a prominent Christian Clergman of his time -RRB- , both heart warming and informative . The book describes the impact of the Baha'i Faith on the early American Followers of the Religion , and details the spirituail transformation that Colby Ives goes through as he encounters Abdul Baha , -LRB- the son of the Phrophet Founder of the Baha'i Faith -RRB- , when he visited the United States in the early 1900 's . Howard Colby Ives became a prominent Bahai . I feel that this book is a must read , and a book that I read as I was deciding to become a Baha'i . I keep two or three extra copies to loan to other souls , seeking information about the Baha'i Faith , as was done for me .
 This book is a magical account of meetings with a Christian Pastor and the son of the Founder of the Baha'i Faith , Abdu ` l-Baha . Set back in 1912 , you will feel as if you were there for these intimate talks with two very enlightened men . My heart was filled with joy and my eyes with tears in reading and experiencing a trip back in time to a spiritual world full of mysteries This book will leave you with a sense of joy , peace and awe at the Glory of God and our purpose in this life . This very personal book will pierce your soul .
 Portals to FreedomBook ReviewPortals to Freedomby Howard Colby IvesGeorge Ronald , Oxford 1947 . When I first came upon this book in the Amazon listing , I expected a new work by an author new to me , and thus a fresh look at a subject as old as time itself . To find that it was first published in 1947 was surprising indeed in this world of instant gratification and `` What 's New ? `` The author was a Christian Unitarian Minister whose relatively sheltered life was thrown into turmoil through having met numerous times with ` Abdu ` l-Baha , a charismatic gentleman of Persian descent who visited the United States in 1912 . Of this visit , George Ronald , the original publisher of Portals to Freedom , remarked that '' ... If the claims of the Baha'i Faith have any reality , the story which it tells may well come to be regarded as the most significant and outstanding event in American history . '' Howard Ives ' story is historical , a one-of-a-kind taste of an unusual and arresting overview of what might well have occurred to a few individuals during the Life of Jesus . That Ives was a `` man of the cloth '' frames the story in an unique light . I was reminded of the lines from Robert Frost 's , The Road Not Taken
 This is one of my favorite Baha'i books . A touching story of one man 's spiritual search and discovery.Portals to Freedom , is the story of Howard Colby Ives who , in 1911 was a minister in a Unitarian Church in New York . His already fragile belief in God was challenged by his encounter with the new Baha'i teachings until ` Abdu ` l-Bah &aacute; arrived in New York in April 1912 . Colby Ives 's encounters with ` Abdu ` l-Bah &aacute; profoundly altered the course of his life . He became a devoted Bah&aacute; ' &iacute; , and in 1937 , published Portals to Freedom , an intimate memoir of his days in the presence of ` The Master ' .
 This book is a deeply intimate and emotional account of how one man , earnestly seeking truth and meaning his whole adult life , was spiritually reborn after meeting Abdu ` l-Baha . Some of you may be fans of the `` The Power of Now '' by Eckhart Tolle . This book , like Tolle 's , will if you are ready for it , completely and utterly shatter your world view.Now the work is to hold on to this new perspective ! Thankfully we can read the books over again . : o -RRB-
 I have to admit that I am hopelessly intrigued by stories of Abdu ` l-Bah &aacute; ! I loved `` Promulgation of Universal Peace , '' `` Paris Talks , '' `` Abdu ` l-Bah &aacute; in London '' and `` Sweet and Tender Stories '' because of the glimpses they gave me of the life of this extraordinary Exemplar of the Faith . `` Portals to Freedom , '' however , brought me to an even greater appreciation of Abdu ` l-Bah &aacute; 's life and his tour of North American in 1912 because it is a glimpse of Him through the eyes of a Christian Minister . This book gave me a new perspective on my Christian roots and how well they are integrated into the message that has been brought to us by the Manifestation of God for our time . I am so grateful for the suggestion that I read this book - and even more grateful that I decided to accept the suggestion !
 The item was received in a timely manner and my product was received in perfect condition .
 Of all the books I have purchased lately this is one of the few that I read completely in a timely way . I purchased 3 copies , one of which I sent to my sister , one I have to give to someone ?? whenever the spirit moves me . I love to buy from Amazon because the price is usually decent and it saves an old person lots of running around .
 I 've read and reviewed the three previous books in Jay Beale 's Open Source Security Series -- Snort 2.1 , Nessus Network Auditing , and Ethereal Packet Sniffing . I liked all three of those books , and I 'm glad to say that this fourth book -- Nessus , Snort , and Ethereal Power Tools -LRB- NSAEPT -RRB- , is a worthy continuation of Jay 's series . NSAEPT is a unique resource for anyone who wants to extend Nessus , Snort , and Ethereal . The book could save programmers hours of work , and it should be the first step for those looking to contribute to the development of all three projects.It 's unfortunate that an uninformed three star review has been the only commentary on NSAEPT until now . Of course the book is not for beginners ! Why write another introductory book , when the three earlier titles serve that role -LRB- and more -RRB- ? NSAEPT is strong precisely because it starts where the other three books end.I learned quite a bit reading NSAEPT . For example , Part I shared advice on using Nessus to audit hosts directly , by examining Windows registry keys , package databases , or Windows PE files -LRB- . exe , . dll -RRB- directly . I appreciated the discussion of creating NASL checks that were more protocol-aware -LRB- for MySQL -RRB- or that could speak NTLM authentication to IIS Web servers . Ch 6 even gave tips on building NASL generators.Part II , covering Snort , gave better advice on writing Snort rules than what was found in the earlier Snort 2.1 book . I thought this part was the weakest of the three , however . I would have liked to have seen many more examples of using advanced Snort rule options . Table 8.10 should have said that the + flag means `` match on the specified flags , and allow any other flags . '' Also , I thought the author miscommunicated the purpose of the stream4 preprocessor when he mentioned dropping UDP and ICMP traffic . That 's an issue when running inline , not passively as most people use Snort.I really liked Part III , which examined Ethereal . Ch 11 offered great guidance on reverse engineering an unknown trace format , namely iptrace from AIX 3 . Ch 12 mentioned an undocumented tethereal flag -LRB- - G -RRB- that was new to me . I enjoyed learning about tap modules in Ch 13 , and I did not know that Ethereal uses the wiretap library to read traces -- not libpcap.I subtracted one star from my review for a few reasons . First , NSAEPT features some really annoying formatting problems in many of the code listings . Every place the characters `` FI '' -LRB- any case -RRB- appear , they are changed into a single nonsensical character . I stopped counting the number of times this happened . For example , where one should read `` Filename '' , we see instead `` Xlename '' . The same seems to have happened with `` FL '' ; e.g. , `` Flags '' becomes `` Xags '' . The reference to libpcap and `` Chapter 1 '' on p 159 should instead point to Ch 11 . I thought the inclusion of material from Brian Wotring 's Host Integrity Monitoring book as Appendix A was unnecessary . Brian 's book is great , but I do n't think readers need 30 pages from another title . Is that just padding?Format - wise , NSAEPT features smaller fonts than one sees in more recent Syngress books . I thought the font was a little small , but in some ways an improvement over the jumbo text seen elsewhere . I also thought the paper used to print NSAEPT was much better than other titles . Compare NSAEPT with another 440 page Syngress book , Securing IM and P2P Applications for the Enterprise , and you 'll see the latter book is much thicker.Overall I recommend NSAEPT to anyone who wishes to do more with Nessus , Snort , or Ethereal . NSAEPT is definitely a book for power users and developers . It 's great to see a new book that starts with original material and avoids rehashing what 's already been written .
 This is great book on how to set up affiliate programs . It really goes in depth & walks you through in a step by step manner . Whether you are a novice or a pro on the web , this book will definately help you create , manage , and improve your affiliate program .
 Set in the old South in the finishing years of the Civil War , this novel follows members of one family , and in particular Bayard Sartoris , as they struggle and try to prevail under the circumstances where most of the prevailing social and personal relations are constantly challenged and even permanently overturned . The writing is quintessential Faulkner , with all particularities of southern dialect and narrative that tries to stay close to the protagonists ' mental musings . The story is remarkable and intriguing in that the interpersonal relations between different characters aren neither predictable nor straightforward . In particular it eschews facile delineation between various parties in the war , and no individual fits into a stereotypical category . Sometimes the closest friendships are between those who should be the worst of enemies , and at other occasions those whom you regarded to be close confidants that in the end betray you . These are in fact all too familiar circumstances in most of our lives and in all generations . It 's what makes Faulkner 's novels so timeless and valuable to read .
 The illustrations in this book were first to catch my attention . Garden-lovers will feel right at home in these pages . But the story is also beautiful ... about a child who has a goal and finds creative ways to achieve it . We found this book in the public library , but we need one to keep at home !
 This slim book is only 31 pages long ; but do n't let its appearance fool you
 It could be said that an Artist sees where others only look . . That certainly applies to Bev Doolittle and her work.I have deep interests in Nature , Art , Puzzles , Native Peoples , and all aspects of the Outdoors and the combination of all these things . I was `` stopped in my tracks '' the first time I saw the inspiring work of this magnificient Artist.While I have many books on these subjects in my personal library of over 7000 books ; there are none that can compare with the Art of Doolittle in combining all these things in her Paintings.Many times , all at the same time.This short book , of only 32 pages , does an excellent job of showing the greatness of her Art and explaining what she and her Art is all about . It would be easy to pass this book off as something just for young readers ; which it certainly is.However ; that would be to sell it short . This book , just as well introduces her Art to adults , both those who are new to appreciating the wonders of nature and the inspiration conveyed thtough art ; as it is to those who have already acquired a love and appreciation for it all.What you will find in this book is a brief sampling of her art which can be found in her other books ; particularly `` The Art of Bev Doolittle '' and `` Bev Doolittle New Magic '' . The latter , I wrote a Review of on November 5,2003 . Just like in the real world of nature , there is always much more to see and experience when one knows what to look for and how to look for it . Bev 's paintings are likewise , much more than what immediately comes to the viewer . Take the Painting on the cover of this book for instance . . It is titled `` Wolf '' . It is much more than just a paw print in the snow . `` Seeing '' rather than a simple `` look '' or `` glnce '' , results in the head of a wolf appearing ... and a little more study , exposes the complete body of this wonderful creature of nature . Bev 's Art has a lot of `` hidden '' images within it , just as does nature in real life , if one only takes the time to see.Elsie Maclay adds a lot to Bev 's Art by explaining how to go about `` seeing '' that which is often missed and not experienced.If you have ever sat quietly in the woods , and finally noticed that animal , a deer , a snake , an owl , a raccoon , or even an insect , that has been deathly still watching you , come into view ; you 'll appreciate what I mean and begin to understand what Bev 's Art is all about.If Bev 's Art is new to you ; a search of the net under her name will produce excellent examples of her Art .
 This book is a great tool to use to assist in having a different perspective . We tend to only see what we prceive as being there and looking at nature and how she hides our brothers and sisters is amazing . This type of books are needed in schools , in any teaching environment to assist children who are visual to let others know thier strengths and to assist those who depend on auditory and kinestetic to become more visual .
 This is a wonderful read . It makes a great bedtime story and it is also beautiful -LRB- the wood carvings -RRB- and inspiring . This is good for people tired of reading what is wrong with the environment . The Man Who Planted Trees is kind of like a sophisticated Lorax book . Anyway , buy this book and enjoy it !
 This is a very special and inspiring story that demonstrates the impact that one person can have when he or she dedicates him or herself to accomplishing something over time .
 An exquisite short story . A tale for today . More men should do the same the the world would be a better place .
 Jean Jiono 's meandering myth works at so many levels I have no idea where to start . The parable touches on personal dedication , patience , the chance of ecological redemption , and ironies introduced when the loner comes to the authorities ' attention . The pace seems Zen-like , even monastic , as the speaker touches The Man 's life at intervals of years.McCurdy 's woodcuts complement the story perfectly , with gently elegant renderings of some selected moments from it . The images ' black and white simplicity reinforces the simple life of The Man and the understated character of the writing.But , despite the words and images coming across in such a low-key way , I found the story deeply moving . It inspires me , too -- but inspires me to what ? I really could n't say , but I 'm not sure I need to . -- wiredweird
 It is remarkable how one person who belives in himself and in nature can do to improve the world around him . This is a book that should be read by many . It was written many years ago but will always be timeless . It should be in school libraries for young people to read , learn from and do.It begins when a young man is hiking in a barren area that is bleak and desolate . It is so bleak and depressing that few people live here . The young man , badly in need of a drink of water , keeps walking , then meets a man , a sheepherder , who gives him a drink of well water , cold and delicious and invites him to have supper , then stay overnight . The home is well kept up , the food is good , the shepherd dresses neatly and with care . This man is so much different than the rough , coarse mountain people in the area . He takes pride in himself and his surroundings.Elzeard Boulfier is 55 and picks out acorns to be planted and hopes they will grow into large trees.He is improving his environment . He once had a farm away from this area , but since his son , then his wife died , he felt he needed solitude with his sheep and his best friend , his dog.Years pass . The oaks are growing tall , Elzeard has given up sheephearding . The sheep would eat his young trees . He has become a beekeeper and has many hives.The forest grows , the beeskeep is also planting beech trees . Nature becomes helpful , brooks begin running , the wind scatters seed . And Elzeard keeps working.The not so young man any more , much time has passed , has a friend , a forest ranger who tells the his friend , Mr. Bouffier knows more about trees than the forest rangers educated in this work . The whole area has changed due to Eleziard . It is green , forested , planted and good people have moved here.The story is short , only 33 pages , the woodcuts are beautiful . The book is short , but tells so much .
 This is a wonderful and profound little book that you could read in an hour . The edition is also very beautiful as are the woodcut illustrations .
 Great read ! Recommended for those who have the respect and patience to become a part of the story . Gives the reader quite a bit to ponder .
 I read this book with an open heart and lots of love as it just gets me going with the love of trees and all that our hero did to rejuvenate a lost area of land . On first glance this story seems to be of Johnny Appleseed . However , we can use as many stories as needs to be told of the love and necessity of trees .
 This is a delightful allegory , offering hope to change the world by the persistence of one man , working one day at a time , over many years . Written after the ravages of World War I , this story tells the tree planter in all of us that the seeds of one person 's dreams will change the lives of thousands.The wood block prints are an added bonus . I 've given this book to sons , to foresters , and to those who need hope in troubled times .
 I used to live on an acre of land in the suburbs of Boston . My next-door neighbor was a retired college professor , scholar , farmer , New England resourceful - use it till it ca n't be used any more and then use it for something else - kind of guy . He taught me to make garden implements out of scrap wood or unused material and gave me the book The Man Who Planted Trees . He taught me to revere growing things . I planted more than fifty trees on my property.This wonderful tale has been reviewed by professionals so I wo n't attempt it . I can , however , share the memory of my neighbor and state that this book is a pleasure to read .
 So many books pass through our hands , and minds never to be touched again . This is not one of them . Perhaps because Giono based this -LRB- albeit loosely -RRB- on my American hero , Johnny Appleseed , I love even more . It makes a wonderful gift that can be read over and over again . It never gets old . The message that it teaches about the planet , is so important it should be mandatory for all students - and certainly VOTERS . -LRB- And politicians - not that they would care , or even get it . -RRB- I can not praise it too highly - and I 'm a tough grader !
 The book basically is a story about how even a single person can make a big difference in the world . If you want to make the world a better place , you can start with onself . Although the odds may seem overwelming , persistance and patience prevail . It proves that brilliance is necessary to explain complex issues simply.The video is also excellent for children below the reading level . It is a kind of stop animation done with pastells , I really like how the artist makes a beautiful simplistic video explain an issue that could be construed as complex .
 This beloved little book is a simple short story about an elderly tree-planter who , during the early 1900 's , restores a barren countryside -LRB- in the southern part of France -RRB- into a beautiful valley of paradise . His efforts alone -- just out of love for planting trees -- brings back life and energy to the small town of Provence.As author Jean Giono states , the moral message of this story is `` to make people love the tree , or more precisely , to make people love planting trees . '' Norma L. Goodrich 's Afterword is a brief and interesting account of Giono -- a man much respected and admired . Also included in this edition is educational material about forest protection and preservation . Michael McCurdy 's wood engravings are an enriching addition to the book as well ; they are charming illustrations , which depict Giono 's descriptive scenes beautifully!You do n't necessarily have to buy the book to read it , because you can very well finish it while lounging in the bookstore . Also , as one reviewer has previously mentioned , there are free readings of it available online . However , if you intend to give someone a great gift , then I highly recommend buying this book.NOTE
 I first learned about this book through the online publication Heron Dance -LRB- which is wonderful too -RRB- They said it was an inspiration for starting their nature publication so I had to check it out . It really is a great story - shows that one person can indeed make a differece , even as the whole world is buzzing and `` developing '' all around . Its a wonderful book . This is a neat little pocket size version which I liked - I 'm going to get some extra copies for stocking stuffers this year .
 `` Yet trees are not ` trees ' , until so named and seen - and never were so named , till those had been who speech 's involuted breath unfurled , faint echo and dim picture of the world ... '' - J.R.R. Tolkein.In ` The Man Who Planted Trees ' by Jean Giono we are introduced to a mysterious character called Elzeard Bouffier , leading a solitary existence in a desolate part of Southern France . In the arid , forlorn mountains of Provence Bouffier lives like a Biblical character with his small dog and herd of sheep , yet he has an agenda that is far-reaching ; to plant acorns and bring life back to the surrounding desert.With almost realistic flair combined with poetic resonance Jean Giono paints a landscape that undergoes a gradual but beautiful transformation into a modern day garden of Eden . His primary intention in writing this small book was to invite readers into ` loving and planting trees ' for the common good and future generations . This ecologically inspired motive is easily translated as something which can reverse the modern trend in global warming , to replenish the most important assets of our precious earth , and pave the way for a richer and greener future.The text is accompanied by wood engravings by Michael McCurdy ; deep , evocative and earthy illustrations which match the broad significance of the text . Combined they present a complete ` tour de force ' in fictional literature , spanning the gap between what we might imagine to be real and that which is actually occurring beneath our technologically focused minds . Truly inspiration for change , and reminiscent of the ` Lorax ' by Dr. Seuss !
 Read it in 30 minutes . Read it to your children at bedtime . That 's another 30 minutes . The world will be better for both efforts . It 's as simple as that .
 A wonderfully captivating and uplifting story . If you read it to the small children in your life and do n't tell them otherwise they will believe it to be the truth . They may also be inspired -LRB- and you might as well -RRB- because the story is a detailed , rich allegory that tugs at the heart strings . I had read this fable a long time ago . One day the title popped into my head and I just had to acquire the book and read it again . I was n't disappointed . Any time you read this story , your positive outlook will be enhanced .
 A beloved and empowering story by Giono is brought to life by R.J.Lurtsema 's narration and the Paul Winter Consort 's ravishingly beautiful music . Jean Giono 's eco-fable chronicles the enormous contribution that one person can make to the earth . The story 's message of hope is reinforced by the lyrical and rhythmic music of the Paul Winter Consort .
 Excellent story . Truly inspiring to see the difference that one person 's contributions can make . I use this story as a teaching aid to help potential arborists understand the value and the benefits of the trees they are caring for , and to see the impact they can have .
 This remarkable fable is how one isolated individual , with no support from social organizations or even neighbors , can set out to make a transforming difference in the world . Jean Giorno wrote this parable gratis , for the benefit of future generations . Like the saintly character of this tale , Elzeard Bouffier , Giorno 's motive was guided by selfless generosity.Starting with nothing but a handful of acorns , in a barren world devoid of hope , Bouffier produces a forested paradise that becomes a nature preserve four decades later . This story is like poetry in slow motion ; a French version of America 's Johnny Appleseed if you will.This engaging tale is about the powers of regeneration , of leaving a legacy for the generations that follow along after one 's own life . It is a call to be active in renewing the world , whatever endeavors one may be involved with . This is truly a shining example of how selfless engagement can make a tremendous difference , even when and where hopelessness reigns.The wood engravings by Michael McCurdy that serve as illustrations in this little book are stunning in their stark beauty ; they compliment the tightly coiled message in the words very effectively.Most highly recommended for all who care about those coming up behind.ParataxisThe Cloud ReckonerExtracts
 What a book . I read it a few times.This is a masterpiece . I am almost ready to move to my parents place because of that little book . I come from a similar environment .
 This short but inspiring book was recommended to me by a friend as I plant trees . After reading it , I wanted to rush out and plant more !
 A story to clear the head and lift the heart and spirit . A celebration of perserverance , dignity and modesty - what could be finer ?
 This is a simple , heartwarming and thoroughly uplifting story , narrated by Robert J. Lurtsema with incidental music provided by Paul Winter and his Consort . It tells of the overwhelmingly empowering effect that a single human being can have , through sheer dint of commitment.The story , by Jean Giono , is simplicity itself . Over a period of three decades , Elz&eacute;ard Bouffier , a Frenchman finding himself widowed and alone in a barren and desolate region of France , began to transform the area through the simple act of collecting and sorting acorns , and then planting one hundred of the most propitious-appearing acorns each day . It was a task of solitude and almost religious solemnity , taking place totally outside the view of others . Over time , Bouffier transformed the region , making it once again a hospitable place . Many years after the start of Bouffier 's work , people - including foresters - marveled at what they `` had missed , '' totally unaware that this was the life 's work of a single human being.Almost anyone could have narrated this simple tale of regeneration with effectiveness . That the task fell to Robert J. Lurtsema is pleasurable beyond measure to one who made it a habit , when he could , to listen to Lurtsema 's PBS-syndicated program , `` Morning Pro Musica . '' Robert J. was a polyglot in the best sense of the term , able to talk with authority on a wide range of topics . And now , in retrospect , I can not picture anyone else telling this story with equal effect.This Sunday past -LRB- June 18 , 2000 -RRB- , my wife and I were nearing the end of a five-hour car journey , and I played this album for her , since she had yet to hear it . She was transformed by the simple beauty of the tale , and by Robert J. 's incomparable narrative skills . As matters would have it , the timing of this event was eerily perfect yet totally unplanned
 A very short , yet highly inspiring tale , The Man Who Planted Trees shows us just how much positive impact one person can indeed have .
 This book is a useful tool in environmental education . The story follows the transformation of a valley from a devestated wasteland to a productive , healthy forest ecosystem , all because of the dedication and love of one man . Detailed woodcarvings illustrate the text .
 Elzeard Bouffier is an elderly childless widower living in an economically blighted and ecologically barren region of Provence . One would thereby imagine that he must merely be waiting out his days ... but he does more than wait . He quietly , patiently , determinedly transforms the world around him.In brief , this is a book about how we are connected to the natural and human world , about how the effects of our lives extend beyond our lives in virtue of that connection , and about the sustaining power of a quiet consciousness of that connection.It is not false to call the book `` inspirational '' , but it is insipid . This very small book has the power to fundamentally reorder lives and worldviews .
 Jean Giono 's inspiring little book `` The Man Who Planted Trees '' explores the contrast between earth husbandry and war-mongering , succeeding on nearly every level . The true power in the work is in it 's simplicity , mirrored in Michael McCurdy 's wonderfully detailed black-and-white wood engravings which illustrate the work.In a well-written afterword , Norma Goodrich explores Giono 's linkage of literature as a balm for hopelessness with a dream to reforest the earth -LRB- which may sound like a bit of a stretch , and requires a descent to humanistic sappiness , alas -RRB- . This book should appeal to readers of all ages .
 Fast shipping . Book received in same great condition as described on website . All in all , an A + transaction .
 With the first few words my heart was taken . I found myself drawn into the inspirational isolationist world of this humble sheppard . He is one of a kind , a person who needs not any material posetions , or company , except the quiet comfort of his dog , but with out him I expect still he would not be lonely . The man who planted trees , now also available in an award winning video , does not need to have pictures or vast descriptions , its simplicity prooves the passion and beauty the man possesed . One story which must be experienced .
 The Man Who Planted Trees is the tale of Elzeard Bouffier , a man who , after his son and wife die , spends his life reforesting miles of barren land in southern France . Bouffier 's planting of thousands and thousands of trees results in many wondrous things occurring , including water again flowing in brooks that had been dry for many years . The brooks are fed by rains and snows that are conserved by the forest that Bouffier planted . The harsh , barren land is now pleasant and full of life.Written by Jean Giono , this popular story of inspiration and hope was originally published in 1954 in Vogue as `` The Man Who Planted Hope and Grew Happiness . '' The story 's opening paragraph is as follows : `` For a human character to reveal truly exceptional qualities , one must have the good fortune to be able to observe its performance over many years . If this performance is devoid of all egoism , if its guiding motive is unparalleled generosity , if it is absolutely certain that there is no thought of recompense and that , in addition , it has left its visible mark upon the earth , then there can be no mistake . `` The Man Who Planted Trees has left a `` visible mark upon the earth '' having been translated into several languages . In the `` Afterword '' of the Chelsea Green Publishing Company 's edition , Norma L. Goodrich wrote that Giono donated his story . According to Goodrich , `` Giono believed he left his mark on earth when he wrote Elzeard Bouffier 's story because he gave it away for the good of others , heedless of payment
 Jean Giono 's inspiring story of the `` man who planted trees '' reached me some days ago as a birthday gift from my two sons.They thought it an appropriate gift for me probably because I am now engaged in an effort to grow trees in some land which I bought as a barren waste land . I found the book extremely inspiring.The interesting thing is that there indeed are unsung heroes and heroines in many parts of the world who do do such inspiring work without thought of reward.Some months back I read in Indian newspapers about a poor couple in the Karnatak state of India who decided to plant trees to assuage their sorrow in being childless.As they had no land of their own they decided to plant trees on the roadside.And ended up with magnificent avenue trees on miles and miles of the road near their village . There still seems to be hope for mankind !
 In many readers ' lives there are a few books , or maybe only one , which serve as touchstones . They define us like our most vivid memories do . Not many books or stories deserve that kind of devotion , but this one does . It is n't timeless - it 's deeply rooted in 20th century France - but its honest treatment of the time and place is one of the things that makes it universal.There are dozens of facets that could be highlighted in a review , but the one I find most compelling is Giono 's treatment of a man alone and how he is yet connected to the world around him . Even a solitary figure can contribute to the birth and health of a community . It 's not clear why he does his work , but it 's clear that the work is good.There is such hope here , but no easy palliative . It is a call to lifelong diligence in the service of something good , and important , and bigger than ourselves .
 This is a simple , heartwarming and thoroughly uplifting story , narrated by Robert J. Lurtsema with incidental music provided by Paul Winter and his Consort . It tells of the overwhelmingly empowering effect that a single human being can have , through sheer dint of commitment.The story , by Jean Giono , is simplicity itself . Over a period of three decades , Elz&eacute;ard Bouffier , a Frenchman finding himself widowed and alone in a barren and desolate region of France , began to transform the area through the simple act of collecting and sorting acorns , and then planting one hundred of the most propitious-appearing acorns each day . It was a task of solitude and almost religious solemnity , taking place totally outside the view of others . Over time , Bouffier transformed the region , making it once again a hospitable place . Many years after the start of Bouffier 's work , people - including foresters - marveled at what they `` had missed , '' totally unaware that this was the life 's work of a single human being.Almost anyone could have narrated this simple tale of regeneration with effectiveness . That the task fell to Robert J. Lurtsema is pleasurable beyond measure to one who made it a habit , when he could , to listen to Lurtsema 's PBS-syndicated program , `` Morning Pro Musica . '' Robert J. was a polyglot in the best sense of the term , able to talk with authority on a wide range of topics . And now , in retrospect , I can not picture anyone else telling this story with equal effect.Recently , my wife and I were nearing the end of a five-hour car journey , and I played this album for her , since she had yet to hear it . She was transformed by the simple beauty of the tale , and by Robert J. 's incomparable narrative skills . As matters would have it , the timing of this event was eerily perfect yet totally unplanned
 I heard about this book for the first time in 40 years at a dinner in my appartment in Guyana , south america . I had invited Mike , a South African friend , who mentioned this book , indicating that he loved it and that he read it every two months . I just recorded the name of this book in my memory . The next day , I found myself in a restaurant , in Georgetown , when a british friend , talking about some experience in the bush in Brazil , mentioned this same book . Intrigued , having heard about an unknown book two days in a row , I went on Amazon . com and looked for the book.I was then surprised to find out that this was in fact a french book . Being french myself , I knew of Jean Giono but had never read anything from him.This book is fabulous . In the same line as `` Le Petit Prince '' from St. Exupery or `` Jonathan Livingstone , Seagull '' . I have since bought five books of `` The Man who planted trees '' and offered it to friends . I am ordering today another 7 . `` The Man Who Planted Trees '' is exceptional by its simplicity . It talks about life and the importance to make a contribution in our life.I would recommend this book to anyone . In the meantime , I continue to plant trees ...
 This story has inspired me to give selflessly where ever I can back to nature . True naturalism is represented within its pages . As a horticulturalist , I 've over time seen my own young trees that I 've planted throughout the region , grow into large beautiful specimans . I 've also seen the effect a stand of trees can have on a neighborhood . The Man Who Planted Trees , is a lesson in the true meaning of life .
 I was given an audio tape of this haunting story narrated by Paul Lurtsema with background music by Paul Winter . I 'd never heard of the story or author before . I found the combination of words , voice and music deeply moving , and felt it showed me a parable of what I could achieve with my own life . I am a solitary teacher and therapist . Like the man in the story , I experience my work as `` planting seeds '' and usually do n't knowing whether they bloom or not . That may be why this was so meaningful a parable for me . I recommend the audio `` multi-media '' version of this beautiful story to anyone interested in taking their own life serieously , or wanting to suggest that treasure to another person without preaching.My true rating would be ten stars !
 I became acquainted with this compelling and moving story through an animation festival . Although the crowd of college students had been rowdy this film was the last shown and people all left the theater hushed . The story is not only about a man who plants trees , it is about how each of us can make a difference in the world by every small action of love . If we do not attach a need for recognition or money to our endeavors , they feed the spirit and health of the world . I have read this book over & over and seen the animated film 4 or 5 times , and I see and learn something different every time . What do you see ?
 In this parable of Elazard Bouffier , Giono paints a picture of hope . A quiet hope for the future , resting on the solid principles of classical learning , humanism and sound ecological thinking.Reading this book is like a run through the forest , like diving in tall grass and listening to crickets during summer . This slender volume is one of the most magnificant works of literature ever produced .
 I picked this off of a library shelf merely on the merits of the title , and was pleasantly surprised at how readable and fun this book was . The author Fossel has a fine writing style , and swings back and forth from personal anecdotes to technical details within the space of a page . No photo 's , but there are some fine drawings that complement the text . The material is very sound , and occasionally made me think about concepts that I was familiar with in fresh new ways . Good practical information , but also ample amounts of philosophical rumination -LRB- almost all of which I happen to agree with -RRB- . Primarily concerned with retrofitting older houses in the New England area , although the ideas and concepts apply to any cold weather climate.Read this book on a cold night , next to a crackling fire , and have a hot drink at hand .
 This case is one of the most convoluted of the Perry Mason series by Gardner . After I finished it , it was not quite clear to me who exactly did what . It begins with an attractive female -LRB- Stephane -RRB- quitting her job and hitchhiking to another , she is picked up by a man in a tuxedo who offers her a drink and then tries to do more . When she resists , the car is involved in a fatal accident and Stephane is charged with vehicular manslaughter . One of Stephane 's friends asks Perry Mason to take her case and although it is out of his normal mode , he agrees to do so.The case quickly becomes one familiar to Mason as one of the key players is murdered , leading to the involvement of Lieutenant Tragg . The best part of this book is when Mason and Tragg find common cause , even to the point where Mason , Della Street , Tragg and Paul Drake go out to dinner together and Tragg dances with Della . When Mason and Tragg verbally spar , probing each other for information , it is clear that both men do respect each other personally and that respect transcends their natural adversarial roles.The agreement between Tragg and Mason to cooperate is a refreshing aspect of this story , as Gardner so often portrays Mason 's adversaries as self-serving stooges that never seem to learn from their failures and Mason 's successes . In this case , Tragg is depicted as an intelligent and competent officer just trying to do his duty and see justice served .
 The first book in a trilogy , The Kindling is an engrossing read with compelling characters . I immediately felt attached to this `` family '' of children trying to survive in the aftermath of a plague-like `` Fire-Us '' that killed off all the adults and was completely caught up in their struggles and hopes . It 's a story so absorbing it 's tempting to read the book in one sitting . The book , however late it keeps you up , is not only a page-turner , but a richly imagined account of a world that is somehow recognizably ours even as it has been made strange and often menacing . The Kindling plays on the fantasy all children have of being in charge of the world -LRB- there 's something thrilling about the idea of scavenging for food and salvage in the unpeopled strip malls and abandoned houses of post-apocalypse America without adults to supervise or set rules even as such `` hunting '' -LRB- as it 's called in the book -RRB- is a life-and-death necessity for these kids -RRB- , but given the damaged landcape and psychologically scarred inheritors of this world , that fantasy is turned here to something perilous and completely absorbing . That the authors have made this world so strange , familiar , and utterly convincing is a testament to their fine prose and deep powers of imagination . We care about the way their characters must face this world and themselves in order to survive and when they take to the road in search of answers , we go with them , attuned to their every action and nearly breathless for their survival and success . I ca n't wait for part two !
 The Kindling -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Jennifer Armstrong and Nancy Butcher 's First Novel Collaboration , and the First Novel In The `` Fire-Us '' Series.In my predictable Summer Reading List chockful of big-name authors , I saw ` The Kindling ' , a novel I 'd never heard of , so I decided to give it a chance . Like so many novels before it , ` The Kindling ' chronicles the after-affects of the End of the World , may it be by Nuclear War or Plague , and we find the lone survivors banding together to remake Human Civilization . But , the question arises , does ` The Kindling ' offer anything new to the table , or is a rehashed ` End of the World ' novel we 've already read twice before ? Read on to find out!Plot - In 2007 , In Lazarus , Florida , 7 survivors dwell in the aftermath of the ` Fire-Us ' plague . ` Fire-Us ' wiped out all the adults on Earth , and the kids , left alone and neglected , mostly died out without supervision , but a select few banded together and learned to survive without Electricity and everyday appliances . We meet Mother and Teacher , two teenage girls who look after the little children such as Doll , Baby , Teddy Bear . Also , Action Figure and Hunter hunt down food and water for the sole survivors . For five years , the young group of children have survived on their own , leading a predictable life of feasting off of old supermarkets and the land , but their food supply is running low . But , just as their about to start really worring about their supplies , a knock on their door will change everything , and the person behind the door will take them on a journey that will test their strength and their friendship.Writing / Opinion/Etc . - ` The Kindling ' , while following the basic approach to ` End of the World ' novels , has some individuality because it uses children instead of adults , and Armstrong/Butcher 's take on a child 's reaction and interaction with a destroyed world is quite interesting . The writing here is pretty straightforward , with getting the story out being more of interest to the author 's than writing techniques , but that 's fine since this is a book for Young Adult 's anyways . Also , the authors did a great job of fleshing out the characters , and the reader learns to love the characters , and it 's quite addictive to follow them on their quest . My only problem with the novel is that it does n't really pick up until about 100 pages in , and the first few pages do n't seem quite as well-written , but once you get past that , it 's an enthralling read from start to finish , and I 'd be interested in reading the other books since this one leaves you at a rather big climax.Overall , ` The Kindling ' is a solid read for Teens and Children -LRB- Over 8 -RRB- , and it 's one of those popcorn novels , that reads like a movie , and ends with you on the edge of your seat . I 'm encouraged to read the other novels in the ` Fire-Us ' series , because the climax you 're left at almost forces the reader to!RECOMMENDED TO YOUNG ADULTS , CHILDREN , FANS OF ` END OF THE WORLD ' NOVELS , AND ADVENTURE NOVELS . BE SURE TO CHECK OUT THE OTHER NOVELS IN THE ` FIRE-US ' SERIES IF YOU LIKED ` THE KINDLING ' ! Also Recommended-Keepers Of The Flame - Jennifer Armstrong , Nancy ButcherThe Stand - Stephen KingThe Andromeda Strain - Michael ChrichtonThanks For Reading !
 It is the year 2007 . Five years ago , a catastrophic virus wiped out most of the population , leaving the survivors-seven young children-to band together and find a way to survive in this new and terrifying world without adults . Their pasts are a distant blur , their present
 This book was amazing The way the author made it sad and very exciting . The book made me want to read even more . But why were the adults the only ones to die instead of the kids . The book could 've been better and more sad and exciting .
 I loved this book so much ! I love reading science fiction books . The only thing that bothered me was their names , but after reading it I got used to it and started to really enjoy the series . You should try to read it !
 This is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world . Every single adult on the planet died . THere are a couple of kids living in a house alone . So begins the Fire-Us trilogy , fascinating , scary , and intriguing.The story is really interesting - I mean slap in your face , give-me-more , I LOVE THIS intersting . A couple of the images were really disturbing , though , like the fact that Hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket . The kids in the story are fascinating , and the Teacher 's scarpbook-thing was so ... wierd that it was actually kind of scary.Then Angerman is introduced . He 's really messed up , but I get the idea that he knows something about the virus -LRB- Fire-us -RRB- that the others do n't . This makes him an amazing character , and even if you do n't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy.I really love this series , though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers . Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse , as I was at the time.P.S . I read this book five months ago and I still remember all of the characters and their names and quirks . Talk about powerful writing !
 These books were required reading in my 7th grade Reading class , and I remember them quite fondly . I was hooked from the first novel , and traveled on the journey to the climatic end . These books are unlike anything you 'll find anywhere else , I guarantee that . Nor will you easily forget them either . The characters are lovable , weird , distasteful , kind , and overall unique . The plot is unpredictable and different , which makes it a particularly refreshing read amongst the has-beens and copycat authors of today . Highly recommended for middle school and up , though to fully appreciate it you 'll probably need to be a high school level reader . Very well-written and memorable .
 I read the three books in this trilogy last year during 10th grade . I love them all . My favorite character is Anchorman .
 As an adult who loves children 's fantasy and survival novels , this was a real page-turner . It sounds morbid to say I ` enjoyed ' the book , but I do n't think that was the author 's intent . I felt a gloom and sense of foreboding dread the entire time . It 's gritty , real , and very immersing , even heartbreaking at times to consider the story of these kids and how they would grow and develop without adults in the world . It was reminiscent of Lord of the Flies and Red Dawn , with a little bit of Stephen King 's ` The Stand ' thrown in for good measure , but it was n't derivative of any of these.I must also say that the style of writing was very different and engaging - these two authors have a great voice , style , and the prose flows right along - impressive without being obtrusive . I 'm very excited about reading the rest of the series .
 In the first year of Fire-Us , there was a disease that started and was said to have killed all of the grown ups on the planet . Now for the last five years Mommy , Teacher , Hunter , Action Figure , Baby , and Teddy Bear have been living together in the cold dark town . The reason they are called these odd names is because they do n't remember their names from being enclosed for so long . When a man named Angerman comes to their town , they think he 's an alien and do n't trust him too much . Angerman is going to be going onto his trip to Washington DC and bring them with him to find a man called President to speak to him about rescue efforts . But the only thing is , Mommy has n't left the house in five years . Will she leave the house ? Will they finally reach Washington If you want to find out these questions , you must read this fantastic book.I thought that this book started out boring like how mommy has n't left the house for five years and how all of the characters are surviving . As the book progresses , it gets more into focus and gets more exiting . I liked the part when they caught the wild children that thought they were a dog and a cat.I think that the emotional people would like this book the most because of all the people that died ; it 's just a really sad book . For the most part , it is a very adventurous book that I advise everyone to read . If you have read this book already , I would read the second book .
 First of all , bits of this book might be a bit too disturbing for younger children . The themes are powerful and alarming . At first I thought it was a book written by creepy religious fanatics or something.Boy was I wrong.I got stuck into the story of these children with their allegorical names . It 's filled with powerful scenes . Angerman has got to be the best catalyst character ever who takes these children that would have soon died from starvation on an unforgetable dangerous journey to discover why all of this happened.He is disturbing and powerful and my favourite character in the whole series.I also loved the way the writers used language , the puns they used , terms and phrases tranformed by the characters young minds.It 's a brilliant and chilling first book in these series .
 This book is about life . Not just regular life but life without electricity nor parents . This magnificant story is about a couple of kids that survived after 5 years , with no parents and not much resources . There are many great cliffhangers so you dont want to stop reading . At the end -LRB- which i am not telling you -RRB- is very sudden and breathtaking and really makes you read the other two books !
 I think you should really read this book it was on e the best survival books i have ever read . `` It is the year 2007 five years after a great plague swept the Earth '' . only a couple kids and adults survived seperated they strugle to survive they live in small groups scavenging for food and other needful things . but when a town runs out of food a group of kids mave to where ever they can find it .
 I finished the Kindling last night , and loved it soooo much . The cliffhanger really made me want to read more . This is a really great book to read anytime , for anything . I suggest that anyone who wants a good book should read the Kindling .
 The premise behind the FIRE-US trilogy is not new , disease has killed most of the human population in the world . Reminiscent of EARTH ABIDS or the STAND in the general context , FIRE-US looks at the survival of a group of children left on their own when all the grown-ups died . This is not a novel giving the nuts and bolts of their survival but more a story of how their group is changing given that the oldest members are now facing that radical change of puberty.The story gives an exciting and surprisingly believable account of what children might do if left to themselves , given of course they still have all the stores to raid to keep alive . These children , Hunter , Mommy , Teacher , their names prior to the Fire-Us -LRB- virus -RRB- having been lost and their identities fully enmeshed with their new roles in life , are the older ones taking care of a number of younger children . They have lived these roles for five years but now forced by the failure of their food supply and the addition of three newcomers to leave their home and find the President of the United States , the grown-up who will save them.The book , alright books if you insist , are fast paced action filled stories that should capture the attention and the imagination of young readers . Be warned though there are parts that are not for the squeamish . There are inferences to what can only be called the rape of adolescent girls and infanticide . Additionally it deals with the coming of age in the older children , their fears and tentative explorations . Nothing brutal or explicit , but there none the less.In all a well done story , and while I ca n't say their a MUST read I can say I do RECOMMEND them for our young adult readers .
 Film and television actor Jed Allan is best known for the roles that he has played on day-time soap operas such as `` Days of Our Lives '' , `` Santa Barbara '' , `` Port Charles '' , and `` General Hospital '' -LRB- where he currently plays Edward Quartermaine -RRB- . Please , Spell The Name Right is a simply fascinating personal memoir by a veteran of the entertainment industry and a consummate actor who is much more than just another popular leading man in daytime TV . Readers will learn of his roles on programs ranging from Lassie , Walker
 I concur with my fellow reviewers that say this book is a delight . As a Days fan , I -- like many -- first noticed Jed 's work as Don Craig and I 've followed him through the years to Port Charles and on GH today . I never knew of his earlier work in the theater and about his family life . I found his attention to detail captivating ! One of the more interesting points was that he starred opposite Frances Reid -LRB- as Hecuba nonetheless ! -RRB- in his early days . Thank you Jed for sharing this with us !
 Jed Allan 's autobiography gives the reader a detailed insight into the trials and tribulations of a successful actor . He holds no punches when talking about the wonderful and not-so-wonderful people whose paths he has crossed throughout his acting career . It is well-written and very personal , a joy from opening page to its epilogue . A must-read for anyone who has watched daytime TV in the 80 's and 90 's .
 I absolutely loved this book ! If you are thinking of breaking into acting , or already trying , or even already on the way up , this is a book for you . Jed 's insight and honesty about the ups and downs of the entertainment business are invaluable . It 's like a primer for showbiz . I 'm an actress still living check to check and I was completely inspired by Jed 's tales of triumph and failure and triumph again . PLUS , he talks so much about a Hollywood and New York I 'll never get to know because times have changed so much since he first stepped onto the boards . Not only does he write with a straightforward charm , his anecdotes are funny , heartwrenching and surprisingly honest as he paints a tale of good choices leading to bad choices leading to the wisdom to know the difference.AND , even if you 're not an actor or interested in the entertainment business , woven between the stories of his career is a bold and embracing love story between he and his rock-steady wife , Toby.This is an easy , fun and inspiring read for everyone .
 I think the other reviewers missed something here . Agreed , it is a wonderful and inspirational tale of a lifetime workaday actor , etc. . I 've been familiar with and a fan of his work as far back as his time on `` Days ... '' and `` Celebrity Bowling . '' HOWEVER , a constant source of annoyment throught the book is the misspelling of celebrities ' names -LRB- Bobby `` Lane '' and Leslie `` Nielson '' are the first to come to mind ; I assure you , there are at least a half-dozen others -RRB- . I love Jed Allan ; I went so far as to order the book when my book chain did n't carry it . Reading over the misspellings is a serious distraction and unfortunately managed to take away from my enjoyment of the book . It made me wonder if `` Please Spell the Name Right '' intentionally spelled the names wrong .
 An extremely enjoyable read on the subject of showbusiness as told through the personal journey of the author 's own real lifecareer in motion pictures and tv .
 I really loved this book . He goes into details about his starting out in theater and the many celebrities he worked with over the years . He talked about his wife Toby , their three sons and their many challenges . Personally , I fell in love with him playing Don Craig , the lawyer that was married to Marlena , a psychiatrist . -LRB- Deidre Hall -RRB- . we Days fans thought he was written off the show by leaving his house to mail a letter . As it turns out , he told Days he was leaving in a month . They did n't believe him . Then he told them he was leaving in a week and this was the way he was written out . he was on the back burner , no storyline , so he left after about11 years on the show . No respect for a veteran actor that alot of fans loved . Jed is a charming compassionate person and for those that liked him , this is a book that you wo n't want to put down once you start reading . It is that good .
 Having enjoyed Jed Allan 's work in `` Days of Our Lives '' for many moons , I was eager to read his autobiography . He did n't let me down . His book is a great read , full of interesting and fun memories , but I hope its second edition will be better edited . In spite of the typos , though , I really enjoyed the book .
 PLEASE SPELL THE NAME RIGHT is an entertaining and informative book about the real life struggles of a working actor . JED ALLAN is humorous and delightful in his stories . I 'm very impressed that although he talks about bad experiences with other actors , he never names , NAMES -LRB- Class ! -RRB- A good book for someone who is a fan of JED ALLAN . I do wish he would have provided more pics though -LRB- there are a few -RRB- . But all in all a very good read !
 This book was the perfect bio-short , sweet and fun to read . Buy this book . Have fun and learn the life of one of our favorite charactor faces .
 So many books of English diplomatist Harold Nicolson are still in print . Books about him and his family continue to pour out . It is a pity , therefore , that PEACEMAKING 1919 is not still readily available to readers . -- In November 1918 at the time of the armistice , Nicolson was a passionate Wilsonian . Within four months , at the Paris peace conference , he was thoroughly disillusioned . Wilson had too quickly made territorial concessions to Italy , contrary to the principles of the very Fourteen Points which had made a Wilsonian of Harold Nicolson . And the American idol would fall farther and faster thereafter . -- Woodrow Wilson rendered more and ever more to Caesar while asserting that he was doing the work of God and the American people . Nor was Wilson the only sanctimonious hypocrite among the leaders of the Allied and Associated Powers at Paris . -- Nicolson 's diaries and reflections convey , as he intends to convey , the sense that the peace made at Paris to end World War I was the product of poor planning , disorganized diplomacy , growing fatigue and a very large disconnect between experts and decision-makers . -- PEACEMAKING 1919 was written as a manual for young British diplomatists who would face future peace conferences . If they heeded Nicolson , they would then be in a position to avoid the disaster known as the Treaty of Versailles . For peace should not be made , as it was in Paris in 1919 , in an atmosphere of a `` riot in a parrot house . '' - OOO -
 gus is on his normal route when he spell ' t a woderful smell and could n't resit ! he snuck into the house . then the owner -LRB- who was REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLY mad ! -RRB- whent to were gus lived because after his visit her -LRB- the owner -RRB- ring was missing . gus has a great idea . but if it dose n't work ... gus could be sent to the pound
 Great little overview of this amazing missionary 's life . It is a very slim vloume at only 128 pages and can be read in an evening . I wept several times while reading it and recommend this book to all . It is a great example of the transformation Christ works in a man . It is a great portrait of a heart that is in fire for Christ and His gospel . It is an excellent introduction to missions and what a missionary must be like . The suffering this man went through will bewilder the mind as the uncompromising passion and dedication to seeing Christ proclaimed challenges the depths of your soul to live every moment as if everything depended on it . Ca n't say enough about the work God did in this man . This should be required reading for all Christians . As a note , I do plan on getting To the Golden Shore as it goes much more in depth into the life of Judson than this short but inspiring read .
 Ransom continues the Highland clans tale of the Maitlands and the connected clans . This is the story of Brodick and Ramsey but leans less toward bodice-ripping romance and more toward the interaction of the characters and the developing relationship between Brodick and his soon-to-be bride . The ` escapism ' part for me by far are the heroics of the Highlanders and the undying loyalty toward the English woman who protects a small child . You will love this book and you may laugh outloud when you read it . This is the best Garwood and the best of this series . She turns what could be ` trash ' romance into a real story that you become involved in , with a plot that you may indeed know the outcome of ahead of time , but you will love getting there ! It 's a great read ! If you enjoyed Kathleen Woodiwiss when you were younger or Jude Devereaux , pick up Garwood . She 's fabulous !
 Julie Garwood is one of my all time FAVORITE authors EVER . Her books are always hilarious with witty characters and plots to die for . This book captures a reader and brings them into a totally new world of courage , love , and betrayal . One minute there will be a page that will have you laughing so hard there are tears running down your face , and the next , you will be crying with tears running down your face because of some evil deed . Gillian is an amazing person to carry around the secret , and knowledge that she has for her whole life , in addition to whitnessing the massacre of her family . Brodick is the perfect guy for Gillian because he is too stubborn to let her do anything that might hurt her , and he is caring to a fault . All in all , this book was my first Julie Garwood book and i love it because , I 've been fascinated with 13th-century England and Scotland ever since . It deserves MORE than five stars , and is a must read for anyone interested in old England and Scotland .
 Ransom is a beautiful , epic story about a young English woman 's quest to save her uncle , and at the same time three Scottish Laird 's journey to take revenge on an evil Baron who has threatened them all . Ransom is also about the developing relationships between Gillian and Brodick Buchanan and Brigid and Ramsey Sinclair.Some reviewers have mentioned that they felt Ramsey and Brigid deserved more time or that they should have had a separate book . They have also commented that Brodick and Gillian were not so interesting . I do n't normally comment on other reviews - we all have a right to our opinions after all ! - but in this case I just had to respond , as I could n't disagree more.Gillian and Brodick are a wonderful couple ; Gillian is clever and smart as well as beautiful and brave , and Brodick is confident , protective , sexy and brave too . What I loved was that he always had respect for Gillian 's abilities unlike many alpha heroes , even when Gillian doubted herself he always reassured her . He even defended her skills to other people rather than belittling her or treating her badly as heroes in other historicals are prone to do with alarming regularity.Gillian and Brodick in my opinion deserve the extra time - although Brigid and Ramsey were great too - because they were much less conventional than the other couple , which made their story even more engrossing . Their dialogue was electric and it was clear to me that they belonged together - no one else would have been quite right for them.Overall Ransom was fantastic and included all the elements I love in a romantic novel . I would caution readers that Brodick and Gillian do n't meet up right away , I think it 's a hundred pages in , but as the book is 450 pages + this does n't matter as the two are together almost continuously after that point so there is plenty of time for their relationship to develop . Read this if you like Scottish Laird meets English Lady stories that are charming , funny and above all romantic . I have a feeling this novel is just what you 're looking for.JoAnne
 This book was amazing . I think its better than the original book The Secret . It has the same flair for humor that J.G. always immerses in her novels . It will make you laugh -LRB- sometimes out loud -RRB- , cry , scowl , and fall in love with all the characters . This one goes right up there with Saving Grace !
 I will never foget this book , mainly because it was the first romance novel I ever read . JULIE GARWOOD IS AN AMAZING WRITER . This book was full of intrigue , heartwarming romance , suspense , adventure , and danger from the beginning to the end . Gillian is sweet , strong and very brave . Broddick is Macho , sexy , sexy sexy !!! did I say sexy ! ^ ^ courageous , and sweet -LRB- when he is around Gillian -RRB- . They make a PERFECT ! couple . THE OTHER TWO CHARACTERS
 This is the second book to a series , the first is The Secret.This book will not disappoint any fan.I am so glad that she wrote a story on Brodick Buchanan , as I loved his character in The Secret . Although it would have been nice if Ramsey Sinclair had his own book .
 This was the first Julie Garwood book I read and was n't aware of her literary capabilities ! She really draws you into the lives of her characters and makes you feel all their emotions , especially their rapture when love finds them . I have since purchased all the `` kilt klassics '' as I describe them and should tell everyone that it would have helped to know that I should have read The Secret first -- just for history . Julie Garwood 's characters are intriguing and full of details that she carries throughout and that has made her books wonderful choices since I can re-read them and never tire of all the details . Julie
 The story starts out slow , but soon it gets real exciting . I loved it when Gillian and Brodrick first meet . I like the way Ms. Garwood made Gillian look real beautiful and the how the Buchanan Clan protected Gillian from other men that just stared at her . I especially liked Brodick being so possessive and protective of Gillian . I loved the way Brodick tricks Gillian into matrimony and how the priest kept on saying `` A man of the cloth '' after he finds out he had been tricked as well in getting them married . It was just so hilarious . Brodick 's character seemed so rough and mean , but he was still afraid of telling Gillian he tricked her into marriage . It made Brodick really look like a real gentle hero . I thought that it would have been better if Ms. Garwood had another story on Ramsey instead of putting it in the same book because Ramsey looked like a interesting character . But the story was still great with two heros . I just loved the way Ramsey found out he was the studpid guy Bridgette had lost her heart to and the way he told Bridgette that he loved her , too . It was by far the best book of Julie Garwood 's I read so far . I just loved it !
 This was my very first Julie Garwood book . But wo n't be the last . I really loved the story and characters , I 've finished it in just 2 days ! I 've learned that some of the characters are also in `` The Secret '' , so of course I got that one too . `` Ransom '' has everything - suspense , adventure , and romance . This book is one of the best that I ever read ! And Julie Garwood is the first-rate romance author !!
 I love Julie Garwood . She makes the characters come alive and makes the reader actually care about what happens . RANSOM kept me engrossed for the frist two hundred pages . I could n't put it down . The middle of the book seemed a little slow . I would have liked a way of Gillian telling Alec good-bye , after all they did go through a lot with each other . Also Iain and Judith should have said something to her as she left with Brodick . All in all I thought the book was very good , Maybe not as good as THE BRIDE , but I still plan on reading it again and again . Lets hope for more adventures in the Highlands .
 I enjoyed this book a great deal . I loved the characters , the plot , and the dialogue . I would have loved to see more of Ramsey 's story developed because they were just as interesting as the main couple . The story moved along without a dull moment , and it was not predictable . When I finished it , I was still wanting more . That is how I know it is a good book . I would definitely recommend .
 This one of Garwood 's best historical romances . The plot is well bound and the events keep you on the edge from beginning to end . A must read , and a novel that will get you more attached to get everything that Julie writes . Great work this time .
 This was my favorite Garwood book so far ... I actually laughed during parts of it and truly enjoyed the story which I 'd describe as a rollicking lusty Highlands adventure ! The characters were well-developed . Since I 'd already read The Secret , which was a book that preceded this tale , I loved reading a bit involving characters from that tale also ...
 I absolutely lovedThe Secret , the previous book in the series to Ransom , and did n't think it was possible that the follow up could be better . Garwood did it though ! This book was absolutely spectacular . I was so worried that I might not love Brodick as much as I did in the previous one since so much changes when a character goes from a minor one to the hero of a story . Yet Brodick retained everything I loved about him inThe Secret . I love how much fun he is to irritate and I really enjoyed seeing his loving/caring sides . He might just be my new favorite highlander , I would definitely let him whisk me away.I nearly put the book down to read at a later time because the beginning was so dense and confusing . It was a lot longer thanThe Secret 's introduction and I honestly thought I might have been reading the incorrect book . I can not put into words how thankful I am that I kept reading though . Once I made it through the ` prologue ' - eque scenes and Ramsey 's scenes , the book really picked up and was intensely enjoyable . I actually came to like the beginning once I understood everything that was going on , I do n't think it was the best way to start the book but I ca n't think of how else it could have been told.I loved how similar this book was toThe Secret . It has the same humorous , witty tone , which I absolutely love in historical romances since it 's so rare . I loved the wedding scene in the previous book , it blew me away with how unique and funny it was . Ransom had nearly the exact same wedding yet the whole scene remained fresh and hilarious . Garwood is definitely a talented writer to take something she 's done before and make it so interesting and enjoyable that the reader does n't care.I 'm all about the characters for this book . I was especially excited by all of the returning characters , mainly Iain , Judith , Catherine Frances and Patrick . Judith was a little ... blah but Iain was just as lovable as a minor character . It was interesting seeing the interactions with him from Brodick 's POV . Brodick was the highlight of this story for me . I fangirled all over him in the last book so seeing him as a main character was amazing for me . I would definitely swoon had I been the heroine whenever he was around . I love how fierce , protective and possessive he is yet sweet -LRB- secretly -RRB- . I 'm so glad that he got a heroine that I felt was worthy of him , that was another concern for me after reading the beginning of the book . I was so worried that Gillian would be annoying and pathetic so I 'd feel bad for Brodick the whole book . I fell in love with Gillian too though . It 's hard not to after witnessing how caring and brave she was with Iain 's son -LRB- another character I fell madly in love with . -RRB- I usually hate ` future ' stories featuring the characters ' children but I would be all over a book with him as the hero.The side hero and heroine , Bridgit and Ramsey , were cheated . I loved reading about Bridgit while see was adventuring and causing trouble with Gillian . Her love for Ramsey was heartfelt and believable despite how quickly it was forced to develop -LRB- pagewise -RRB- . I liked Ramsey and enjoyed how put off he was by his horde of women followers . His side of the relationship with Bridigt was forced and happened in a matter of paragraphs which drove me crazy . If they 'd had a whole book , or even a short story , I think Garwood could have done wonderful things with them . Shoved in to Brodick and Gillian 's story just was n't fair to their romance .
 `` You know what ? '' was one of my favorite lines in this wonderful book . And , I loved Alec , the adorable young boy who kept asking that question.This is my first book by Julie Garwood , but it wo n't be my last . Ransom has everything I look for in a good book -- engaging read , well-written , vivid and descriptive details , believable story and importantly likable characters -- especially the hero Brodrick and heroine Gillian . Their personalities were consistent throughout the book -LRB- not extreme changes in behavior , as I sometimes notice in other characters -RRB- , which made for a good read . The dialogue between them was good and made their developing romantic relationship believable . And there was definitely great chemistry between Brodrick and Gillian.Nor , was the story predictable -- of course , we hope for a happy ending , but it 's how one gets to the ending that makes the read worthwhile . And Garwood weaves an entertaining tale , filled with interesting characters that keeps the reader engaged until the very end . I personally would have liked a different ending , one that included a reunion with little Alec , since he was so central to the story , and a bit of Gillian in the Buchanan environment . An epilogue would have been sufficient . Regardless , it was an excellent book and one I would highly recommend.Kindle alert
 I loved reading about Ian and Judith again . One wish would be that it was a wee bit longer . Ahhh , Mz.Garwood please go back to historical romance !!!!
 This is one of those romance novels that make you want more . Not only is the sex great - as it should be - but the story is actually interesting and keeps you guessing . I read this when I was younger then found it at my library recently , read it again , and bought it here . I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical novels , romance novels , or anything in between .
 When I picked this up from the grocery store shelf , and even when I read the back and bought the book , I had no idea that I was about to read my first romance novel . By the time I figured it out , after an tense and action-packed prologue about a family fleeing their home in the night and a few chapters where the heroine bravely protects a child and takes a journey to the Scottish highlands -LRB- with , of course , a strong and handsome laird keeping her company -RRB- , I did n't mind at all and kept reading . In fact , I kept reading all night until I was finished and had about an hour left to sleep.I loved the characters , was amused by the situations they found themselves in , enjoyed the highland setting , was intrigued by the mystery , and thought it a really good book -LRB- although a re-read years later made me much more aware of some of the flaws , most noticeably the sometimes unnatural dialogue and behavior of the heroine , and of the unrealistic-ness of the story as a whole -- but I enjoyed it only a little less than I had -RRB- . I did n't like the romance parts , but apart from those I really kind of loved it.After reading this , I read a few other books by Julie Garwood , some of which I liked a lot , includingThe Secret , the story of which came before Ransom , a couple of which I did n't , but none ever approached the level of Ransom for me . Maybe I 'll read the rest of her books someday , but for now I prefer my books to be good historical fiction with elements of romance , rather than the other way around .
 That is what Ransom , The Bride , The Secret , Honors Splendor and most Garwood books are for me . If I 've had a bad day or the cramps or just down , I usually pick up Ransom -LRB- it is my favorite -RRB- and it just makes me feel better . I know the story is wonderful and it makes me laugh in some parts , other parts make me want to put it down and find my husband ;-RRB- , she makes you feel what the characters do . Other parts make me upset , but I 'm upset at the right people , the villians . I have read this book so many times I 've lost count , it is n't just picked up when I do n't feel good . For those times when a new story just does n't appeal because you do n't know if you will love it or hate it , that is when I pick up a Garwood since I love most all of them . I do n't usually write reviews , only one other and it was because the story ambushed me with so many things that I was n't expecting it seemed neccesary to warn others . But after reading the 1 and 2 star reviews for this book , they just seemed unfair . This book is n't some dark , twisted , have trouble following the plot line story . If you want that , read Kushiel 's Dart , I skimmed through that one and still felt my time was wasted . Ransom is a book that makes you feel good and inspires your romantic side .
 I ca n't imagine Julie Garwood writing a book that was n't great . I have read 7 or 8 of her books , and have not been at all disappointed in them . I read them in 1 or 2 days , because I ca n't wait to find out what happens . Ransom , as well as The Prize , The Secret , The Wedding , The Bride , so on and so on , are very enthralling . Remember , these are romance novels , so if it 's not what your into , do n't leave bad ratings for those who love these kind of books . If you love romance , you 'll love these .
 I found this to be a very enjoyable book to read . If you want to read a book that goes straight to your heart , read Stolen Moments by Barbara Jeanne Fisher ... It is a beautiful story of unrequited love ... for certain the love story of the nineties . I intended to give the book a quick read , but I got so caught up in the story that I could n't put the book down . From the very beginning , I was fully caught up in the heart-wrenching account of Julie Hunter 's battle with lupus and her growing love for Don Lipton . This love , in the face of Julie 's impending death , makes for a story that covers the range of human emotions . The touches of humor are great , too , they add some nice contrast and lighten things a bit when emotions are running high . I 've never read a book more deserving of being published . It has rare depth . Julie 's story will remind your readers that life and love are precious and not to be taken for granted . It has had an impact on me , and for that I 'm grateful . Stolen Moments is written with so much sensitivity that it made me want to cry . It is a spellbinder . What terrific writing . Barbara does have an exceptional gift ! This book was edited by Lupus specialist Dr. Matt Morrow too , and has the latest information on that disease . . . A perfect gift for someone who started college late in life , fell in love too late in life , is living with any illness , or trying to understand a loved one who is ... A gift to be cherished forever .
 Once I read the first Julie Garwood historical Scottish romance , there was no turning back , and I 've read all of them , my favorites being `` Ransom '' and `` The Prize '' . I loved this book so much that I recently read it again . I was fascinated by the dialog between Gillian and Alec and how Garwood captured the spirit and liveliness of Alec . He literally jumped off the page . Garwood must have had a wonderful early life because she writes her characters so clearly . There 's always a tangible emotional thread woven between her characters , which is why I think her books are so popular . The story simply evolved from there and opened into a wonderful adventure of love and relationships and the age old Scottish feuds . I loved Brodick and his strength and Gillian for her spirit and stubbornness . I thoroughly enjoyed the Maitlands and would have liked to have read more about them and well as more about Ramsey and Brigid . Too bad there was n't a sequel to this story . Engrossing , five star reading .
 Wow ! This was a great book ! I LOVED it !!! This is another book that makes you sooooo sad it is over !! This is my 3rd Julie Garwood book and my favorite thus far ! I just happened to read THE SECRET before this one and had no idea that it takes off years later with some of the same characters ! I loved that ! Maybe that made it easier to understand the background of the book a little more knowing something about a few of the characters beforehand . You will find this one hard to put down ! Do n't let the 500 + pages scare you , it will seem like nothing once you get reading ! I thought I 'd never find another book to compare with Judith McNaught 's - but this one of Julie Garwoods is right up there !! You will be glad you read this one !
 Gillian was just a small child when she saw her father murdered by the vicious Baron Alford . Claimed as Baron Alford 's ward , Gillian was fortunate enough to be raised by her beloved Uncle Morgan , but Baron Alford soon called her back to his castle . For the Baron needed to produce Arianna 's Box , a bejeweled golden box commissioned by King John , or King John would kill him . King John had never forgiven Gillian 's father for murdering his great love , his beautiful Arianna , but he was convinced that Gillian would know where the box was hidden . Unfortunately , Gillian had no idea , but she knew that they would carry through their threat of torturing and killing her Uncle Morgan if she did n't find the box . She also knew that they would kill the young child , Alec , the son of a Highland chieftain , as soon as they discovered that they had kidnapped the wrong child . Left with no choice , Gillian took Alec and fled for the Highlands to find her long-lost older sister and to return Alec to his home and parents.Gillian knew that she needed help to find her sister and she knew that she would need a strong champion to help her save her Uncle Morgan . When Alec waxed eloquent about his protector , Brodick Buchanan , Gillian knew that she had found her champion . By pretending to be Brodick 's bride , Gillian ensured that Brodick would find her quickly and she could see his skills with her own eyes . When Gillian first spotted Brodick , she knew she was in trouble . The man was so stubborn and exasperating , but she found herself falling in love with him regardless . Brodick knew that Gillian was English , which was a pretty big flaw , but he had never seen anyone so lovely and she did n't seem to be afraid of him , which was a first . As he escorted Gillian and Alec to Iain 's land to return the lad and then took Gillian to Ramsey Sinclair 's land to find her sister , he found himself falling in love with her . However , just because he loved her and married her did n't mean that Gillian would obey him ... Many of Ransom 's characters come from Garwood 's book , The Secret , which introduced Laird Iain and his bride . Brodrick and Ramsey were Iain 's commanders at the time and I thoroughly enjoyed seeing them again in this book as they sought out their own happiness . I thought that the romance between Brigid KirkConnell and Ramsey Sinclair was too rushed and would have liked to have seen them have a book of their own , but their plot was integral to Brodick and Gillian 's story so I understand why it was a subplot instead of a full story . However , I still would have liked a separate story as Ramsey was such a handsome devil that he deserved a woman who would give him a bit of trouble ! Other than that complaint , I would have to say that the story is thoroughly enjoyable and fast paced . I appreciate Garwood 's efforts to actually create a story with memorable characters and historical background and detailing , rather than a shallow book with small links between sex scenes . I liked the characters and thought that it was a fun , fast read . If you enjoy historical romances , especially those set in the Scottish highlands , then do n't miss Garwood 's excellent romances based there !
 The only reason I did n't give Ransom 5 stars is because of the over-shadowing of Ramsey 's and Bridgid 's story . Their 's could have easily been made into a book of their own . This was my one and only complaint , but I guess it 's a pretty big one . Brodick and Gillian 's story was wonderful to read , but Ramsey and Bridgid 's was what I remembered most and what made me go searching for this book again . They were incredibly adorable and sweet , and I loved reading the few interactions they had . I only hope that Ms. Garwood will decide to write another sequel featuring Ramsey and Bridgid . Their 's is a story I would truly enjoy reading .
 This book reminded me why I love Julie Garwood novels . Though I enjoyed Garwood 's foray into the American West , Ransom brought back together all the qualities I read Julie Garwood romances for that were maybe absent in the Rose books . The heroine of Ransom was classic Garwood -LRB- Gillian reminded me of Joanna and Madelyne -RRB- and comedy was back in full force . Read this book and you will immediately want to start rereading your collection .
 This was the first book by Garwood that I have ever read . She has the most intriguing way of ending almost every chapter with one liners that compels the reader to read on . In chapter 24 she carries the reader on an emotional climax only to have it come racing back to reality with one devastating line.I will definitely have to read more of her works , and would highly recommend her .
 I have been a fan of Julie Garwood since I read The Prize and found her work to be excellent ... and this book is no exception . You are able to identify with her characters and to immerse yourself in the plot . I love the way she ties in characters from her other books to make a whole picture that is interesting to read . I thought the character of Gillian was admirable in both her courage and her sense of honor . Congrats to Ms. Garwood on another great book !
 I have loved Garwood books since I stared to read them . Ransom is one of her best . I waited for it , and could n't put it down till it was finished . It made my heart race with the passion . I felt like I was right there in the book , I ca n't wait till a new one comes out and hopefully ones that are contiued of others .
 I really enjoyed this novel.It was my third Garwood read , The Bride being the first . I have to admit that the first chapter was pretty confusing and I almost gave up trying to understand the story line . However , once it became clear as to what was going on I was hooked , and it was oh so hard to put down . It had a complex but thoroughly enjoying plot that was very witty and mysterious with the missing Arrianne 's box . Brodich is very much an arrogant but endearing leader who met his true soul mate in Gillian . They complemented each other completely.This book had a lot of characters and a bewildering start . But do n't give up . I think this is Garwood 's best yet !
 Her storytelling has me traveling back in time and loving it . She has told this story with a believable skill that is hard to find in books anymore . Good , believable historical romances are few and far between and I can only commend Ms. Garwood on her talent . Please keep them coming .
 Julie 's newest book was the best yet . I have read every single one of the books she wrote , and never have I been disappointed . Gillian and Brodick are what each of us hope to find in love . Ramsey was the typical male who would n't know love until it left him . Julie , please write more on Ramsey and Bridgid , you left us hanging ! I will read this again and again until Julie comes out with her new book .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Judy Garwoods new novel , Ransom . I had read The Secret already and was impressed with this continuation . I found the strong character of Gillian inspiring . I love it when a heroine is strong and clever enough to save the hero . And as always , I enjoy the humor Judy Garwood incorporates in her stories . Definitely a good book to cuddle up with .
 I loved this book . It was so exciting . I am so glad she has gone away from the westerns and back to the Highlands . I love all her books . But this one is going to be one of my all time favorites .
 Sorry JG , but I ca n't make any comment about this book because it has n't been translated into my language ! . I envy all english speakers because they are always the first one who read your books ! . I understand pretty well english but my sister and mother not so I have to wait until someone kind publish them in spanish . It gets on my nerves ! . Julie , Could n't you help me?I 'll try to guess about it ... I 'm sure this is other incredible book plenty of adventures and risk , but very hilarious . The characters will be brave , wild and tender at the same time , and they will fight against their feelings until realise they ca n't live separated . However , I 'm sorry for telling this , but sometimes the stories are very similar because the characters have more or less the same personalities . I do n't care at all ! . I will be your best fan forever !!!!!!! xxoooxxoo ...
 I thought this was an entertaining and interesting book . However I was disappointed that Ramsey 's romance was shortchanged . I would have thought he deserved his own book . All in all , this is one of Ms Garwood 's better books .
 This is the best novel I 've read in a long time . It was funny and sweet and I just loved it ! My only regret was that it had to end . These two were so adorable together that it reminded me of The Bride . No one writes about the Scottish Highlands better and my only hope is that Julie brings us back there again soon .
 I really loved this book . When I read the Secret I thought then that the characters of Brodrick and Ramsey would be great for another book . I 'm so glad she used them for this one . Ransom had such a great story with wonderful heroes and villans I loved to hate .
 I HAVE ALL OF GARWOODS BOOKS AND EVEN THOUGH I AM NOT THRILLED WITH FOR THE ROSES COME THE SPRING OR THE CLAYBORN BRIDES I WAS THRILLED THAT SHE WENT BACK TO THE HIGHLANDS . I HAVE NEVER READ AANYTHING I ENJOYED SO MUCH . I WAS LITTLE DISSAPOINTED THAT RAMSEY DIDNT GET HIS OWN BOOK BUT AS ME AND MY FRIENDS FIGURE HIS FUTURE WIFE COULD ALWAYS BE KIDNAPPED FOR YEARS AND HE COULD BE BITTER . I AM HOPING ROBERT DYLAN AND PROSTER COME BACK IN BOOKS OF THEIR OWN . I MET JULIE GARWOOD AT A ROMANCE CONFERANCE AND SHE IS AS GREAT AS SHE WRITES . THIS BOOK IS A KEEPER . IM SO THRILLED WITH IT I PLAN ON REREADING IT IMMEDIATELY . DEFFINATELY ONE OF HER BEST . USUALLY THE WOMAN IS FUNNY BUT THESE MEN WERE HILARIOUS . THEY HAD ME LAUGHING SO HARD I CRIED .
 Ms. Garwood has hit one out of the ballpark with her newest novel , Ransom . I loved it ! She has a real knack for character development . I am looking forward to more Scottish Romances from her .
 I started on a Friday and was done by Sunday night I did n't want to put it down . I just had to know if they were going to make it and how it would all turn out . I recommend this book highly , it was great !!!
 I just could not put down this book . It almost made me late for work one day . I love the fact that we get to revisit old friends . I always wondered what had happend to Ramsey and Brodrick and how they faired on their journey into England . Now I know . This book is definitely a keeper . It is one of the few books that I just zipped through .
 I read this book 5 times . I just could n't put it down . I have also read Secret . It was good to see old friends again and find out what has been happening in their lives .
 I tried to wait until the book came to the library but I just could n't do it ! Went out and bought it to add to my Garwood collection and could n't put it down long enough to even cook dinner . So , I ordered a pizza for the family and read on . What a fun story . She always manages to keep me in suspense and in stitches . Her wit and charm shine through in all her books . -LRB- I 'm still waiting on a book about Quinlin & Faith from THE WEDDING -RRB-
 ONCE AGAIN JULIE GARWOOD HAS WRITTEN A BOOK WHERE I CA N'T PUT IT DOWN . ALL I WANT TO DO IS READ , READ , READ . I FEEL THAT I AM BEING TAKEN BACK IN TIME AND THAT I AM ACTUALLY A PART OF THE STORY , A THIRD PARTY , OF COURSE . RANSOM WAS A FUN-LOVING BOOK WITH OLD CHARACTERS RETURNED FROM THE SECRET , AND THEY HAVE A MAJOR ROLE , NOT JUST A FLY-BY - NIGHT MENTION .
 I first read The Secret a few weeks ago and was thrilled to discover i had co-incidentally purchased ransom as well . this book starts out great and only gets better . I have fallen in love with these strong spirited but soft hearted highlanders and hope that garwood will bring them back to us in yet another story soon . Ransom takes us on another journey through the Scottish highlands at a time when honor and loyalty were of utmost importance . The characters in this book are loveable and fun as well as deep . I highly recommend it to anyone but a word of adivise read The Secret first to understand fully some minor character development .
 Ransom , like all of Julie Garwood 's books , kept me in one place for the entire reading . My husband kept asking me why I was smiling to myself ? I loved the easy banter between all of the characters and the fierce loyalty that they always portray . Julie Garwood always makes her heriones strong willed yet feminine women . Which is something many authors seem to forget . We want to be kissed breathless but listened to !! It is such a delight to read about charachters that you have already glimpsed in other books . Julie Garwood brings you home !
 Although I would have enjoyed seeing Brodick and Ramsey having their own individual stories -LRB- each were just as deserving as Iain -RRB- I laughed -LRB- Alec was priceless -RRB- until I cried and read the entire book in less than a day . I have to re-read it again so I can slowly enjoy each page ! Ransom far surpassed For the Roses and the Clayborne Brides and I 'm glad to see that Julie Garwood is back to her original style ... humor -LRB- know what ... -RRB- and love -LRB- Gillian and Brodick 's love story was beautiful -RRB- , adventure -LRB- the escape -RRB- and action -LRB- retribution -RRB- . One minute you 're laughing and the next minute you 're crying ! Amazing ... -LRB- by the way , Secret was even more incredible -RRB- !
 A reader is captured with the first page of Ransom and led into a world of intrigue , betrayal , and revenge . The love story is rich and rewarding . I especially enjoy the `` love at first sight '' story line . Julie Garwood introduces the characters with such wonderfully descriptive words that one can almost get an image of what the characters look like . My favorite book by Julie Garwood is The Secret so I was very happy to hear that she had written a sequel . Once again readers get to meet Judith and Ian Maitland and their children . The unquestionable love that is expressed in any Julie Garwood book makes any story written by her one that I must have . I look forward to her next novel with great anticipation .
 I Started reading Julie Garwoods book when my friend and I were vacationing on the beach last summer . I Fell in love with `` the bride '' and could n't get enough of the Highlands after that . `` the secret '' captured my heart and I did n't believe I would find better characters . I was wrong . Brodrick and Gillian 's story was beyond any other . The Strong Laird learns that love does n't weaken a true warrior . Gillian learns to trust while falling in love with a noble man . I hope that Julie Garwood will continue to write about these fabulous men .
 Good story and interesting characters . It was fun getting to know the Buchanan ancestors . Evidently the Buchanan men have always been tall , arrogant , stubborn yet honorable and on occasion even gentle . A always , I enjoyed Garwood 's quirky humor . I 'll read this one again .
 The Ransom book by Julie Garwood is truely riviting and the characters come to life . I have this book in paper as well as on Kendal book . this is one of my favorite books by far . I have read this Ransom about 5 times now from cover to cover . Everytime i read it i capture the true essense of Characters . I would love to see the younger generation in the books to come spring to life . I can not seem to get enough of Julie 's , characters ; Ian , Brodrick , Ramsey Patrick and their wives , I would love to see the story unfold more.Thank you for your stories they are truley inspirational ! A devoted Fan !
 I have always enjoyed reading Julie Garwoods historical romances and this one along with Saving Grace is my favourite . Honestly , its the children in the book that make it so enjoyable.It is definitely worth every penny . This is actually about the tenth time I have read it.I wo n't do what everyone else does and write an essay telling you everything that is going to happen , so that you do not need to read it . Just trust your instinct . All of her books are great .
 Love the characters . Love Brodick , could not put the book down . wish for more stories and characters like this one .
 This is one of my favorite Julie Garwood books . Could not put it down . Love the characters and her humor .
 I liked this book . The characters are very enjoyable and the plot was interesting . It was a little predictable though ...
 I love Julie Garwood 's books . My favorite is probably The Secret and Ransom is now tied for that honor . I was already in love with many of the characters from the first book and Gillian and Alec were wonderful new characters . There were tense moments , scary moments , and many , many romantic moments . When I saw how thick the book was , I was a little wary , but I just could n't put it down and , by the end , I wished for a few hundred more pages . If you liked The Secret , you MUST read Ransom .
 You never get too old for romance . Julie Garwood created a timeless classic with this novel . Garwood takes you back to the time when men were men and instead of a meek woman , she created Gillian . A feisty heroine , that follows her heart and never gives up no matter how many trials and tribulations she has gone through . Garwood paints the tale of Gillian and Brodick in such vivid detail , you as the reader feel transformed to the harsh times of the romanticized Scotland . It is a story of love , treachery and betrayal and with times of intense suspense and simple emotion , the book is a page turner . I could not put it down . Literally I read it in a single day . In modern times the heroine and quest for love is often forgotten and this book takes you back to a simpler time , and draws out emotions I have never felt when reading a novel . One can ; t help but root for and become attached to the characters in this story . I have now read it four times and will only continue to increase that number .
 A Novel that takes back in time , you will laugh and cry thoroughly enjoy this love story set in another era & country .
 I have to say that I have read all of Ms. Garwood 's books and by far this one is my favorite . I have read it over several times and still love it each and every time !
 This was my first Garwood book . It actually had me looking for more . I like that the hero and heroine were together through most of the book with lots of feelings and dialogue in between . There were a few things that I found annoying about this book . Gillian was such a strong character at the beginning of the book and then as the story progressed she became weaker and weaker . Brodick seemed to love her for her strong will but somehow he stomped it out of her anyway.Ramsey and Bridgid seemed a bit rushed . I think Ramsey definitely could have carried his own novel . The book was also a little repetitive at times . Every single character had to be told the story how Gillian saved Michael . Michael became a little bit repetitive also and a bit annoying.Spoiler *** Lastly , when Gillian finally finds her sister it is very anti-climactic and a little hard to believe.Even with these flaws it was still a very nice read .
 Amazing book ! Garwood at her best . I absolutely loved it ! Do yourself a favor , read The Secret -LRB- equally excellent -RRB- FIRST . It 'll introduce you to the two of the characters and give you some background.I ca n't really go into detail about the plot without giving spoilers , but suffice to say the book is basically about Gillian 's -LRB- englishwoman -RRB- escape and journey to find her long lost sister & a jeweled box in the Scottish Highlands in order to free her beloved Uncle Morgan from his captor Baron Alford . There 's a whole mystery surrounding the box , its contents and their significance . In her escape , she saves a boy and determines to bring him back to his family in the Highlands first and then pursue the whereabouts of her sister & box . She gets help from the Laird Bodrick and his warrior soldiers at first and then their joined by Laird Ramsey and Laird Iain -LRB- The Secret -RRB- . The scenes with the boy -LRB- ca n't tell you who he is * spoiler * -RRB- and Gillian are hilarious . He 's a real talker ! And the constant verbal sparing between Brodick and Gillian is so funny and touching at the same time . These two were made for each other . Both stubborn to a fault.There is also romance between Gillian 's friend Brigid and Laird Ramsey , but I have to agree with other reviewers . It 's just not meaty enough . I would have liked to have seen more.There is also a a bunch of surprises involving the identity of some Highlander traitors . It 'll keep you guessing.This is a great book for anyone who loves highlander historicals -LRB- circa 1200 -RRB- with romance and a heavy dose of mystery . There are tons of plot turns and twists which will keep you glued to the book . Be prepared for a long night!I also recommend , for those of you that liked this one , Garwood 's Honora 's Spendor and Saving Grace and The Wedding .
 I loved the story of Gillian and Broderick . As another reviewer posted , I think that the Ramsey and Bridgit story could have had it 's own seperate book . Without giving away their story , it just did n't have a lot of meat to it . Over all though , I really enjoyed this book ! I think the plot development and the main characters were outstanding . Gillian is n't a whimpy heorine who backs - to the very last chapter , she stands up for what she believes in , without loosing her softer side .
 I have read all of Julie Garwood 's books - several times and this is one of my absolute favorites ! I had to go out and buy them all !
 BUT ... while many sequel-type stories will also stand alone , one simply MUST read The Secret before Ransom . The enjoyment of Ransom will be 10-fold . Usually these sequels give a passing nod to our H/Hs of earlier books . In this book they play a much more significant role . Besides , The Secret was also a lovely story and the 2 together are just 10 stars.I have had mixed reaction to the JG stories I have read because they were a bit ` light ' to the historical romances I usually preferred . She certainly got my attention with these 2 stories however .
 THE BEST YET!Julie is the best when it comes to Highland Love stories . Could n't put this book down .
 I loved this book and ca n't relate to anyone that thinks this book lacked depth . Garwood focused on the characters as always . You see lots of dialogue and thought . Brodick is absolutely breathtakingly powerful . Gillian is brave yet innocent . I loved Alec -LRB- Maitland -RRB- . I appreciated that Julie took time to develop the story rather than cramming everything into 300 pages .
 MY GOSH I THINK THIS WAS PROBABLY THE BEST OF JULIE GARWOOD ... PERFECT SPIN OFF OF THE SECRET ... A MUST MUST HAVE !!
 I must admit , it 's been a while since Ms. Garwood has written a really and truly good story . The characters were well-developed and the plot just complicated enough so as not to be predictably boring . She was my first and , still is , my favorite romance author . This one I just COULD NOT put down ! I finished it in a day ! for anyone who loves historicals , this one is definitely a must read ! : -RRB-
 What an amazing book ! Gillian , the sweet heroine , and her love Brodick , the strong Highland warrior with a ruthless reputation , make an incredible couple . From the beginning there is chemistry between these two and unlike most historic novels , we do n't spend the whole book with them at odds until the final chapter . It flows so easily that I finished the book within 2 days because it was so hard for me to put down ! The characters are so extremely likeable and inspired that this book makes even the hardest of hearts yearn to find and experience the love that these two have . Wonderful reading and would make a great Christmas present.Ms . Garwood is easily one of the finest historical romance novelists around . I have read so many of her books and I have enjoyed each and every one . I particularly enjoyed the fact that this was set in the Scotland Highlands , which I love .
 This was a really good book . I cried on parts and laughed in others . This one is a keeper . I 've read all of Ms.Garwood books and they just keep getting better . I look forward to the next one !
 ... but shallow . I could n't much connect with this story.Maybe it was because I kept wondering where Ramsey 's story was . The back cover promised a story for both Brodick and Ramsey , but all we really got was Brodick 's relationship with Gillian . It would have been better if Ms. Garwood had saved Ramsey 's story for another book.I also did n't care for the lack of historical depth to this story . John , one of the most wicked men to hold England 's throne -LRB- so evil that not another king in English history since him has borne his name -RRB- , was portrayed as basically an okay if confused and inept monarch . The Scots ' hatred of him is shown more as unreasoning prejudice against the English in general than as a principled disgust for evil . Gillian 's loyalty to her king , as a manifestation of her loyalty to her country , is admirable , but should have been balanced with a more historically correct portrayal of John.I 'm giving RANSOM four stars because I appreciate that Ms. Garwood usually portrays sex within marriage . There 's not enough of such books out there . My only comment would be that Ms. Garwood should be aware that since she brought up the issue of annulment , she should have researched the issue more carefully . Brodick 's and Gillian 's marriage was null from the beginning because Gillian had no idea she was consenting to marriage . Such nullity would not have been changed to validity by consummation of the marriage . Thus , Father Laggan -LRB- even in medieval times -RRB- would have had no trouble petitioning for an annulment on Gillian 's behalf .
 This is another great book by Garwood . I will admit , though , the beginning was kind of confusing with too many characters all at once . But , if you stick with it , all falls into place and it turns into another great read like all of her others . I 'm a fan .
 The story line and characters were full of detail and charm . This book reminds me of her books prior to the `` Rose '' series . Both Brodrick and Ramsey were such strong characters in her previous book with Judity and Ian Maitland that I was glad to see `` their '' story . However , I felt Ramsey deserved his own book or more of this book to share his story . I feel his character and involvment could of been enhanced in greater detail and length . I liked the pace of the book , it kept moving throughout the story .
 Julie Garwood returns to her usual high quality with Ransom . Come the Spring was boring , but this latest novel is full of romance and intrigue . I loved the two love stories , though I thought Ramsey and Brigit could have had their own book . Also , it was great to see how Judith and Ian turned out after reading the Secret . Their little boy is so sweet ! A good , fun and fast read .
 I began reading Julie Garwood 's books on the 15th of August , since then I have completed all of her works except one , and that is because I ca n't find it yet . I picked up Ransom two days ago , and was only upset because I finished the book so quickly . The strength of the characters was breath taking . As always she relied on intelligence , trust , desire and respect to create dynamic females character , as well as strong male conterparts as well . Mrs. Garwood please take a bow . AND GIVE ME MORE !!!!!!
 This good novel was made better after I read The Secret ! Duh -- I loved Brodick in The Secret and was intrigued by Ramsey . I 'm very pleased that Brodick was the central character . I am disappointed that more was not done to develop the `` sisters '' line . I feel that wrap-up was lacking . Overall , however , I liked the book . Different from her others ...
 The long awaited sequel to The Secret was worth the wait . Julie Garwood has created another terrific adventure combining characters I fell in love with in The Secret with new ones . Her brilliance again noted in her ability to make me laugh and weep . This is another keeper to add to my collection of The Bride , The Wedding and The Secret . I look forward to another Highland romance in the future .
 Great book , just wanted to all let you know . If you ever pick up this book and start reading it , you will never be able to put it down again !
 If you are a Julie Garwood fan , you will love this book . The way she writes of the people and the countryside are so descriptive you feel as if you are there . My heart is set on visiting the Scottish Highlands and maybe hopefully catch a glimpse of what I saw through her writing . A captivating story that you wo n't want to put down ... Julie Garwood you have done it again !
 I love Julie Garwood , but this was great even for her . A wonderful story and great characters . I loved the mystery , the suspense and , of course , the romance . Read it today !
 Loved the wit and humor along with the romance.I would have liked to have more written about the characters Ramsey and Bridgid . Ms. Garwood can make up for it in another book about Uncle Ennis . I ca n't wait for the next one to add to my collection . And do n't forget the charcters in the Wedding , Quinlan and Faith .
 I love all of Julie Garwood 's books . Not only is their love and romance , the plot is always great . The biggest plus is the HUMOR she put in it . Keeps me entertained and laughing . Big strong men and strong women . ****** She gets all my stars -LRB- 6 -RRB- .
 I love the continuation books ! I loved reading about characters that Julie Garwood had already introduced us to ! Wonderful reading ! More please !
 Well worth reading . I was very disappointed with Garwood 's last book ; however , she certainly redeemed herself this time . A light , easy read with likeable characters .
 This was a wonderfull book and a great romance story . They have reviewed this book as a sequel to `` The Secret '' but it 's not realy a sequel-we do revisit a few old friend from there . It 's the story of Brodick and Gillian -LRB- and a side story of Ramsey and Bridgid - a very small part of the book -RRB- , two of Ian 's best male friends that were introduced in the Secret . The story is centered around finding a missing jewel box -LRB- known as Arianna 's treasure that belong to King John 's mistress Arianna -RRB- . I enjoyed this book very much - expecially the part when Brodick and Gillian get married - and when she finds out that she is married . My only disapointment was that Ramsey 's and Bridgid story was such a small one - I think they deserved their own story . But it 's still a great read and worth the money for a hardcover .
 I have read all of Julie Garwood 's books and this one does n't disappoint . I love her writing and I love all of her characters .
 Ransom is set in the 13th century . The English heroine , Gillian , and her older sister are seperated at a very young age as their father tries to get them out of harms way when the unscruplous Baron Alford attacks their family home stealing not only their home and her father 's life , but also his reputation . More than a decade later Gillian is trying to save the uncle who raised her by finding her sister , Christen , and a treasure box her father gave to her sister for safe keeping . Gillian is aided on her quest by two Scottish chieftains who have their own agenda with not only Baron Alford but also with the highland traitor who is working for the Baron . The book is as unforgettable as the love discovered between Gillian and one of the chieftains . To find out if their love can survive , if the highland traitor is discovered , and what is the mystery behind the treasure box , be sure to read `` Ransom '' by Julie Garwood .
 This book was truly wonderful . I loved meeting back up with Judith and Ian . I laughed and I cried . I also got thrown for a loop because I thought Brigid was someone that she turned out not being . Way to go ! Keep 'em coming !
 I read The Secret just before reading this one . It was a wonderful lead-in to Ransom . I could n't put this book down . I feel in love with Broderick and Gillian . And it was great to include Iain & Judith Maitland . You always wonder what happens to the characters in the other books , and it 's great when you see what happens to them .
 I have read all of Garwood 's books and this one was my favorite . I laughed and cried . The characters were terrific and well-developed . I could n't put it down and have read it at least ten times since I bought it .
 In Ransom , we finally see the long awaited story of Brodick and Ramsey . After reading the Secret , I was captivated with them , especially Brodick , and it is he that Ransom follows closely . Some were concerned after the Rose trilogy that Ms. Garwood had lost her touch , but Ransom proves that she 's still got it ! I read it in a single sitting , it was so good ! I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys chivalry and romance , and Garwood is always terrific for the beginning romance reader as well as the seasoned -LRB- my first romance book was a Garwood novel -RRB- . This book is a must have .
 Julie Garwood again does n't disapoint ! Ransom is heartwarming and clever , taking twists and turns that are not the formulas that many romance novels follow . The only slight disapointment is that I wish she had spent a little more time on Ramsey and Bridgid 's romance . I like how she split her time between 2 romances in Come the Spring , and I was kind of looking forward to that here . But I always love revisiting old characters of Julie 's .
 From the begining to the end the book is great . Ms. Garwood has done it again . The book holds you captive from begining to end . I felt like I was actually in the book with all the charcters . Thanks again and I ca n't wait for your next book .
 Julie , I have all the books that you have written and have read them until the pages have about fallen out - Ransom will soon be in this condition too - I would like to request that you have your books done on audio tape -LRB- unabridged !! -RRB- that way I can enjoy your books even more . I can hardly wait for your next book - keep typing !! Your admirer in Phoenix - Karen
 Ransom was an entertaining romance . The characters were lively and humorous . I hope to read more Julie Garwood stories from the Scottish Highlands . I highly recommend this book because Garwood does not disappoint .
 Oh , Julie , Julie , Julie - THANK YOU !!! This was perfection ! RANSOM is as good as your other `` keepers '' - The Prize , The Secret and The Wedding ! I loved them all and this new one rates right up there with them . RANSOM proves you have n't lost your touch like so many of my other old favourites
 Julie Garwood proves that she is a very talented story teller . She will take you back to when men had courage , and women had morels . I have read her new book twice in one week . You will love this sequel to The Secret . Happy reading !!!!!!!!!!
 Julie has done it again ! The sequel to The Secret was amazingly done , if it did end a bit quickly . I guess she got tired towards the end and just decided to cut it.The beginning was so heartwrenching I could n't help but cry . Two helpless little girls . Such loyal soldiers . A kind and loving father . It was so devastating . They were torn from their home and Gillian had to witness the murder of her father.Forward to the future and she is saving little Alec Maitland from death . Alec 's talkativeness is very heartwarming and you ca n't help but smile . Once she runs away with him toward Scotland , she enlists the help of Brodick , Laird Buchanan , to bring the boy back to his parents . Along the way , they fall in love.All through the story , Gillian tries to find her estranged sister , who is said to live in the Highlands , with the Macphersons . Ramsey Sinclair is also in this story . He falls in love with the beautiful Bridgid . Since his land borders the Macphersons , Gillian travels there with Brodick after parting with the Maitlands . On their way there , Brodick tricks her into marrying him.Gillian and Bridgid become fast friends , and since Bridgid had blond hair , I thought that she might have been Gillian 's long-lost sister . But that was an anticlimax . Gillian 's sister did n't want her . It was very disappointing that Gillian could n't have had a perfect ending.Some of the shortcomings of this book were the fact that Gillian kept on retelling the story of how she was abused by Baron Alford , the same one who captured Alec . There were so many instances where she repeated part of the story or it was written that she repeated the story . Garwood even made Alec repeat what happened to them over and over again . I got so sick of that . Another thing was how they never returned to Buchanan land . I really wanted a description of her home and how the people accepted her . In Ramsey and Bridgid 's love story , the details were few and far between . I had no chance to see their relationship develop and throughout the book , it was frustrating how they never came together as a couple until the very end , and even then , all I got was them talking for about two pages , and then it ended with him proposing . Garwood did n't even show me her response . It just skipped right over to Brodick and Gillian , with Brodick narrating that Bridgid and Ramsey went home to get married . I felt that the author could have further developed Ramsey 's story.But do n't despair . Despite the drawbacks , the good still outweigh the back , and I would definitely read this book again . It has a lot of appeal and emotion . Well-written , if a bit abrupt .
 I 've read every single one of Julie Garwood 's books , and Ransom has to be my favorite over all . All things considered , the book is idyllic yet realistic at the same time , making a dazzling combination.From the very beginning , Gillian , a young English woman , and daughter of a late Baron , and Brodick , a Scottish Laird from the Highlands , -LRB- and an original character from the Secret -RRB- had sparks sizzling between each other , and although they both had rather different personalities , they did n't clash at all , but made one of my favorite Garwood couples . Gillian faced many fears throughout the book , but Brodick , a true Scot at heart who thoroughly despised the English , generously helped her try to overcome all of them.The story of Ramsey , -LRB- also from The Secret -RRB- , is in the book , too . I admit , I was disappointed that Ramsey and Bridgid did n't have their own novel , but all in all , it was still a great story with two very charismatic characters.The beginning of the story started out wonderful , and it just continued to get better and better . Throughout the story there are many surprises , and a great plot to go with it . There are also a few disappointments like in any decent book , but you are too caught up in the story to pay any mind to it .
 I love Julie Garwood , but I think this is my absolute favorite . Gillian saves the life of a little boy and has to enlist the help of powerful Scottish Laird Brodick to get him home . And as they travel into the Highlands , Gillian can find her long-lost sister . The sister is key to finding a royal treasure that Gillian needs to save a beloved uncle from evil clutches.We see favorite characters from previous books and meet new characters we learn to love . Grab this book , even if you have n't read the earlier books in the series .
 This book lets you have another look at some of the characters from `` Secrets '' . You can continue in their lives and see what happened after the book ended . Broderick was a interesting choice for the second book , but he was mentioned frequently in the first book . Gillian is a wonderful herione . She is strong and gets muddled when she is twitterpated just like everyone else does . Humor as always is in this book . What romance fictional or real does n't have some . The setting is one of my favorites-Scotland .
 I have only read 2 of her books first I read Ransom and I just finished The Secret I would never suggest you to read it in that order read The Secret first and then read Ransom YOu will fall in love with the characters so quickly . Julie Garwood is so good at adding humor and romance and drama into her novels . These two novels compliment each other and once you pick these books up they are hard to put down . I promise that they are a great buy .
 I love JG 's writting . Ransom is my favorite of hers . I have read this book over and over many times . The story is very funny and loaded with good old fashion romance . The dialogs were great between characters . Althought , Ramsey and Bridge was a bit short may be they will have their own book later.I have read JG modern romance and like them , but JG is much better at Historical romance . I prefer stories like Ransom with all those Highlanders and Englishs . It 's much more enjoyable to slip back into the historical time for a romantic tale.I have read Ransom over countless of time . Specially on a night that I just want to read something fun with a happy ending . If this book ever becomes a movie that even be better !
 JG never cease to amaze me . I love all her books and RANSOM is definitely a keeper .
 * Although I 've read most of JG 's books , I wanted to review RANSOM because it 's my favorite . The Prologue is extremely serious , but you 'll soon find yourself laughing outright , mostly when the lovable little boy , Alec Maitland is involved . * The ever-present group of friends loyal to the hero , and ultimately , the heroine is a wonderful idea . The characters are always subtle yet charming . JG should definitely stick to this format . -LRB- In fact , I was slightly disappointed JG did n't include such a group in the wonderful book HEARTBREAKER . -RRB- * The story of Brodick and Gillian is witty , romantic , and thoroughly enjoyable . I love how they met ! ** BUT ... like so many others , I was equally interested in Ramsey and Bridgid . JG should find a way to write their story , no doubt about it . I confess , I read the book the 2nd time with Ramsey & Bridgid in mind first , Brodick & Gillian , second . Both couples are equally endearing . This is the kind of book you ca n't put down and one you certainly do n't want to end .
 I LOVE THIS BOOK ! It 's so good ... I think it was the first Julie Garwood book I read and I became obsessed with her after that . I read this book about 4 times . :o-RRB- Im such a loser but it 's so good . I recommend this book to anyone it 's really funny and cute . I like the hero -LRB- ? -RRB- Brodick cause he 's so rude it 's hilarious . I like Gillian because she just so cute ! I love everyone in this book . Just read it and you 'll see what I mean
 I own all of Julie Garwood 's books . I love her stories , characters and her wit -LRB- I laugh outloud -RRB- . Her book RANSOM has got to be one of my all-time favorites -LRB- I have read it twice -RRB- . This novel has it all suspense , loveable characters and laughter . Don 's miss this one . It definitely is a keeper . I can not wait for more Julie Garwood books to be published !!!!
 I really love Ms. Garwood 's books . This one was no exception !!! The only complaint that I have is that Ramsey 's story was not followed through . This was a disappointment and I think had the making of an excellent story . Even if it had to be a complete separate book .
 I have followed Julie for many years and after the disappointment of Come the Spring , Ransom restored my faith in Garwood as the First Lady of romance writing . The characters are strong , witty and will keep any reader captivated for hours . I hated when the story had to end but look forward to her next mastepiece .
 Julie hardly needs my review , but I must say I 've never read a book of hers I did n't like . She makes me laugh . She makes me cry . She makes me fall in love with her heroes . What more could one ask of a book?Ms . Julie Garwood is one of the best historical writers . Her books and characters are so alive and vivid , one totally lives in another time and space when reading her beautiful stories . - Lee Emory
 This book was great . The characters were great , and everything was so easy to understand . It was so fun to read , i could not put it down ! I am definately going to get more of her books !
 I have been reading Julie Garwood ever since The Secret was first written and I have been eagerly anticipating Ramsey 's story . I loved the book - but I could not help feeling a bit disappointed that Ms. Garwood did not include more of a rich tale about Ramsey and Bridgid . If she had to have two romances in one book , I know that I would have bought a book that was twice as long with equal emphasis on both romances.Ms . Garwood , if you read this , please continue with your Scottish romances - I am now fascinated by the Highlands and its brave , courageous people !
 I simply adored this book though I agree with everyone who wrote in that Ramsay should have had a book for himself instead of sharing a teeny little piece at the end which was a pity .
 After having read The Secret and falling in love with Ian , the main character , I could n't wait to read Ransom . I was n't disappointed . I laughed at their antics and longed for their passion . This was a most intriguing book .
 This was my first Julie Garwood book , but now I 'm a fan !! I loved the characters Brodick and Gillian . I ca n't wait to read more of her work !
 I really loved this book , but I had been waiting since `` The Secret '' for a story that I hoped would focus on Ramsey Sinclair , as he was written to be the more `` irresistible '' . I enjoyed Brodick but did n't find his character in `` The Secret '' to be that exciting . At any rate , `` Ransom '' is well written and I did enjoy reading it .
 I loved the book . The characters had depth and you could feel their though processes . You could understand the way they would react in certain situations because you could understand the way they though as well as why they thought that way . It was an excellent read .
 As usual with Julie Garwood 's books , I had to make time to sit down and read it in one sitting . I was a little disappointed with Come The Spring , but Ransom is fabulous.What fun to read Brodick 's and Ramsey 's stories . Everyone I know has been clamoring for this book from the instant they realized Brodick and Ramsey from The Secret had gone to England to find brides as perfect as Judith . How wonderful to revisit with Iain and Judith Maitland , Frances Catherine and Patrick , Winslow and Isabelle , etc. . It 's a tribute to Ms. Garwood 's writing ability how sad you feel when it 's mentioned in passing that one of the older characters from The Secret had died ; these characters are alive.I would 've liked Ramsey and Bridgid to have had their own book , but you ca n't have everything . If you have n't read The Secret , you do n't know what you 're missing . Read it immediately and then read Ransom ; both are on my `` keeper '' shelf .
 I have this book next to my nightstand ! . I have both of her books in this series . Wish she could have done a third !! I love scottish historicals , and whenever I feel like having a little bit of comfort , I grab these 2 books and enjoy them over and over again!Try `` The Secret '' and `` Ransom '' !! They are `` feel good '' books !!!!
 If you have read THE SECRET , then you would already be acquainted with those two sexy Scottish rogues , Brodick Buchanan and Ramsey Sinclair . As hinted on the ending , Brodick and Ramsey seek Iain Maitland 's permission to go wife hunting in England after falling for the charms of Iain 's English wife Judith . Now in this book we learn what actually happened to their quest.Brodick and Ramsey are now lairds of their own clan . When Brodick 's godson disappears , everyone feared him dead . But little did they know that Alec Maitland was actually abducted by Ramsey 's enemies who mistook the boy for Ramsey 's brother , hoping to lure him out so as to ambush him . Conspiring with an English baron in search for the king 's treasure , Alec was held captive in England , in the same castle where Lady Gillian was kept.Gillian was a mere child when she saw her father and people murdered by Baron Alford . It was n't until years later that she finds out about the so-called Arianna 's box , which the baron accuses her father of stealing from the king . Now all grown-up , the Baron threatens to murder her beloved uncle unless she finds her sister who he believes carries the box , and who is now apparently hiding within Ramsey 's clan . So upon learning of Alec 's relation with Ramsey , she risks everything to go to Scotland intent on returning the boy to his family and hopefully finding her long lost sister . But one thing she never expected is to fall in love along the way.Taking place seven years after Iain Maitland and Judith 's married , RANSOM is a wonderful follow up to THE SECRET and I personally thought that the author outdid herself with this book . I enjoyed revisiting some of the old characters from THE SECRET and finding out what has happened to them since . There 's plenty of humor to keep you entertained and I especially loved the banter between Brodick and Gillian and Alec Maitland 's childish innocence and candor is such a joy . Gillian is a lovable heroine , courageous and compassionate and just the perfect antidote to Brodick 's gruffness and cynicism . And how I enjoyed seeing Brodick slowly lose his heart ! The extent he went through just to be able to keep Gillian with him , with the help of Ramsey and his own soldiers , was just delightful . And yes , the way Brodick 's soldiers became so protective of Gillian was a riot . I pitied anyone who dared get near her.With its blend of murder , conspiracy and wonderful romance , RANSOM is one of Garwood 's best . It was great revisiting some of the old characters from THE SECRET and finding out what has happened to them since . I thoroughly enjoyed it and , together with THE BRIDE , is so far my favorite Garwood novel .
 This is my 5th Julie garwood book , and she 's a wonderful author . My 1st was THE BRIDE , and I was instantly in love with the characters , the story , the splot , the hero , everything , EVERYTHING about the book . . Then i read several other JG 's books , they 're good , but somehow I ca n't find the charm , the laughters I got in THE BRIDE , until now . . Thanks to Tanya L. Schaub `` TSchlaack '' 's review -LRB- you see it below -RRB- the minute I read her compare this with THE BRIDE , i purchased right away , without second thought , and how I love this book . It 's SOOO sweet , so charming , and . . so long . . yup . . one thing about THE BRIDE is that i hope it would be a little longer . THere are much more going on in RANSOM , the plot is more complexed , and the characters , oh my , the beautiful Gillian , and what can I say about Brodick . . how possessive and masculine can you get . . lol . . i love everything about this book , and if possible , I think it 's even better than THE BRIDE . . Julie Garwood , you have to write more books like this !!! a MUST read !
 Having just finished `` Gentle Warrior , '' which was a disappointment , I was eager to recapture the Garwood magic with one of her most popular books -- `` Ransom . '' I was not disappointed . I read the 500 + pages on this book in a single sitting and could not bear to be torn away from Ms. Garwood 's wonderful characters for even a second . I never read `` The Secret , '' but did not feel like I missed out by reading this book first . `` Ransom '' is one of Julie Garwood 's best writings as it is laced with all the elements that make her such a great writer -- a courageous heroine , a handsome giant of a hero -LRB- with a gentle heart -RRB- , characters we want to hold close to our hearts , a love that fills your eyes with tears , and an adventure you feel grateful to be part of.Brodick Buchanan finds himself as champion and protector of Gillian , whose life has been painful and difficult , and he knows almost immediately that he will never let her go . Their love story develops quickly and intensely . The moments they share are written so beautifully that you can feel the love between them . Both characters are intelligent and kind , complimenting each other 's personalities to perfection , and you want to hold them both close to your heart . Gillian is sweet , kind and noble , but also brave , strong , and so pure of heart . Brodick is the stereotypical warrior , but his demeanor gentles when he meets Gillian . Like he says at some point in the book , the `` mere wisp of a woman '' changed his life forever.Read this book . It 's beautiful . It will make you laugh and cry and celebrate love . Brodick and Gillian are a treat to get to know . Make them your friends .
 A longtime , avid romance reader , I became captivated with the genre with Garwood 's The Bride years ago . She excels at creating fierce heroes , tender heroines , passionate love scenes and situations , and whimsical dialogue . This is true of possibly her best novel , The Secret , and its sequel here , Ramsom . The Secret develops the sparks between an English maiden and her foe/beau Scottish chieftain , Iain Maitland . He returns here along with his friends and fellow lairds Brodick Buchanan and Ramsey Sinclair , and we are glad to revisit them . As in The Bride and Secret , the storyline is along the lines of dueling alliances between an Englishwoman and a Scotsman . But though fun to read , Ransom was an uneven , at times frustrating romance.First and foremost , though the novel is billed as a dual romance -LRB- part of the reason I bought it -RRB- and it begins with equal development of both romances , the more compelling romantic plot gets left by the wayside until nearly the end . The main romance , between the passionate , stubborn Spartan blond giant Brodick and spunky and loyal Gillian , is fine . Their relationship is interesting but a bit transparent , given their open characters . For this reason , the more covert , subtle and layered characters of Ramsey and Bridgid are more intriguing and deserved their own complete plot development , if not their own novel , as another reader has suggested . The end does finally bring these two together but so quickly it 's frustrating ! I wanted far more of these two lovers.Second , as in all her other novels , Garwood lapses into some formulaic idiosyncrasies . All her heroes border on brutish and dense -LRB- what 's wrong with both brawns and brains ? -RRB- and they go around doing things like -LRB- her favorite expression , for some odd reason -RRB- `` hauling '' the heroine along with them , as if their woman were a sack of potatoes . This is the middle ages , not caveman times , even in the Highlands ! She also has the annoying habit of conducting repartees between the lovers punctuated with ongoing interruptions where each speaker delays or needs to clarify the obvious . A little of this verbal coyness goes a long way.Third , the lost sister plot had a surprisingly weak and unexpected resolution . I thought all along that Garwood was setting us up with the figure of Bridgid as Gillian 's friend , but the actual reunion scene between Gillian and her sister Christen falls flat , and no allusion to an alternative is ever made , though there clearly is one with Bridgid . Many loose threads in this plot.Despite all these flaws , it is an engaging read . Little as there is of them , read it for Ramsey and Bridgid !
 Julie Garwood never disappoints . Lock the door , take the phone off the hook and just enjoy . This is definitely a keeper , you will read it again and again and again . Brodick and Gillian are wonderful characters and the marriage scene -LRB- or when she finds out they are married -RRB- is a real laugh - something a little bit different . It was also wonderful to return to the Scottish Highlands and find out what happened to Judith and Ian from The Secret.Keep it up Julie !
 Ransom continues the Highland clans tale of the Maitlands and the connected clans . This is the story of Brodick and Ramsey but leans less toward bodice-ripping romance and more toward the interaction of the characters and the developing relationship between Brodick and his soon-to-be bride . The ` escapism ' part for me by far are the heroics of the Highlanders and the undying loyalty toward the English woman who protects a small child . You will love this book and you may laugh outloud when you read it . This is the best Garwood and the best of this series . She turns what could be ` trash ' romance into a real story that you become involved in , with a plot that you may indeed know the outcome of ahead of time , but you will love getting there ! It 's a great read ! If you enjoyed Kathleen Woodiwiss when you were younger or Jude Devereaux , pick up Garwood . She 's fabulous !
 Ransom is a beautiful , epic story about a young English woman 's quest to save her uncle , and at the same time three Scottish Laird 's journey to take revenge on an evil Baron who has threatened them all . Ransom is also about the developing relationships between Gillian and Brodick Buchanan and Brigid and Ramsey Sinclair.Some reviewers have mentioned that they felt Ramsey and Brigid deserved more time or that they should have had a separate book . They have also commented that Brodick and Gillian were not so interesting . I do n't normally comment on other reviews - we all have a right to our opinions after all ! - but in this case I just had to respond , as I could n't disagree more.Gillian and Brodick are a wonderful couple ; Gillian is clever and smart as well as beautiful and brave , and Brodick is confident , protective , sexy and brave too . What I loved was that he always had respect for Gillian 's abilities unlike many alpha heroes , even when Gillian doubted herself he always reassured her . He even defended her skills to other people rather than belittling her or treating her badly as heroes in other historicals are prone to do with alarming regularity.Gillian and Brodick in my opinion deserve the extra time - although Brigid and Ramsey were great too - because they were much less conventional than the other couple , which made their story even more engrossing . Their dialogue was electric and it was clear to me that they belonged together - no one else would have been quite right for them.Overall Ransom was fantastic and included all the elements I love in a romantic novel . I would caution readers that Brodick and Gillian do n't meet up right away , I think it 's a hundred pages in , but as the book is 450 pages + this does n't matter as the two are together almost continuously after that point so there is plenty of time for their relationship to develop . Read this if you like Scottish Laird meets English Lady stories that are charming , funny and above all romantic . I have a feeling this novel is just what you 're looking for.JoAnne
 This book was amazing . I think its better than the original book The Secret . It has the same flair for humor that J.G. always immerses in her novels . It will make you laugh -LRB- sometimes out loud -RRB- , cry , scowl , and fall in love with all the characters . This one goes right up there with Saving Grace !
 I love her books and this one was no exception . Garwood takes you right to the heart of the story and it is impossible to put the book down . I can Ransom over and over , it is her best book yet . I am eagerly anticipating her next novel and I highly recommend her books for ALL romance readers !
 This is the sequel toThe Secret -LRB- Highlands ' Lairds -RRB- . We get to see Judith and Ian and thier sons , as well as Ramsey . I am re-reading this on my kindle for ipad . I read the hardback several years ago.I just adore Brodick and his second-in-command , Dylan . Soooo steaming hot ! No , this is not a man crush . Broderick loves Gillian.It is implausible in parts , but I get the feeling that it 's deliberate -- all the descriptions of Brodick 's super-strength . I think we are supposed to be chuckling at all the mythically godlike and larger-than-life alpha warriors , especially Brodick and Ramsey.The secondary romance with Ramsey and Bridgid was okay . I could take it or leave it.Flaws
 I loved this book !! Funny and romantic . Simply great ! I actually found myself chuckling now and again at the banter between the characters . And the story kept me interested and althought the plot was n't a complete surprise , it was good enough to keep me from skiping pages - which I found myself doing more often then not , when I read boring historical novels.I loved the fact that gruff exterior of the hero does not hide the fact that he is a total marshmallow where Gillian is concerned.Even more so that the fisical apearances of both of them was n't the main reason they fell in love for each other.Love in it 's simplest -LRB- and lustful -RRB- form.I highly recomend it !
 This is the sequel to The Secret . We get to read the story of Brodick and Ramsey , the lovable warriors from The Secret . Both has set off to England to find brides and came back disillusioned . It is a great story of love , loyalty and revenge .
 I love Julie Garwood 's historical romance novels , especially the ones that have to do with the Highlands . Reading this book was like catching up with old friends from the book The Secret . If you have n't read The Secret you should read that first then read Ransom so that you will be familiar with the characters . You will fall in love with Brodick and his gruff nature but you will see that he is just a pussycat , I just wish that Ramsey and Bridgid 's story was a bit more longer . Either way I would definitely recommend this book to read .
 Although I 've read all of Julie Garwood 's books , Ransom is definitely my favorite . Brodick Buchanan was n't looking for love , or even a woman to call his own , but found one anyway , although he refuses to admit it , even to himself . Gillian has enough backbone for several heroines , but not in a `` too stupid to live '' way . Although she puts herself in harm 's way , it has to be done . Unfortunately Brodick does n't agree , and ca n't believe he 's fallen in love with a woman who 's determined to save herself despite being married to a warrior . Gillian , however , ca n't move on with her life until she puts her past to rest .
 Brodick is by far my favorite character of all the romance books that I have read , and after having read the first book in this series I was so glad to see his story was told in this book . He makes up his mind almost from the beginning , without any wishy-washy hedging or any attempt to maintain a cold , distance . He knows his mind and he knows his heart and no amount of fear could override that . Gillian needs some persuasion and coercion to come around to his way of thinking , and Brodick is more than happy to accommodate her.There is also a secondary romance in this book between Ramsey and Bridgid . The last book in this series is Shadow Music and includes Brodick and mention of other characters from the first two books . Highly recommended series !
 I 've always loved how this author so adeptly weaves a tale of intrigue , romance and mystery ... -LRB- at least with her Historical Romance novels -RRB- . JG lays a solid foundation right from the beginning of her stories , with strong , well defined and well developed characters and this book is no exception . The banter she lays out between an entire group of characters -LRB- I 'm thinking of the marriage trickery on the mountain pass -RRB- is downright hilarious . gawd I loved it and I was literally laughing out loud being grateful -LRB- more than once -RRB- that I was n't sipping coffee -LRB- or some other beverage -RRB- during those laughable scenes . -LRB- I 'm bustin ' up just thinkin ' about it all again -RRB- ... I loved how JG wove two romances into one -LRB- Brodick and Ramsey -RRB- . Brilliant!I missed the simple Scottish `` lingo '' of `` nay , aye , dinna , doona , or canna '' etc. . . It takes away from this type of story when common , modern language and terminology is used . Also , the ending is so abrupt ! The dialogue between Brodick and Gillian could 've been drawn out a few more pages and ease the reader into a finish rather just droppin ' us abruptly.Loved cranky Uncle Morgan !!! Seems like there 's always a character like him in all of JG 's books . . It WORKS ! Keep it up JG . . you RAWK ! -LRB- with your Historical Romances that is -RRB- .
 I am a huge fan of Julie Garwood . I have read every single book of hers . But Ransom is deffinitely my favourite . Why I loved the book ? First of all , the heroine is not a weak , silly girl . She is strong and the way she behaves and holds herself when she is in pain was amazing . Second , I can feel the love between Brodick and Gillian every time I read the book -LRB- and I assure you , I have read this book for 4 times already -RRB- . Besides , every single dialog means something and I never got bored while I was reading the book . The third thing is deffinitely this is not only plain romance between 2 people but also there are intrigues and real conflicts pulling the reader in . There are always something happening through the book so you never get bored . I would like to say a little about why I didnt like the book but there is not even one reason !!! 100 % loved it !!!
 This by far is my favorite book by Gardwood and probably one of my top 10 favorite books of all time . I love the story and the characters so much ! I can read this book over and over and never get sick of it ! Wish Gardwood would go back to writing more stories in this time period . I just ca n't get into the current-time stuff !
 I loved this story !!! If you are like me and you reread all her stories this will be added . It did not lack or miss anything . I came away from this book with a smile on my face . `` Come the Spring '' and `` The Wedding '' just seemed to lack the depth that I 've come to expect from Julie Garwood and I was hoping and praying to see the old Julie back in evidence . It was wonderful . Now I would like to read all about Nicholas and Clare 's story from `` Saving Grace '' .
 This is the best Ms. Garwood has produced so far ! The characters are great , the suspense lasts to the end and there are surprise throughout the novel . Once again Ms. Garwood has convinced me she is the absolute best !
 I have this book on order . Of course I have n't read it yet but I have all of her books . I read them at least 2or 3 times a month . Keep up the excellent work . Thank you for the stories that women can daydream to .
 Anyone who has had the pleasure of reading Julie Garwood 's classic tale , THE SECRET , will remember the two lovable rogues , Brodrick Buchanon and Ramsey Campbell . Now they star in their own story . They are matched with obstinate women who are their destinies . Adding to the overall fun is the appearances of Ian Maitland and his spouse -LRB- no SECRET as to the title of the book where they are the stars -RRB- . The duo plays pivotal roles in propelling this story line forward . The plot is crisp , entertaining , and makes Medieval England seem real . Ms. Garwood 's sequel is clearly a keeper.Harriet Klausner
 The story really captivated me , I 've read it soooo many times . Highly recommend it .
 This book was by far one of Julie Garwood 's best works . It was touching and real in its story , and the Highlands are truly where heaven must start . It 's wonderful to catch up with old friends and enjoy a wonderful chapter in their lives !
 What a great read . The world of romance needs more strong , intelligent female characters like thise found in Garwood 's works .
 Thank you Ms. Garwood for such memorable characters and a book I just could n't put down . I will pay the cost of a hardcover when it 's as good as this .
 I love Julie Garwoods books and this was one of the best yet.If you have read The Secret , then this is the book for you .
 Ms Garwood is simply the best . I am thrilled she finally decided to go back to the Highlands . After THE SECRET -LRB- wonderful ! -RRB- I could n't wait to find out what happens to Brodick and Ramsey . I do hope Ms Garwood now gives us a sequel for THE WEDDING , I 'll be crossing my fingers .
 Ransom seems to be a continuation of some of her other stories . Finally , all of Garwood 's Lairds have found their soul mates . Ransom follows the same plot as her previous Scottish tales . This story line , however , was more predictable . Ransom lacked the Highland excitement that we all have come to love in Garwood 's work .
 Ransom seems to be a continuation of some of her other stories . Finally , all of Garwood 's Lairds have found their soul mates . Ransom follows the same plot as her previous Scottish tales . This story line , however , was more predictable . Ransom lacked the Highland excitement that we all have come to love in Garwood 's work .
 Spellbinding . Julie Garwood once again transported me to another time and place . Her books never fail to delight and entertain . My personal favorites are her tales of the Scottish Highlands . Encore !!
 This is an excellent book . A must read for all Garwood fans . Keep it up Ms Garwood !
 I 'm always happy with a Julie Garwood novel ... they keep me thoroughly entertained . I love being transported back in time and living every delicious detail .
 I found ransom a great read.Interesting from the first page to the last . It has both a story line and romance . A must read for all Garwood fans .
 Historical details are woven into the plot of this novel , which is about the romance between two English Navy officers in the 18th century .
 The prologue of the story was great I did n't get into the story till the 2nd or 3rd chapter . Personally felt like there was TOOO many characters to keep track of at the beginning . Not only were there 3 seperate lairds , there were 2 kids , there men and additional minor characters to keep track of . Most of them were ok but the extra warriers that Julie Garwood mentioned seemed inconcequential and unnecessary.The plot was interesting but to dilluted . The story began with Gillian , the main character , and her sister were sent out of their house because they were being attacked . Their father 's last dying wish for Christine -LRB- Gillian 's sister -RRB- was to take and hide the king 's treasure box . There was a struggle and Christine escaped , Gillian was captured by the evil Baron , and their father was killed . Years later , the evil Baron and an unknown Highlander were conspiring to kidnapp a boy named Michael , Laird Ramsy Sinclair 's brother . Instead , they kidnapped the wrong boy . They kidnapped another Laid 's son named Alec . Gillian meets Alec when she accidently finds him susspended by a thin rope over a cliff/gorge . Anywhoo , she saves him and he learns to trust him . After she distracts the evil Baron 's attention away from the boy , she recieves a severe beating . She finally escapes with the boy and calls upon Brodick Buchanan . But before she leaves , the evil Baron tells Gillian that he will hold her Uncle Morgan for ransom . . so she can find and bring her sister and the the treasure box.The story had a lot of tender moments , when she was getting her arm wound taken care of , Brodick sympathized with her ... well kinda and helped to hold her arm down . Or when he found out she was physically abused , he tried to do everything to get their names . Overall , just a good book . Mainly because of the extra needless characters and the too complicated plot twist . Furthermore , the climex was n't what it was supposed to be . The man is going against his word and essentially ` lying ' to her about going there and getting the evil baron 's butt kicked ... despite knowing about the ransom . And what does she do ?? Gets mad momentarily and forgets about it . The book would of been a lot better if this tirade did n't just make a big flop .
 This is a must read for any fiction reader , not just romance . I have re-read this book four times since it was published and still enjoy it . If you have never read a Garwood book , I would start here , then read The Bride , The Wedding , and the complete set of For The Roses series .
 I have never told my husband to leave me alone because I 'm not doing anything until I finish a book , but that is exactly what I did with this book . It ranks as one of the best fictional books I 've ever read . It had much more to the plot than any other Garwood book . The heoroine by far made the story . She was so courageous yet at the same time you loved her vulneralbe side . The villians in the book are the most dreadful of any romance that I 've read . I was dissappointed that the hero broke his word one time . In the end though it does n't matter . Brodick is a hero we love no matter what . This is a DEFINATE for lovers of romance . I loved that is was over 500 pages becaue I did not want it to end . Thanks Julie - You 've really outdone yourself this time .
 I love Julie Garwood books . I ca n't wait until her next one comes out . Ransom lke all of her book held my attention . Could not put it down . Took it everwhere with me . You become so involved with the main people . She makes them very real . You can picture just what they look like . It 's like a movie running in you head . I could not wait to see what happened next . This book like all of hers left me wanting more . I highly recomend this book to any one who like to read a good gripping story .
 Ransom is the best book written by Julie Garwood . Ever . The book featured everything a good historical romance novel needs to keep the reader enthralled . The plot was exciting . The pacing of events was perfect . I almost felt like I was watching a movie . I was n't even aware of turning the pages as I became more and more engrossed in what was taking place . All of the characters were well-rounded . Heroic , but human , strong , but flexible , etc. . They seemed like real people . A touch of humor could only make this recipe for romance a masterpiece . Throw this in your shopping cart and whip up some today , you 'll be thrilled with the results !
 I truly enjoyed this book and could n't put it down until I finished it . I was sorry it ended and I hope Garwood writes a sequel -- possibly with Ramsey as the main character . The relationship between Brodick and Gillian is so touching and I also enjoyed the love that little Alec had for Gillian . This is a definite keeper and I will probably read it again in a few months .
 Julie Garwood has written a number of books based on English ladies and Scottish lairds during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries such as The Bride , The Wedding , The Secret , Ransom and Saving Grace . The Secret was the first Garwood novel I read upon the recommendation of a friend . I really enjoyed that book and I was thrilled to learn that it had a sequel . That discovery happened five years ago and I keep coming back to these books and have to read them at least once a year , especially Ransom.Ransom concentrates on Brodick Buchanan and Ramsey Sinclair eight years after The Secret ends . Enter Lady Gillian who 's on a quest to find her sister and the treasure box in order to ransom her Uncle Morgan from the evil Baron Alford . By rescuing a Highland boy , she 's able to enlist the help of Brodick and his friend Ramsey . While trying to help Lady Gillian , Ramsey discovers he has problems of his own one of which is Bridgid KirkConnell . As luck would have it there is an happily ever after.Let 's face it , the characters are stereotypical and the plot predictable ; however , for me it 's the interaction and dialogue between the characters that keep me entertained . The witty banter is refreshing and Garwood even provides laugh-out-loud moments of pure mirth that will have others curious about what your reading .
 In my opinion that costly flaw is not necessarily with this book , nor this author but with her publishers refusing to have her books with speech to text feature.I really like Julia Garwood and I would definitely buy more of her work if it had this feature . I and many others only can read if it is a multy task operation.For instance I take the book into the room I am working in and Play is out loud as I work . Sort , of like books on tape or plug in and listen on the commute to work . I have had this book in my Kindle for at least a 1 year and have just taken the time to read.It 's a wonderful story . Has all the things I like in a romance . Laughter , humor , intrique , sorrow and triumphant love story and love scenes , but because of it 's ONE flaw I just now got to it . I can ; t afford to buy stories that I do n't have time to read . So , unless I already bought her story without this feature , I wo n't be purchasing any others.I can not recommend to anyone who wants to have text to speech feature . I know this is a costly error in the long run for I read a LOT and so do my FRIENDS.Consider Speech to Text PLEASE !!!!
 This is such a wonderful series and have read The Secret several times before I learned about the speech to text feature . I enjoyed listening to The Secret while working in my garden and was so disappointed that Ransom -LRB- My favorite -RRB- was not available with this feature as well . I love to return to these stories over and over and would gladly purchase them again if the speech to text feature was available .
 It was really good but Ramsey was hardly in it and it bothered me his appearance was only described as handsome and nothing more . And the girl was so dumb if she 'd stop declaring her love for Brodick for two seconds maybe she 'd realize she was married . But she was cool apart from that flaw . I liked where the story went .
 I love all her books , I have read them all . Eventually I will own them all . Keep going , thank you Mrs. Garwood .
 One of the best books I have read , it has a great hero and mean villain . One very brave heroine . I believe anyone that likes Knights of old will love this books .
 This book was so WONDERFUL ! You will NOT regret getting it at the least . BEst book of all times a must have for sure
 Absolutely love this book . Very suspenseful and intriguing book . Recommend it to everyone who likes mystery novels with a lot of suspense and twists and turns !
 Ransom by far is my favorite of all Julie Garwood 's Scottish series . She uses Broderick as the main character and his personality matches Gillian 's perfectly . I was happy to revisit the characters of Judith and Iain again .
 Loved this book . It 's a little more complex than some of her other books and has a good strong heroine and a yummy hero .
 Thats how I feel about my review , since so many have left great ones . But I still want to say I loved it . Will be reading it right after The Secret again and again . I 'm so glad I found Julie Garwood . I will be making it a point to purchase the rest of her books ASAP . I 've already bought 12 that are on my TBR shelf and am hoping her comtemporary romance will be as good as her historicals since I pretty much just grabbed everything w / her name on it lol .
 I 've read all of Ms. Garwoods books , and have rarely been disappointed . A few are not up to her standards , but they will still find an audience . The books I have disliked the most have been the few where the heroine was a silly whining ditz . The heroine in Ransom is beautiful , strong , intelligent , resilient but a little unrealistic . Our heroe is everything you could want in a man . My problem was that the plot , which was interesting , was at the expense of really developing the relationship between the heroine and heroe . And , may I be frank , the physical side of their relationship was not nearly as detailed or well explored as in some of Ms.Garwood 's earlier books . Including Ramsey and Bridget 's romance was an interesting aside , but I would have preferred that it had been a separate book so that it could have been more fully explored . While I do n't rate this book as her best , -LRB- that 's reserved for `` The Prize '' -RRB- I still found it to be a good read and recommend to others who enjoy Ms. Garwood .
 This book was great . I loved the characters , the story line , and all aspects of the book . I have read every book Julie Garwood has written , and she has not disappointed me yet . I look forward to her next book with much anticipation . Her Scottish material makes me want to visit Scotland , and see for myself the green and beauty of the Highlands . Keep writing about this area Ms. Garwood and keep books of this calibor coming to avid readers like myself . I personally Thank You .
 I love all of Julie Garwood 's books , but this was one of my favorites . She makes her characters funny and human as well as romantic . I laughed out loud at some of the situations they got into . I have read this one again and again . I wish Ms. Garwood would write more Scottish books .
 Ransom is the first Julie Garwood book I have read but definitely not the last . A friend left it on my desk at work and said I 'd love it ! I certainly was n't disappointed . I fell in love with the characters and the beautiful scottish highlands . As for the two main chacaters , Gillian ; firey , beautiful and determined . And Brodick , honourable , handsome , equally firey himself . The two - what a combination ! It was fast paced and kept me turning the pages way into the wee small hours . I ca n't wait to get my hands on more of Julie Garwoods books now .
 I loved the book the firs book I read That did not have a mass murder . I love it the story the mistery the romance . I could not put it down . Julie is a wonderful writer that gets right to the soul of people .
 This is by far the most engaging romance novel I have ever read . And read it I did ... almost in one sitting ! I could not put it down.I love Garwood 's intense descriptions both of the action between the characters and of the subtle emotions that take place behind each characters thinly veiled exteriors . The book is a fast read and is richly detailed.I was very excited to see that Ransom is a return to the characters already introduced in The Secret . I have n't read that book but I fully intent to go out and get it tonight !
 Ransom is a great story . Julie Garwood keeps you turning the pages so you wo n't miss out on the action . Gillian shows lots of courage and is a heroine who is witty and strong . She recognizes the short comings in herself and keeps her promises . Gillian is faced with many perils including meeting her hero , Broderick . He may not be the best leading character Garwood has created but he is certainly interesting . I love stories set in the Highlands and Garwood does a wonderful job of telling this story . It reads more like a mystery than a romance , however the story keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting for the next plot twist . If you like historical romances than this is the book for you .
 I absolutely loved this book ! Unfortunately , I read it before The Secret , where Brodick and Ramsey first appear . But hey , it was enough to make me go out , buy The Secret and read it in 3 days ! I thought it was very well written , I enjoyed the dialogue and thought that Brodick and Gillian 's love for one another was touching . It was sweet to see how love can change people for the better , which I think is true in real life ! I 'd recommend this to any romantic . I do wish they 'd given Ramsey and Brigid their own story -- especially since Ramsey was a big key to the story . It was a little hard to believe Ramsey falling for Brigid when their contact in the book was quite limited . All in all though , I thoroughly enjoyed Ransom . I 've read it twice in 3 months ! And , it spurred me to go out and buy 2 more of Garwood 's books !
 I really liked this one ! I read it , loved it , then proceeded to re-read The Secret -LRB- the first introduction of Brodick and Ramsey -RRB- as well as my entire Garwood collection -LRB- with the exception of the Roses series - yuck ! -RRB- . A minor downfall in the beginning -- there is maybe a little too much information to grasp . But alas , things pick up as Brodick and Gillian meet . I enjoyed Brodick 's character as I did in The Secret . I had a constant silly grin on my face throughout the majority of the book and much to my own embarassment , laughed out loud quite a few times . I did find Gillian a bit questionable , but could deal with that . She was fearless and courageous one minute and accident prone the next ? Whatever . I enjoyed the incessant dialogue and witty bantering of these characters much more than reading paragraph upon paragraph of blah , blah , blah . There were things I did n't understand such as the loose end of Gillian 's nightmares and a few other things.I agree that Ramsey and Brigid deserved their own novel and would have preferred the hint of a relationship forming in Ransom only to have it blossom into their own special story . All things considered , I highly enjoyed this book and did NOT want it to end , therefore I had to read it two more times ! Thank you Ms. Garwood !
 I absolutely love the way Julie Garwood writes and have been waiting a long time for a new book ! It seems whenever I am reading one of her stories , I just ca n't put the book down ! This one is no different ! I loved the story and rate it right up there with The Wedding as one of my all-time favorites ! The romance between Brodick and Gillian was so tender , and the fighting so fierce that the two parts complemented one another ! I can hardly wait for the next one !
 This is the first book I 've read by Ms. Garwood . She 's got me hooked !! I find it hard to put the book down . It 's not your typical romance , it 's got it all -- suspense , laugh-out-loud humor , and , of course , the reason we all read romances , steamy sex!Ms . Garwood is an excellent writer . The characters are well developed and her writing easily pulls you into the story . I highly recommend this book and will look for other books by her .
 I have enjoyed every book written by Julie Garwood . This one was no exception . My one complaint is I do n't think there was enough written about Ramsey and Bridgid . I think that would have been an amazing story . I hope she 'll get around to writting about them .
 To Ms. Garwood
 I 'm one of those people who says she would n't be caught dead with a romance novel . Imagine my surprise when a friend loaned this to me and told me it was a mystery , which she knows I love and I finally relized it was a romance ! Julie Garwood lovingly developes her characters ; she interests , involves and excties this reader and tells me a wonderful story . I ran right out and bought the `` prequel '' `` The Secret '' wherein we meet the Maitland clan and many of `` Ransom 's '' characters . My note to Ms Garwood is , ` Please , please ' , take us home with Gillian Buchannan to the places and people she has not met , and keep us in touch with the Sinclairs and the Maitlands . A trilolgy would be such a joy !!
 This book took off from the very first page and it never let up . I would n't expect any different from Julie Garwood . She is one of the most talented writers of our time . I felt as if I was in the Highlands from her descriptions . I loved the characters , Brodick and Gillian . You could just feel the love and desire between the two of them . I enjoyed this book and you will too .
 I have just recently finished reading Ransom . It is by far the best book I have ever read . The author really knows how to get the reader in the book . I felt every one of the carachters emotions . I could not put the book down . At the end of every chapter , I had to keep reading because I was in suspense . The storyline was very interesting and the landscape very descriptive . The love between Brodick and Gillian was so strong that it made them seem invisible . It was simply amazing . Thank you .
 It 's hard to choose which one of Ms. Garwoods books are the best . This one is no exception ... It keeps your attention from the very first page . I love how you can read her books and know the characters from other books and catch up on what has been going on with them yet if you have ` nt read any of the other books you would ` nt know that they are not new characters . I ca n't wait for the next book !!!!!
 i thoroughly enjoyed the book . it was funny and i just fell in love with the heroes and the heroines . it was a book worth waiting for . i really liked the chemistry between Brodick and Gillian . They sounded like they were made for one another . As i 'm such a fan of romantic comedies , this one goes to one of my must-haves . i really loved it .
 If you liked `` The Bride '' or `` The Wedding '' -LRB- both by Garwood -RRB- this is a must read ! We meet again in this novel Iain & Judith Maitland , as well as Ramsey and a new cast of friends . This book will make you laugh and cry with the characters . They hero and heroine are so vivid they almost seem to walk right out of the pages to tell you their story .
 `` Ransom '' is a delicate tapestry of intrigue , suspense , passion , and love . Garwood authored a beautiful tale that grabbed my interest and kept it until the very last page . My only wish was that she had split the dual stories into two books and would love to see an additional book about Ramsey and Bridgid .
 I have long time been a fan of Julie Garwood . There are some books I do n't care for that seemed to do well in the mass market , * cough * for the roses . This book is probably one of my all time favorites of Ms. Garwood 's work . I love the Secret which is probably on of the reason 's I like this book . Revisiting old characters , humor , and a bit of mystery are the perfect ingredients for Ms. Garwood 's work . The main characters are strong , flawed , and loyal . I wish Ms. Garwood would return to her true talent and background , the highlands .
 this book was the first garwood book ive ever read and i can not put into words how amazing it is . its a light read and has tons of humor in it , which is a big plus for me . i loved all of the characters ... i loved everything about the book ! it is without a doubt one of my favorites , as are most of her other books ... i definitely reccomend saving grace ... it is a must read , as is this one !
 I 'll skip the synopsis since many of the reviews have already thoughtfully provided them . : -RRB- After reading The Secret , I knew I just had to pick up its sequel . Brodick was such an interesting character . I feel as though this book dulled Brodick 's personality . Throughout the book , I kept hoping that Julie Garwood would show more facets of Brodick 's character . Also , I was hoping that she would provide more details about Ramsey and how he found love . The brief glimpses you see of Ramsey and Bridgit are the same scene on repeat . It 'd be better if she took out Ramsey 's story or make another novel out of it . It would be much more appealing . I 'm not saying that this is n't a great love story . It just lacks some of the finer points that have been in her other novels .
 This was only my 2nd book by Julie Garwood , followingThe Secret , and I think I found a new -LRB- to me -RRB- author to glom . I just LOVED these books!Brodick Buchanan was a secondary character inThe Secretthat had `` hero '' tattooed on his forehead , so I was more than happy when I found out thatRansomwas `` his '' book . He was the typical alpha hero and we all know what happens when this kind fall in love . They fall hard and forever , but not always have the grace of acknowledging the fall , LOL . Brodick was just like that , and it was funny to see him trying to deal with it . When he told Gillian that SHE loved HIM , I giggled like a schoolgirl . And when he tricked her into marrying him , I laughed like a lunatic . That was one short-lived Big Misunderstanding I had no problem with . `` On a horse ? I was married on a horse ? '' Too funny ! I doubt Brodick would get away with his antics in real life but he just turned out to be one of my favorite heroes in Romancelandia.Gillian was perfect match for Brodick . She did n't need to be coddled , which was refreshing when it comes to heroines in Romancelandia . Not that she was harsh or anything like that , she was just strong and independent . And yet , once she fell in love with Brodick , she was n't afraid to admit she needed him to make her happier and she enjoyed talking and sharing her feelings with him . If I have a minor quibble about her , it 's her behavior near the end of the story , when she almost drove her uncle crazy with her crying over Brodick
 Now , when most people think of Historical Romances , they would n't be necessarily wrong if they lumped it all into the Harlequin Romance genre . But a well-written Historical Romance or HR for future reference , can be a beautiful thing ! I never read an HR for the sexual content , as is the first comment I get when I tell them I 'm reading this genre . The sexual content is least of what interests me , if at all ! A well written HR explores much more ! It is usually a study in period norms which includes dress , habits , transport , architecture , literature , art , lifestyle , fashions , speech , vocabulary , historical facts and characters loosely or not so loosely based in fiction , etc. !!! Julie Garwood captures these features in her characters with Ransom ! She has a truly refreshing take on the dashing knight and the princess-in-need-of-rescue theme ! ... www.ramblingsofbookworms.blogspot.com
 I am a Julie Garwood fan and have read most of her books . I especially like her historical fictions books . THIS BOOK IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE !!! I have read it many times . When one paperback copy fell apart , I purchased the book again . The love story of Brodick and Gillian is just great . Although the book also has a secondary romance between Ramsey and Brigid , it 's really Brodick and Gillian 's story . They click on all levels . I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a great romance , historical romance , Highland romances , Julie Garwood , etc. , etc. , etc. .
 I 've had this book for so long now and I just kept passing it up to read others . After reading The Secret last week , I decided I would go ahead and read it . I thought it was so long that I would definitely get bored , but to my pleasant surprise , I never did . The story just kept moving and it did n't get bogged down with musings over the same emotions , as often happens . I wish I had known Brodick just a little better . Other than that , the other characters were well developed and I cared about them . Very enjoyable and a quick read .
 I love this book so much that I tell my girlfriends to get their own copy ... cuz I 'm not sharing mine ! I have re-read it a dozen times and find something new to enjoy each time . This book takes you on a journey , so be prepared to settle in and let it unfold at it 's own pace . It 's well worth it . The plot is engaging , the characters strong , and there 's enough hot-steamy-stuff to keep you warm at night . You will be enthralled by the chemistry between the lead characters , be charmed by a little boy , and wish you could lay your heads on a man like Brodick . Great summer reading !
 Excellent I loved it !! I could not put it down !!! I was great to see more of Broderick and Ramsey
 This book is one of my favorites . It is destined to be a classic .
 I read this book last year yet did n't write a `` review '' for it right away . I did n't know exactly what to rate it then . I read it the second time today and finally realized that I have mixed opinions about this book . One minute , I am loving each page ... then next minute , I am somehow full of uncontentment . I do n't want to say that I am totally disappointed in this book because I am not . It 's just that there are many things I preferred would have turned out differently . Like for instance , I strongly feel that Ramsey Sinclair and Bridgett deserve their own book . Their love story was too endearing to be hastily combined with Brodicks and Gillian . In THE SECRET -LRB- prequel of this book -RRB- , Ramsey was described as the most handsome of the three Laird friends -LRB- Iain , Brodick & Ramsey -RRB- . He was always composed , nonchalant & roguish . Therefore , he deserves to have a longer story line . His love story would have truly been a fascinating read . I was also disappointed in how Julie Garwood twisted Christen 's character in the end . It was too sad for me to know that after all the childhood closeness of Gillian and Christen , they had to go on seperate ways in the end . I do n't want to ruin it for others but I simply must mention this part so that readers will be prepared . Perhaps I expected a warm reunion that is why I was devastated by Christen 's decision . It was dreadfully annoying considering all the search and all the hard works Gillian put in just to find her ... It was rather selfish of Christen to only think of her own self . Not even asking about her sister 's sacrifices . Gillian went through a lot more than her ! No matter how scared I would be to be in Christen 's situation , I truly would still prefer to have a relationship with my sister . I would be happy to see her - I would n't act the way Christen did . I also found it a bit unbelievable that Christen would rather not have anything to do with Gillian considering their closeness once before . What hurt would it do for Julie Garwood to simply soften this part up and made it a warm reunion between sisters ? I mean , There were so many protectors involved in this book ! What is one more Lady to protect , huh ? Oh well , that 's just a small niggle in my part . Others might not have a problem with this.As for Gillian and Brodick , their love story was unique and electrifying . I do n't have any problems with their romance and developement . I enjoyed their banters ! I enjoyed their adjustment to each other -LRB- esp . Gillian 's adjustment to the Highlands and to Brodick 's clan who live like a Spartan-now that was a riot ! -RRB- . I love the Buchanan clan . They are all fierce , possessive , protective and BEARY lot . Gillian is a strong & courageous Lady . Truly what Brodick deserves.Since I love the prequel of this book , The SECRET , I enjoyed reading updates of Judith and Iain . I love the part wherein their son was involved in the plot . It was unexpected and the conclusion was heart warming . The action/mystery twist of this book was also exciting . It did n't overshadow the romances involved but added a tasty spice to it all . Overall , RANSOM was an interesting & worthy read despite some of my small complaints above . However , compared to THE SECRET , this one could n't past as one of `` Julie Garwood 's Best '' .
 I love Julie Garwood books , especially ones that are set in the medieval era as this one is . I remember having read this book well over 10 years ago , but I was most likely too young to appreciate and fully comprehend the storyline at the time -LRB- I say this only because I seem to only remember the prologue before I realized I had read this book in the past and knew I had liked it then but did not recall the rest of the story -RRB- . This book DID NOT disappoint the seond time around . I enjoyed it so much I had to go back and re-read some of the chapters in the beginning that really made an impression on me . I loved the fact that the heroine , Lady Gillian , knew and readily admitted her love for Brodick Buchanan without hesitation each time he asks her , even though he never fully tells her his feelings . She is a strong character who is not afraid to stand up for what she believes in and protect the people she loves , yet is a gentle lady and appreciates everyone around her . The young boy Alec is so endearing ... if this was a movie , I 'd say he stole the scenes in which he was in . I can almost picture and hear him asking `` you know what ? '' . I would have loved a separate book on Ramsey though . I feel he got cheated out of having his own story :--LRB- .
 I have to admit I 'm really not a Julie Garwood fan , But Ransom is the Jewel of the collection . It was an excellant adventure.Gillian , a stubborn and willful woman has to go and find her sister Christian in the Highlands to retrieve Arianna 's box for the horrendous Baron Alford in order to save her Uncle Morgan . Arianna 's box is this magnificent jeweled box King John had commissioned for his mistress Arianna based on this legend . Arianna was murdered and the box stolen . King John has been searching for years , Baron Alford is obsessed with the box and wants to find it so he can get the reward for himself . Alford attacked Gillian 's home Devanshire and killed her father . Christian had gotten away but Gillian was trapped . Now she 's right in the middle of the tangled web of chaos . This is where she runs into Alec Maitland , a little boy of five years old who is about to fall off a cliff . Her and Alec escape from Devanshire to try to make it to Brodrick , Alec 's Uncle and champion.Brodrick is a warrior who does not compromise . He is strong , willfull , and just as stubborn as Gillian . They make a pretty interesting couple.There are two love stories in this book . The second couple is Ramsey Sinclair , new and young laird of the Sinclairs , and Brigid KirkConnell . The book mainly focuses on Brodrick and Gillian , but Ramsey and Brigid are definietly there too.You wo n't be disappointed with Ransom . It truly is a good book , it has the right amount of everything.This is a book I would read again .
 I am so impressed with the novel , Ransom , by Julie Garwood . The main characters Gillian and Brodick were such a delight to read about . They were so funny together . My favorite scene was when Father Flanaggen announced to Gillian , Brodicks trickery . I laughed so hard . Julie Garwood brings the characters to life with this read . I felt I was watching it the whole time . I am going to read this one again in the near future . And I do n't ever read novels twice . Pick this one up , you will be glad you did .
 I 've read many of Julie 's books and although I 've never read one of her books that I did n't like , this is one of my two favorites , the other is The Bride ! They story is well told and includes many storylines . Ramsey 's love story is the weakest but like Lady Gillian , he did n't impress me as much as Brodick ! Believe me , if your a fan of Julie 's books , you 'll enjoy Ransom
 41/2 stars . I found this to be a very enjoyable book and it kept me interested throughout . From the first page I was hooked . It was fast paced , funny , entertaining and romantic . I loved the relationship between Gillian and Brodick because it evolved and was n't forced . Yes they fell in love quickly , unbeknownst to the both of them , but it was n't contrived as in some cheesy romances I 've read . It was inevitable that they were going to be attracted to one another b/c they had so much chemistry . There is so much to this story that I wo n't break down the plot for you as others have done . I 'll just say that the plot was really good and there was a also good sense of mystery involved . I also liked the secondary characters in the book such as Ramsey Sinclair , Brigid and Ian Maitland . I think the love story between Ramsey and Brigid could have been made into their own book and that the end of their story was tied up so neatly and cut off , but it was still good nonetheless . I loved when Ramsey asked her who she was in love with and she told him , without really telling him . . `` I ca n't tell you that LAIRD/RAMSEY '' she 'd say . He he he.I loved Gillian 's character . Although she was `` stubborn '' and `` tough '' in her own right , it was n't overboard . It was just right . Brodick is sexy , rough , confident and a ruffian ... all perfect for a hero . This is a must read for any romance fans .
 I discovered Julie Garwood by accident and I 've gone through most of her books in record time . This is one of the sweetest little stories around . If you 're only interested in raw sex , look somewhere else . If you want romance , interesting and endearing characters , a good story , and if you like `` braw '' Scottish Lairds with a tender side , this is the book for you .
 Now this is my first 5 star rating ever . I loved this book and it ranks right up there with the Outlander by Diana Gabaldon . It may even be better.The characters were so well developed . You could n't help but love them.The only very minor drawback was the plot perhaps . Seemed like it would n't have taken much to avoid the whole quest and save the uncle -LRB- who probably did n't need much saving in hindsight -RRB- , therefore avoiding the whole search for the sister and Arianna 's box . But there were enough side plots and romance to make this such a minor drawback , and the characters carried the whole story , even young Alec , who reminds you of every little boy you 've ever known.I found this book thoroughly enjoyable and the double romance was totally refreshing.This is my first book by this author , and it certainly wo n't be my last . It was compelling , an easy , pleasant read , and took me all of a night on a plane in Iraq to finish it . I have to say , `` splendid characterization , '' and I loved how much it made me laugh . I 'll be reading this one again and again to see just how Garwood accomplished so much in such a short amount of space . I wanted an epic of these characters by the time she was done .
 I absolutely loved this book and could not put it down . The heroine - Gillian - was full of courage and did n't back down when faced with problems . Laird Buchanen - the hero - is all man - but you can feel how much he cares for Gillian . At the same time - there are 3 or 4 other storylines taking place that culminate in the resolution of Gillian 's main problem - will she get to see her sister ? does she find the treasure ? how will she get Alec to his home after he is kidnapped ? who is the traitor to the Sinclairs ? and more ! I read this book in 2 sittings - and it left me feeling happy !
 I anticipated this book when I heard the slightest mention of it 's release . To my own emmense satisfaction , this book lived up to it 's level of excellence as with every other Julie Garwood romance . I found Gillian to be one of the best heroines I have ever met , she is brave , honest , loving , and loyal . I came in expecting only the best , and am glad to say Julie Garwood delivered just that .
 `` Ransom '' was my first Julie Garwood novel and I am now a devoted fan . Garwood 's a true story teller ! The characters in this wonderful story are so deep and real that the reader can truly relate . Gillian and Bridgid are strong , yet extremely feminine and lovable . Gillian is such an amazing woman ; I love the way she is so brave one minute and so vulnerable the next . The men are real men and as rough as they may seem , they epitomize the feudal code . Always ready to fight the honorable fight , never backing down in the face of trouble . I also love the way Garwood keeps you guessing through the whole book . She has a method of writing that wo n't allow you to drop the book . From the first page , you are already in the middle of an adventure and in love with the characters . I look forward to reading more from Julie Garwood .
 Garwood 's book has always intrigued me from the beginning to the end . This book was no different . Loved this book from the first chapter to the last . A very good book . One of her better books . I would strongly recommand this book to anyone .
 I am a very dedicated Julie Garwood fan and loved this sequel to `` The Secret '' ! It was very well written and it was so very wonderful to visit Ian and Judith again . If you like Ms. Garwood 's other books , you 'll love this one !
 I always enjoy Julie Garwood 's books . Ransom has an evil baron who murdered the heroine 's father before her eyes years ago and now holds her captive until forcing her to do his bidding . Learning he 's involved with a clan traitor and had a child kidnapped , she bravely saves the boy at great cost to herself . She and the boy reach the Highlands . As a sure way to bring his warrior protector , she calls herself the bride of the Buchanan ; a daunting , fierce giant of a Laird whom all fear . She 's like no other woman he 's met . She has to save her uncle from the evil baron by finding her sister who has hidden safely in the Highlands thus far and outwit the baron . Ramsey 's and Bridget 's story could have been given more time but a great read . It stands on my keeper shelf .
 Ransom was a great Julie Garwood book . I just purchased the book a couple of days ago and started to reading it ! That plot was amazing and I just loved how Julie Garwood used previous characters from `` The Secret '' . It was entertaining and a great read . Too bad , she did n't concentrate on Ramsey 's and Bridget 's love story as much as Brodrick 's and Gillian 's love story . If you loved `` The Secret '' , you must read this book ! The book is worth to buy . You just want to read it again and again .
 I loved this book ! This is one of those stories that I really hated to see end . The characters had wonderful personalities and I found myself laughing out loud quite often . I would love to see a sequel with Ramsey & Brigid & bring all of the original characters back !
 This book offered the perfect escape from the daily grind - I loved it . From the beginning , the story captured my attention and held it to the very end . The dialogue was smart and sparkled with humor . I 'm often bored with romance novels ... but this one was great .
 I have read all of Julie Garwood 's book 's and I wait eagerly for the next to come out . When I start reading these books , I forget all about my home , husband even my troubles . I love her characters and especially the one 's like in `` The Bride '' , which is my favorite of her books . But they all are great . She is my favorite author !!!
 This is one book that never get old . I own it but just had to have for my Kindle . Now it goes where I go . Timeless classic.A must have for any collection .
 After reading The Secret , which I absolutely loved , I decided to read Ransom . Wow - I was not disappointed . Julie Garwood delivers once again . It was great to meet up with Iain and Judith and all the great characters from The Secret . One of my favorite parts of Ransom is the interaction between Gillian and the little boy Alec -LRB- Iain and Judith 's son -RRB- . It was so well written and emotional . The dialogue between the little boy and Gillian and then when they are saved , was great !!! The heroes Brodrick and Ramsey were easy to fall in love with , although Iain by far is my favorite Laird . They were strong and fierce but yet soft when it came to their women . The love story and chemistry between Brodrick and Gillian was fantastic . Both characters were very likeable . Garwood is a genius in stirring up the readers emotions . I laughed , I cried , and I had butterflies in my stomach . This was a great fast-paced romance novel with an enjoyable storyline . The characters jumped off the page . I was sad to once again say good bye to these wonderful characters that Garwood with her wonderful story telling brought to life !
 this was my first book written by her and It kept me going to buy all of her books . the historial fact are great and you ca n't tell what going to happen next . Enjoyed it !
 I think my favorite parts of this story involve how the different clans had to work together , here . I feel like we never got to see the fabled Buchanan Spartans , though , which was a bummer for me.Sweet story with one and a half heroines and one and a half heroes . Couple of surprises and highlanders who were , predictably , clueless about their feelings.I think these stories have been charming but I perhaps need to space my reading of them so that they do n't feel so similar.Still , a good story , involving and fun and one that leaves you with the &#34; Awww ... &#34; and &#34; Finally ! &#34; there at the end . : -RRB-
 I had this book in paperback and just HAD to buy it on my Kindle so I 'd have it wherever I went.I 've loved this story ever since I picked it out of my mom 's bookshelf back home . It 's filled with love , strength , and just enough fantasy to keep me dreaming.Love this book .
 My all time favorite book ... just had to add it to my collection ... love it ... read it over and over ... lets me go back in time to another place ...
 I love this book ! It is funny , suspenseful , sad and romantic . It has it all . I like how Julie Garwood writes a book for each set of couples . Bodick and Gillian are my favorite characters , but I really love all of Garwood 's characters .
 I became so involved that I had trouble setting it aside . I certainly did n't get anything else done while I was reading this book !
 Great read - could not put it down ! Julie Garwood has done it again & provided the reader with another great highland tale !
 Absolutely loved this book ! The story , characters , romance ! Garwoods generally make me fall in love . Definitely be purchasing all her books . She has a wonderful sense of humor .
 I love , love , love this book ! It really feels like there are two books in one . The first half of the book the heroine is taking rescuing and caring for a small boy . The second half she is seeking her sister . I really enjoy the first half the most . Julie Garwood has caputured a 4 year 's questions , comments and actions perfectly.I 've worn out my copy of this book and keep it together with tape . Hope it comes out on Kindle so I can re-read it there !
 I thought this book was unlike most of Garwood 's historical books . I liked the strong character for Gillian and that she was a hero way before she met Brodick . Her adventures rescuing the boy was a wonderful lead-in and I loved that Garwood showed much strength in her character by withstanding incredible pain and sorrow . She complimented Brodick and was his equal . I liked Brodick 's character because he was n't brooding like most of the male characters in Garwood 's books . He was likeable right away and very tender towards Gillian even in the beginning . I liked that Garwood gave Gillian 's character many opportunities to show her courage and strength and the admiration she garnered from Brodick 's men . Wonderful book to the end !
 This is a must read ! You do n't even have to like historical . Excellent story . I have read this so many times my book fell apart and I went to buy hard cover .
 Garwood is one of my favorite historical romance authors -LRB- her contemporaries are n't as good , but that 's another review -RRB- . Her stories are funny and `` light '' -LRB- not as emotionally wrenching as other historical romance authors can be -RRB- , and I always feel good when I finish one . The only books that get 5 stars from me are those that are keepers -LRB- rereads -RRB- . This one fits that definition . The tension/romance between the h/h is just right , with plenty of witty dialogue and romantic love scenes . That said , sometimes the secondary romance in this novel slowed it down a tad . Other than that , it was one of my favorites .
 I read this while I was really , really sick , so my first complaint is that the book -LRB- I have the hardcover -RRB- was WAY too heavy . LOLBut that does lead me to an actual complaint -- it was a good story , but it dragged on too long , and got repetitious in spots . I loved the interaction between the h/h , but they had the same argument with nothing resolved too many times -- I accept that people do this in real life , but in a book , showing it to the readers once should do the trick.It was also two romances in one , and the two stories were n't well intertwined . Although we 're told that the two heroes were friends , and we see the two heroines become friends , there 's not much interaction between the pairs.My other complaint is that , oddly though it seems from my complaint that the book was too long , there was a lot left out . For example , we jump from the heroine 's escape to someone informing the hero 's men that his bride has arrived . It yanked me out of the story for a page or two while I surmised that that must have been the heroine 's plan to enlist his aid , though why or how she came up with that plan is never explained , and since the rest of the story hinges on that , it 's a real weak spot.That 's not the only time I felt that way , either . It 's obviously a sequel , because when several characters were introduced , I swear I could read `` pause for applause '' between the lines.Complaints out of the way , it was a good story . A little too complex to easily sum up here , but the main heroine is strong and brave and honorable and never once disguises herself as a boy , and the hero just makes me grin . Clueless , gruff , and -- get this ! -- he falls in love with her because he 's impressed with her , not because she 's `` the most beeeyouteeful woman he 's ever seen . '' For that , I 'll forgive a book a lot . Like her sister , who just disgusted me no end -- I could n't believe they shared genes . The secondary story was cute but predictable , and could have been developed better , IMO .
 The story was interesting and complex , the characters were likeable , and there was plenty of romance . This book contains some characters from The Secret , which was also a heart-warming story .
 So I love Julie Garwood . Her books are great , however this one is just good . I do feel that it lacked a bit of emotion between Brodick and Gillian . They do n't meet until page 130 ! More info needed to be in there about Brigid and Ramsey , it would have made the ending have more of an impact ! Anyways , it 's still good and worth the read , just not as good as The Bride or Saving Grace ! Just started reading Honor 's Splendour .
 Beautifully written ! I finished the book in a day and reread it again the next day , that was how good it was !!! A must read ! If you do n't believe me , read it for yourself ! Ms. Garwood is one of my favorite authors !
 I have read and reread this book many times and it never fails to be an excellent read . Brodick and Gillian were a great match . I 've read all of Julie Garwoods historicals and they are all great . Most are funny and I end up laughing throuhout , at the antics of some of her characters.Nothing she writes can compare to those stories and I certainly wish she would at least write a few sequences to possibly Ransom , The Bride , Honor Splendor or Prince Charming . I have a book shelf filled with her earlier work . So many today are writing romantic mysteries etc and although she is good at those she is not great in my estimation . Please , Please write some of the historicals , I for one , would be first in line to purchase them
 I recommended to anyone who has n't read Julie Garwood work . She is a great author and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Julie Garwood 's -LRB- Ransom -RRB- , is one of my favorite historical romances , filled with mystery , intrigue , romance , and humor , it is a great read . I loved how Brodick used trickery to marry Gillian , and when she found out later , it was one of the most hilarious scenes . The mystery of the box that her father left , and how it was because of that box that her life and her family 's life was torn apart . There is also the story of Ramsey integrated very well with the story of Brodick and Gillian . And the relationship between Ramsey and Brigdet , also has its great memorable moments . Not to forget the action/adventure that complement the plot perfectly , as Gillian and Brodick set out to free Gillian 's captive uncle from the villian of the story , and to find Gillian 's missing sister in order to find the lost box . All the characters from Brodick , to Gillian , to Ramsey play an intergral part of the story . Excellent !
 I think Garwood did a better job here than in the Secret ... INTRODUCTION WITH PROLOGUE
 Having read most of Julie Garwood 's books , this is by far one of my favorites -LRB- I 'd also recommend the Wedding -RRB- . It is a highly suspenseful story with many twists that will hold you enthralled in it 's grasp ! The characters are strongly developed and it was a very good read .
 I do believe Julie Garwood is quickly becoming my favorite Romance writer . This was the 2nd one of her books I have read and I am headed to the library to get another one . But I messed up . I read Ransom and now am headed to get Secrets , which is opposite of how I should have read them . There is love , humor , sadness , adventure , etc. in Ransom . I loved Brodick being good looking but not with the the best of personalities , infact he has a hard personality . Gillian was strong , beautiful , carrying , and devoted . It is a great read !
 I have read all of Julie Garwood 's book and find that while this one is a pleasant read and a good read , it is not up to the level of her great books . I preferred her other works such as the Secret , The Bride ... etc.The fundamental problem with this book is that while there are two romances , only one is developed fully . I found myself wishing for more interactions between Bridget and Ramsey and for more of a storyline for them.Still though ... if you like Garwood you will like this one . Note that I still gave it 4 stars ! : -RRB-
 Fiesty female , bullheaded , arrogant male with a very good but sometime predictable storyline . Is there to be a book about Ramsey and Bridgid ? Hope so !
 I loved this . Brodick and Gillian were surely meant for each other . And , of course , Ramsey found his Bridget .
 I 've had ` RANSOM ' in my possession for less than one week , and I 'm reading it for the second time . I ca n't tell you how wonderfully written this novel is , so you 'll just have to read it to find out . ` RANSOM ' is the sequel to ` THE SECRET ' , which is my favorite book ever . I ca n't read any other author but Julie Garwood . So I go on re-reading her novels until she comes out with a new one . You 'll enjoy this one .
 This book and `` Come the Spring '' are well written , but are n't as funny as her other books . I love her books because they make me laugh out loud , and , while Ransom was very well written , it did n't have the laughter in it that `` The Bride '' or `` The Secret '' did . Maybe next time ...
 As always , Ms. Garwood delivers another page turner . I have yet to be disappointed by one of her books and look forward to the release of each one . I only wish they were delivered more frequently !!!!
 I have always loved Julie Garwood 's books and am ALWAYS waiting for her to come out with something new . Ransom is not one of her best books , but it was still good . She is such an exceptional writer that it seems hard for her top what she 's already done . The characters Brodick and Gillian seemed to be missing something . They just did n't seem like they were as well suited for each other as some of the characters from her other novels . I was actually more interested in Ramsey and Gillian and really think they deserved their own book . That would be a GREAT story , I think .
 Julie Garwood is one of my favorite authors . I loved this follow up to The Secret , however I too was disappointed that Ramsey and Brigid did not have their own story . I am looking forward to Ms. Garwood 's next book and sincerely hope it is a follow up to The Wedding . It is so much fun to go back and `` visit '' with favorite charecters .
 Thank you ! Thank you Julie Garwood !! I was hoping you would write about Brodick and Ramsey . I loved The Secret . It is my all time favorite . Now I think I will Have a problem choosing between the two . I love the way Julie writes . So romantic ! I am looking forward to the next masterpiece.Pam Schneider
 It was wonderful , I could hardly wait to get home and read it . I was thrilled to find out what happend with Judith and Frances Catherine . Ms Garwood is my favorite author . This was truly one of Ms. Garwoods finest books .
 I loved every page of this book , I very much enjoyed the tie in with the Maitlands clan . I read this book in a weekend , and have re-read it again and again . I would recommend this book to any romance reader .
 I could not put this book down . I loved the romance and intrigue . I really missed Julie Garwood , and I think she has another winner with this one . I 'm glad I got to revisit Iain and Judith , as well as the whole Maitland clan . And Brodick and Ramsey-they are to die for ! Only in your fantasies can a woman admit she likes the handsome , strong , and laconic type . I was actually disappointed when the story ended because I wanted to see what happened next . How was Ramsey and Bridgid 's wedding ? Did Brodick build Gillian a house ? I wish there were another sequel .
 This was my second Garwood book and I loved it just as much as the first one -LRB- The Secret -RRB- . This time Brodick Buchanon and Ramsey Sinclair from The Secret are the heroes with a brief appearance by Judith and Iain . In a plot to kidnap Ramsey 's younger brother , Iain and Judith 's son , Alec , is taken by mistake . Lucky for him , a young woman , Gillian , is also being held . Baron Alford believes she knows where a certain box belonging to King John is and he will stop at nothing to get it first . After beating Gillian and threatening her uncle 's life , she is sent to find her sister . When Baron Alford killed her father when she was a child , she and her sister were given the box and sent into hiding . The two children were separated and Gillian never saw her again . If she did n't find the box and return it , Baron Alford threatened to torture and kill her uncle . Knowing that Alec 's true identity would cause the baron to kill him , she escapes with him and hands him over to Brodick . Of course it was attraction at first sight and the fun begins here . There were many humorous parts and I loved seeing Gillian stand up to Brodick at every turn . There was a secondary romance between Ramsey and Bridgit that could have very easily been made into its own book . These two books have made me a big fan of Julie Garwood .
 I loved this story.If you have read the story `` The Bride '' by Julie Garwood this story is a must . This is Brodrick and Ramsey 's story.In this story the characters are wonderfully developed . The women are strong and are not weak little push overs . This is evident when Gillian 's arm is treated , as well as when Birgid and Gillian foil the soldiers who just want a `` little kiss '' from them.In this story Gillian helps to save a little boy -LRB- I wo n't spoil it for you -RRB- while trying to solve a very old mystery about `` Adrianna 's Box '' , find her sister and keep her Uncle safe as well as herself . Enter the highlanders - Alec , Brodrick and Ramsey who are uniquely drawn into the story . They are all lairds of their own land now and it is interesting how JG shows that they are all still good friends even though they are very different and their `` ruling '' style is very different.I do n't want to say to much about this but there is romance , lots of laughter , courage , humor -LRB- if the little boy had said `` You know what '' once more I think everyone would have had to throttle him -RRB- and love woven in around the fierceness of the situation ... I have read the book -LRB- 5 + stars -RRB- and also listened to the tape -LRB- the abridged one is about 3 stars , as it looses a lot of the depth to the story -RRB- .
 Ransom by Julie Garwood is only my second book by this author -LRB- the first being Heartbreaker which is more contemporary but nonetheless very good -RRB- . Overall this book is simply wonderful , heartwarming , romantic , exciting ... I could go on forever . I would recommend this book to any mystery , romance , historical fiction lovers out there . Judging from my first two Julie Garwood novels , she is a very talented author and I look forward to enjoying much more of her work . I have already placed three of her novels on order at my local library.Ransom is the story of Lady Gillian , whose father is killed and family destroyed when she is only five and Baron Alford invades her home . She is separated from her sister Christen , who flees into Scotland for protection . Gillian remains in England with her Uncle Morgan . When she grows up , her uncle is held for ransom until Gillian can find Arriana 's box , King John 's missing treasure that holds the clue to who killed his one true love . Gillian has reason to believe that her sister has the box , so she escapes the baron with a kidnapped Scottish boy , Alec . They head to Scotland to find Christen , and fall together with the laird and a few soldiers of the Buchanan clan . Gillian falls in love with the laird , Brodick.Also included included in the storyline is the romance of Ramsey Sinclair and Bridgid , although it plays a disappointingly secondary role to the main romance between Brodick and Gillian . Between searching for her sister , finding a traitor in the midst of the Sinclair clan whom only Gillian can recognize , and falling in love , the plot is amazing in its complexity . The setting feels utterly real and the dialogue is witty and entertaining . -LRB- I especially love the conversations between Alec and Gillian because it makes Alec innocently lovable while being realistic - hey , all five year olds talk practically nonstop about the most mundane things and then say all the things they should n't ! After all my praise , I must add one tiny complaint . The first few chapters are very hard to get through . I was completely confused as to what was going on with Gillian and Alec -LRB- why was he hanging off a cliff , why was Gillian chasing him , how did Gillian come to know about Alec being held prisoner , etc. -RRB- . Maybe I missed a few hidden clues about what was happening , but it took me a few chapters for everything to make sense and at the time I was getting very frustrated . Perhaps Julie Garwood was attempting to try something different by plunging right into the action , but I feel she could have started at the beginning and the effect could have been the same if not better . This might also have prevented a few readers from giving up in the beginning . However , once everything clicks into place , this book is awesome . I loved it and stayed up till 2 in the morning reading . ***** Also , I shall be going back to read The Secret , which I have discovered is the prequel to this , centering on Iann and Judith , who are the parents of Alec and minor characters in Ransom . I look forward to it !
 This was actually two romances in one -- although the Gillian-Brodick romance takes center stage , and the Bridgid-Ramsey relationship develops in the margins . But you wo n't mind.Like the other reader who would have liked a little more history , I too would have liked a little more detail from the period . The novel 's real strength is that it really moves along ... you really feel like you are on an adventure with these characters . While with some novels you can see a predictable conclusion on the horizon , this one really keeps you guessing . I really could n't guess how things were going to end . What fun!The characters are also very likable -- Brodick is a man who wins you over by his compassion and his rough edges.Overall , a very enjoyable read that I too found very hard to put down -LRB- I read well into the evening one night ! -RRB- .
 `` Ransom '' is a wonderful book . Unlike other romance authors , Julie Garwood knows how to tell a story , instead of just writing detailed sex scenes . This book is the sequel of `` The Secret '' which is written about the romance between Ian and Judith , the parents of the little boy Alec who was responsible for the meeting between Gillian and Brodick.The characters were well defined . The painful past made Gillian strong and courageous . Brodick , though a fearsome warrior , possessed a tender and gentle heart . His character was somewhat different from the description in `` The Secret '' , but this book took place 8 years later and therefore , did n't really present itself as a problem . I love those Buchanan men , they were very protective and possessive of Gillian and I think they were real cute!Contrary to what other viewers belief , I think that it was not the intention of the author to develop two separate love stories in this book . Make no doubt that this book was all about Brodick and Gillian . I think that the reason of the detailed description on Ramsey and Bridgid 's first meeting was to lay groundwork to the treachery and deception . I believe that the mystery of Christen 's identity also played an important role in the detailed description on the secondary characters . Personally , I do n't really care about Ramsey and Bridgid 's romance as much as Brodick and Gillian 's . I think it 's refreshing to read a novel in which the hero of the story knew his own intention and not ` mean ' ; most of the author of romance seemed to think it was necessary that heros do n't know their own hearts . -LRB- No wonder Bridgid though men were stupid . -RRB- I was surprised by the outcome of Christen and Gillian 's meeting and must applaud for Garwood . Though I am sorry about the outcome , it made the story more realistic and unpredictable.With all the treachery and deception , this book was full of wits , too . I laughed so much when I was reading the part involving the wedding . It was terribly funny and I appreciated the humor.I strongly recommend this book to you . If you like to read love stories and do not like to be overloaded with sexual descriptions , I suggest you read the novels by Julie Garwood .
 As a child innocent four year old Lady Gillian watches as her father is violently murdered by a ruthless English Baron . Now years later the same baron has called on her to find King John 's missing box in Scotland and bring it back to him . She is told if she does not return with the box and her missing sister her beloved uncle will be killed . Gillian is able to escape , along with the kidnapped child of Laird Iain Maitland . In order to make her way to Scotland , she calls for Laird Brodrick Bucannan , claiming to be his bride . Intrigued , Brodrick goes to her and she safely returns Iain 's son Alec to him.Brodrick has sworn never to trust the English , but when he first sees the fair Lady Gillian he is instantly smitten . Gillian is drawn to Brodrick in ways she can not determine either and the two finally fall in love . Gillian is tricked into marrying the handsome young Laird and the two leave to find Gillian 's sister . Will Gillian be reunited with her sister ? Will King John 's box ever be found and will her father 's name ever be cleared?Julie Garwood once again brings us back to beautiful medeival Scotland , reuniting us with the wonderful characters from The Secret . If you love Julie Garwood 's medeival series , this book is highly recommended . But one warning , plan on clearing your day since you will undoubtedly be immersed in the story all day long .
 This story is set in England and Scotland between the years 1198 to 1215 . It begins during the reign of King Richard the Lion-Hearted of England , and takes the reader into the reign of his younger brother King John.Gillian and Christian are two innocent little English girls who lose their father and their ancestral home when Baron Alford , a friend of King John 's , goes on a murderous rampage . He thinks their father is in possession of a treasure box filled with jewels . The jeweled box once belonged to the beautiful Arianna who was the lost love of King John . The sisters are separated ; Christian is taken to Scotland , and Gillian remains in England with her Uncle Morgan and near her old home which is now ruled by Baron Alford , her father 's murderer.Baron Alford has never been able to locate the treasure and finally comes to realize that it must be in Scotland with Christian . Gillian is now a beautiful and intelligent young woman and Alford sends her to Scotland to find her sister and locate the treasure box . She 's threatened with the death of her beloved Uncle if she does not return with the information about the location of Arianna ` s box.Gillian is well received in Scotland because during her flight from England , she managed to save a young Scottish boy was also being held hostage by the evil Alford . One of the Scots who she meets is Brodick Buchanan , a handsome warrior who lets her know from the beginning that he 's very interested in her and does not plan to let her return to England . The attraction between them is pretty intoxicating and Gillian falls in love with him ; however , she 's determined in her quest to find her lost sister and return the box to England . Brodick and the other Scottish warriors have their own ideas on how to deal with Baron Alford.This is the first book that I 've read by Julie Garwood and I found it to be a fast-paced and exciting story . As an avid reader , it 's a thrill to discover an author who you 've somehow missed . Now , I 'll go back and read her earlier books .
 JULIE GARWOOD IS BY FAR MY FAVORITE ROMANCE WRITER . I 'VE READ EVERYONE OF HER NOVELS -LRB- EXCEPT FOR HER ROSE SERIES -RRB- AND I WAS N'T DISSAPPOINTED WITH THIS ONE . THE HEROINE WAS STRONG , THE HERO WAS FUNNY AND TENDER , AND THE STORY LINE JUST CAPTURED MY ATTENTION . I READ THIS BOOK IN JUST 2 DAYS !!!! I WAS SO EXCITED WHEN IT CAME OUT AND I STRONGLY ENCOURAGE THOSE WHO LOVE TO READ GREAT ROMANTIC STORIES TO GET RANSOM !!! I CA N'T WAIT FOR HER NEW BOOK TO COME OUT !!!
 I have loved the writings of Julie Garwood since I was about 20 years old . I started reading her and could n't get enough . I have since had two children and gotten behind in my reading . By chance I picked up Ransom at Christmas to give my mother as a gift for her to read and hopefully like as much as I had in the past . She , at 67 years old , has lost her husband -LRB- my dad -RRB- and I had hopes of giving her something to do to keep her mind off the loneliness . She loves this book ! She told me she read several parts over again and again . After she finished , I borrowed the book from her and I could n't stop reading it . I had to wait until the children were in the bed to read without any interruption and read into the wee hours of the morning . Gillian and Broderick are great ! I loved how they just fit together . Reading about the whole group was like reading about someone you know personally because you know about them from reading The Secret . This book held me spellbound . I ca n't wait to go back and re-read The Secret over again to refresh my mind on the characters and their lives during that time . Well done to Julie Garwood . I , for one , hope to see more and my mom is just getting started ! She has already started looking for more ! She has her nose buried in For the Roses right now ! Thanks Ms. Garwood for that excited feeling we get when we see one of your new releases on the shelf !
 Julie Garwood has remained as one of my truely favorite romance writers . I was a little concerned with the Rose series , but am ecstatic about the return to Scottish historical romance -LRB- even though the English romances are just as good -RRB- . What can I say about the book , one of my favorites . It captured me from the first page and I could n't put it down . My only regret , and I mean only , is that I felt Ramsey & Brigid 's romance was cut a little short . It still tugged at the heart strings but I was left craving more . Broderick and Gillian were written perfectly and the reader could n't help but wish them the best . What I love most about Julie 's books is not just the humor , but the fact that when reading them , you feel like they 're right next to you , well ... not quite that close , but you get the picture ! Julie it was wonderful ... please keep them coming !!
 This book follows one of my favorite formulas for a romance book . You have a plucky and self-reliant heroine who needs more rescuing than she is willing to admit . Then you have a gruff and stoic hero who has never been in touch with his feelings and does n't believe in love . When these two people meet , the chemistry is instant . Add in an assortment of villains and sidekicks to add tension and comic relief , and you have a wonderful story.These characters are really quirky and wonderful . Brodick is off-putting but endearing . He is huge and scowly and bear-like . His personal habits are barbaric . He does n't even like to sleep in a bed . Gillian is fearless and stubborn and does n't care about appearances , her reputation , or even her own injuries . She is entirely focused on rescuing other people , including her beloved uncle and a little boy she happened to meet.It never occurs to her that her uncle ought to be capable of rescuing himself . She takes responsibility for all the burdens , and ca n't even release her worries to Brodick , who is disgustingly competent at simple things like storming castles and rescuing uncles.It all turns out well in the end , although you get the impression `` happily ever after '' is n't going to be what happens next . More likely these two will blunder through adventures and misunderstandings for years and have a wonderful time doing it.I loved this book . I loved the characters , and the funny dialog , and the romantic setting , and the satisfying conclusion . Highly recommended .
 Ms. Garwood has done it again . She wove an intriguing tale of desire , adventure , danger , bravery , and love into this exciting story . I love sword fights ! And this one has it and much , much more . It was fun to see how the story unfolded and how Garwood was able to tie all the loose ends and make everying come together and make sense.It is an exciting read and will leave you wanting the story to never end.The one thing I wish could have been changed is for Ramsey to have his very own story . For such a brave , HANDSOME , dashing , diplomatic man , there was n't enough attention given to him . I wish Garwood would have created a story just for him . He is the kind of hero I consider a favorite in any story line . PERFECT.I love all of Garwood 's books and highly recommend all of them . If I had to choose a top five they are
 This book was great ! I enjoyed every moment , and actually read it twice . Gillian is a strong character , and is a perfect fit for Brodick . In the first book that featured Brodick , `` The secret '' , I did not think much of the character . He seemed gruff and slow-witted , in this book . J.G. builds a splendid well-developed character , which makes you want to swoon . If you like your men strong , kind , protective yet not overpowering - this book is for you . The storyline is intriguing and suspense holds until the end . In a nutshell - BUY IT NOW ! Its one the best and I 've read many , it takes a really good book to get me to write such a review . While you 're at it - get the first book to , and read them together .
 I love JG 's writting . Ransom is my favorite of hers . I have read this book over and over many times . The story is very funny and loaded with good old fashion romance . The dialogs were great between characters . Althought , Ramsey and Bridge was a bit short may be they will have their own book later.I have read JG modern romance and like them , but JG is much better at Historical romance . I prefer stories like Ransom with all those Highlanders and Englishs . It 's much more enjoyable to slip back into the historical time for a romantic tale.I have read Ransom over countless of time . Specially on a night that I just want to read something fun with a happy ending . If this book ever becomes a movie that even be better !
 At the beginning , I really wondered who were the main characters . I thought the couple in the story were Ramsey and Gillian but it turned out to be Brodick and Gillian . I really admired the Gillian 's bravery . The parts where Gillian was talking to Alec were very enjoyable , even though Alec 's `` You know what ? '' could be quite annoying sometimes . I would like to know what had happened to the children after Brodick and company left Iain 's holdings . I also agree with many other readers that Ramsey and Bridgid deserve a book of their own.Overall , the narration of this book is good with an excellent plot and many interesting characters who make you feel like you know them as real people.I love all of Julie Garwood 's historical romance , maybe except `` Gentle Warrior '' . I feel that this book is DEFINITELY A KEEPER !
 The prologue was one of the best parts of the book ! I loved it , and I do n't think Ms. Garwood has ever written a more riveting begining -LRB- although the start to * Come the Spring * is pretty darn close -RRB- . You hear about Gillian 's night adventure as she is seperated from her family and sister and taken to her uncle . The whole romp left me breathless , and I could n't turn the page fast enough ! Then we are taken to a scene where some old faces , Brodick Ramsey from * The Secret * , are reitnroduced . Then we whirl back to Gillian where she is trying to save a little boy from certain death . It is thought that , by Baron Alford -LRB- the man who killed Gillian 's father , stole her home and was currently holding her captive -RRB- , that the little boy is Ramsey 's kid brother -LRB- who is thought by Ramsey to have drowned , when infact he was kidnapped -RRB- . But the boy is really Iain and Judith 's -LRB- also from * The Secret * -RRB- son . When Gillian saves him , they must face the rath of Alford . When the tense meeting occurs , Alford orders Gillian to find her long lost sister and ask her where Arianna 's Treasure is -LRB- this is the legend that started the whole thing -RRB- . Gillian knows it is an impossible task , but Alford is holding her dear uncle captive and so she must do as she is told . In the middle of the night , Gillian and Alec -LRB- the little boy -RRB- escape through one of the secret passeges . He tells her that she can take him to his guardian Brodick , and that Brodick will take him home . So the couple journey to the Highlands to meet Brodick . Brodick and Gillian start to fall in love , and it is discovered that Gillian 's sister may be hiding out with a family living with Ramsey 's clan . Romance and mystery grace the pages of the book as Gillian rushes to find her sister and the lost treasure in time . But will her one true love be lost as well ? This book is so exciting that you read it into the night and stop only because you have fallen asleep . My parents could n't get me to stop reading . I read while brushing my teeth , in school , even while walking home ! Brodick and Gillian 's love was well developed and your heart goes out to both of them as they search for what everyone wants in life ... happiness , a home , and love . The characters were well proportioned and three dimensional . They feel like family at the end of the book , and you do n't want to let them go . The plot is unusual and unique and holds you attention until the very end . If you 've read * The Secret * , * Ransom * is a must read !
 i read this book in like ten hours ! i just could n't put it down . julie garwood is one of the best writers i believe i have ever read ! i just could n't help but fall in love with gillian and brodick ... i hope we see a follow up with ramsey and bridgid .
 I was so sad to see this book end , I immediately read it again and enjoyed the second time around just as much ! This is definitely one of Julie Garwood 's best -LRB- and there are many -RRB- ! Julie Garwood returns to her best subject matter , the Scottish Highlanders ! I love her witty characters , and the romance , suspense , and adventure combine for a thoroughly captivating read !
 If you like romance novels , especially those set in the Highlands this is a very good book . It might do for a Diana Gabaldon/Outlander fix , but in no way would I consider these two books or authors as equals . While it is a fun and funny tale to read , I would not consider it well researched or historically acturate . Anyone feel free to correct me if I 'm wrong but :1 . I believe women in the middle ages always kept their hair well braided and covered , it being quite scandalous for any man but your husband to see your hair loose . Yet throughout the novel Gillian 's hair was always flowing free .2 . There was constant mention of the Scots speaking English instead of gaelic to accomodate Gillian , who spoke English . If I 'm not mistaken , the `` English '' nobility of that period were still Normans , and thus spoke French.That being said , it was still a good read . It 's a bit confusing at the start , the way the author bounces around in the past/future in setting up her story and characters -- especially the part between Gillian and Alec hanging literally by a thread -- I could n't figure out what was going on , but it made sense the second time I read the book.I loved Brodick -LRB- sigh -RRB- and Gillian , both strong and stubborn and undeniably attracted to each other . With the exception of Jamie Fraser in Outlander I think Brodick is right up there as my all time favorite hard-headed stubborn hero in a kilt . The banter was fun , especially between Gillian and Brodick 's guards . Downside -- not enough between Ramsey and Bridgid and sorely missing was an epilogue . After all the hoopla about how the Buchanans lived like Spartans I very much wanted to read about their return to Scotland and how Brodick 's clan accepted Gillian.Lastly , and not to critisize the author but a HUGE THUMBS DOWN on her publisher , Pocket Books . Every Garwood book I have read has had at least one serious typo . Several of these books have been reprints , so you would think the publishers would catch them and correct them but apparently not . In this book , I found Gillian printed as Gilliam and Brodick printed as Broderick . If I recall that was in the same chapter . A bit distracting to the story to misspell the main character names . Another expample was Murder List , where the H&H ; and going for their first kiss and she grabs his jacket lable instead of lapel . LOL .
 I was held completely enthralled through the first half of this book . i loved the setting and it 's description . I loved the heroine and the ` wee lad ' she took under her wing . My only problems with it were that , for me , there were n't enough love scenes , and they arrived too late in the story ... and the fact the author decided to throw in another couple into the mix , without fully fleshing out their story . I think Ms. Garwood should have stuck to her main protagonists and left the other couple for another book
 Garwood is , hands down , my favorite author of historical romance . And of all her books , Ransom is the one I could read every day and never get bored . The heroine is wonderful and the hero is sublime . The story moves at a fast clip , never once dragging the reader down . Be sure and start with The Secret as this is the sequel , but you wo n't be disappointed in either . Thank you , Julie Garwood !! You have given me many , many hours of escape and enjoyment .
 I have read Ransom at least six times . It is a really great book . Brodick who have sworn never to marry an Englishwomen has finally met his match . Gillian who has lived with her uncle after witnessing the murder of her father was brought back to her home by the person that had murdered her father . She was given a task to fullfill by a specific date or her uncle will die . She befriends a little boy who was kidnapped , he happens to be a verry powerful lairds son -LRB- Ian Maitland in Secrets -RRB- . Although they kidnapped the wrong boy without knowing it , the traitor was returning to England to let them know , so they could kill the boy . So Lady Gillian had promised to get hime home . In order to do that she needs the help of Laird Brodrick Beuchanon . She sends a message to him to come and collect his bride . Thats when the story gets really interesting . Lets just say that at the beginning of the book Brodick knows his feelings toward Gillian is strong , and that he will marry her whether she wants to or not .
 I 've been reading 2 books a week for the past 40 years -LRB- yes , I 'm 60 -RRB- , and this is the best book I have ever read . I could n't put it down and it was such a fat book I spent nearly the whole weekend with my nose in that book . I loved it . I 've only read a few of Garwood 's books but am off to buy some more . These reviews are very helpful when selecting a book . Thank you , all .
 I 've just finished reading Julie Garwood 's latest book `` Slow Burn '' and it just reconfirmed that Ransom is the best book that Garwood has written . The plot and the characters are interesting.It 's one of the few books that Garwood has written where the heroine and hero of the book were n't perfect , and they made mistakes on a regular basis . I felt that Broderick -LRB- the hero -RRB- was full of flaws , but so was Gillian -LRB- the heroine -RRB- . I think Garwood has a tendancy in her historical romances -LRB- in particular -RRB- to string along a bunch of plot points , rather than having one overarching plot . This was not the case with Ransom . The only other book I feel is close to the quality of Ransom is Killjoy .
 I got this book by accident , I was in a group of books that a coworker left for to look through . And after reading it I was just captivated by it all and wanted to read more of julie garwoods book . The story was just wonderful and all that I love to see in stories.I loved how ms garwood told the story about guillans father and his death and how her and her sister were talken away . It was wonderful and helped later in the book to already understand things and not have to wait to find out why this or that was going to happen.My favorite part of this book was when guillan finds out that she was married on a horse . '' A horse , I was married on a horse '' ? It was just perfect . . I look forward to reading all of Ms. garwoods book and hope that she will be writing for a long time to come .
 In my opinion , this is -LSB- possibly -RSB- the best romance ever written . This is Julie Garwood 's best work by far , and I 've lost count of how many times I 've read it ! This is a book you 'll fall in love with , even if you 're not a big romance reader . The historical setting of the book is beautiful , as well as the characters and their fates ! I definitely recommend this book . : - -RRB-
 I absolutely LOVE this book . It is my favorite JG book !! I love those Buchanan men , they are so sexy and so funny !! Gillian is such a courageous woman and she is definitely the perfect match for grumpy Brodick . They make such a cute couple !! Ramsey and Bridgid definitely need a story of their own !! Christen pisses me off and I ca n't believe she would treat Gillian that way . Ugh !! Gillian has suffered so much and for Christen to not want to have anything to do with her was heartbreaking . This book has it all , suspense , comedy , romance ... etc I love Julie Garwood and wish she would write more historical novels !!
 I started reading Julie Garwood at the suggestion of an aunt , and boy am I glad that I did . She never dissapoints !! Every time I buy one of her books , I read it immediately because i know it is going to be awesome . Ransom kept me intrigued from start to finish ... I dont remember Brodick being so aggresive in The Secret , but , then again , I havent read it in a few years !! Time to get it out and refresh my memory . I loved getting the update on Judith and Ian , and their little boy was adorable !! Brodick was such a good hero for Gillian . And Gillian 's character had me laughing out loud !! She is not afraid of anyone . I was also thoroughly pleased with Ramsey and Bridgid . What a great couple . This one will go on my never ending pile of favorites , to be read again a thousand times !!
 I loved this story and have read and re-read it a dozen times . It is witty and funny and has a good story . LOVE IT !
 It was a wonderful well written Book !!! I have read many of Julie Garwood books and I love them all . This was one of my first that I read of hers and I loved it !!!
 I loved the way Ms. Garwood allowed us inside the minds of more than just one character . Also , I appreciated the fact that she did not feel the need to wear out the reader with every single detail of events that really did n't contribute to the storyline . However , having said that , some of the characterizations were a little simplistic , but not enough to interfere with the enjoyment of the book . I love stories of the Highlands and this was a good one .
 Laird Brodick Buchanan and Gillian 's book.Reviewed at Another Look Book ReviewsRansom is the second book in the Highland Laird series . I did not read `` The Secret '' first as it was proving to be a difficult book to hunt down . I did eventually find it and I 'll update a review on here later . Regardless , I do n't think I needed to read the The Secret about the Maitland 's before this one.Ransom was simply FAB-U-LOUS and it will go down as one of my most favourite historical romances that I have ever read . I would also say that Ransom is my favourite Julie Garwood book of all time . I completely enjoyed reading all about Gillan and Brodick . The story was captivating and a page turner . In fact , I devoured it so quickly that I turned right around and re-read it . I wanted to feel that magic connection all over again . There were so many enjoyable parts to the novel . One of the main deep routed themes of Ransom was protection . I loved how protective Gilllian was to the young child Alec Maitland and in turn , I adored how protected Gillian felt with Brodick.One of my favourite scenes of Ransom was how Gillian and Brodick got married while they were on a horseback and Gillian had no idea that the marriage was even taken place . Brodick 's friend Ramsay had a perfect part in that trickery and it had left me giggling . I thought the entire peice was extremely well written and very well thought out . I ca n't imagine being an author sitting down and thinking ` okay I am going to marry them but I do n't want Gillian to know what is happening ' Somehow Julie Garwood wields her magic and creates one of the most memorable scenes I will never forget.I often find when I love a book as much as I adored Ransom , it is difficult to review because I want to spill with spoilers all the amazing scenes and banter that occurs between the characters . I just do n't want to ruin for any potential new readers . If you love alpha Highland Lairds , warriors who strive to protect , smart , brave and witty female characters you will adore Ransom right along with me.There are twists and turns in Julie Garwood 's plots so I kept expecting something predictable and I was pleasantly surprised when it did n't turn out that way.Teasers
 This book is a page turner from the first few chapters till the end . This was my first book by this author and it made me an instant fan . The hero and heroine have great chemistry and I really like the way Garwood describes Alec 's character . I though the ending was a little abrupt and would have liked an epilogue , but overall it was a great read .
 This is the first Garwood that I 've been able to give 4 stars to . It could be thought of as a loose sequel to The Secret -LRB- which I rated at 3 stars -RRB- . Set in 12th century England and Scotland , it tells the story of a family shattered by betrayal and treachery . Lady Gillian 's father was killed before her eyes by the evil Baron Alfred and she and her sister were separated as young girls , one to be raised in England by an uncle -LRB- Gillian -RRB- , and one -LRB- Christen -RRB- sent north to Scotland to have her identity changed and to be raised among the Highland Scots . Years later , Gillian , now a beautiful young woman , is forced by Baron Alfred to travel to the Highlands to find her sister and King John 's treasure box all believe Gillian 's father entrusted to Christen . Before she finds the Highland clans she is searching for , Gillian rescues a young boy , Alec , who is the son of Scottish laird Iain Maitland -LRB- from The Secret -RRB- . On her way to Maitland , she seeks the support of Brodick laird of the Buchanans , a powerful and harsh young chieftain who is Alec 's godfather . Failing to understand the customs of the clans , Gillian uses a ruse of claiming to be Brodick 's bride to get him to come to her to help her find Alec 's family . Brodrick , however , decides he likes the spirited and courageous girl and may not let her go.The story held my interest , the twists and turns were intriguing , and I did like the romance between Brodick and Gillian ; HOWEVER there were some distractions from the beginning as there always seem to be in Garwood 's romances . Initially the story was difficult to follow as it jumped around from place to place and different time periods . She introduced too many characters and names at one time , some without description so they were soon forgotten and when some reappeared , I could n't recall who they were . The conversations between Gillian and the young Alec -LRB- a 4-5 year old -RRB- were unrealistic . A young boy does not speak that way . For example , at one time Alec said `` The lady 's better off dead than married to King John '' -- 4 year olds do n't talk like that ! As with at least one other of her books , the heroine gets confused when her wedding is taking place and the intelligent young woman 's mind turns to mush and she fails to recognize she was just married -LRB- I have to say it was a bizarre wedding -RRB- . Then , too , another Garwood trait is to render the heroine the submissive wife at one point and that 's in here , too , which I found annoying . Lastly , I did n't think the relationship with Gillian 's friend , Bridgid , and Lord Ramsey -LRB- who seemed an attractive hero -RRB- was very well developed . His confession of love came out of the blue . With these negatives , the story is still a good one and I think you 'll enjoy it . In my opinion it is better than The Secret .
 This is my all time favorite . When I first bought in paperback , I thought it sounded boring . I even had a hard time following it then bam I could not put it down . I have reread it several times . It is funny , full of adventure , and so romantic . I was not crazy about the ending .
 This book is so good . Fast dialogue , adventurous , romantic and full of heroic characters . You laugh , you hold your breath you cheer . I have read this book no less than 5 times . I have now added it to my Kindle . Ransom is a story of passion and mystery , you just ca n't put it down.The SecretThe Bride
 Love the heroine , love the hero , love the passion and romance ! I LOVE everything about this book !!!! Only problem I have of historical romance is that the heroine can come off as whiney and annoying but the heroine in this novel is NOT . I do n't have a problem with her at all .
 Gillian is young English girl who at a young age witnesses the murder of her father by a ruthless baron who is searching for the English king 's treasure . Gillian is raised by her loving uncle but is once again forced to face the baron who threatens her uncle with death if she can not produce the treasure . Meanwhile , the baron orchestrates the kidnapping of a young Scottish boy hoping to incite a war . Together Gillian and the little boy Alec escape , all the while Gillian proving her merit to the reader . She and the boy form an adorable relationship . Brodick is a fierce Scottish laird who happens to be Alec 's protector -LRB- kinda like a godfather -RRB- . When Gillian and Brodick meet he is immediately impressed by her bravery and beautyThere 's also a sweet side romance between Ramsey , another Scottish Laird , and Bridgid a young girl all the soldiers are crazy for.There 's more to this story than a straight romance , which is good because I though Brodick was a jerk . He lies and uses Gillian and she just forgives him - just like that.Read in 2 days . PG-13 . B
 This book was an intriguing read - I could not wait to turn the page ! Until the last there were unexpected twists . Gillian was the beautiful and courageous heroine every girl wants to be , especially with a handsome hero like Scottish Laird , Brodick , who finds himself inadverantly falling in love with the `` accident-prone '' , and unfortunetely English , girl who called herself his bride-to-be , to gain his help and protection from the evil Baron who tore her family apart when she was a small child , and continues to threaten her now . This was only the second excellent book I read by Ms Garwood , but I shall certainly be devouring more !
 `` Ransom '' is one helluva good read . i was transfixed as i got to know Gillian , her courage & bravery & compassion . and little alec was so much fun , too ! brodick is super sexy & not too bossy & has just the right amount of vulnerability to not seem like an overwhelming jerk . :--RRB- if you like adventure & mystery , definitely read this . -LRB- though i will say , it seemed like once alec was safe at home , gillian did n't really think all that much about him . from what i discerned of her character , i would have thought she 'd be thinking about him more in the story , but he 's barely mentioned after he 's back w/his parents . and i totally agree with everyone who said that bridgid & ramsey could have had their own book ! julie ! write another book about those two ! they were so much fun ! -RRB- this book really takes you in & you feel like you know these people . very well written & developed characters . thank you , julie !
 Ransom is the sequel to The Secret and details the romance of Brodick Buchanan . For added measure , it also includes the romance of Ramsey . I loved it ! It was hilarious . Brodick and his men are grouchy , mean , loveable bullies . This is a book well worth reading , buying and keeping !
 This book is great ! I fell in love with all of the characters in Ransom . The story is well thought out and it never drags or becomes dull . I have read ten Julie Garwood novels and so far I have never been disappointed . I would recommend any of her books .
 Nothing like a hard unbending man to make you beg for more . Brodick a character from another of Julie Garwoods novels -LRB- The Secret -RRB- , holds his own in this one . If you like a adventure , Romance , and surprises . You will love this book or any of Julie Garwood 's master peices .
 this is really an excellent read , it is sweet and gripping and just plain good ! I swear there are parts in the book -LRB- when Brodick says `` she will not make a sound '' -RRB- that you will just adore . though this book may be a lot like other garwood books who cares ? It 's enjoyable !
 I 've been reading romance novels for the last 10 years . This is without a doubt my absolute favorite !! I reread it within a week after the first reading . My sister , who does n't typically read romance novels , enjoyed it so much that as soon as she finished reading , she started over at the beginning . I ca n't recommend this book enough . Anyone who enjoys historical romance novels will love it !
 The first of Julie Garwood 's books that I read was The Secret ; as I continued reading I had no doubt that it would always be my favorite . And then I read Ransom and had to change my mind . Gillian is a fabulous heroine , one who is strong and led by her own sense of fairness and justice . Brodick -LRB- who I had adored in The Secret -RRB- is a perfect match for Gillian . I laughed , I cried , and I 've reread the book any number of times ! If you like Julie Garwoods 's books , you must read this one .
 The first Julie Garwood book I read was Ransom . I enjoyed it because I was not looking for a typical love story , but rather a book which actually had a plot besides two characters continually feuding until they finally realize they love each other , then live happily ever after . I definitely enjoyed Ransom , because the plot of the book kept me involved , and the affection the characters felt for each other was understandable and believable . Also , it was a side note that the characters fall in love -- their romance did not dominate the book , an aspect I particularly liked . This was a very good book ! Out of all the Julie Garwood books I 've now read , this one remains my favorite . It 's not a typical romance novel -- a very enjoyable read !
 I read this book last year when it came out and thought it was pretty good but I was ready to have a baby so I had other things on my mind . Than two weeks ago I picked it up again and started to read and loved it , as always I love everyone of Julie Garwood 's books . She has a talent of letting you totally being taken away in the story . I can totally escape into that world . I fell in love with the story of Brodrick and Gillian , so much so that after I was done reading it I went back to THE SECRET -LRB- another great book -RRB- and than reread Ransome again . If you want to take a break from life and have a good laugh and romance I reccommend this book . There 's not many books that you can find on your bookshelf and want to reread again and again , but with Ms. Garwood I always do .
 This book is one of my all time favorite Garwood novels because it features one of my all time favorite characters - Brodich Buchanan . Brodich is most definitely an alpha male with a wry sense of humor . The supporting characters add to the fun . The only downside to the book was the rushed treatment that Ramsey received . The secondary romance was a bit weak for my taste . Even so , I gave the review 5 stars because Brodich is that good .
 Ramsay Sinclair and Brodick Buchanon , make a reappearance in this new novel as the heroes . Both now Lairds , they must discover who plots to harm Ramsay 's young brother . In the process they meet two remarkable women who disrupt their lives and teach them about love . Fun to read , with a lot of action , adventure and ludicrous dialogue between these feisty women and their oh-so-stubborn suitors , this book keeps you turning the pages . However ... Aside from the fact that all of the characters fall in love too quickly for me to keep track of , this book was a great read with the exception of the weak ending . Ms. Garwood , made the women appear both weak and weepy , when those words are a far cry from their indomitable characters . A better attempt could have been made to keep the characters true to form .
 I like Garwood 's books ; they are usually fun , romantic and easy to read and this was no exception.This book is the second of her Highland series and - though I do recommend reading all of them in order - I actually would suggest not reading them one immediately after the other because eventually you will find them a bit repetitive -LRB- in the type of characters - that is incredible beautiful heroine that falls in love with the tough and handsome highlander that resist to admit he is in love - and also in the writing style and descriptions -RRB- . I found that if I mix these books with other author I always enjoy them better .
 I have the majority of the author 's series and prefer this era instead of her current novels of modern scenarios . Julie Garwood knows how to enthrall readers !
 If you are a fan of historical romance fiction , you 'll love Ransom . I 've reread this many times and it never gets old .
 I really enjoyed this book , I read The Secret before this one which is the first book in the series.I recommend both
 Good story wish it would continue into another story line . Love this book but where is the next one to follow
 Ransom is one of Julie 's best books . Brought back characters from a previous book . Love her writing and use of humor .
 I picked up Julie Garwood 's book at the book store because of the cover design . Frankly I refuse to buy any book with pictures of lovers on the cover since they do n't usually represent what I imagine the characters to be . Would someone stop doing that for all great romance novels ! No only is this a heart-warming story between lovers , it had enough supporting roles to keep you interested , laughing and guessing all the way to the end . I do love a good romance with great humor and dialogues . It is a book to get hook on . If you love this book , the Prize and the Bride are also very good . Although their story is not as interested and involved as Ransom . I think I will read it again tonight .
 Loved the caraters but was hopping to see Ramsey in his own book . It seemed rushed at the end to include both Brodrick and Ramsey . It is a wonderful book but nothing compared to The Secret .
 I love Julie Garwood &#8216; s writing . When I received my kindle fire , Ransom was one of the first books I downloaded . .
 This is a wonderful book !! I enjoy reading it again and again . I actually had the book in paperback and enjoyed it so much I repurchased it so that I could read it anytime .
 I love all of Julie 's books and have a terrible time putting them down ! This one was no exceptiion . Hats off to a great writer . If you want to read a book that goes straight to your heart , read Stolen Moments by Barbara Jeanne Fisher ... It is a beautiful story of unrequited love ... for certain the love story of the nineties . I intended to give the book a quick read , but I got so caught up in the story that I could n't put the book down . From the very beginning , I was fully caught up in the heart-wrenching account of Julie Hunter 's battle with lupus and her growing love for Don Lipton . This love , in the face of Julie 's impending death , makes for a story that covers the range of human emotions . The touches of humor are great , too , they add some nice contrast and lighten things a bit when emotions are running high . I 've never read a book more deserving of being published . It has rare depth . Julie 's story will remind your readers that life and love are precious and not to be taken for granted . It has had an impact on me , and for that I 'm grateful . Stolen Moments is written with so much sensitivity that it made me want to cry . It is a spellbinder . What terrific writing . Barbara does have an exceptional gift ! This book was edited by Lupus specialist Dr. Matt Morrow too , and has the latest information on that disease . . . A perfect gift for someone who started college late in life , fell in love too late in life , is living with any illness , or trying to understand a loved one who is ... A Christmas gift to be cherished forever .
 I loved it !!! If you loved The Secret -LRB- and Julie Garwoods other medieval stories -RRB- you will love this one just as much -- or more . You ca n't help but read it all at once . It 's too good to put down and totally worth feeling sleepy over the next morning because you could n't . I ca n't wait to see who 's story we get next ...
 I have read all of Ms. Garwoods 's tales and they are all wonderful ! I especially enjoy the stories that revolved around the Scots ! Ransom is no exception ! My only complaint is that the relationship between Ramsey and Bridgid was not very developed . Perhaps Ms. Garwood would consider telling Ramsey & Bridgid 's story in greater detail ?? Hint , hint!I enjoyed Ransom immensely and would highly-recommend it to other readers !
 If you liked or loved Julie Garwood 's THE SECRET , you will love this sequel . I enjoyed the development of the main characters , Ramsey Sinclair and Brodick Buchanan , in this book very much , as well as the return of characters Ian and Judith Maitland . Overall , I think this is one of her best books , and I love her stories about those Scottish clans ! Also , if you have n't done so already , and you enjoyed this book , you should definitely read THE BRIDE !
 I have read all of her books and I think she is a fantastic writer . Ransom is by far one of her BEST books . No body else can compare to her !!
 RANSOM was wonderful . A compelling plot and characters that come to life . I laughed and then I cried and then I laughed again . Garwood is the best at weaving a touching story . I highly recommend this book .
 Loved the book !!! It is Julie Garwood at her best . Eveything you look for in her books , love , romance , and intrigue it is all there !! Ca n't wait until the next book . I 'll have to read all her books over again until the new one comes out !! Keep up the great work Julie !!!!
 Loved the book !!! It is Julie Garwood at her best . Eveything you look for in her books , love , romance , and intrigue it is all there !! Ca n't wait until the next book . I 'll have to read all her books over again until the new one comes out !! Keep up the great work Julie !!!!
 This book has it all -- characters you really care about , a plot that compels you to keep reading , enough twists and turns to intrigue you , and loads of smiles -LRB- and even a few out-loud laughs -RRB- for fun . All of Garwood 's books are great , but RANSOM is now my favorite .
 I have read all of Garwoods 's books and I am estatic at her lastest book
 All I have to say is if you are a true Julie Garwood fan you will go and get this book . I love and own all her books and this one did not disappoint . Reading it was like visiting old friends , happy to be there again laughing and crying , yet sad for the good time coming to an end . This book was so much fun to read . You should read `` The Secret '' first , and then read Ransom it will make the story that much more complete . My only regret is that I finished reading it so fast , but that 's ok because now I can read it over again , this time slowly .
 Julie Garwood is my favorite author , and this is my favorite book . The characters are written well and the story is outstanding . I could n't put this book down . I have read it several times and never get bored . The love story is good and the scenery is wonderful . I recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of Julie Garwood . You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is definately one of my all time favorite books and although I 'm only 15 , I have read a number of them . The plot , characters , and dialouge are well thought out and well developed . The book , Castles , comes before this in the series and it is also very enjoyable . If you have n't read this book , do so .
 This is definately one of my all time favorite books and ... I have read a number of them . The plot , characters , and dialouge are well thought out and well developed . The book , Castles , comes before this in the series and it is also very enjoyable . If you have n't read this book , do so .
 I have n't read of mid-evil Scotland in years , though it used to be one of my favorite topics studying history in school . It was nice to read a novel that wove through the Highlands of Scotland , including history as well as a wonderful plot . I have enjoyed many of Garwoods books , and this one does not disappt .
 As a new reader to Julie Garwood I found myself falling in love with her books even thou this was only her 2nd book I had read . I lost myself in this story for hours and couldnt put the book down for anything . It was beautifully written and I felt as thou I knew Brodick and Gillian by the end of the book forever . I hope she continues to write more books in the Highland settings due to the fact the Lairds time period was fascinating . It was very enjoyable and I would highly recommend it !
 I loved this book . Brodick is rough but believeable and `` Lady Buchannon '' is full of courage and spirit and I was completely drawn into her story . All the characters are larger than life but funny , and interesting . Even Brodick 's guards are enchanting . Garwood is fast becoming my favorite author . Her detail sets you in the middle of the scene and the plot flows well - you laugh and get teary-eyed ... It 's a keeper .
 I 've read every book Julie Garwood has written . I started in paperback and have watched her books go to hard cover . It 's a testimony to how much I enjoy her books , that I ca n't ever just wait for the soft cover . I rush out and get the book the day it releases . Ransom lived up to all of my expectations . If they asked me to pay twice I would have . The characters are engaging and the dialogue is witty and intelligent . The romance is sweet and romantic in spite of the Buchanans reputation .
 What can I say ? This is one of the best GW books that I have read . It is so good that I think I have read it 3 + times . I fall in love every single time . As with almost every romance novel you know how the end turns out , but do n't you just love the journey getting there ? If you have n't purchased this book already , do so ! There is nothing about this book that is bad . You will not regret it .
 Gillian is summoned by the man who murdered her father when she was a child to determine the location of a stolen treasure . As she tries to find a long-lost sister who may have the treasure , Gillian turns to Scottish chieftain Brodick . As he tries to help her find the treasure and save her uncle , she unwittingly marries Brodick , who has decided he will simply take what he wants , a tradition of his people that does not sit well with English-born Gillian . His strength and bravery win her over , however , as the two take on all of England to clear her father 's name and restore her family 's legacy.This is a well-spun tale . Although the Highlanders are a little edgy and rough , and Gillian keeps changing from flimsy damsel in distress to fighting , serious-wound-enduring heroine , I liked the pair and their many cohorts . Not a believable story in many respects , but an entertaining one .
 I do n't think that I have ever read a bad Julie Garwood book and this just reinforces my belief . I loved this book . I picked it up to read on a four hour plane ride and then could n't put it down with only 100 pages left to read . I must say that I totally ingored everyone until the book was done . Gillian is such a strong heroine that I felt real emotions for her . I cried when her uncle beat her , I laughed when she did n't realize that she had married Brodrick . Brodrick is also a wonderful character . He truely is concerened about Gillian and I do n't blame him for `` fibbing '' about waiting to go after the three rotten english lords who have hurt her most of her life . All I can say is that I am eagerly awaiting Ms. Garwoods next novel .
 I have never read a book from Julie Garwood I did not like . I can never put a book written by her down once I start it . This one of course was no exeption . It was wonderful . I loved visiting Judith and Iain and fell in love with Gillian and Brodick . I loved Brodick in THE SECRET and he was wonderful with Gillian . The book made me laugh and cry out loud . I ca n't wait until Julie 's next book . Maybe a whole story about Ramsay and Bridgit ? Whatever its about , I 'll own it .
 This book was given to me by someone in my office . She did not want the book it was given to her as a gift . However it was not her type of book . THIS BOOK WAS WONDERFUL from the begining to end . This was the first of Julie Garwood 's books that I have every read . It wont be the last.I can wait to read her previous book called Secrets some of the same characters are in that one .
 WELL THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST FROM MS GARWOOD . JUST LOVE IT ... . CA N'T WAIT FOR HER NEXT BOOK .
 I have always enjoyed Julie Garwood 's books . Ransom is one that I finished in 1 day . The main charaters were wonderfully independant and wonderful together . They compliment each other , which in turn compliments Ms. Garwood . Strong start , exciting middle and beautiful ending . Recommended to any who enjoys a well rounded book .
 This is hands down the best romance I 've ever read . I 'm reading Secret now and it is also excellent.Hopefully , we 'll have a book starring Ramsey . Keep them coming Ms. Garwood !
 I have read every one of Julie 's books and I must say that this is one of her best . Her stories sound and feel real and she knows just how to tug at your heart . Making you laugh and cry , almost at the same time . I love her books so much that I do n't wait for the paperbacks anymore , I just buy the hardcover . I ca n't wait for her next book , but I guess I have to .
 I have read all of Ms. Garwood 's books , and find Ransom to be one of her absolute best . However , I would definately recommend reading the prequel , `` The Secret '' , first . They are both wonderful !
 Ransom was definitely one of Julie Garwood 's best novels to date . It was right up there with The Secret and Saving Grace . I ca n't wait to see what 's next . My only complaint is that Julie 's books do n't come out fast enough .
 Ransom is an amazing book . As with every other book Julie Garwood has written , the story comes to life . Her characters are incrediably realistic and you feel like you actually get to know them during the duration of the story . I 've owned Ransom since it came out and have already read it at least 10 times . It 's an amazing story and I would reccomend it to anyone .
 Ransom will captivate your attention from the first page until the last . You will laugh and cry , but most of all you will feel like you are there with the characters . Ms. Garwood tells a story like no one else can . She keeps it lively and moving right along .
 As soon as I picked up the book - I felt like she was speaking to me ... I 'm a first time mom-to-be ... and I have a lot of baby anxiety . It 's excellent for those who want a real down-to-earth reading about baby care . I would totally recommend it to friends and am considering buying this book as a shower gift for my friends who will be having babies .
 Reading this book is like sitting at Laura Zahn 's kitchen table and getting the scoop on what to expect when you bring your new bundle of joy home . It 's written in a friendly , sincere , down-to-earth tone . I read it several times before my son was born and it really helped me feel emotionally prepared . It 's small enough that you can read it cover to cover , and yet it also has an index so you can use it as a reference , later . I also bought Penelope Leach 's book and Dr. Spock 's latest edition . They are great for reference , but page for page , I got more good information from Zahn .
 The author relates wonderful , realistic first-hand experiences . It was a nice companion to the more clinical , medically oriented books I had . It was like a girlfriend was telling me exactly went she through -- no judgements , no child-psychology mumbo jumbo , just what it 's like to bring home a new human being that is totally dependent on you.I bought this book 5 yrs . ago when I had my son and have purchased it several times since as gifts for pregnant friends .
 I feel so much better after having read this book . While much of the advice from the author I have seen in other books , many topics were covered much more thoroughly . You hear all about how you wo n't have any time after the baby 's born , but this book helps give you a good idea why by breaking down how much time feeding , sleeping , changing and awake time actually take . Of course , every child is different , but I feel better having at least a vague idea ! Also , the author 's diary of the first month with her child was VERY reassuring . I will definately give this book to all my friends who are first time parents .
 The author who wrote this book did a very good job on keeping it entertaining all through-out . I read some other baby care books that it was literally hard to stay awake for , but this one kept me turning the pages . Answers most questions new mothers would have . It even has convenient shopping lists at the end of the book so you know what to get and what not to waste your money on . She even included a diary of a new mother 's first 30 days with her little newborn at the end of the book so that you can get a glimpse of what your new motherhood will be like .
 I ca n't see quite why so many people gave this such terrible reviews . It is a small book written about the first six weeks of having a newborn at home . The author bottle-fed and circumcised her baby boy so if you have made those choices you might feel more comfortable with her book -LRB- she still gives information about breastfeeding , which I found to be accurate and I was grateful for -RRB- than others . It is n't really meant to be comprehensive , just short chapters about what you really need to have ready when the baby comes home , and a diary of what it is like for the first six weeks . I found it tremendously useful in trimming down the loads of information in other books into something I could wrap my head around . I had zero experience with babies before I had my daughter , and this book was very straightforward and helpful . Because of its small size and basic information , I was even able to get my husband to read it -LRB- he thought he 'd just figure it out as he went along before he read the book -RRB- . Quibbles about pet euthanasia -LRB- I would n't have put my pets down -RRB- have nothing to do with the information she presents . I would and have recommended this book for people with little or no experience with babies . If you are familiar with newborn care and lots of people around you ready to give you advice about newborns , this book might not be necessary or seem too basic .
 My husband and I wanted to research the ins and outs to having a baby before we got in over our heads . This book not only tells you what to expect , but , it helps with simple , inexpensive little hints for the `` breaking even '' first time parents .
 Economics texts will never make for good bedtime reading , at least not for most of us . But Houck 's book is remarkable in its thorough and brief overview of agricultural trade . All of the essential elements are here - tariffs , quotas , specialization , comparative advantage , subsidies , proportionality - as well as a look at how these tools apply to agricultural trade in particular . Minimal prior knowledge is assumed ; Houck 's explanations are substantial but accessible , straightforward but never dumbed down . As befits an introductory text , each chapter is amply supplied with suggestions for further reading . While it 's not long on theory or depth , this book serves as an excellent reference for understanding the basic questions and problems of trade . Recommended for any intermediate economics student !
 I salute to the author who kept all these highly restricted photos in a secret location before it deemed safe to be released -LRB- after the political climate changed in China -RRB- . No one in the outside world would be able to imagine the gravity of the Cultural Revolution in China without reading this photographic account on one of the most important event in human history . Although it is a bit expensive , but I 've found it worth all the penny and cents .
 The book contains truly unique photos ! I also salute to the editor Robert Pledge for the great selection and the whole rhythm of the book . Since it is a heavy publication a hard cover may better fit .
 Li 's photos captured the extreme madness of hundreds of thousands people in China during that so-called Cultural Revolution and it reveals the very dark side of human nature as seen from , for instance , that young woman cheerfully recorded the place , date and time when she saw Mao going by in his jeep , the humiliating punishment of all sorts of people such as Communist Party Provincial secretaries or provincial governors , newspaper workers , peasants , or whoever in huge mass demonstration against so-called `` Anti-Revolutionary Reactionaries '' to different Red Guard factions infightings they reminded me how Hitler got into power , how Japanese militarism got in total control in Japan in its war efforts , and , believe it or not , how George W. Bush & Co. got `` elected '' into the White House , they all show that similar built-in weakness of human characteristics - or the human genes ! This book tells a lot about all of us . The monolithic political power , century 's religious indoctrination are at work around clock and real enlightening secular education around the world is probably struggling in a losing battle . A good book of historical documents .
 I remember reading a review of this in the Far Eastern Economic Review -LRB- Oct 16 , 2003 issue -RRB- and I said to myself after reading that review that I had to somehow find a copy of this book . One week later , I found it . If this truly is part of the only -LRB- known -RRB- complete collection of photographs of China within 1966-1976 , then Li Zhensheng must be commended for his bravery in capturing some of the most poignant & stark imagery that I have ever seen in my life.Starting from the beginnings of the `` revolution '' in 1964-1966 , we are taken through from the initial scenes of relative calmness to the all-out assault on those `` bourgeois '' elements within Heilongjiang province by the time of 1972-1976 . I took a look at the images and could not believe how humanity could do these things to its own . Thank goodness that Li Zhensheng -LRB- with Robert Pledge and Jacques Menasche -RRB- make mention that only in 1981 did China suddenly realise that the Cultural Revolution did not really achieve anything but set China backwards.There are between 300-400 prints in this book that were culled from over 30,000 negatives taken by Li to New York . If the images in this pictorial story are anything to go by , God only knows what those other 29,600-29 ,700 + negatives contain . Definitely one to buy for your collection . Recommended without any hesitation .
 Although the photographs are the main focus of this book , the accompanying text is also illuminating as an individual 's account of his experiences of the Cultural Revolution . The text has , of course , been written with the benefit of hindsight - and one gets a sense of retrospective self-justification coming in . The passion that the period inspired amongst the younger generation is also evident , however.The photographs are , of course , contemporary accounts of the living through that period , and consequently have the power to shock significantly . The `` struggle session '' photographs of senior party leaders undergoing `` self-criticism '' are particularly horrific . The concluding photographs of a `` victor '' of the Cultural Revolution on her way to her execution after the restoration of a more normal society also have a big impact - though curiously there is a sense of the pathetic about the woman that Li captures.The photography merits a 5 star rating , the text probably a three . The images are a valuable insight into the strength of emotion in that remarkable period .
 For those of us fascinated and puzzled over the cultural revolution in China , here are photos to bring to life what we 've been reading.There are many faces to study . This document seems curiously objective even though the author has his own story to tell of being treated unfairly . I would not describe the photos as shocking to those who have studied these events in China 's history . This is a great companion to any other narrative one might be studying on the subject . Also , the author is a remarkable person . This is another work on the cultural revolution where I come away feeling gratitude toward the author . Li Zhensheng has a more benign story in comparison with some other personal accounts that were part of my introduction to this subject . I enjoy this additional perspective . There is much to see here .
 For those readers whose knowledge of the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution is limited to film , here is a document that shows that most , if not all , of those scenes were not exaggerated . These photographs do more than document . There is something uncanny about them , as though the events depicted happened only yesterday , or as though they happened to YOU . The text that accompanies the photographs follows the story of the photographer and his work through the years . It is mesmerizing . The horrors of totalitarianism are well known , but this book communicates something original about the human condition that I believe is priceless and rare . If you ca n't afford this book , you should seek it out at a bookstore or library and read it .
 I confess that this review is only based on a browsing of this startling book in a bookstore . It presents what it claims is the only known photographic documentation of the entire period of China 's Cultural Revolution -LRB- 1966-1976 -RRB- that the author collected during his days as a photographer for a Communist Party controlled newspaperThe photographs capture the revolution 's sudden grip and the mass hysteria that went along with it . There is some pretty stark imagery of public humiliations , of forced `` self-criticisms , '' of rampaging Red Guards , of executions.There must nearly be around 300 prints or so . A stunning collection that is perhaps a required addition to the library of any Chinese , and a proud addition to everyone else 's .
 I teach art and history , and this book is an absolute godsend for both of these subjects . its a fantastic example of reportage photography , and the Photographs alongside the memoir mean it is an invaluabe resource for teaching about the Cultural Revolution in China , and Asian History . Highly recommended .
 I would not call the photos `` shocking '' so much as chilling . This is as much a psychological treatise as a historical one . A testament to the insanity found in mass movements . The unconditional acceptance of the irrational . We all need to be reminded of what this phenomenon looks like .
 Some might call Li Zhensheng brave or foolhardy . Regardless , he let his conscience be his guide and stowed away negatives that captured celebrations , executions and public denouncements . His hidden photos are probably the most critical photos of China to ever appear in print . Well written , put together and documented - this book is absolutely indispensable to any historical library or anyone who wants to understand the Cultural Revolution right here . Photo journalism at its most complete and best .
 Things can go horribly wrong in China . The current leadership seems wise , but they still revere the instigator of the cultural revolution . It is hard to know what lessons to be drawn from this period . It was the final attempt to severe the Chinese from their thousands of years of rich history . It makes me angry when people do n't protect their own culture . The world needs diversity and cultures should be protected . Leaders and people that instigate attacks on their own cultural traditions have my full contempt.In this book you see the cultural revolution through the photographs of one brave photographer . It will build up your hatred towards totalitarian regimes . It will hopefully teach you not to trust government people , who say they do things for your own good . This is a lesson for humanity not just the Chinese .
 This is n't just a history book laced with photos ; this is also a personal view on the Cultural Revolution from the photographer 's point of view . Informative and emotional at the same time . Wonderful .
 The `` Book Description '' review is correct when it says that `` The Complete Guide to Home Masonry is the most comprehensive and useful guide to masonry for today 's do-it-yourself homeowner . `` About the only thing missing from this one-sentence summary is that the book is nigh-exclusively devoted to OUTDOOR projects . -LRB- The short exceptions are damp-proofing basement walls , and repairing fireboxes . -RRB- The book features clear step-by-step instructions and color photographs -LRB- one good photo for each and every step of every project -- HUNDREDS of photos total -RRB- for working with natural stone , stone veneer , brick , glass block , concrete block , poured concrete , patio tile , stucco , and hypertufa.The projects cover all the simple outdoor jobs -LRB- such as walkways , walls , and patios -RRB- , the common elaborations -LRB- such as adding lattice panels to a block wall , or laying tile over concrete -RRB- , and quite a number of complex constructs -- like `` Building a Stone Moon Window '' . EVERY section of text has one or more illustrating photographs to show what they 're writing about . EVERY photograph is in color , with good contrast , color rendition , and composition . EVERY project includes an `` Everything You Need '' box , listing all the tools and materials required . EVERY tool that 's used in the projects has -LRB- 1 -RRB- a picture in the `` Masonry Tools & Equipment '' chapter early in the book ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- a closeup of the tool in use ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- explanatory text discussing proper technique . EVERY material used has pictures of all states through its life -- from the bags clearly depicting brand names like `` Quikrete '' and `` Lehigh '' , to the dry materials , the mixing process , the layout stage , and finishing with the final assembled project.If this book had the same comprehensive coverage for INDOOR projects -LRB- tiling bathrooms and creating concrete countertops are high on my wish list -RRB- , it would be worth SIX stars !
 This was an excellent book on masonry and concrete projects . It was very easy to read and had several illustrations that show exactly what your project should look like . It goes through every step you should take . This is a great book for beginners and do-it-yourselfers .
 The price was very attractive and the ordering process went smoothly . The book was delivered quickly and was in very good condition . I am impressed with this transaction and satisfied with the product .
 Maybe there is better out there , but I used this to retile my kitchen , and it worked great . A trip to Lowes and this book in hand had me repairing tiles in my kitchen and looking better than the origionals that were in place . I will keep this in my collection for a while .
 Has simple easy instructions with pictures for construction of typical DIY projects like pillars , patios . Excellent book !
 After reading Archibald 's ` Whales for the Wizard ' I had to read more of his work . ` Soldier of the Queen ' is the first of a trilogy concerning Drew Selkirk , a young farmer from the Scottish Borders who joins the army to escape trouble and ends up fighting in the Boer War.Bloody battles mix with an intriguing romantic life , and Selkirk experiences life as an irregular cavalryman during teh siege of Kimberley before returning to the infantry at the battle of Paardeberg , where the Canadians were also involved.I recommend this book thoroughly .
 I must admit that I had never heard of the Boer War before I read this book . Now I know quite a lot - and have been attracted by Archibald 's method of mingling history with fiction to form a truly exciting story.Will there be a follow up ?
 Until I read Malcolm Archibald 's prize winning ` Whales for the Wizard ' , I had not heard of him as an author . Now I can not get enough of his books . ` Soldier of the Queen ' is a mixture of solid fact and absorbing fiction that had me gripping the edge of my seat . I followed the adventures of young Drew Selkirk in the Royal Borderers -LRB- was that a real regiment ? I 'm not sure -RRB- and hope that there will be a sequel.Will Selkirk fall in love with the enigmatic Georgina ? I hope so !
 This book goes over all of the basic woodworking techniques . It includes all the tools and how to use them , joining techniques , finishing , planning , and the basics of furniture making . These are the best illustrations I 've seen so far . There are no plans in this book though . For plans , check out Sunsets `` Woodworking Projects '' , and Reader 's Digest 's `` Woodworking Room by Room '' . I could n't think of a better way to spend .
 This book gives a nice overview of woodworking . There 's not a lot of detail , so you should plan on purchasing additional books if you want depth . The book does a nice job of covering many aspects of woodworking
 Edward Thomas was an english poet killed in the last days of the first world war . But , before his early and tragic death , he was able to write some of the most beautiful and gentle poetry about England , the countryside and his fears for the future under the shadow of war . He really is , I believe , one of the most neglected poets of that era and is definitely a find for any poetry lover to treasure .
 Perfect book for the working woman of modern times who is faced with juggling career and family . Most would assume that a lawyer has no other choice but to work full-time in order to achieve success in the field . Kathy shares great ideas and fabulous insight as a mother . I highly recommend this book to anyone needing sound advice and a great perspective on juggling these challenging roles while finding fulfillment . Kathryn Plonsky is a superb writer .
 I agree that this is a valuable addition to the small library of books for working mothers . But a heads up -- this is more of a bound packet than a book . It has a photocopied-type cover and looks like it was printed on a standard laser printer with double spaced Times New Roman font . Publishers -- someone work with the author to get a shiny new updated version please !
 That is the cutest baby on the cover that I 've ever seen in my whole life . It 's about time that a successful lawyer found a way to structure her career around her family !
 Book came in appropriate time frame and is in excellent condition . I am very happy with the service and will order from you again . Thanks Sherryl Craig
 I just finished reading The Stubborn Twig today . I love to spend hours in bookstores looking for different kinds of books and am pretty quick at purchasing what I know I will like . This book intrigued me just by the title - it went right to the top of the pile of books that I brought home that day . I started reading it right away.The story deals with how the Yasui family copes with the trials and daily living of being different . It also gives a look into how they at times fit in with their white -LRB- hakujin -RRB- neighbors and no one noticed.The story is both touching and exciting as the reader goes through the generations of Yasui 's and how they feel about the world around them.I think that Ms. Kessler did a very good job of telling the story of each family member while weaving them into the importance of the famliy as a whole . I too come from a large family with generations of history . It has inspired me to start better record-keeping for my own children and the ones to come.I never knew of the reasons behind the internment of the Japanese Americans during the war . This book not only gives facts and history but the details of how real people had to cope to survive . I recommend this book to anyone interested in history , and an admirable approach to finding the courage to start over in life .
 I found this book while browsing in the stacks one day . I had no idea that Japanese had been imported to build the Railroads in the Northwest during the late 19th and early 20th centuries -LRB- this was because Chinese were not available ... laws had been passed making their immigration to the US illegal -RRB- , and mainly ONLY MEN . It was a real eye-opener -LRB- I have seen NO such information ever in any US History book I read in school , and I am born and educated in the US -- graduated from UC Berkeley -RRB- . This book is very easy to read and become engrossed into . I could not do anything else in my spare time other than work on finishing reading this . It goes a long way to filling in much of the missing pieces with Japan of US History before , during , and after WWI and WWII.Most US Citizens NEVER heard of Min Yasui , a newly minted Lawyer and Japanese-American US Citizen -LRB- by birth -RRB- from Hood River , Oregon , who decided to challenge Executive Order 9066 by deliberately disobeying it , getting arrested , charged , convicted , and put into Solitary Confinement for the duration of WWII even as the US Supreme Court ruled against him regarding the Constitutionality of it . And , yes folks , Executive Order 9066 could be reissued today , against anyone -LRB- even you -RRB- , without Due Process . You too could be treated just like the Yasui 's , ripped out of your job and home , have your bank accounts frozen , told you had 48 hours to pack and could only bring what you personally could carry with your hands and nothing more ... and then lose your property and home when you could not pay the property taxes -LRB- because your Bank Accounts had been frozen by the Federal Government -RRB- . You say you 're a US Citizen ? So were the Yasui 's -LRB- except for Min and his wife , who were prohibited by Federal Law from ever becoming Naturalized Citizens -- a Law that was not changed until 1958 !! Whites could , and Blacks after the Civil War in 1865 were added to the list . But Asians were never mentioned anywhere . It did n't say they could not , but it did n't say they could either . It just did n't say ... and so the US Supreme Court ruled that Asian Immigrants were EXCLUDED from ever becoming Naturalized US Citizens . Hard to believe ? Read about how the Yasui 's coped with this issue . And the next time you eat an apple from a box marked HOOD RIVER , OREGON ... you will know `` the Rest of the Story ... '' . This book should be Required Reading for anyone taking or even remotely interested in US History .
 This was my book club book this month . Good thing . Otherwise I might not have 1 -RRB- chosen it ... I do n't tend to pick up history nonfiction books for my reading , and 2 -RRB- gotten through the dense first few chapters . I 'm so glad I kept reading . Kessler does an amazing job of pulling together an incredible amount of research and interviews to clearly show the history and culture of Japanese immigrants moving to our country as well as their experience here , in the past and up to current time -- all through the lens of one large extended family . I 'd certainly heard about the internment of Japanese-Americans during WWII ... but I had no idea of the full extent of what that meant . I think every American should read this book so that we do n't ever allow that kind of treatment of our citizens again . This book may well have you reevaluating your own sense of right and wrong and what it means to be prejudiced . And it will have you thinking about your own background & history.Kathie Hightower , co-author of Help ! I 'm a Military Spouse -- I Get a Life Too ! 2d Edition
 Even if you think you are informed about the internment of Japanese - Americans during WWII , this will surpise you . The personal , cultural and historic are perfectly blended . This is primairly a human story and a tragic one .
 I recently discovered Stubborn Twig , the featured book in Oregon Reads , a statewide reading project offered in conjunction with Oregon 's sesquicentennial celebration . Lauren Kessler has provided a well-researched and compelling multi-generational story of the Yasui family , a Japanese American family headed by patriarch Masuo Yasui.Masuo emigrated to this country in 1903 , and eventually settled in the Hood River Valley , Oregon . He built up his power and position in society as a community leader and successful businessman , even while he and his family faced rising anti Japanese sentiment . This culminated in the family 's internment during World War II , as a result of President Franklin Roosevelt issuing Executive Order 9066 in mid-February of 1942 , calling for the removal of all people of Japanese ancestry from the West Coast . This book follows the Yasui family through the internment and the war 's aftermath , touching on Masuo 's legacy to the next two generations.It has only been relatively recently , on August 10 , 1988 , that then President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Civil Liberties Act , calling for an official apology to all survivors of the internment , as well as some financial reparations . This book is a must read for anyone who wants to gain an understanding into what is one of the more shameful chapters in our country 's history .
 This was a touching , heart-wrenching , yet also inspiring account of a real Japanese American family . The author took us through the daily , normal and even mundane early life of these children , so that as the terrible events of World War II unfolded , the reader could see the nonsense and horror from their point of view . The treatment of Japanese Americans by friends , neighbors , fellow citizens and our own government is inexcusable .
 Excellent book of the history of the Japanese in Oregon , specifically Hood River . No sugar coating , and Oregon was not the nicest to the Japanese . I gained a lot of respect for incoming minorities .
 Shantaram by Gregory David Roberts , St Martin 's Press , N.Y. , N. Y. 2003 , 933 pagesThis is the most gripping and fun read I had in a long time . A friend , we met on a trip up the Columbia River , recommended this . I bought it out of respect and curiosity but put it aside until I read most of the books described above and below these Booknotes . It is a rollicking good novel and like all fiction combines memory with fantasy . Even science , history and biography combine fact with memory and fantasy . But fantasy has less free reign in most history , biography and science.I suspect the author lived or knew people who lived most of the events described in this novel . It feels true even if , at times , it reads like the Perils of Pauline . And naturally the central character comes out as the most admirable.That said it is a tale of redemption and a look at a world where all ethnic , cultural and religious groups are equal . The book will give you a realistic look at prisons , the city and people of Bombay , crime lords and criminals and corruption in general . There is plenty of high-level philosophical conversation . To paraphrase one exchange , One million evil men , ten million stupid men and one hundred million cowardly men rule the world . The rest of the five billion of us endure them all.The one million evil men are the top criminals , religious , political and business leaders . The ten million stupid but brave men are the police and soldiers and the one hundred million cowardly men are the functionaries and bureaucrats who know what is going on and say nothing . There are also some interesting talks about the definitions of good and evil , right and wrong , The Big Bang and the evolution of the Universe . It is a very hard book to put down once you start reading.In short you will get an interesting and exciting tour of a world that , God willing , you will never see or experience . And you will find it filled with interesting , believable , admirable and likeable people . They all are , like us , a mixture of bad and good but no one is condemned and all struggle toward the light .
 I really enjoyed reading this book ; it is well written . It opened worlds I had no knowledge of . My father was raised in the Hood River Valley and went to school with some mentioned in this book ; this is real and living history to me . My life has been forever changed .
 Like many Americans , I knew virtually nothing about the unconstitutional internment , property seizure , and harrassment of ethnic Japanese before , during and after World War II in the United States.This book takes a prominent Hood River , Oregon family and follows their struggles as Issei -LRB- first generation immigrants -RRB- carve out a home in the small town amongst judicial and societal bigotry , loose everything , and then suffer emotional and financial effects as Nisei -LRB- second generation -RRB- and Sansei -LRB- third generation -RRB- face their own troubles carving out their identity as Americans.What Stubborn Twig does is put a face on the internment experience . You find yourself cheering for Masuo Yasui and his wife as they break race barriers in Hood River 's town , business , and schools.You find yourself wincing with shame as their children are ostracized from clubs and normal teenager dating behavior.And you find yourself chilled with loss at their personal tragedies.As a person more-than-averagelly interested in the history of Japanese and American relations , there was n't much in this book that was surprisingly new , just a level of detail that was fascinating . This is a real family who lived real lives in a tumultous time in Oregon 's history.What did constitute new information to me was the extensive coverage of Nisei son Min Yasui 's struggle for redress for the crimes -LRB- yep , I used that word on purpose -RRB- committed against ethnic Japanese during World War II by the United States government.The detailing of his fight , purposely breaking laws to be a test case , attempting to force the Supreme Court to rule , etc , and how his children carried it through may feel a bit long and dry sometimes , which is why the book does n't quite get the 5th star , but for readers interested either in history or in facing a very dark time in US history it is definitely interesting.This book 's Snack Designation Rating
 Coming a little late to the party , I 'm grateful for the chance to read Kessler 's thoughtful portrayal of the Yasui family . The story of Masuo and his heritage is set amid a time when Americans did n't shine so well . The Japanese people who were tragically mistreated during WWII faced the sorts of prejudices we 're all prone to practice in our own eras and cultures , especially when it seems like no one is watching . The fortunate piece of the sad outcome for the Yasuis and others arrived decades later , in the light of their courageous sharing of their story . I agree with other reviewers that Stubborn Twig should be required reading . It casts the same sort of spotlight as do places like Dachau concentration camp in Germany , where every school-age child must visit.This book has rightly won its honors . Kessler writes with feeling , yet as a journalist . Those expecting an epic novel will find a more subdued approach . I , for one , appreciate the lack of melodrama . This story is told by an author immersed in the understated ways of the Japanese , and I find the style appropriately powerful .
 On a flight from San Jose to Mobile , I read most of `` Stubborn Twig '' by Lauren Kessler . I got up early the next morning and finished reading the book.It amazes me that some readers found this book boring , because I found it fascinating to see how three generations of Japanese-Americans used their courage , creativity , and traditions to survive a very difficult situation -LRB- i.e. internment -RRB- and become extremely successful , accepted , and well balanced . How many other groups have so quickly overcome such terrible adversity ? Some people remain mired in bitterness the rest of their lives after facing problems less difficult.Many of the Japanese-Americans who were put into internment camps during WW2 lost all they had gained after years of labor , but most of them in one generation were achieving success with little bitterness . I believe they are an amazing people and a good example for the rest of us on how to `` make lemonade out of lemons '' . The patriarch of the family , Masuo , knew that as a second son he had no future in Japan , so he committed himself to making a place for himself in the USA . He studied English so diligently that years later he corrected his American born children 's English compositions . How many immigrants can match Masuo 's determination to do well in the USA?In building his businesses , Masuo has all of his children work hard to make the businesses a success . By doing this , Masuo taught all of the children to work hard to be successful and they all are.When Masuo and most of his family are imprisoned in internment camps , Masuo helped to keep his family from becoming bitter and helped them to make the best of the situation so they do n't spend those years being bitter and useless.One son became a lawyer and committed most of his life after WW2 was over to challenging the constitutionality of the internment of most of the Japanese-Americans who were living on the west coast . Very few German-Americans were interned . Masuo efforts were successful and finally a Federal apology was issued to Japanese-Americans interned during WW2.Most of us in the USA have never experienced anything comprable to what Masuo and his family experienced , so by reading this story we have the opportunity to vicariously live what they lived and perhaps learn a few lessons from the experience .
 A thought provoking and somewhat disturbing history of a multi-generational Japanese family in the US ... this book causes one to ponder the results of fear and ignorance , and how some truths -LRB- we WERE eventually at war with Japan -RRB- can be distorted into exaggerated and corrupted pronouncements , -LRB- all the Japanese were here to take our land , spy for Japan , and `` take over '' -RRB- , causing actions of far reaching consequences . The story becomes engaging on a personal as well as historical level .
 Stubborn Twig covers the lives of 3 generations of Japanese from the early 1900 's when they settled in Hood River , OR to the present . It includes the prejudice they encountered , the internment during WWII and a detailed account of how they dealt with these and other challenges according to their cultural beliefs . Also , the changes from generation to generation were interesting . I thought this was a very good book .
 As an Oregon resident , I particularly appreciated this book and the story . I would recommend it to anyone interested in the personal histories of those affected by the WWII internment camps .
 Chosen as the Oregon Reads book for 2009 , the year of Oregon 's 150th anniversary , this was a surprising , but good selection.It 's the story of a very young man who leaves rural Japan in the early 1900 's to start a life in America with no intention of returning to Japan . His life is one of struggle , success , disappointment , and at times , true suffering . From this man , and the woman he marries while she is still in Japan , springs a second , then a third generation of Japanese-Americans , most of which lead fascinating and successful lives.This is not a novel , but the well-researched story of this family 's life . In telling their story we learn of the lives of many of those around them , friend and foe . And we learn a lot about our nation . I 'd recommend this book , although I might suspect that it would not be a page-turner for many . At times it may seem to move slowly , and in tying together the various family members there is some repetition , but it 's just enough to remind us of who we 're about to read about and where we last left them.I would very much like to hear from any Japanese-Americans who read this book . Please contact me .
 In Number
 This book provides a clear exposition of the history of numbers . I wish I had read this book during my college days . I found it invaluable in understanding rational , irrational , transcendental numbers , etc. . Mr. Gazale has offered an original definition of real numbers . His generalization of Euler 's Theorem is novel and powerful , yet so simple . This book should be a basis for math courses at colleges and universities nationwide .
 I 've been a Pete Finnigan fan for some time now and I regularly get Oracle security tips from his popular Oracle security weblog.Pete is clearly an Oracle security expert and I have no doubt that he has invested a considerable amount of his life to this complex topic.When I buy a book , I look for an author to lives-and-breathes the topic , and Pete Finnigan is clearly a lifetime devotee to Oracle security .
 An essential guide to world culture , religion , politics , geography , people 's and economies . An endlessly good resource for children , students and general interest .
 Enlightening book on why even though you are a winner in the long run your short term fluctuations can be so large . Great section on bankroll requirements .
 The book gives a understanding of how gamling works . It explains the fluctation that create illusions among players . Illusions about how good they are , what card that makes a profit . If you want to be a serious poker player , this book gives you a fundamental understanding that you fail to find in other poker books .
 I have many books that tell me `` what '' to do . This is the only one that really explains `` why '' to do it . While not always easy reading , there are amazing and valuable lessons in here . The topics apply directly to poker but also to Life .
 This book helped me incredibly understand the odds and help beat the casino at their games . I recommend it .
 Having read a number of books in recent months on Egpyt , Canaan , and Israel , I decided that I needed to go to the source to see for myself what the many partially quoted Egyptian texts actually say . Miriam Lichtheim 's `` Ancient Egyptian Literature - Volume I
 When I was learning to read Middle Egyptian , it was Lichtheim who kept me on track . She has a wonderful gift for translation . Her translations , while very close to literal , somehow manage to carry the atmosphere of the original without sounding as bizarre as a literal translation would .
 This is an excellent corpus of translations from an authoritative hand , including from simple `` funeral '' and `` biographical '' inscriptions from the Old Kingdom upto nice and good renderings of all the major `` tales '' and `` stories '' from the MIddle Kingdom
 Miriam Lichtheim 's `` Ancient Egyptian Literature , Vol . 1 '' is a very good translation of a wide range of texts from Old and Middle Kingdom Egypt . It contains a representative sampling of Pyramid and Coffin texts , monumental inscriptions , didactic and wisdom literature , including the famous `` Dispute Between a Man and His Ba '' , a few hymns , and prose selections , including `` The Story of Sinuhe '' , `` Three Wonder Tales '' , and `` The Shipwrecked Sailor '' . For me the clincher in deciding to purchase this particular volume over its competitors was Ms. Lichtheim 's decision to leave the words `` ka '' , `` ba '' , and selected other terms untranslated rather than giving anachronistic , supposed modern equivalents , to these complex words , as other recent translators have done . There are , additionally , excellent introductions and notes .
 Great ! Lichtheim takes care to present interested translations from a variety of different genres . She offers a short but elucidating introduction and offers helpful footnotes after every work presented . As I 've said , the translations themselves are very readable , and , where appropriate , poetic . This is a great model of what anthologies should be .
 This is a wonderful , but somewhat too brief , survey of literature from the Old Kingdom to the Middle Kingdom . Texts such as The Maxims of Ptahhotep and selected passages from several versions of the Pyramid Texts are included . In fact , many of the didactic writings of OK to MK are included , which makes this book invaluable for anyone interested in ancient Egyptian conceptions of morality and correct behavior .
 This is a must have . If you 're interested in ancient Egypt , then you should get their ancient texts in full form and not just a commentary made by authors in books . This is as close to ancient egyptians and their thought as we 'll ever get .
 Perhaps one of the most endearing magicians in fantasy is Chrestomanci . A suit-wearing , veddy-veddy English magician with style and a forceful personality , rather than the usual Gandalf-clones . But rather than focusing on a group of people or an individual that Chrestomanci helps , this book focuses on Chrestomanci 's life -- more specifically , the events that molded him into the powerful magician ahead.Christopher Chant is essentially a semi-normal little boy in Victorian England &#8212; the abnormal things are discounted , such as meeting mermaids -- or dreaming of places , and coming back with souvenirs . His parents are almost nebulous figures , and his nursemaids change continuously . One day he meets his Uncle Ralph , a friendlier person than any Christopher has encountered before.It turns out that Christopher is a `` spirit traveller '' -- when he dreams , he actually drifts from one world into another . To add to this oddity , he also has nine lives -LRB- he uses up a few of them as the story progresses -RRB- . And not only Uncle Ralph is interested in Christopher 's talents &#8212; his father manages to get him to Chrestomanci Castle , to be trained as the next Chrestomanci -LRB- the person in charge of all magic -RRB- . And Christopher hears something more &#8212; about smugglers getting illegal magical goods from the different worlds . And Uncle Ralph may be connected to them . Who is good and who is bad ? Christopher , the Goddess , and Thogmorten the cat try to save themselves from the sinister smugglers and the guards of another world ... One endearing thing about this book is the way that Diana Wynne-Jones understands a small child 's way of thinking , such as Christopher assuming that if his mother wants him in a good profession , she wants him to be a missionary . We see Christopher gradually shifting into a more world-aware viewpoint as his powers grow . Wynne-Jones also acknowledges , as many books such as Harry Potter do not , that simply because a place is harder to live in and not as much fun as elsewhere , does not mean that it is a bad place . The people who expect the most from Christopher also care the most . Lessons about responsibility , using your natural-born gifts , and caring about others are also sprinkled throughout it.Christopher is a very realistic protagonist . He 's not perfect , and simply because he is powerful people do n't revere him as being better than anyone else . One of the best scenes in the book involves a friend of his scolding him for being self-absorbed and cold to others &#8212; and Christopher realizes with a shock that it 's true . The Goddess , a very bored incarnation-of-a-deity from another world , is an excellent female lead and counterpoint to Christopher . -LRB- The scene where they debate who is a heathen is hilarious -RRB- . Most of the other characters flit in and out too quickly and briefly for us to form a solid opinion of them , but Throgmorten -LRB- `` Wong ! '' -RRB- is also a priceless personality.Writing style is nearly impeccable , very evocative and only goes dead in a few areas . There is also a lot of humor in this book
 The story of young Christopher Chant and how he grows in to both his magic and his inheritance . To Christopher the landscape beyond his bedroom which leads to multiple worlds seems normal . It takes time for adults to realise he can access these worlds , and longer still for Christopher to understand the barriers to his own magic and the full extent of his powers . This book is conceptually vast , yet is also a fast paced adventure/mystery/fantasy story . I greatly enjoyed this book , which I read in one sitting , and look forward to reading the rest of the series .
 Christopher is an only child of two parents that constantly bicker , and every night , Christopher travels to other worlds for great adventures . He has a cool uncle Ralph that seems the understand him . Soon , Christopher is meeting a young man named Tacroy in the other worlds and running `` experiments '' for his uncle , smuggling magical supplies back to his own world . Christopher , it is discovered , has nine lives and his so magically powerful that he is destined to become the next Chrestomanci . He befriends a similar powerful young person , a Goddess , in another world . Slowly and without realizing it , Christopher falls into darkness , becoming an angry , unkind , and disagreeable child that is breaking the laws of magic . Christopher must determine who is good and who is just trying to use him . My favorite character is Tacroy , who is quite ambiguous , and yet is sort of Christopher 's Sirius Black , as the only one who can identify with him as a spirit traveler and understands him . The book itself is just another beautifully written , incredibly clever and imaginative and magical work from Diana Wynne Jones . The images and so vivid and so brilliant . Grade
 I read this book many years ago , and did not even realize that it was part of a series until recently . I bought the other books in the series , and was expecting the other books to be similar to this writing style . While the other three books in the series are good stories and entertaining reading , it is `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' that is the best of the series . This book has more depth and humor than the other books in the series . I devoured this book in one setting , because of the wonderful imagery and use of dry humor and wit . I actually do n't think that you need to read the books in the series in order ; besides the first two in the series , these books really do n't have much in common with each other , besides the Chrestomanci character . Each book is a wonderful book in its own right . However , it is this book that gives the best background of the world in which Chrestomanci lives . Highly recommended , especially if you like J.K. Rowling - this book is the most similar to Rowling 's style .
 While chronologically this story comes first in the series of stories that comprise the Chrestomanci series , it is best to read after the wonderful `` Charmed Life '' because that story is the one that makes you wonder about the intriguing boy that is the hero of this one . Knowing what will become of young Christopher does not in any way detract from the delight of this story -- in fact it heightens the level of anticipation . This story and the preceding one -LRB- `` Charmed Life '' -RRB- are easily the most complex and interesting stories in the series , and really the ones that the rest hang upon , because they really explain who and what the `` Chrestomanci '' is , and the role he plays in the fascinating universe Diana Wynne Jones has created . This is fantasy at its best , well written and very inventive , with characters that seem both familiar and bizarrely unique . It is , I suppose , not life-changing fiction but it keeps you there and makes you care and gives an opportunity to wonder . -LRB- It is no accident that Hayao Miyazaki based his latest film - Howl 's Moving Castle -- on one of Jones ' novels
 Diana is one author that has never ceased to amaze me with her skills and novels that sweep me right into the books . This series is one that I just could not put down , it 's fantastic ! Her characters are charming as can be and the story lines are easy to follow but with exciting jumps and turns to keep everyone interested ! This is a MUST READ series !
 If youre already a fan of Diana Wynne Jones , you know that any book written by this amazing author is worth reading . The lives of Christopher Chant is no exception . Quite possibly it is one of her best works , but I 'll let you decide on that one . This particular book actually takes place before any of the others , but for some reason it is the fourth in the series . It stars a young chrestomanci - Christopher Chant - a boy who can traverse through the multiple worlds at will , who unknowingly posesses nine lives and is one of the strongest magic - users in his own world . He is taken to Chrestomanci castle , where he is trained to become the next Chrestomanci , a sort of overseer for all the magic that goes on in the many worlds . However , he is also secretly recruited by his uncle Ralph to make a series of dreamlike trips into the other worlds to retrieve and deliver mysterious packages , one of which is incidently revealed to be dragon 's blood , a highly powerful and illegal magical ingredient prohibited by the law . Christopher is exposed to countless dangers on these forays and each time he dies in his spirit trips , he is killed in the real world by a parallel accident . As time passes and Christopher continues to lose his lives , the reigning Chrestomanci is killed and the worlds are pushed into chaos . Christopher , young as he is , must take charge and save the entire related worlds , though he is only just beginning to discover the scope of his powers ... enjoy !
 Christopher Chant decends from enchanters and sorceresses . Yet the only thing that is magical about Christopher is his dreams . At night , he travels into The Place Between . From there he goes into the Anywheres , where he meets mysterious people who give him mysterious gifts . Christopher is perfectly content until his father takes him to Dr. Pawson to find out way he ca n't do magic . After that he is sent to Chrestomanci Castle to become the world 's next Chrestomanci . He hates it there ! Will Christopher ever survive ?
 THE LIVES OF CHRISTOPHER CHANT is the second of Dianna Wynne Jones 's Chrestomanci Quartet , and a fantastic work at that . Young Christopher Chant is destined to become the next Chrestomanci . As an enchanter , he has magic in his blood . But his fantastic gift to travel in his dreams and bring back things from there makes him no ordinary youth . His Uncle Ralph , excited of his nephew 's extraordinary powers , begins to send Christopher on missions in his dreams . And soon , the discoveries that ensue will change Christopher 's life -- or lives - forever . This was a very involving novel , though the beginning is slightly slow . But soon the story picks up with an extraordinary gripping plot that will fill the reader 's mind with magic . This novel is literally a dream come true .
 Although Christopher Chant appears in the other books of the Chrestomanci series , this is the deepest look into the character of Christopher , and instead of a breif glimpse , we are given a basis for his actions and his ideas in the preceeding books.In ` The Lives of Christopher Chant ' we start by looking at a different world through the eyes of young Christopher
 I found out about this fantastic book on amazon.com and requested it at the library in our disrict . The book was so popular that I had to wait for twenty-nine people before I could read it ! When I finally had the book I picked it up and started reading . It was one of those books where you just ca n't put it down . The Lives of Christopher Chant is about a young boy named Christopher Chant who lives in a very elegant place with his mother and father . Christopher has the life of a normal boy until he realizes that he can spirit travel ! Spirit travelling is an art where you can travel to worlds that are real but can only be reached while dreaming . Every night he goes spirit travelling , sometimes he even managed to bring back stuff from the Anywheres -LRB- that 's what Christopher called the dream worlds -RRB- . One day , his governess discovered presents that he had brought back from the Anywheres and accused him of stealing . The governess said she wanted an explanation . Christopher said he would only confess to his Uncle Ralph , a corrupt and dishonest man . When Uncle Ralph discovers that Christopher can spirit travel , he sends him on special missions in the Anywheres , and Christopher gets into loads of mischief ...
 This book describes how Chrestomanci in `` Charmed Life '' became the wizard he is , for all of the readers who read that book and wondered what happened before.Christopher Chant , later to be known as Chrestomanci , was born lucky . Instead of the one life that most of us are born with , Christopher Chant was born with nine lives . As if that were n't enough , he also had the ability to travel between worlds and bring things back with him.This book describes the adventures Christopher has as he travels between worlds and fights a group of smugglers who tricked him into stealing things for them in other worlds . Besides discovering a way to defeat the smugglers , Christopher also has to train for the day that he will become Chrestomanci , the wizard who guards the portals between worlds , since only a wizard of nine lives can hold that position .
 Diana Wynne Jones tells the backstory of everyone 's favorite enchanter , Chrestomanci , in `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' . Chrestomanci turned the sterotype of old , sagely wizards upside down in the first Chrestomanci book with his dapper attitude and humorous qualities . However , I 'll be frank ; I did not enjoy this book as much as I enjoyed `` Charmed Life '' . The story was very slow in places and the ending was very rushed . But , Jones still won me over with her delightful characters , quirky magic , and adept talent at writing meaningful and thoughtful fantasy.Christopher Chant starts out as a normal boy who does n't quite understand everything that 's going on around him . Christopher never even bothered to tell people , ecspecially his feuding parents and nannies , about his dreams and the worlds he visits in them . But one day , Christopher 's new nanny discovers all of the objects Christopher brings back from his dreams , and informs Christopher 's Uncle Ralph , a charming enchanter , about them . It turns out that Christopher is a spirit traveler , or a person who visits the twelve related worlds in their dreams . Uncle Ralph soon recruits Christopher for many `` experiments '' where Christopher must bring him back various goods from the related worlds , and Christopher is only too happy to oblige.On these experiments , Christopher soon loses many lives at such an obvious rate that he realizes he has nine lives and is a powerful enchanter , even though Christopher can barely manage the simplest of spells . Christopher is soon sent to live in Chrestomanci Castle for training , and he hates it . He would much rather play cricket than become the next Chrestomanci , but everything changes when Christoper realizes that his `` perfect '' uncle is really an inter-world illegal smuggler , and Christopher so happens to be his partner-in-crime even though he did n't know what he was doing in the first place.The story is told with Jones ' usual quirky prose and humor . Many readers who read the first book will smile as the story goes on and many of Chrestomanci 's background is cleverly explained . Christopher as a character is skillyfully progressed from a naive and somewhat cold child to an aware and powerful enchanter . However , the story , as much as I would like to deny it , does suffer some problems . The beginning is a very long drawl , as well as the middle , and nothing interesting happens till Christopher finally arrives at Chrestomanci castle . From there to the ending its a smooth ride . Unfortunately , it appears that Jones did n't know what to do with her ending as its very quick and jumbled . For the last fifty pages , everything is unusally described and very confusing . I just wish that the story had ended with a strong conclusion rather than the sentence `` that is really all , except for a letter that arrived for Christopher from Japan soon after New Year ... `` Even though the ending was a jumbled mess , we 're still talking about Diana Wynne Jones here , and her brilliant writing and humorous details makes even a very weakly plotted book enjoyable . While I did not enjoy `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' as much as I enjoyed the first book , readers everywhere are sure to enjoy how Chrestomanci went from a timid boy into a powerful enchanter .
 This an incredibly lovely book that I have read a million times ; and each time has been just as enjoyable as the last.This book is the second in the Chrestomanci Quartet , and is my favorite of the four . The story is about a boy named Christopher Chant who discovers that he has magical powers , and , in due time , a truly amazing and exciting life ahead of him . Buy this book ! I assure you that you wo n't regret it ; ~ -RRB-
 Evey night when young Christopher Chant goes to sleep he turns a corner in his room and enters The Place Between . From there he enters the Anywheres , magical worlds where people are kind to him and give him gifts . And when people find out about his gifts and the fact that he has nine lives they 're more than thrilled . CHristopher suddenly finds himself thrown into two words . The world of his Uncle and his magical tests in the anywheres , and the world of the Chrestomanci in the Chrestomanci castle . Through this story CHristopher 's magic and loyalty will be tested . And even though he dose n't want it , he 's destined to become the great Chrestomanci who we know of so well in Charmed Life.In my opinion this book housed what the last one I read -LRB- Magicians of Caprona -RRB- lacked . THe actual presence of the Chrestomanci for more than a couple scenes . I really enjoyed this book and even though I 'm done with the series -LRB- it was good while it lasted -RRB- I 'm thinkign about digging into more of the authors work . If you like tales of magic and adventure you 'll love this book .
 I finally got my own copy of `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' and my collection is complete . Even if you have never heard of Chrestomanci in your life you will think he is the greatest after you have completed this book . Jones makes young Christopher interesting and convincing as he is swept through this adventure . It is great to see Christopher 's powers forming and a delight when he finally comes into his own . His friend The Goddess is also wonderful . Like many of Jones ' young heroines The Goddess is more intelligent and real than many young girls you read about in inferior books . Those who are familiar with the character of Christopher will be enchanted to see the beginnings of the little quirks that make our favorite enchanter so interesting . One of my favorite books .
 Christopher tells this fiction story and it is written in the neatest way ! How the author came up with all of the creative storylines and cool creatures ... I 'll never know ! Read this book as soon as you can . But just do n't be fooled by the not-so-interesting begining !
 This is another of the Chrestomanci series , chronologically the first . It is the story of Christopher Chant , who has peculiar dreams . When he goes to sleep , he can get up out of bed , round a small corner in his room - and suddenly he is in a moist , foggy , rocky world . Depending on where he climbs in this odd place , he can get to many other fantastic worlds . He has friends in these worlds , among them mermaids and the incarnate form of a goddess . Christopher has told no one about these dreams , and he is thought to be a little bit of a disappointment because he exhibets no magic talent . However , dangerous mishaps begin happening to him at an alarming rate , and finally , after an incident that should have killed him , it is realized that despite his apparant lack of magic , he must be an extremely rare and powerful nine-lived enchanter - which means that he is one of only two people in the world who have the innate ability for world-travel - which is what his `` dreams '' are . This is one of my very favorite Diana Wynn Jones novels .
 Diana Wynne Jones is the best fantasy writer ever . Why is she not more famous than J.K. Rowling ? The Lives of Christopher Chant was our first introduction to the worlds of magic and adventure that Diana Wynne Jones spins in every book . We barrelled through the Christopher Chant series , The Dalemark Quartet , and searched all of the bookstores for every last story . Our family 's all-time favorites are Time of the Ghost and Archer 's Goon . Every kid from age 6 to 66 will love these charming , enchanting tales .
 This is Diana Wynne-Jones at her best . It 's a fantastic novel and should be read with all the other Chrestomanci boos , too . If you 've read Charmed Life , you 'll appreciate this book ; it tells you how Chrestomanci in Charmed Life -LRB- really Christopher -RRB- became Chrestomanci , aswell as explaining the coming of his wife , ` Millie ' , who was origionally a goddess in another world . It 's a little confusing , but a great book .
 The Chrestomanci series is a great series , this is one of the better stories of the four that are written . The two things that run consistent through all the stories is the Chrestomanci and the many worlds that exist . The title of Chrestomanci is for the person who makes sure that all magic is used properly . It is very difficult to get because one of the requirements it that the person must have nine lives rather than the usual one . The multiple worlds are an interesting concept in the Chrestomanci stories . The concept goes like this , when a big even occurs , such as a battle , one of two things can happen . Either one side of the battle wins or the other side wins . Since both of these things can not happen at once , the world is split into two worlds where in one world , one side won and in the other world , the other side won . This concept is used by Diana Jones as a base for plots and interesting twists . `` The Lives of Christoper Chant '' is not about Cat but rather it is about the childhood of the Chrestomanci in `` Charmed Life '' , so the book takes place some many years before `` Charmed Life '' . Christopher Chant is a spirit traveler . He is able to travel to the other worlds . What is even more special is that he is able to take back things from other worlds to his world where as nobody before could do such a thing . Christoper did n't realize this was a gift but thought that these were dreams when he went to the other worlds because he could only go there once he fell asleep.Unfortunately for Christoper , his Uncle Ralph , whom he admires greatly , finds a way to exploit Christopher 's gift by making him take expensive and illegal items from other worlds into his own . While Christopher lives in Chrestomanci 's castle doing this , Chrestomanci at the same time is trying to find the smugglers who are bringing this stuff into their world . I love the ending where many elements of the story and other side plots merge in to one.This is a great story and I recommend it to anyone , one note is that you may want to buy the `` The Chronicles of Chrestomanci
 This book is cool . If you are reading it for the first time the begining is kind of boring . Just keep reading . The book gets better !
 The Lives of Christopher Chant is the first book I read by Diana Wynne Jones . After a few chapters , I could n't put it down . It inspired me to read her other books .
 Diana Wynne Jones wrote the archetype that the Harry Potter series seems to be derived from in every aspect . These are funnier , constructed more carefully , and slightly more challenging . Though I have n't read these books in a while , they are the perfect foundation for cultivating a dry British wit in any 10-15 year old.I would recommend all of DW Jones ' books , but this series , Tale of Time City , and Witch week are probably her best .
 This was the first of the Chrestomanci books I read , and it 's still my favorite . Everything about it -- from the fantastic worlds that Christopher explores , to the final battle with The Wraith -- I do n't know . It just sums up everything I like about Jones ' books . ps . why does the cover art of this edition show Christopher as blond and the Chrestomanci as black haired ? Was this early art for Charmed Life or did the artist not read the book ?
 The Lives of Christopher Chant , is humour at its very best ! Wynne Jones is one of the best children 's fantasy writers , she pioneered techniques still being used today . This is one of three books -LRB- Witch Week and Charmed Life -RRB- and gives us an understanding of the person behing the lofty and mysterious Chrestomanci . Its a very funny and tongue in cheek look at Christopher Chant 's childhood , as he walks between `` Anywheres '' and gets caught up in illegal activities unknowingly . Wynne Jones puts plenty of laughs into it , from Christopher reading the Unabridged Arabian Nights , to the interesting Goddess who freezes Christopher in a wall until he agrees to her demands ... and all the while , Christopher is losing lives ...
 This is the first book of Diana Wynne Jones ' that I 've read and it got me completely hooked.I re-read it at least twice a year . She 's still one of my favourite authors though i 'm slightly out of the 9-12 range . -LRB- okay , by a few years . -RRB-
 Even though he does n't know it Christopher spirit travels every night . This happens in his dreams he goes to what Christopher calls the Place Between and the Anywheres . When his uncle finds out there are experiments that his uncle wants to do . But are they such honest experiments?Of all of Diana Wynne Jones ' books that I have read so far this has to be my favorite . I could n't stop reading . A really well written masterpiece .
 Despite his connections with the world of enchantment , Christopher Chant is more interested in cricket that magic . Blessed , or cursed , with nine lives and the ability to travel to spirit worlds in his dreams , Christopher is n't too thrilled to discover that he is destined to become the next Chrestomanci . Quite content with his dream worlds and performing tasks for his Uncle Ralph , Christopher is horrified when he is made to leave school and friends behind and travel to Chrestomanci Castle . Here he will learn the skills necessary for his future role , a role that Christopher definitely does not want . Soon the future Chrestomanci is battling a group of smugglers attempting to steal from the dream worlds ... `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' is young adult fantasy at its best . The plot is magical and will keep you reading right up until the end . A little slow to get going , the action soon picks up and never stops . Anyone who likes adventure or fantasy should love this . I ca n't wait to read the remaining books in the Chrestomanci series .
 `` The Lives of Christopher Chant '' is set twenty-five years before the events told in `` Charmed Life '' , but was published after it in 1988 . Although many would avidly insist that you must read such books in publishing rather than chronological order -LRB- just look at the debate that rages over how you 're supposed to read the `` Chronicles of Narnia '' -RRB- I would suggest reading this before `` Charmed Life . '' It will not ruin any of the surprises in that book , and instead drops little hints throughout -LRB- such as Chrestomanci 's aversion to silver , and the name of his future wife -RRB- that will become that much more enjoyable when you read of them in `` Charmed Life '' . Set in a parallel world where magic is an everyday occurrence young Christopher Chant lives a rather dull life , caught between his neglectful and feuding parents . Thank goodness for his dreams , which allow him to wander about in secret worlds - and are so vivid he often brings back objects with him into waking life ! But after he meets his Uncle Ralph things begin to get more interesting . Organising his young nephew to meet a man named Tacroy in his dreams , Ralph instructs Christopher on removing other , larger things from his dreams into the real world . Seeing it as a fun game , as well as liking both his uncle and Tacroy very much , Christopher plays along.Between these exertions and visits to the young girl known as the Living Goddess , Christopher finds that life is not entirely what he wants it to be . With a longing only to become a professional cricketer , Christopher is horrified to find that he is destined to be the next Chrestomanci - the nine-lived enchanter in charge of governing magic in the worlds . Taken to Chrestomanci Castle , he is sulky and unco-operative - until the magic smuggler known as the Wraith grows in power , and the Goddess herself escapes into his world . Now Christopher is forced to take action ... A fascinating , intricate , quirky book that takes place over several years and draws on several genres -LRB- only Diana Wynne Jones can go from English boarding school to Arabian Nights to elfish and Biblical lore -RRB- , this could possibly be my favourite in the Chrestomanci quartet . Once again , the author proves she is an expert at human behaviour , a fan of cats and someone who 's not afraid to tackle large and important issues in children 's books.She 's also wonderful at portraying the lack of self-awareness in people
 `` Oops ! '' The dragon spews fire all over Christopher and `` There goes another life ! '' The Lives of Christopher Chant is a book about a nine-lived boy named Christopher . Every night he dreams he gets out of bed , walks around the corner of the fireplace in his room , and slips into a dreary world called `` The Place Between . '' While conducting experiments there Christopher loses some of his nine lives.Strong things about this book are that the story line moves along quickly , so your interest stays captive . You 'll also appreciate how Dianne Wynne Jones 's story line is unique . No other author has ever written anything like her `` Place Between ! '' Her strong characters really pull the story together . Take `` The Christomancy '' -LRB- The Magic Governor -RRB- for instance . It seems like he was always a strict and stern man born to be `` The Christomancy . '' However , he actually started out like Christopher , angry and bewildered.More details would improve The Lives of Christopher Chant . Having additional information would make it easier to visualize Asheth 's Temple , and why The Living Asheth -LRB- the girl who acts as a channel for the god Asheth 's power -RRB- wanted to get away . More explanation about why silver stops Christopher from working magic would be helpful . Was it Christopher 's dad 's fault that silver stops him operating magic?Rush out and buy The Lives of Christopher Chant , it 's a page turner ! The story line is new and interesting . It is a magic book , and you can never tell what 's going to happen ! I hope you do n't lose your nine lives as quickly as Christopher Chant !
 If you are into fantasy , adventure , humor , or all of the above , you have to read The Lives of Christopher Chant . I own a copy of it and would highly reccomend it to everyone . If you have read this book and enjoyed it , you should also read Witch Week , Charmed Life , The Magicians of Caprona , and everything else written by Diana Wynne Jones .
 One of the pleasant mysteries that must be solved upon moving to a new geographical area is the identities of the local and migrant birds . Some like bald eagles and cardinals are a no-brainer . But what about all of those indeterminate grayish-brownish-whitish birds that may only be identifiable by their habits ? This is where a book like `` Life Histories of North American Nuthatches , Wrens , Thrashers , and Their Allies '' proves to be useful . It contains 142 black-and-white photographs of birds performing activities such as feeding and incubating , and in the case of the white-breasted nuthatch , creeping head-first down a tree-trunk -- not just sitting on a branch and looking mysterious.By no means are the photographs the highlight of this volume . Arthur Cleveland Bent was one of America 's foremost ornithologists , and his twenty-volume series on North American birds was originally published under the sponsorship of the Smithsonian Institution . In this particular volume he and his correspondents have compiled specific observations on about 104 different birds , including various nuthatches , creepers , wren-tits , dippers , wrens , mockingbirds and thrashers . Bent also utilizes the writings of America 's great naturalists of the past , including Audubon , Burroughs , and Brewster.This Dover edition is an unabridged , unaltered republication of the original 1948 edition . Its anecdotal style is very readable , even charming . The copious details of avian nesting habits , courtship patterns , plumage and field markings , food , songs , and flight habits are made interesting by the dedication and enthusiasm of the hundreds of observers who contributed to this book.In it , I finally learned why one of my favorite birds , the white-breasted nuthatch moves head-first down tree trunks . Francis H. Allen -LRB- 1912 -RRB- points out an advantage in this procedure , saying
 Kipling was a master children 's story writers and this story is one of his best !
 The gorgeous illustrations caught my eye and so I picked up the book for the first time . What a wonderful story . Kipling has a way of writing that just flows and makes reading the story out loud a pleasure just to hear the words .
 The book 's focus is on carefully explaining what quantum field theory is . Starting from classical field theories , ie . the harmonic chain , Greiner goes on to discuss 2nd quantization for spin 0 , 1/2 , and spin 1 fields . The results are then applied to derive the perturbation expansion for interacting fields . The last sections on quantization with path integrals is also well written , and contains more details than eg . Sakurai . Throughout , many -LRB- sometimes tedious , but -RRB- instructive examples are presented that lots of other authors just assume to be understood already .
 This book starts with classical field theory and moves on to some simple , but very relevent examples of nonrelativistic field quantization . Greiner works through all important relativistic system of free particles before a spectactular introduction to Feynman rules via quantum electrodynamics as the primer . The book finishes with a nice introduction to path-integral quantization . This book covers mathematical detail of relativistic field theory in a simple way , making it an excellent introductory text .
 There are so many different QFT text books , but this one is of special value : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is a really thorough work , e.g. , symmetry principles , path integral , QED , even scalar qed are discussed in detail here ! -LRB- 2 -RRB- The details are all included , so you will not find something like `` it easily follows from . . '' . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It introduces everything in a good order . For example , it treats non-relativistic Schrodinger field first before going to the relativistic theories . It has shown that non-relativistic fields permit both boson and fermion rules . From this you can easily see how quantization rules are related to relativity . I am sure you can learn some solid QFT from this book . Of course , I recommend this book along with the standard reference by Peskin-Schroeder , and the lively book by Zee .
 I found this book fairly easy to follow . It is well written in terms of teaching the subject because it includes most of the steps for derivations . As a person who only has a good background in quantum mechanics but no background in quantum field theory I was pretty happy reading through the book.I did not have any problem with the margins , and in fact wrote quite a lot of notes in the large outer margins . Chapter 11 is missing its first page which at first caused me to think 10 + pages were gone because it substituted page 350 for page 337 . Because I do n't have time to memorize things , I found myself going back through the book to look for definitions . Everything is well defined before it is used . When ever I ran into a symbol I forgot the meaning of , I could always find it earlier in the book . This is good proof to me the author was careful about how ideas are introduced and combined.There were only a couple of places where I could not follow a derivation by writing down every step at the time I read the passage . But returning to that place again after finishing the chapter I could finish filling in the steps.Given the price of most quantum field theory books , this is definitely worth getting just to help with a different point of view on a difficult subject .
 My E&M ; professor tried recently a very ambitious project
 I found this book very informative on the subject of Cairn Terriers . Probably the only one needed . It 's detail makes it ideal for use as a handbook and the many colored pictures a pleasure to read and see . It includes product suggestions as well . I found I still needed more information concerning training than what was covered in this book .
 It was very helpful in deciding if this is a type of dog I might want .
 Too bad they do n't teach about all the great leaders of the holy books in business school or even the self-help business books . If everyone would follow the path that the Almighty Creator has already created for mankind , there would be a lot less confusion as to what `` Success '' really is . To my amazing discovery as I was reading this book , I found that some of our present day leaders already follow a lot of these very principles and are the first to acknowledge that none of their success would be possible without their faith in the Almighty One . This book should definitely be among the second book a person reads aside from the original plans for man given directly by our Creator to the prophets , as it reiterates the path to success in all of lifes affairs . Just imagine a business where everyone starts their day with group prayer for the day in the conference room !
 Mr. Murdock entitled his book `` The Leadership Secrets of Jesus '' but the sound-bites of wisdom and instruction are valuable for anyone ! I found the 58 topics filled with direction , inspiration and truth . My heart related to and was touched by many of the chapters . You will want to share this book with the people you care about . It is a little treasure chest , and I wholeheartedly recommend it .
 I have found this book helpful in relating to others at home and at work . A manual for leadership training for all sector of life , for anyone who desire to be successful . My copy is over read and the cover is proof .
 This book does an excellent job of explaining the qualities which made Jesus the most remembered , and loved leader in all of history . It is also a good tool to help anyone , in business , or just in life , sharpen their ability to become a great leader . I highly recomend this book to anyone searching for ways to live a happier and more lucrative life . GOD BLESS !!!!!!
 Other than the Bible , there is no other book I have ever read that combines mind and heart so lucidly , and shows us how to use both to their maximum potential in service to the Lord . `` The Leadership Secrets of Jesus '' contains tough , uncompromising Bible teaching that if one is willing to walk the straight and narrow path , will lead one to new levels in life , and help reach for excellence one never thought one was capable of . It is also brilliantly written , full of a light that can only emanate from wisdom attained by God.Dr . Murdock is a great motivational writer and speaker , and his words inspire one with a fire that makes the narrow path easy , and once traveled on , an inner peace and knowing in the truth of God 's mighty Word . This book is especially valuable to those who are in business for themselves , or in a position to supervise others . There is a lot of content on the ethics and management of one 's career -LRB- `` Your integrity will always be remembered longer than your product , '' pg .21 -RRB- , planning one 's time -LRB- `` The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine , '' pg .33 -RRB- , and money -LRB- `` money is for movement , not accumulation , '' pg . 118 -RRB- . The path can not be walked without courage -LRB- `` You must be willing to go where you have never been , to create something you have never had , '' pg . 52 -RRB- , and faith and prayer . Reading the Bible on a daily basis is a priority -LRB- `` Make a daily appointment with God , '' pg . 172 -RRB- . Dr. Murdock suggests nurturing the habit by reading the book of Proverbs , since it has 31 chapters , and reading a chapter a day per month , so that it becomes a part of one 's routine.The layout of this sturdily constructed book is excellent , with a font size that is easy on the eyes , insets of `` Wisdom Keys '' that are concise and memorable , a prayer and some insightful questions to ask oneself , and a Bible quote on the subject of each chapter . If one is diligently seeking Him , and willing to walk the walk , `` The Leadership Secrets of Jesus '' can be a life-changer .
 `` The Leadership Secrets Of Jesus '' by Mike Murdoch is around 220 pages and may be read as a daily devotional or completed in a few days . There are 58 short chapters covering topics such as :1 . Jesus never hurried from place to place .2 . Jesus guarded His personal schedule and spent plenty of time with the Father .3 . Jesus avoided unnecessary confrontations with others - picked His battles wisely .4 . Jesus hurt when others hurt .5 . Jesus took time to plan and rest .6 . Jesus finished what He started .7 . And a bunch of other topics relevant to today 's world.The reader may read something already familiar , but we all need to be reminded of things , do n't we?A good read that will either enlighten or remind us of the important priorities in our lives and challenge us to live as Jesus Christ did.Recommended .
 Why do we look to everyone else to define leadership for us ? If God made us , then He knows what real leadership looks like , because He exhibited it in creating mankind . He desired to have a family to bestowe His love upon , so He took action and created one . This is ultimate leadership . He wants something ... so He creates it and makes it happen . Stop reading inferior , man-made suggestions of leadership and go straight to the source . Loved it - excellent . Simple and direct which is pure Mike Murdock . He gives no uncessary words . Settle for nothing less than what the Master has to offer - real leadership secrets .
 1st let me say you 're supposed to review the book , not give us a character assassination of Mike Murdock . Mike Murdock has an impeccable record -LRB- financial AND spiritual . -RRB- Moving on ... this book is filled with scriptures and insights as to how Jesus is a true leader and how you can follow His teachings . A great book for personal and professional development !
 It takes a special person to point out the wondorous truths contained in the Bible which have been clamouring for the average person to incorporate them into their lives.Many Thanks and God 's blessings to Mike Murdock . And , a wonderful experience awaits the next person to read this book .
 I will not get into a long review on the book , as others have already stated the books solid case . What i will say is this ... Out of many books on the subject of the nazi war criminals post-war escapes , this is the one that really illuminated much new information on the subject and re-confirmed many past rumors , etc. . . It was solidly researched , and I commend Uki Goni as I know this had to have been a long , difficult task to compile this information.I highly recommend this book .
 In the last days of World War II many thousands of Nazis and their collaborators or allies had only one thought , that of escaping justice . In a Europe teeming with literally millions of Allied and Soviet soldiers , and amid often hostile populations over whom they had previously exercised their power with frequently breathtaking brutality , how could so many have made good their escape and live out their lives in relative peace ? Uki Goni does n't have all the answers , but he sure has a lot of them.Goni is concerned in his research with how so many of these malefactors made to specifically to Argentina , more specifically , to Juan Peron 's Argentina , and why . To this end he looks at Peron 's ambitions and goals , the various networks available to him established both during the war and after its end , and at the type of people he was able to bring over . We see how routes are established -LRB- and eventually blocked -RRB- through Spain , Denmark and Sweden , Austria to Italy -LRB- Genoa -RRB- , and most importantly of all , through the good offices of the Vatican . Some of these routes and people running them overlapped , others were independent ; at times the operation seemed centered in Europe , at other times run by remote control from Buenos Aires . But throughout , there is the money , the support , the direct intervention from the very top in Argentina . \ Why ? Although Schellenberg was to remark that Argentina shared a similar world view with the Nazis , the fact is that Belgians , French , Croatian and other war criminals were defended or helped first , Germans as a general rule not until later . While Peron made an effort to bring in engineers for his jet pilot program , he was specifically looking more for Catholics , anti-communists and not Germans per se . The Vatican shared an interest in protecting Catholics , especially Croations , from deportation back to justice , and had hoped to rely on anti-communist Ustashi elements , for example , to help roll back godless Tito-communism . Goni has done tremendously detailed research , revealing more documented evidence than ever seen before , showing exactly how these various trails led from danger to South America . His work is very well footnoted , his recreation of what took place riveting . Few people , including agents representing Britain and the United States , come off looking entirely clean ; officials representing Switzerland , the Red Cross , the Vatican - including Pope Pius XII - and of course Peronist Argentina , are fully exposed.Some of the more prominent war criminals ' individual journeys are examined in greater detail - Mengele , Eichmann , Priebke , Bohne and Schwammberger . It is interesting contrast the very different lives led by some of these types , eg Mengele 's relative comfort vs Eichmann 's abased destitution in exile . Goni also sheds some valuable light on the way Eichmann was identified in the first place , and how/why the Israeli government came near to welching on their payment of the reward , paying up only 12 years after Eichmann 's capture.There is plenty of information not covered in this book ; per above , Goni is interested in the Argentine connection , not the escape of any or all war criminals , and as such does not do more than touch on the involvement of governments in Chile , Paraguay , Bolivia or Brazil as it relates to the subject . He touches but little on Skorzeny or Rudel 's involvement in the postwar scene , or join the hunt for Martin Bormann or Heinrich ` Gestapo ' Mueller . But when it comes to in indictment of his own nation , and of the enthusiastic participation of the Vatican and numerous SS or SD or collaborationist free-lancers , this book is definitive and outstanding in every way .
 Great book on the tie of Argentina to Hitlers Germany during WWII . Excelelnt insight into how the criminals were tracked down and why . Good stuff and very interesting .
 Having spent many months in north-western Argentina around the city of San Miguel del Tucuman I found this story truly amazing . It is also truly disgusting as well to find out how the Vatican assisted in the protection of many Nazis . Very factual and a `` must read '' .
 A very interesting book . A subject by which I have always been fascinated .
 Everyone has heard about the myth of Odessa , the secret organization with hidden contacts intended to provide sanctuary for the worst nazi criminals after the end of the Second World WarAfter six of years of deep research in Argentina and Europe , Mr. Go & ntilde ; i shows clearly how the actual Odessa operated smuggling nazis from the Old continent to the South American secluded country , unveiling a contact network made by pro-nazi Peron Argentine government assistants , corrupted diplomats , first rescued nazi criminals with new identities back in Europe , far right Europe politicians acting as liaisons and priests of the Catholic Church in the VaticanEvery interview , record , event and character mentioned is cited with its reference source allowing the reader to delve further in every single topic of his choiceMany novels are written about the Nazi war criminals and their secrecy as a marketing tool in order to attract avid suspense readers and make run of the mill bestsellers , unlike those stories , this is an objective and factual work written as a documentary that can be used in any college course as a contemporary history text book.Great job
 The Real Odessa
 THE REAL ODESSA is an interesting expose of the escape of Nazi criminals into Argentina during the time of Juan Peron 's reign . As a former exchange student to Argentina , an admirer of Eva Peron , and a person in the process of conversion to Judaism , it is understandable why THE REAL ODESSA would hold interest for me.Rumors and accusations of nazism have long circled around the figure of Juan Peron , leading many to think that Peronism was simply the South American extension of the Nazi party . Books like THE REAL ODESSA are now being published to bring the truth forward . Part of that truth is that Juan Peron himself was not a Nazi and did not subscribe to any Nazi ideology . As Lawrence Levine notes in INSIDE ARGENTINA FROM PERON TO MENEM , Peron 's own views and his political associations were not anti-Semitic
 I can not remember what led me to this book but thankfully I did get to read it . And having read it am still suffering the effects . I consider this to be the sign of a great book.While the details are many , Mr. Goni manages to relate them in a cogent and cohesive fashion - no small feat considering the depth of his research.Less a blame game than an outright castigation of idealogues , this book is an absolute must in understanding WW2 and its aftermath.I followed the book with a viewing of `` Hotel Terminus
 A solidly researched , well-written piece of work on the Argentine side of the ratlines smuggling Nazi war criminals out of Europe after WWII . After reading Uki Goni 's book , you 'll never look quite the same way at the Vatican , the Red Cross , the Perons , or British and U.S. intelligence for that matter.Goni , an Argentine journalist and son of a diplomat , was able to write this book despite government displeasure at his work , probably because he was too high profile to `` disappear . `` This review is kind of a twofer . I bought The Real Odessa after reading Phillip Kerr 's A Quiet Flame . The Real Odessa was his source material . Like all great writers , Kerr bases his Bernie Guenther novels -- fiction -- on well-researched facts and intelligent speculation .
 The most damning information that Goni found was that the Vatican had no qualms about helping `` good , honest , catholics '' from escaping their fates in Europe for what the did during WW2 . Hundreds -LRB- maybe thousands -RRB- of SS and those who ran the ` concentration camp ' system were smuggled out through Italy and Spain with the connivance of the Church and the IRC -LRB- International Red Cross -RRB- . Everyone turned a blind eye to those men -LRB- like Mengele and Eichman -RRB- who used phony names on passport applications that were signed by ` fellow travelers ' . In many cases Argentina would allow five or six jews to immigrate on a ship that carried SS Officers and their families so as to look magnanimous . What 's worse is that Pope Pius XII , who never made public statements about the plight of the Jews before and during the war , was complicit in giving protection and succor to the perpetrators of the ` worst genocide ' ever committed . In fact , none of those who were later condemned at Nuremburg or escaped , were ever ex-communicated . Monsignor Montini -LRB- who was later to be elevated as Paul VI -RRB- acted as co - Secretary of State for Pius during this time and met regularly with the groups in the Vatican who were working to help SS and others to emigrate to Argentina . Unfortunately , the Vatican still refuses to open up the Archives from Pope Pius XII and allow scholars to review documentation of correspondence between the Holy See and Buenos Aires during this time.Though many of the Argentine archives relating to those who were smuggled out of Europe were destroyed in 1996 , enough is left over in other places that show who help develop the ` ratlines ' that allowed these murderers to escape prosecution for their deeds . Sadly in many cases both the governments of the US and UK assisted in helping these people hide in the hope of fomenting unrest back behind the ` Iron Curtain ' or using their scientific knowledge.Zeb Kantrowitz
 It is getting dark in the Alps . A night trip begins . The journey starts from the local Church in the town of Vinaders close to Insbruck in Austria . The path is exhausting and steep going through the Alps . First you reach the Italian border , and then descend to Brennerbad and reach the local Church there . This might sound like the kind of adventurous hike organized by a local tourist agency today . In 1945 as the Second World War came to an end , this night hike was undertaken many times by travelers who where in fact Nazi war criminals . They were guided by members of a secret agency soon to be known as the ODESSA . Their aim was to escape from justice and head for freedom in Latin America . Hardcore Nazis , Ustashi , Belgian Raxists and Slovaks were among the many fugitives who , as Uki Goni reveals in his book `` The Real ODESSA '' , escaped from war-torn Europe for a new life and a new identity in Argentina and , later on , countries such as Paraguay and Uruguay.Since the end of the war , the subject of how Nazi war criminals were smuggled into South America has been speculated over by journalists , historians and even fictional writers , notably Frederick Forsyth in his novel `` The ODESSA File '' . `` The Real ODESSA '' is one of the first books to describe in detail the inner workings of this secret organization , the existence of which has been denied for many years . The night trip mentioned above is one such detail revealed by the Argentine-born author who describes other similar escape routes or `` ratlines . `` Perhaps the most revealing aspects of Goni 's book are to do with the collaboration of the Argentinian government , led by President Juan Peron , and the fleeing Nazis , who found a safe haven in Argentina and some of the surrounding countries . Goni did an incredible amount of research in the Argentinian national archives , particularly immigration records . He manages to identify about three hundred war criminals who were provided with a safe haven in Argentina , among them Erik Priebke , Gerhard Bohne , Jozef Schwammberger as well as the creams of the crop , Jozef Mengele and Adolf Eichman.After doing six years of research and conducting hundreds of interviews , Goni expertly highlights the complicity of Juan Peron 's government , as well as the involvement of Vatican priests , in allowing these mass murderers to escape justice . The ease with which the war criminals were able to emigrate to Argentina contrasts with the difficulties faced by Jews who , when trying to escape persecution in Nazi Germany , were denied entry to Argentina . Goni devotes an entire chapter , titled `` War Games '' , which describes how Juan Peron and Hitler deliberately made it impossible for Jews to find a safe haven in Argentina by branding them as undesirable.The revelations in Goni 's excellent book are explosive and embarrassing , even damaging . In 1996 , when officials within the Argentine government became aware of Goni 's research , they panicked and tried to burn all the documents in the archives . However , fortunately for historians , researchers and the public , Goni had already discovered much of the truth about Peron 's close association with the Nazis and the involvement of anti-communist Vatican officials like Bishop Hudal . Goni reveals that it was Peron 's intention , with Hudal 's support , to get as many Nazis into Argentina , believing them to be `` freedom fighters '' against communism.Compared to the number of war criminals who successfully escaped justice , very few were brought to trial and punished . This book , whilst a work of non-fiction by a journalist , sometimes reads like a novel , proving the old adage that truth is sometimes stranger than fiction . Goni has revealed an incredible amount of detail in his book though there remains much more in the archives . However , whilst it is not always possible to highlight everything it is important , according to Goni in an interview with the History Channel , that `` we need to get as close to the truth as possible '' .
 This is a very good account of the fleeing to Argentina but readers should keep in mind that this was only one country who offered a safe haven to war criminals . The Real Odessa chronicles how Per&oacute;n 's government brought Nazi war criminals to Argentina yet ignores the other countries who did the very same thing for a wide variety of reasons . The five primary hiding places were Syria , Argentina , Brazil , Mexico , and ... ta-da ! -- the United States . I would like to see a more complete history of the help given to Nazis . Some countries did it for pay , the United States for intelligence information . In either case , murderers were knowingly set free among citizens of five nations .
 In 1920 decade , Argentina had a currency even more strong , as british pound.In fact , in 1938 Argentina had a better standard of living than Japan or Italy.Since Peron 's times in 1950 decade , Argentina is just a third world country.This book is about the link between Peron and the smuggling of nazists -LRB- and fascists -RRB- to Argentina.Good work , but I must remeber some failures :1 - I found this book weak , about the corrupt Juan Peron 's wife , Evita Peron.She was even worse than described in this book.2-About the nazi scientists that went to Argentina , this book is weak.They made too little results for too much spending.3-The Argentina 's calamity began in 1930 , after a military coup.Its last chapter is n't over until today.Peron is the worsest argentine in all times.Peron was n't a nazist -LRB- and this book shows this fact -RRB- ; but Peron was a corrupt and incompetent leader.More than anyone else , Peron sent Argentina to a third world level of living .
 Superb , detailed , readable chroncicle of the Nazi-Argentina escape process , with chilling details and look - 'em - in-the-eye realism.Includes lots of `` behind the robes '' scoop on the Catholic Church 's involvement too.Literally a must-read for anyone with an interest , scholarly or casual , in WW II 's aftermath
 I read this book in the late 70 's and it is still vivid in my mind . Nothing ` flowery ' or ` juvenile ' in this book .
 This short book contains the story of Humberto Alexander 's 22 years in Castro 's prisons . It is a story of courage and faith under the ugliest of conditions . Alexander was shot , tortured repeatedly , starved , and treated in the most unspeakably inhuman ways , yet through it all his faith in Christ allows him and his fellow prisoners to survive and even to love those who were torturing them . You will not regret reading this book !
 Did you ever wonder why large numbers of Americans do n't risk their lives crossing the Florida Straits to get into Cuba ? None of us could understand the fear and oppression of Castro 's communist regime like those who have lived under it , but this book gives insight into the repressive nature of a secular regime and the spiritual strength that overcame it .
 I read this book years ago and now I am writing this because I have come across another book , Tortured for Christ , that I will be picking up . A few years before that was published , however , this one was . Let me tell you , after reading this gripping , sad and eventually triumphant -LRB- how else would he have been able to get this in print ? -RRB- story , I never , never again had any shred of respect for Castro . I probably did n't anyway , but ignorance does n't excuse it . After reading this , I have never trusted anything I have heard or read about that man or his regime if it purports to be something `` good '' about communist Cuba . Not the people , the regime . This story is one that needs to be read and shared , especially now as we seem to moving toward `` de-thawing '' the relationship with this thug . I do n't pretend to know much more than what I have read and seen . I 'm not of Cuban descent . For what people may think of this dictatorship , this book brings out some sad accuracy .
 I first got hooked on autobiographies , when I read a book by Richard Wurmbrand . Then a friend told me about this book and I got it immediately , and read it in about 2 days . I 'm not a reader , like seriously , I do n't enjoy reading at all . But I could n't put this book down . Noble Alexander was an incredible man of God and I am humbled and challenged when I read his story . This book will change your life !
 I know author Kay Rizzo , and this woman has penned one of the chilling , inspiring bios of all time ! Noble Alexander 's harrowing saga of survival in a Cuban prison will move you to tears . The story of loaded with drama , pathos , and the unmistakable care of an intervening heavenly Father . This is one thrilling ride .
 This is a great book . Is a true Story and a lot of History . I wish everyone would read this book .
 I 've just finished reading this book . It is an amazing story of resilience , courage , and hope of one man , Noble Alexander , under severe torture and cruelty in a Cuban communist jail . The depths of cruelty a regime would stoop to break a person requires more than physical strength to withstand . Noble 's faith in God , to have a conscience free of communists 're - education ' in jail , and his subsequent flight to freedom is a miracle . With socialism and atheism creeping it 's ugly head in the west , we should rethink our fortunes as free men and women . A most touching story I 've read in recent times .
 I love this book . Although the cover is very simple , the story about Alexander truly touched my heart . Communism has to be one of the ugliest form of governments devised by man and Alexander clearly shows it . He was imprisoned for over two decades by the Castro regime on trumped up charges , just because he was preaching Christ in the church . He never denied Christ even though he suffered greatly . I felt the hand of God in every trial Noble endured.And as God promised in the end he delivered Alexander from the hand of Castro . His story read like a modern day gospel . I loved how he brought most of the Christians together even though they were from different denominations . This is how the true church of God should be , we loving each other , instead of being separated by theology or other ridiculous differences.Noble died later during his freed life . Hence the title , he did die free . I wonder whatever happened to his son and wife from Cuba , who disowned him because he refused to accept the Castro regime . This story should be made into a movie !
 this book rocks ! i 've always wondered what the value of my video game collection was ... and now i know ! this book has caused me to start collecting again and now i know what fair prices are to pay for video games . i wo n't be ripped off again !
 This book is one of five books involving the American CIA and the Russian KGB . The book is about espionage involving Mark Girland , a former CIA agent and his Russian counterpart , Malik , not ex-commando Corridon as one of the reviewers stated .
 One of his books on Corridon - as usual , a thriller masterpiece . Unfortunately , I 've not been able to find Chase 's books since I came to the US . Wish amazon.com could help .
 This is perhaps the best value in pictorial architecture books . For under $ 20. , this book has great photos , straightforeward text , clearly reproduced drawings -LRB- including construction details !! -RRB- , all superbly graphically designed . Even if the architecture does n't appeal to you , the overall presentation of it in this book will . If you do like the architecture -LRB- which I think is a beautiful modern adaption of conventional New England vernacular -RRB- , then this book is a must-have . You wo n't find this quality in books two or three times the cost !!
 The careful photographs compliment the equally fine details in the buildings of this excellent architect . After a year , I 'm still looking at it often .
 This is a terrific book with terrific material to present . It is part of a wonderful series . The organization , text , photos , and drawings are all excellent . More authors/publishers should learn to present architecture this well . It 's a book I study often for inspiration as Forbes ' work is very elegant and spare
 Written in Nynorsk , very hard going for someone who only reads Bokmaal as second language . To my surprise , a friend who reads Swedish undestands the language of the book better than I do . Swedish is apparently closer to old Norwegian than is Bokmaal . What 's needed for success
 i enjoyed this immensely . it was an engaging narrative of the 3rd and 4th books .
 When I first read this book , I felt that the characters were too strange and the plot -LRB- s -RRB- unbelievable . But after I had finished it , I kept thinking about the book and the characters -- it was as if they would n't leave my mind ! I eventually bought a copy and I have since re-read it several times . If you like offbeat fiction and unusual characters , you 'll love this . I found the romance of Kitty and Rambeau to be the most `` real '' part of the book , and very touching .
 I just started reading this book a few days ago , but I all ready feel as though I 'm on my way to becoming a pro at playing gospel music . Robert makes learning simple and easy without all the lingo that can sometimes deter an aging mind . I hope to purchase volume 2 in the future !
 This book was a real find for someone who wants to learn how to play the piano and black gospel at the same time . It is very basic and easy to use .
 Author has a good teaching style and the book is written in laid back informal English so you do n't get a headache from reading dry music theory . And if you ca n't read music do n't worry because you will learn that along the way in this book .
 It would be hard to overpraise this exceptional book . Written by two people who are master practitioners of our grandparents ' ways of living as well as master gardeners , this book is a gem!It is at once a book on gardening -LRB- flowers , herbs , fruits & vegetables -RRB- and independent living , a book of recipes and remedies , and an arresting narrative of thirty years of work creating a self-sufficient life -LRB- and all manner of wonderful gardens -RRB- on the bare bones of an old , abandoned farm on Cape Breton Island , Nova Scotia . It is also a book of considerable visual beauty , being generously illustrated in vibrant watercolors by Champlain Valley artist Elayne Sears.I found Gardens of Use and Delight not only meaningful and enjoyable reading , but also a very useful reference for many aspects of flower , herb , fruit and vegetable gardening , and for all manner of things `` homemade . '' The recipes in the chapters , `` The Kitchen Garden , '' `` The Contained Garden , '' and `` An Old-Fashioned Fruit Garden '' are mouth-watering gems often rescued from the cookbooks of yesteryear -LRB- the Herb Salt and Apple Ginger recipes to name two favorites ! -RRB- And the wisdom and humanity distilled from the lives of these two people who decided to truly live their beliefs is instructive and inspiring.Perhaps more importantly , though , the book is a reminder of the elements of a rich and healthy life that have been forgotten , if not lost , in these times.I recommend it highly !
 Jigs Gardner and his wife Jo Ann went off to farm and teach troubled boys in northern Vermont . Next they moved with their four small children to an abandoned farm on Cape Breton Island and lived there for thirty years . With no motor vehicle , they plowed and moved the hay wagon with draft horses . On the thin , poor soil they raised livestock for meat , they grew vegetables and herbs , and everywhere they grew flowers . Their life on Cape Breton is the thread running through this splendid book ; but , subtitled , Uniting the Practical and Beautiful in an Integrated Landscape , it is mostly a thoughtful guide to productive farming while living in harmony with one 's natural surroundings.Simply reading the table of contents is a treat : Part One
 This is a fascinating book full of practical information on growing and using what you grow . The illustrations are beautiful . I 'm very happy with this book .
 Scholars typically behave a bit like lawyers , beginning with a statement of what they want to prove and then adducing the evidence . Although Platt adheres to scholarly procedures , the spirit of his book differs from conventional scholarship . He begins not with a thesis but with a question
 Robert Williams ' comix are amazing . Very violent & vulgar , but amazingly executed . I prefer his black & white comic work over his oil paintings any day . Unforntunately his comic output is pretty small . Nonetheless the several comics presented here are amazing . Extremely detailed and bizarre and they ooze with a feeling of being high.My personal favorite tale is `` Mentor in the Mentor Jar '' . Insane ideas such as ` Gorilla Women of the Third Reich ' , Atrillo Trilobite and the fate of ` Mr. Baldpubis ' puts Robt . Williams in a class all of his own.Years ago I went and bought all the individual ZAP comics when i learned Mr. Williams did comic work . These issues are great for you can see the work of the other underground greats , but Hysteria in Remission presents Williams ' work in a lovely LARGE format -LRB- even at the size , the detail boogles my grey matter -RRB- and on beautiful glossy paper rather than fading pulpy newsprint grade paper.Get this book for the insane-ness , the fantastic execution in india ink and completeness of Williams ' comic work -LRB- early days all the way up to model sheets for an animated series , Jack Clum , Dream interpreter done in 2001 . a great piece of work from Fantagraphics - THANK YOU.Now i need to save up some cash to purchase MALICIOUS RESPLENDENCE ...
 This book has everything . The perfect , comprehensive companion to Fantagraphics ' 1998 collection , MALICIOUS RESPLENDENCE . MALICIOUS has all of the paintings , while HYSTERIA has all of the comix and illustration . It is astounding how provocative and powerful this work is , and that so much of it has been allowed to slip out of print over the last 25 years despite Williams 's extraordinary success in the fine art world . His comics bulge -LRB- as Jim Woodring says , `` often literally '' -RRB- with greater imagination than even his paintings , what is amazing is how few people are doing comics like this anymore . There may have never been a better pure draughtsman in comics , his work rivals Crumb and even classic strip artists like Hal Foster or illustrators like Howard Pyle , but what truly sets Williams apart is the sheer visceral force of his imagery . If anything lives up to the old cliche of , `` This will blow your mind , '' it 's HYSTERIA IN REMISSION .
 ROBERT WILLIAMS `` HYSTERIA IN REMISSION '' -LRB- January 2013 -RRB- Fantagraphics Books , 2002 , Signed & Numbered Hardcover Edition -LRB- The only book , that collects ALL * of his DRAWINGS -RRB- What I own of the original -LRB- first editions ! -RRB- comics where the drawings came from :1 . `` Snatch Comics '' No. 3 -LRB- 1969 , very small in size
 Robert Williams is one of the few bright lights in today 's art world . Combining a staggering imagination with a powerful illustrative style , his works provoke and antagonize the viewer like no others , and demand scrutiny.This book shows the evolution of this mad genius by taking us through all of his cartoons , comics , and illustrations , -LRB- no paintings -RRB- from his first commercial drawings to recent times . It is very interesting to see these after becoming familiar with his oil paintings . The quality of the various items within varies widely , from very crude , to masterly.Some of his comics are extremely smuttty and raw , much more than most of his paintings even . But if you have a sick sense of humor , you 'll appreciate them . If you 're not familiar with his work , I 'd recommend `` Views From a Tortured Libido '' or `` Malicious Resplendence '' as your first Robert Williams book .
 If you like -LRB- or are a fan of -RRB- Robert Williams , or under ground comics , this is an amazing book . Buy it !
 Every cartoony thing the man has done ... Early through Zap and into the 90 's . No more need be said . -LRB- his commentary is worth the price .
 Aimed at ` A ' level and undergraduate history students this book delivers information in easily digested ` chunks ' . There are numerous useful primary sources , documents , posters , all presented in a concise , easily understood format . That 's not to say Welch has simplified or ` dumbed down ' historical facts , on the contrary , he has managed to pack this book with a remarkable depth of information.All major areas of this period are covered , from the Austro-Hungarian Empire and its eventual demise through to the World Wars and beyond . The Russian revolution is examined as is the rise of Nazi Germany . Highly recommended for any student of this period .
 In contrast to the other reader , I 've known Johnny France since * my * childhood LOL . This is a gripping crime story that also gives a native 's glimpse into a community and a way of life that 's rapidly changing . Read this as much for a taste of western Montana as it once was as much as for the murder story .
 I 've know Johnny France since he was a young man . Without his dogged determination , these two killers might not have ever been captured . Don Nichols is still in prison and most likely will never get paroled . This book tells fascinating tale almost too strange to believe in these modern times . Great reading !!
 Paratrooper Robert L. Wilson lived the experiences in this book . It tells of a pivotal operation during World War II that abruptly ended German-Nazi domination of the European continent . Historically , Operation Varsity was overshadowed by Patton 's push across Germany . Wilson and his co-author son give full credit to those courageous ground troops commanded by Patton and Montgomery , but the focus of this book is on the lesser known paratroop action.In December 1942 , Robert L. Wilson joined the Army . At that time , Parachute troops were a fledgling group . When approached to join this elite group . Wilson agreed . The training was rigorous , but young Wilson fully ascribed to the Parachutist 's creed , which said in part : `` I realize that a parachutist is not merely a soldier who arrives by parachute to fight , but is an elite shocktrooper and that his country expects him to march farther and faster , to fight harder , to be more self-reliant , and to soldier better than any other soldier . `` In March 1945 , the 464th Parachute Field Artillery Battallion joined several other Paratroop divisions in an unprecedented airborne drop into Germany . No enemy force since Napoleon had effectively crossed the Rhine River but Operation Varsity changed that . The paratroopers had been told to expect a 50 % casualty rate because the Germans knew they were coming . That day , 17,122 paratroopers landed en masse to do battle with the Germans for control of their territory.Paratroopers and planes faced heavy artillery flak , anti aircraft cannons , and small arms fire . On the ground , under grueling artillery fire , the 464th swiftly assembled Howitzers airdropped with them . They were the first airborne artillery unit to fire a Howitzer east of the Rhine , and surely earned their place in history that day . Meter by meter the Paratroopers and their Howitzers blasted a path through the Germans dug in along the battle 's perimeter . Man to man and hand to hand , for one full day then two , paratroopers who survived hacked their way through the German lines . The paratroopers had been advised to take no prisoners , but hesitated to kill first hundreds , then thousands of surrendering German troops . Instead , they utilized German prisoners to pull cannons and dig foxholes . This continued until all fighting ceased and thousands of Nazi soldiers lay face down at their feet in a posture of surrender.Robert L. Wilson 's first hand report of his training stateside and in France , culminating with the Rhineland battle , is a fascinating story . This is a precious history of unsung American heroes from an aging generation of warriors . What truly magnificent men these were ! I highly recommend A Paratrooper 's Panoramic View to mature readers of all ages .
 I wanted to read this book to learn more about Operation Varsity -LRB- larger than D-day and in the daylight -RRB- in part because my father jumped with the 507 PIR , and there are not many books out about Varsity or the 17 th Airborne , at least not compared to D-Day . I found the book to be excellent regarding background and organizational information , to the point that I may send it to my Dad . It is particularly informative as it pulls information on Paratroopers from many sources , some of which I had already read , an excellent job in that regard . The reservation on this book is that there is relatively little information on what happens past two days after the jump .
 Very interesting book . we know the author and have heard his of his experiences during the war . The book is informative and interesting , they were a brave bunch of men . Highly recomend it to everyone .
 This personal momoir adds to the body of World War II history .
 This book will inspire quilters to endeavor to produce more quilts as well as improve quality . The hardships experienced by Tallulah are written in a way that causes our hearts to emotionally bond with her .
 This book 's accomplishment is stunning . I 've read it three times , each time discovering new layers of meaning . This is one of those books that becomes part of one 's experience . The best kind.It also affords a model for the work of any aspiring cultural or material historian . And certainly it offers a student of quilt history and/or women 's history a rare model and an extraordinarily complex and detailed picture of the life of one woman and her quilts in one time and place.The book is completely belied by the determinedly and obviously biased views of two reviewers who posted to Amazon.com reviews . I can not help wondering if they read the same book I read . Their criticism is of the South , not of the book . And it is a criticism of a stereotypical South , at that , not a region far too complex to comprehend in one sweep of bias . And certainly not the world captured in its minutae in this book.LEGACY
 I took this family history for what it was , , , one account of both the trials and joys in the life of a one woman and her family . That these happened to begin in the south post Civil War era was part of that story . And , the historical view points where that of the south during that time . For those who are disturbed by these and would like a pure factual account of this period in our country 's history , I suggest that you watch the PBS series , `` The Civil War '' produced by Ken Burns . This book is not the place to look for those facts . This is a book of `` Remembrances '' . I loved this book . Talula 's outlook on life was uniquely her own . Not all women during that period of history could have adjusted to her circumstances . In fact , her older sister had a much more difficult time . The south was totally economically destroyed . And many times it fell on the shoulders of the women to carry on after their husbands left them alone with children to feed and care for.Take note of Talula 's personal philosophy
 A great combination of quilts and the lives of the quilters that made them . The book shows the hard times and lives of these ladies and how quilting worked into their daily lives . A great read in between your own quilting projects . And a great gift for a quilter friend too .
 THIS IS FOR SURE A 5 STAR BOOK . I am so glad I found this wonderful book , what an education , so much to be learned from people from this time .
 This book is wonderfully written , and had me deeply interested in its subjects even without the fascinating quilting history . I felt maybe ten times , though , while reading it , that there were imposed tones of near-racism from the author . Hers is the classic tone of those from the South who do n't want to admit - ever - that there were wrongs committed . The simple , wonderful ancestors of the author taught lessons in their own story , which she told very well , but her attempt to restate all the lessons as defenses of the South in general seemed out of place in the simple environment of her grandmother . Without these few interjections , and an unnecessary afterword to that effect , this is a marvelous book .
 One of the largest contributions of this book is its effort to combine economic history with cultural analysis . Livingston takes the time to distinguish important structural changes in the US economy during this period -LRB- 1850-1940 -RRB- . More cultural historians and critics should grapple with this material -- Livingston can wean us off of blanket labels -LRB- `` incorporation , '' `` Gilded Age '' -RRB- that leave no room for thinking through the more dynamic relations of the economic and the cultural.A second virtue of this book is Livingston 's provocative , polemic argument . Although his political sympathies are with the left , he offers a strong critique of the tendency among left historians to see the emergence of corporate capitalism as the effective end to any chance for victory on the left . This `` tragic '' mode of analysis , Livingston argues , means we can only remain mired in a nostalgic orientation toward the past . Livingston turns to two cultural formations -- literary naturalism -LRB- especially the fiction of Theodore Dreiser -RRB- and pragmatism -LRB- especially William James -RRB- -- to argue for a `` social self '' that offers hope for political progress but is not inherently at odds with corporate capitalism . I 'm still not sure if I buy Livingston 's argument , but his frame of analysis and reflections on history and models of selfhood are tremendously fruitful.Although the book is largely an advanced academic study , it is clearly written and free of jargon . Well read students of American history and culture will be able to follow the analysis .
 This is a work of conceptual brilliance , in its argument about why pragmatism occurred when it did , its cultural ramifications and its current importance . In addition Livingston illuminatingly connects pragmatism with post-modernism .
 Hartley does a great job with structure and background . I had hoped to see a bit more interaction with the actual grammar although he does a very good job interacting with semantic and lexical questions . He also does well tracing larger Biblical Theological motifs . I recommend this volume highly .
 I used this textbook in my first calculus class . The applied calculus class showed me some of the things this stuff can actually be used for . The authors and editors have combined excellent graphics , and outstanding homework problems . If you are a gluton for punishment from word problems , or if you need help at the most basic level of calculus , this is the book you 'll need .
 I needed to brush up on my business calc for some different classes . I was able to get this book used for super cheap . It helped a great deal .
 George MuellerBy Faith Coxe Bailey Reviewed by Lindsay WoodsThis is a really cool book . I read it all in two sittings , which is not a regular occurrence for me . It 's about a young man living in Germany , who struggles with authority and feels that everyone wants to dominate him - his father , the police , even a publican who had him arrested . On leaving School he attends the University of Halle , where he is a divinity student - -LRB- his fathers wish -RRB- , he has no great interest in God . A chance reunion with an old acquaintance eventually leads to his acceptance of Jesus at a prayer meeting.From here he has notions of mission work , meets with a missionary to the Jews , decides thats what he should be doing , learns Hebrew , prays very fervently , tells his dad , dad says it 's dumb and cuts his finance , George says `` go ahead and cut it , I 'm not taking any money from you again '' . From here the story develops of George 's total dependence on God and no one else . He needs money to get through his studies , and when he prays God miraculously provides for him.He travels to London where he is starts a probationary period with a society that reaches Jews for Jesus . However George is frustrated by the emphasis on study , when people could be getting saved , so he leaves . From there he takes up a position as minister in a small church in Teignmouth , gets married to Mary , and the idea of financial reliance on God develops . The church paid George 's salary by renting the best seats in the church to those with cash . George wanted God to finance him , and his conviction was that he would ask no-one else but God for money , the point being to prove that God answers prayer . God did support him , as he prayed.He moves on to Bristol where he starts a chapel with good friend Henry Craik , and they minister to the slums , and endure disease outbreak , which actually takes George 's son . On seeing a child caged into a children 's home , he decides to start a school for the poor children . Lack of money is always the perceived issue by George 's associates , but George proves that by praying and being patient God brings the money . He opens his school . But many students were so poor , they were shipped off to the home , where there are unable to leave to goto school . George believed God wanted him to start an orphanage for these children . He prayed very specifically , with an exact sum of money in mind , and for people to help with the work , and for clothes for the children , and so on . Then he read in the bible in the book of Psalms , and a verse struck him , that confirmed what he was doing was right . It was God 's promise to him , and he remembered it when he prayed . God provided people to do the job , and brought finance from nowhere to his doorstep . He opened the orphanage , packed it out , prayed for more , and opened another 3 orphanages over a period of time . There was never an abundance of cash , but day by day , God provided , as George prayed . Eventually , George bought land , and built a huge orphanage out of town , then four more over the years until he provided for over two thousand orphans . As he asked God for more , God gave more , donations went from shillings to pounds , to hundreds of pounds to thousands of pounds at a time - and George only asked God for it.This is a great book about the reality of God and his ability to work , and do more and more than we can imagine
 If you want to learn about a man that truly lived for Jesus . George is the guy . He will explain how it is done . So you can do it too .
 Set in the slums of Bristol , England during the 1830 's through the 1840 's . Faith Coxe Bailey 's story of George Mueller is about a man 's trust in God to supply an orphanage with 300 orphans , and the essentials to live with.George trusts God to guide him through the building of a home for unwanted children . He lives day to day , and sometimes hour to hour , praying for food and clothing for the children . Throughout the book , George wants people to believe that God answers prayers . That is why he will not ask for anything from anyone , because he relies on God to provide.In this scene from the book , George had just purchased the house that was to be used as the orphanage . He prayed to God for all of the emenities needed and within an hour , George received a huge bundle of dishes from an unknown individual.This book shows that God provides and takes care of His children . And the power of prayer can supply your needs , whatever they may be .
 Our Church Book Club -LRB- of adults -RRB- chose to read this book . It was a very easy book , but so inspiring . Everyone enjoyed it so much . What a wonderful story about how one man can trust God for everything , and what he was able to do for orphans through that trust .
 This book was very encouraging and an easy read . A must read for those who want to be encouraged in their prayer life .
 This book was great and such a lovely ending . It was a little bit sad at the end . I still love it though !!!
 This insightful book marks the end of Ernst Cassirer 's career and suggests that his impact upon the social sciences will continue to grow . Perhaps this book 's central feature is it 's application of Cassirer 's philosophy of symbolic forms to 20th century political thought . Beginning with a lean and incisive analysis of myth and culminating with an inspection of modern authoritarianism , Cassirer succeeds in marrying an understanding of culture with an analysis of political phenomena . Readers familiar with the Western tradition of political philosophy will find their background knowledge put to good use here , as the majority of the text centers around considering various mythic conceptions prevalent in Western political theory up to Hitler 's Third Reich . Cassirer 's approach , consistent with his other works , is to stress synthetic conclusions with comprehensive analysis.The text can be divided into roughly three major section , each of which draws from Cassirer 's previous work . The first major section is Cassirer 's short exposition of his philosophy of symbolic forms . The reader is provided with several chapters identifying key elements of myth , including language , emotions , and social life . From this domain , Cassirer draws a general theory of culture , and a theory of myth in particular . His orientation to studying culture is largely operative , as he considers how myth functions emotively , cognitively , and socially.In the next section , Cassirer approaches the question of the Western state 's origins , particularly in relation to the Greek , medieval , and Renaissance traditions . All through reviewing major political theories -LRB- e.g. Machiavelli , Hegel , etc. -RRB- , Cassirer applies his functional analysis of myth , noting how Western thought developed out of myth , but does not entirely escape its influence . The final section finds Cassirer considering the genesis of modern totalitarianism , once again by working through influential thinkers . Among these include Hegel 's formulation of the State , Thomas Carlyle 's hero worship , and Joseph A. C. de Gobineau 's theory of racism.The last chapter , entitled `` The Technique of Modern Political Myths '' will be the most fascinating for reader 's familiar with Cassirer 's other major works . Here we find Cassirer in high form
 This is the cutest coloring book I 've seen in a long time , and it 's bilingual in Spanish and English . Each page describes one of Pablo Parakeet 's friends , who live in the tropical jungle . Some are endangered species . The illustrations are a riot , especially Ileana Iguana and Percival Parrot , but I guess I 'm partial to parrots and iguanas .
 Though now out-dated by 2 decades , the book allows a fine introduction to the roots of manga that should be the foundation of any knowledge of recent developments in Japanese comics .
 Ever wonder about those crazy Japanese comics called manga ? So different from American comics . Well , Schodt gives you a very readable historical perspective on them , drawing all the way back to pre-industrial Japan . But he shows that the true flowering of manga arose in post-War Japan . Manga is seen in Japan as a serious literary form . While some manga are indeed trash , others are considered on a par with novels.The book has colour plates and black and white pictures of many manga , with English commentary . Glimpses of quite a different culture.Schodt wrote his study in 1983 , when manga was still relatively unknown in the US . Few such comics were available in translated form . Hence the book was very useful in breaking through a formidable langugage barrier . But things have changed . Now US bookstores stock many English versions of manga . In fact , manga in the US possesses a unique trait . It is the only major printed form in English that often has the pages numbered from back to front , as we would term it . This of course follows the Japanese page numbering convention . The English manga retains this , to add to the ambience.The only drawback about the book is that it aches for a second edition . The intervening years have seen an even greater flowering on new manga in Japan . Plus , he could also study the influence of it on the Japanese computer games .
 Considering myself to be only an average -LRB- although passionate -RRB- gardener , I purchased this book because I was looking for a good reference on the topic of bulbs . An amazingly exhaustive volume that was honored by the American Horticulture Society and named one of '75 Great American Garden Books ' , ` Bulbs ' by John E. Bryan is almost overwhelming for the average gardener.The beginning chapters of ` Bulbs ' cover the normal gardening topics such as a brief bulb history , nomenclature , propagation , cultivation , forcing , and pests & diseases . The main bulk of the book -LRB- and it 's real use -RRB- is the alphabetical listing of bulbs by genus . Included in each genus listing are general historical and general remarks followed by advice on their culture , pests and diseases , propagation methods and an amazingly complete listing of the species . The 1,171 photographs in the book are compiled alphabetically in three sections of plates , meaning that to see the plant photo referenced in the text you have to flip to the plant photo plate section of the book . These photos are -LRB- IMHO -RRB- generally of good quality and include flower close-ups , the entire plant , historical flower drawings/plates as well as pictures of some of the bulbs in the wild of mixed quality.What makes this book seem overwhelming to the average gardener -LRB- i.e. me -RRB- is the sheer amount of information -LRB- in comparison to other gardening books -RRB- . Following the listing of each species is a description of the plant , -LRB- possibly -RRB- individual cultural information and a list of known cultivars . In the case of very large or extensively hybridized genuses -LRB- i.e. tulipa -RRB- where there are many different ` families ' of plants -LRB- i.e. Single early tulips , Darwin hydrid tulips , Lily-flowered tulips , etc -RRB- , the families of plants are listed and described in detail with a few representative cultivars listed followed by the individual species . Because of this , ` Bulbs ' can seem decidedly ` unfriendly ' toward the average gardener -LRB- i.e. someone who just wants to look up the best red tulip cultivars -RRB- . Furthermore , because ` Bulbs ' lists all of the known species within the genus and not just the common ` garden worthy ' varieties , I found it is very easy to get overwhelmed by the sheer number of entries . However , it is also this completeness that also makes this book an invaluable reference for the more advanced gardeners , collectors and scientists alike . -LRB- In the case of the extensively hybridized genuses -LRB- i.e. tulips and daffadils -RRB- , a more specialized reference book would probably be more appropiate than this through bulb survey . -RRB- Overall , I believe that ` Bulbs ' is an amazingly through book , but perhaps a little too through for the average gardener -LRB- I 'm still keeping an eye open for a good garden bulb book - and I 'm not a big fan of those smaller sized Taylor guides - any suggestions ? -RRB- . For the serious gardener , though , this book is a must read .
 After reviewing many books on bulbs , this one has risen to the top . It is easily the most thorough and up-to-date reference covering the full range of geophytes.One of the features I like best in this book is the short , easy to read and well-diagrammed Botany and Classification of Bulbs chapter . It is a very well written introduction that includes explanations of the jargon and theories used by taxonomists and horticulturists . This is a great intro for early students of horticulture to grasp the bigger picture.The majority of the book is an A-Z , with accompanying line drawings as well as hundreds of color images . Each entry covers the family , culture , pests and disease , propagation , and all relevant species . The use of the new family classification is appreciated , with a handy reference to the previous family in parenthesis.Speaking of families , there is a great explanation of all the families of bulbous plants in Appendix A. Appendix B has all the bulbs around the world listed by country of habitat . The list of flowering time is not particularly useful though becuase it only breaks down into the 4 seasons . Early , mid , and late season classifications would be nice . There is a short list of plants for specific purposes - fragrance , cutting , etc. . There is a very thorough bibliography and a common name index.This is a large and heavy book , but worth every penny . The descriptions are written in an easy to read style and it is the most thorough and complete book on bulbs I have seen .
 This is an excellent reference book , listing all types of bulbs , from the common garden variety to the more obscure varieties . Listings also include all the hybrids and new cultivars . The book is well set out with many colour photos of the different species . A must for any home library and avid gardeners anywhere .
 Fantastic
 Let me start off by saying that if you are an F1 fan especially a technical one -LRB- like myself -RRB- you ca n't pass up this book . If you do not know who Giorgio Piola is , he draws for the weekly magazine AutoSport . He is one of the best artist I have seen . His technical drawings allow you to understand the F1 cars in a technical perspective . Compared to the last edition `` Technical Analysis 98 '' , this one is even better . If you do n't have the 98 book you should order that one too . I do like the 99 book since it is written in english only as opposed to the 98 which is in italian and english , but thats not a problem . What will really impress you is the attention to detail of the drawings , but they are so easy to understand . Again this is a must for any F1 fan . Hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
 The best book for anyone who is interested in the technical side of modern F1 . The coloured illustration that make up the book are top class , clearly showing the differences between the different cars no matter how minute . The section following the development if Ferrari and McLaren from race to race is superb . Those hoping for an explanation for the different designs and the concepts behind them should look for other books , though I doubt you 'll find one thanks to F1 's secrecy , but for those who would like to really view the cars in all their beauty there is nothing to match this book .
 Actually , with this price , it 's the only known I review ! I 'm realizing scale model kits and this is the best book I found , but the previous year books are pretty dificult to find.I hope each year book , in french for me , but it 's rather withoutimportance , because the drawings are so fine ... Unfortunately , there no same books in rallying or so .
 There is a certain fascination about reading case studies but these are special . The creator of Reality Therapy , William Glasser , opens his mind to the reader explaining the processes that guide his interventions with the clients . This gives a rare insight into the mind of a great therapist and theorist . The book contains 12 case studies some of which are documented over several sessions . They provide a range of typical counselling scenarios and Glasser explains how he applies Choice Theory through Reality Therapy . Several of the cases bring very modern issues into focus.The book also offers the reader many ideas for dealing with the range of problems represented in its pages . Moreover , it shows clearly just how important a solid guiding theory is in the practice of therapy.One comforting feature for the professional therapist is Glasser 's admission of doubts and even mistakes in his process as he sometimes backtracks to change the focus of his counselling . There is a lot to be learned from his exploratory methods.I write as an Instructor in Reality Therapy with an obvious personal interest in having a resource such as this available to my own trainees . However I believe that the practice and theory presented in < < Reality Therapy in Action > > will interest all students of counselling and therapy . Its firm approval by people such as Albert Ellis , Gerald Corey and Peter Breggin is a fair indication that this book will have an appeal beyond the confines of Reality Therapy and Choice Theory.For the lay reader there is the Choice Theory message of personal responsibility , that in all human predicaments we have a choice . This is a message of hope and optimism well suited to a book that greets a new millennium .
 I am a believer in many of Glasser 's ideas and use his theory within my work . I was so excited to find a new discussion of cases because I had grown so much from < < Reality Therapy In Action > > . I received this book and upon reading the first page realized I was reading something I had read before . This book is the paperback edition of < < Reality Therapy In Action > > . I recommend the book to anyone who desires to be empowered and wants to see where you have more choices than you think . However , if you 've read -LRB- or like me own -RRB- < < Reality Therapy In Action > > , check out something else by Glasser .
 This is in my opinion one of the best works by William Glasser , one that clearly illuminates both Dr. Glasser 's thought processes as well as the ethical grid from which he makes his peoplehelping decisions . His focus on choice as the central feature of all human difficulties as well as helping efforts clearly puts him inside of a most noble tradition that includes Thomas Szasz , Harold Greenwald and John Narciso . Regardless of whether you come to this book as a professional or as a layperson , I would recommend that you closely read , study and apply what you can from the sterling case studies Dr. Glasser lays out before you in this book .
 The next best thing to watching videos of his work ! Glasser explains his techniques and concurrent thinking in a clear and concise manner . Great read and highly recommended .
 In Counseling with Choice Thoery , William Glasser demonstrates how to communicate with people who are going through difficulty in ways that help them see the power of choice in their lives . Time and time again , Glasser shows people that when they honor the fact that they can only control their own actions , they become liberated from external control . When we stop trying to control others , we can better harness our energies to work with what we can influence
 This is one of my favorite theories ! I ca n't wait to read it ! I got it 4 days ahead of the initial expected shipping date , which was a really pleasant surprise . Got ta go ... the book is calling !
 I read this book many years ago and have used his counseling ideas over and over . This time I just wanted the book again in my hands to make sure I was doing it correctly .
 I picked up this book up to help deal with personal issues following my first deployment . It helped me come to terms with reality and how to deal with it . It presented a new perspective on the way I saw reality . You discover that you can not control reality , but you can control how to react to reality . This is a tough pill to swallow for a lot of people and I bet some may totally reject the ideas presented in this book.This book is unique in which it does n't just go on and on about things you need to do to make your life better . It is presented though a series of actual documented counseling sessions the author had with individuals he counseled . Ultimately the decision to accept or reject the effectiveness of using reality theory is left up to the reader . Sometimes I found myself on the side of individual being counseled and thought that the reality theory approach was n't an appropriate solution to the issue/problem at hand . However by the end of the counseling session , I -LRB- as well as the subject counseled -RRB- became more aware of the options we have in choosing how we see and react to our own reality.I would recommend this book to anyone that feels like their world is crumbling around them . Pick it up and read it with an open mind .
 This book has been a great help . Using case studies the author gives great understanding and insight into how we relate to each other , and how we can take ownership of our own choices in life . It 's easy to read but very insightful . I recomend this book to anyone working in counceling , spiritual direction , or just wanting to understand themsleves and the people they love a little better .
 Dr. Glasser has followed up his older work with an excellent update . I recommend reading it .
 This has become one of my most valued counseling companions . For those of you who are familiar with Glasser 's Choice Theory , this is a great look into his actual practice techniques as he relates real case studies he has lead and how he has applied CT in real-life situations.Great read as well as a super resource .
 Snugglepot and Cuddlepie is honestly the best children 's book i have ever read.I first took it out at the library when i was about 9 years old , and immediately i fell in love with the little Gumnut babies , and little Obelia was my favourite . She , however , lived under the sea , which made her even more mysterious . The book has a few villains , like the Banksia men and Mr. Snake , but other than that , the Gumnuts always managed to outsmart them!Set in Australia , this book holds a multitude of charms , laughs and fascination . My love for Snugglepot and Cuddlepie will never die , even though i enter my adult years . May Gibbs , the author , does a fantastic job of illustrating and writing this gorgeous book . I recommend it to children 9 - 11 years , or anyone with an interest in nature , and wildlife mixed with fantasy .
 My mom was from Austraila , and I grew up in California . Grandma sent us this book from Austrailia when we were little , and I loved it so much . Snugglepot and Cuddlepie are two gum-nut brothers who go on a quest through the Austrailian bush to see `` humans '' . Along the way , they have many adventures . All the gum-nut people look like naked pudgy little two-year olds . The boys are either naked , or they have a gum leaf -LRB- eucalyptus leaf -RRB- for clothes -LRB- which really does n't cover anything -RRB- . They also all have caps made out of the end of a gum blossom . The girls are naked , but they have a little flower ring around their tummy , which covers as much as a swim ring . -LRB- The girls ' hats are a gum bloosom with the flower on it , so it looks like they all have fuzzy blond hair . -RRB- Do n't worry , no one has any `` private parts '' , no more than Winnie the Pooh , but there are lots of cute backsides . You just want to squeeze and hug all the little gum-nut people . Snugglepot and Cuddlepie meet lots of Austrailian animals like kookaburras , joeys , lizards , ants , and caterpillers , and the wicked Banksea men -LRB- which my mom told me were seed pods off of the banksea bush -RRB- . I get the impression that the author/illustrator had a real love for the outback , because the pictures have the detail of a botinist . The pictures are beautiful ink drawings , with some watercolor color plates . The book not have easy words for a little child to read to itself , it is more for snuggling up with mom or dad to read to you . I am going to get some for my grandkids .
 An Australian children 's classic , written and illustrated in the 1930s by May Gibbs , this is the story of two `` gumnut babies '' , tiny childlike people that live in the Australian bush . We follow their adventures meeting new friends and learning the ways of the bush and its animals , including a foray into the ocean and fish society and occasional encounters with the Bad Banksia Men!This is a beautifully written story with gorgeous illustrations that also subtly teaches the importance of caring for animals and the environment . Bear in mind that being written in the 1930s , there may be occasional moments that could be at odds with modern sensibilities -LRB- I do n't recall anything blatantly offensive , however -RRB- , but I do n't believe these should be reasons to not read the book , but rather they could be a learning point about how things have changed , etc. . I remember being entranced by the adventures of Snugglepot and Cuddlepie as a child , and the book is most suitable for the 5-10 age group , probably with an adult helping the younger ones .
 I was absolutely thrilled when I discovered that this book was available - albeit second hand . I grew up with a volume of `` Snugglepot and Cuddlepie '' and I believe that eventually it actually wore out . To be able to buy this volume that is identical to the one I had , and although secondhand , it was in top condition . I had intended passing it on to a young member of the family , but I ca n't bear to part from it . It will have to be one of those books I take down and read to children visiting my home . What a wonderful service - to be able to access books that are not available in shops ... and maybe books that you have left in the back of memories.Beverley Gledhill OAM
 I luckily came across this book at a used book store , and can easily say that is has been by far my and my daughter 's favorite book that I 've read to her at bedtime . The writing and illustrations are OUTSTANDING !!! Especially if you are a fan of Cicely Mary Barker 's flower fairy illustrations , and/or you 're an avid hobby botanist / gardener / hiker / naturalist who really loves looking at insects too . This wonderful odyssey takes place entirely ` in the bush ' and is flush with suspense and surprises . Gibbs ' rich descriptions are accompanied by her drawings that are so special they make you want to rip the page out just to frame it ! I 'm here at Amazon to pick up a few more copies to give as gifts , and just had to take the time to recommend , no INSIST , that you get this book - you will not be disappointed ! It 's not just for kids - I seriously loved this book and could n't help reading it long after my daughter had fallen asleep . This is fantasy writing at it 's best !
 Any survey of Australian children 's books would almost certainly rank two early works as the greatest.One of these is Norman Lindsay 's `` The Magic Pudding '' , about a pudding that can be cooked and eaten , slice after slice , day after day , and neer get smaller , AND , importantly , is a different kind of pudding -LRB- meat , jam , fruit , ... -RRB- depending on how you turn it , and whistle , before slicing . The pudding , known as Albert , lives in , or wears like a helmet , an earthenware pudding bowl . It has legs , and can walk -- or run ! The pudding belongs to Barnacle Bill , a whiskery old sailor , and his sidekick , Sam Sawnoff , a large penguin . Both are pretty good in fights , if they meet ruffians , and both have a sizeable repertoire of sea ballads and adventurous tales of their former lives at sea . They are joined by Bunyip Bluegum , a jaunty young bachelor koala . The trio , with impudent Albert to sustain them , wander the back-block roads of inland Australia , around 1900 -LRB- the book was published about 1918 -RRB- . Happy days ! -- a little like Toad , Mole and Rat setting off in the canary-yellow caravan . Then they meet two rascally puddin ' thieves ! Aha!The second is May Gibbs ' `` The Complete Adventures of Snugglepot and Cuddlepie '' , which began to be published around the same time as Lindsay 's book , and was completed about ten years later , and issued as a single volume.Snugglepot and Cuddlepie are two orphanned gumnuts.Gibbs ' two follow-on books , `` Scotty in Gumnut Land '' and `` Prince Dande Lion '' are possibly even better , but credit is due to Gibbs ' first great achievement!In Gibbs ' fantasy world based on plants and animals of the Australian bush , tiny -LRB- fantasy -RRB- creatures live among actual frogs , lizards , birds , snakes , koalas , kangaroos , possums , and insects -- and even fish , later in the adventure.The fantasy creatures are of two kinds . The generally good , human-like `` nuts '' and `` blossoms '' are cherub or kewpie-like boys and girls . The boys wear a gum-nut cap and a gumleaf `` apron '' , front and back , for modesty ; and the girls wear flower-blossom bonnets and dresses . They live in the bush and also congregate in `` cities '' , with trams and streets and shops.The persistently wicked fantasy creatures are like the Morlock-version of the gumnut and blossom `` eloi '' -- Bad Banksia Men . The banksias are native Australian trees that flower and leave , standing like hairy pine-cones on the branches , knobby gnarled black blobby things like demented dried corn cobs . Their `` bodies '' have many `` eyes '' -LRB- the opened seed-pod of the actual banksia-cone -RRB- , and equipped with Gibbs ' picture of legs and arms , they become wandering tramps , highway robbers , burglars , and villains , generically.Big Bad Banksia Men are aided and abetted by SNAKES , who eat lizards , birds , frogs , and gumnuts and blossoms.Fortunately large lizards -LRB- goannas , or lace monitors -RRB- are friendly to the otherwise small and relatively weak gumnuts . Fortunately , also , kookaburras -LRB- the large species of kingfisher famous for its laughing bird-call -RRB- also eat snakes.Snakes and their allies versus snakes ' prey -- the inherent conflict throughout `` Snugglepot and Cuddlepie '' . And there are actual humans -- `` in the distance '' . Snugglepot , the braver of the two `` brothers '' -LRB- they are actually from quite different families , at the beginning , but as two male orphans they band together as if they were actual brothers -RRB- , wants to see humans.Humans are feared by the tiny gumnuts and blossoms , and known to be -LRB- often -RRB- cruel the the creatures of the bush . -LRB- This is also the theme for Dorothy Wall 's `` The Adventures of Blinky Bill '' , about koalas ; a third possible `` great '' Australian children 's illustrated book of this era . -RRB- Cuddlepie is willing to go with Snugglepot , but repeatedly says timidly he only wants to see humans `` in the distance '' . They are befriended by a lizard , and have many adventures , and battle snakes and Big Bad Banksia Men.They also befriend another orphan , a blossom known as Little Ragged Blossom . She has a `` book '' of her own , and adventures , within `` The Complete Adventures of S and C '' . Later , the three main characters tumble into the sea , and , as in Charles Kingsley 's `` The Water-Babies '' , Snugglepot , Cuddlepie and Ragged Blossom are able to walk and talk and live easily among a totally different world of fishes , who also walk and talk and behave rather like Jane Austen era humans , riding sea horses , and living in underwater towns.But some of the fish would like to eat Ragged Blossom.And a fierce octopus wants to eat anything it can , including Bad Banksia Men.Happily a baby fairy princess , Obelia , is miraculously born in a pearl shell , and she has a `` book '' of her own within `` The Complete Adventures '' , in which a kind of magic spell and ancient fish prophecy is brought to a happy end . ` And they do all live happily ever after.Children old enough to listen to a long episodic rambling story of adventure , comradeship , bravery , terror , and funny things -LRB- old enough to enjoy `` Noddy '' -RRB- will love this.Children old enough to read `` Noddy '' or `` Paddington '' -LRB- both in their original chapter-book versions -RRB- will love this.May Gibbs ought to be better known internationally -- she is a world treasure!John Gough -- jagough49@gmail.com
 A most wonderful adventure for all children and adults , especially of Australian heritage .
 This book is wonderful , full of suspense and unsuspected turns of events . You get to know the characters almost immediately , and when the book is near its end , you do n't want it to end , want it to go on.From the catchy title to the theme of the book , it is A-One ! I hope Jim writes a sequel , as I would buy it in a microsecond .
 Great book with wonderful characters . You 'll find it hard to put it down .
 Very likeable -LRB- and hateful -RRB- characters ; reluctant love ; purpose of life ... Wonderful references to Wyoming , Paris , and other interesting places . Tightly written , never bogs down ... I live in Wyoming and understand the hero 's love of Wyoming . Highly recommended .
 An intriguing novel with a twist that keeps one s atttention . Could not put it down once I started . The characters seem like people that one might know and the lot is presented in such a fashion as you feel you are living it .
 Excellent read . There is an unusual mix of characters , all of which are interesting . Their interactions with each other , as odd a mix they may be , is deeply moving .
 Finally took the time to read and I am impressed ... . Great work . And I 'm not just saying that because you are my dad lol ...
 If you enjoy books that take you through the full range of emotions , I think you 'll enjoy this story . It 's a study of the human spirit that gives hope to all , no matter your circumstance . Full of caring , love , and compassion , the author seems to have a heart as big as Wyoming . My only wish was that the story had been longer ... or that I can hope for a sequel .
 Two warnings
 Barone knows American political history inside and out . He gives the reader crisp , incisive portraits of individuals from Henry Wallace to Jack Kemp , of legislation from the Taft-Hartley Act to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 -- and he shows the reader how these people and measures fit into and shaped the world as it existed in their time . -LRB- The first two chapters , in which he presents brief portraits of Chief Justice William Howard Taft and Tammany Hall politico Charles Murphy , brilliantly illuminate how Republicans and Democrats thought and felt about their country in the early 1920s . -RRB- In addition , Barone knows the hard data of politics -- survey results , voting patterns , demographics -- and analyzes them in ways which often produce striking insights . His analysis of the timing and nature of the New Deal realignment , and the patchy and hesitant way in which liberal policies came to be accepted in the three decades or so following 1932 , ought to be read by anyone interested in how ideological shifts really take place in American politics . Lastly , Barone -LRB- a journalist and former Democratic activist -RRB- recognizes and respects the achievements of the United States in the twentieth century -- and does n't define `` achievement '' solely as `` movement towards the political left '' -LRB- as many other writers on American history , even sincere admirers like Harold Evans , sometime seem to do . -RRB- I can not recommend this book highly enough to anyone with an interest in twentieth-century political and social change .
 Michael Barone is the co-creator -LRB- with Grant Ujifusa -RRB- of the Almanac of American Politics , itself an almost inexhaustible well of the curious and -LRB- sometimes -RRB- interesting . Our Country is an effort to put the same sensibility to work in a narrative history . Barone has absorbed a lot and forgotten little , and he likes to remind the reader of things others are more likely to forget . Civil rights , for example . One wing of the Republican party had its roots planted firmly in the abolitionist movement , dating back to before the Civil War . You could call it `` the Eisenhower wing , '' if you were clear that it did not include Eisenhower . As general , and later as president , it seems fair to say that Eisenhower just did n't get it - not so much hostility to blacks as a kind of blank incomprehension - why were n't they willing to keep the place -LRB- one is tempted to make comparisons with General Sherman -RRB- . Lyndon Johnson , by contrast , is one who emphatically did get it . Vulnerable and insecure as he always saw himself , Johnson was able to show real empathy for the plight of American Blacks . So we have the kind of irony so familiar in politics - the soldier-statesman who did n't get it , imposing a civil rights bill on Congress against the best efforts of the cracker politician who did.Barone obviously relishes the irony there , but he likes the story in particular because of an even more consistent enthusiasm . That is
 This is required reading for all those hooked on what the White House derides as `` the cable news shows '' like Chris Matthews et al. . Barone 's years of compiling The Almanac of American Politics are manifested in this synthesis of some sixty years of national politics and his conclusion that it really is more than the economy , stupid . Is the Lewinsky Affair just a flash in the pan or will it define the landscape of American Politics at the millenium ? Can a president 's peccedillos -LRB- or other foreign sounding words -RRB- affect the national scene like race relations or the Panama canal ? Was Dan Quayle onto something when he declared a race in 2000 against our two-term incumbent ? While its timeframe does n't reach Clinton , this book offers great insight into the schizophrenic poll results of late that seem to have pundits on the right and left tied up in knots trying to explain/spin .
 Barone 's history of politics from Roosevelt to Reagan was a very enjoyable read . He included historical polling information throughout the book -LRB- presidential popularity , etc. -RRB- that really illustrated his theory on political trends . I knocked off one star from my rating because at times I felt the author 's own political opinion overshadowed the points he was trying to make.Definitely worth reading .
 `` Please , make me the gardener of your flower garden '' , a lover asks his beloved . He calls himself a servant and his beloved the queen . He dreams to serve her idle days . He wants to keep fresh the grassy path where she walks in the morning ; he wants her feet to be greeted with praise at every step by the flowers.And what he wants for his reward ? He asks to be allowed to hold her little fists like tender lotus-buds and slip flower chains over her wrists ; to tinge the soles of her feet with the red juice of flower petals and kiss away the speck of dust that may chance to linger there.This is the way Rabindranath Tagore , the greatest Indian poet of all times , introduce us to this enchanted collection of poems , poems that touch the most profound strings of our hearts . His poems tell us about love and life - and they are rich with the description of nature and beauty . Anybody that loves or has loved can not remain indifferent to his poems . Some readers `` have smiles , sweet and simple , and some a sly twinkle in their eyes . Some have tears that well up in the daylight , and others tears that are hidden in the gloom . '' But we all have need for him , the poet , who is `` ever as young or as old as the youngest and the oldest of the village '' . His poems tell us of impossible love - like the love of the free bird and the cage bird
 I 've heard of Rabindranath Tagore and his poetry ever since I the fifth grade when my literature teacher used to quote him on an occasion . At the time I did n't understand much of what those poems were about , but was interested in reading eventually reading them on my own . Over the years I had not though much about it , but in recent years my interest in poetry has been rekindled . When I came across several of his poetry collection on Amazon I decided to take a look at them and see what the hype was all about.Tagore was the first non-European to win the Nobel Prize . Unfortunately , Nobel Prize in literature has had a rather checkered history . Many of its early recipients are largely forgotten today , and many of the recent prizes have been given for political , rather than literary , reasons . I approached Tagore 's poems with a grain of salt , but my skepticism proved to be unwarranted . His poetry is of the highest caliber , and his literary reputation is well deserved . He is not read much in the English-speaking world any more , which is a shame . He deserves to be rediscovered and his poetry reintroduced to the new generation of readers . `` The Gardener '' is a collection of love poems , where the lover compares himself to a gardener and the beloved to his queen . The verses are intricately woven and they explore the depths of love , its anguish as well as the sublime desires . The poems are rich with imagery and allegory . As in many others of Tagore 's works , these love poems can be read on many levels , but they are particularly perceptive of our innermost spiritual strivings .
 excellent collection of indian poetry . found it accidently while browsing in a huge 6 story library . quite a lucky find .
 I ordered the audio book and have listened to it over and over . I never get tired of the story and hope that anyone interested in nature will read or listen to it.What a great story , with many hidden meanings . I love it !
 Few works of contemporary non-fiction have had more lasting impact on the social consciousness of the overall society from which it arose than `` The Other America '' , Michael Harrington 's now classic tome on the egregious conditions under which what we would now call the `` underclass '' lived in mid-20th century American society . With an uncommon verve and uncanny precision , Harrington painstakingly detailed the disgusting and shocking realities of life for those many millions of Americans of both color and ethnicity living lives of desperate poverty in the midst of the affluent society . Millions of readers , myself included , were shocked to discover the extent to which this world coexisted with our own , and many of the social action programs that arose in the 1960s and thereafter used this book as a kind of reference guide to the realities of poverty in contemporary society . Indeed , what is most disturbing about anyone re-reading the book is the discovery of how little conditions have changed for those who through the accident of birth , color , and ethnic origin , find themselves inexorably trapped in the vicious cycle of poverty.Sadly , for all the glad-handing of politicians and the proclamations by global corporations of the new and more widespread prosperity of the 1990s , the sobering truth is that very little progress has been made . Indeed , in more recent books such as William Finnegan 's excellent `` Cold New World '' , Harrington 's basic thesis of the co-existence of a starker , poorer , and powerless populace left stranded to live lives of quiet desperation is reconfirmed , putting the lie to the many proclamations of universal opportunity and promise that politicians now ballyhoo . The book , which was first published in the early 1960s , was required reading for most introductory sociology and contemporary history courses , and millions of young academics first learned of the extent of the national problem through a reading of this book . It is , in that sense at least , a modern classic . Harrington 's basic thesis is incontrovertible ; poverty is extensive and endemic , and is usually hidden from the view of most affluent Americans due to the ways in which the two subcultures coexist in modern society . Through the de-facto residential segregation of the two elements of the society , there is little meaningful contact , and the media tends to ignore the facts of the existence of the underclass , portraying arch-types which conform more to the sensibilities of the more affluent segments of the society that regularly view its programming and enforcing unrealistic images of what exists . As a previous reviewer commented , we no longer habituate the same environments , and we tend to avoid all unnecessary contact with anything to do with this other world of poverty and want . What Harrington originally described in such anguished and inflammatory terms , hoping to purposefully ignite America 's slumbering conscience , has instead become a permanent feature of our conscienceless socio-cultural landscape.It is a sad truth that Harrington 's book is as timely and as shocking today as it was some forty years ago . His account of the fate of millions of impoverished people of color and ethnicity remains as cogent and as relevant as it was then . Despite the long and tortured history of the social legislation that attempted to rework this problem in the decades since , the reality of the situation seems to be that nothing much has changed in terms of the life-chances and hopes of the members of the underclass . It remains a mainstay of introductory courses in social stratification , providing an excellent overview of the myriad of the sociological , political , and economic issues surrounding the underclass , and is a wonderful example of just how important one man 's vision of the truth can be in orienting others meaningfully toward rectifying a social problem . Poverty may remain , as they say , always with us , but the shocking truths found in this book still sheds the light of day into an unappetizing aspect of contemporary society we all should be aware of .
 This is the seminal work on the poor in America , analyzed within the context of government proffered , anti-poverty programs . It is a scathing critique and analysis of the war on poverty , where bold rhetoric and political grandstanding have often supplanted action . The author in his analysis categorizes poverty as a cultural and often institutional way of life that would require radical innovations , social planning , and long term financial investment , were the government really serious about eradicating poverty in America . What is amazing is that the arguments made by the author , when he wrote this book forty years ago , are still sound today .
 What is most amazing about Harrington 's book is how accurately it describes today 's society . The impact of this book , first published in the early 60s , is testament to the power that a single book can have on a nation and its people . It directly affected the thoughts and actions of President Johnson 's `` war on poverty '' . Unfortunately , this `` war on poverty '' may never come to a conclusion , even in the richest country in the world.The book itself contains a good introduction by Howe , who puts the impact of Harrington 's work in context . Filled with statistics , which are unfortunately not well referenced , the case is made that the scale of poverty in the US is a travesty and an outrage . Harrington himself lived amongst the poor and disenfranchised members of New York 's society for a brief period of time and he writes about their general hopelessness and lack of purpose in life . The descriptions and analysis of this book allow you to view the world through the ` lens ' of poverty , to know -LRB- on a superficial level -RRB- the crippling and depressing lives of our society 's poorest members . Harrington was perhaps the leading American socialist of his time , so be warned that his views and crituqes have a liberal/leftist stance and that much of the book disparages the efforts of the US government -LRB- perhaps , rightly so -RRB- . As an added bonus , this edition of the book includes some insightful afterwords by Harrington about poverty in the 70s and 80s . Overall , an important and powerful work that is a must-read for anyone concerned with the issue of poverty in the US -LRB- which should be everyone , should n't it ? -RRB- .
 Not being an American , I can not judge whether the poverty situation described in this book is still as prevalent as it was in the early 1960 's . I found the book to be a good and easy read , the author was able to get his point across and made some good suggestions . An important book that I am glad I read .
 White poor , black poor , urban poor , rural poor are included . This book was one of the driving forces behind the `` War on Poverty '' of the Kennedy and Johnson administrations . Now conservatives more than liberals see that we have a culture of poverty with generations of welfare families . Help is needed , but it has to be a workable solution . Liberals , conservatives and radicals seem not to really understand this culture . Perhaps help will come from a revived labor movement .
 During the 1950s , the poor were invisible ; during the 1960s & 70s they were to be pulled up by the Great Society programs ; during the 1980s they became the enemy of President Reagan and the middle class ; during the 1990s and 2000s the poor have become clowns to laugh at on the `` Jerry Springer Show '' . This book lends significant and valuable insight into poverty ; not just economic poverty but `` psychological '' poverty . Although this book was written over forty years ago , much of the main ideas still seem to hold true . Instead of looking at today 's poor Americans as `` lazy welfare bums '' we must look at the deep psychological and sociological subculture that is their situation . Harrington makes many interesting observations in this regard . The book is also very well written and researched.Please do not dismiss this book because of the author 's liberal and socialistic political leanings . Take it for what it is . In any case , it will give you a lot to think about .
 The Other America has been around for a very long time . I read it when it first came out in 1962 , and did not like it at all , because its basic thesis is that poverty is the result of cultural pathology -LRB- except in the case of the elderly -RRB- . At the time I was a radical SDS anti-poverty and anti-war activist , and our ideology was that the poor were exploited and discriminated against , and simply lacked money . We had nothing but contempt for the notion of a `` culture of poverty , '' because that implied that the poor were responsible for their own fate.Well , I and my friends were very wrong . There is a culture of poverty and it accounts for much poverty , and this does not mean that we should ignore it because it 's the poor 's own fault . There but for the Grace of God go I , and you , dear reader , as well.The deep accuracy and sensitivity with which Harrington portrays cultures of poverty ring as true today as a half century ago . The tragedy is that the War on Poverty and other anti-poverty measures of the last third of the Twentieth Century did not understand Harrington 's analysis , and treated poverty as the simple lack of material resources . How could the Federal Government have build public housing complexes , true breeding grounds of social pathologies , after reading Harrington 's depiction of urban poverty . What an unmitigated tragedy.Many years ago I changed from criticizing the `` blame the victim '' mentality to embracing the notion that the victims should always blame themselves , because they are the only one who have the combined power and will to change things . When I am oppressed it is my fault and I better damn well figure out how to change the situation . Poverty in America will only be overcome when the culture of poverty is attacked , with vengeance and steadfastness , by the communities that are exploited by their pathological cultures of apathy and ignorance .
 This is the seminal work on the poor in America , analyzed within the context of government proffered , anti-poverty programs . It is a scathing critique and analysis of the war on poverty , where bold rhetoric and political grandstanding have often supplanted action . The author in his analysis categorizes poverty as a cultural and often institutional way of life that would require radical innovations , social planning , and long term financial investment , were the government really serious about eradicating poverty in America . What is amazing is that the arguments made by the author , when he wrote this over book forty years ago , are still sound today .
 Michael Harrington , the great socialist-humanitarian writer of the latter half twentieth century wrote `` The Other America '' in the early 1960 's during a time of great change and renewed excitement about the possibilities for the future . Harrington who understood society better than most of his day shunned such discrimination based on race , class , economic standing , or national origin and these honorable views resound very highly in the pages of `` The Other America . The book is a study of poverty and its underlying factors in the United States during the fifties and sixties , Harrington who would often move into and work in the neighborhoods and communities he was studying presents a dignified and unbiased case for the inhumanity that existed and still exists in the slums and poor towns of the United States.Harrington takes the gloves off for his analysis of the evolution of poverty . The writer explores the factors of racial discrimination , economic and socioeconomic discrimination , family structural instability , the effect of recessions and hard times on poor communities , and the gap in education that propagates the extension and survival of poverty into the future . One important factor that Harrington continuously brings up in `` The Other America '' is the views and feelings of indifference that the middle class and well off feel towards the poor and lower classes of the other America . Harrington exposes the inefficient and dastardly laws , mindsets , and societal norms that ensured the survival of poverty into the twentieth century -LRB- and surprisingly they ring true for the present day as well -RRB- . The writer exposes the stories and faces behind the suffering of the other America but also presents ways in which the suffering could be alleviated or poverty stamped out completely in the United States.The socioeconomic analysis that is `` The Other America can seem quite statistical to the reader with its constant use of numerical studies and figures to illuminate the problem of poverty , but these bothersome details can be overcome and even appreciated by understanding that `` The Other America '' was written during a time of rising economic and sociological disparities , and was brought forth to energize and push the country towards creating solutions to these problems in the course of attempting to create a more equal and humility-minded society . A great read nonetheless for it highlights to those willing to listen the need both then and now for a war on poverty .
 This is the seminal work on the poor in America , analyzed within the context of government proffered , anti-poverty programs . It is a scathing critique and analysis of the war on poverty , where bold rhetoric and political grandstanding have often supplanted action . The author in his analysis categorizes poverty as a cultural and often institutional way of life that would require radical innovations , social planning , and long term financial investment , were the government really serious about eradicating poverty in America . What is amazing is that the arguments made by the author , when he wrote this book forty years ago , are still sound today .
 The author was introduced to involuntary poverty by Dorothy Day . It is explained the poor are invisible because they dress as the rest of us do . Staying on interstates does not disclose the impoverished hamlets . The poor inhabit geographical aresa of beauty . The poor are increasingly isolated in specific areas of the cities . They are invisible politically . -LRB- Note the discussion in the last election of helping the middle class . -RRB- Powerful political organizations not longer focus on the slums.Sometimes poverty is a matter of unintended consequences . For instance , a pension scheme may fetter mobility . In addition to pensions , home-owning and credit outlays may impede mobility , -LRB- the ability to move to where the work is -RRB- . A technological revolution in agriculture produces rural poverty . The alcoholic poor come from every social class . Aged poverty is described . -LRB- This is a topic that has changed since the introduction of Medicare . -RRB- The prevalence of mental illness among the poor is covered and it is truly telling.This book mobilized public opinion in the sixties to create remedies for poverty and it remains relevant today . Its breadth , its formulations , its visions are remarkable .
 This book is a subjective analysis of the USA regarding poverty . Written in the early sixties and credited with an effort towards positive change . This book will leave liberal thinkers with something to talk about and the others with something to mock . Truly a book for everyone living the American Dream .
 I had to read this book for my History 1302 class and I must say I 'm glad I chose this book out of all the others . The book was very easy to read , however , it sometimes gets confusing when all the facts about poverty are referenced at the same time . Although this book is short , at certain times it feels like Harrington is dragging out his ideology . Nonetheless , This book opened my eyes to the poverty in America not only in the past , but at its ' present state .
 This is a classic for sure but a classic of what ? Most of the people Harrington writes about have created their own worlds and then populated them . Yes , we do feel sorry for the underprivileged but most people in America have the privilege of a free education , free libraries and free charity . If they fail , whose fault is it ?
 I have been teaching Reiki for many years using different books , finally there is a book that is clear and has all the correct information in a format a beginner can understand . This book explains the Reiki story so clearly without disclaiming the original story that appears in most other Reiki books . The pictures of the hand placements are wonderful and I like the additional placements also . I believe the stories throughout the book add a special dimension showing the flexibility and depth that Reiki can be used . This book has taken the number one position in my Reiki library . Thank you , thank you , thank you !
 I highly recommend this Reiki book . It is a wonderful guide for a beginner like myself . The photos are clear and the writing is interesting and insightful .
 This book offers the gift of Reiki to all . It is a solid teaching tool for Reiki classes as well as a how-to for self healing . Included are testimonials offering new insights and ideas gleaned from the actual experiences of those using Reiki both on self and others . The book incorporates spiritual wisdom from many traditions in support of the healing process . The layout , combining illustrations and text , makes the techniques easy to visualize . Less is more yet it is all there and works in harmony presenting history , technique , and healing in one easy-to-use source . I sometimes just open the book and reread the wisdom notes for inspiration . It is gentle ; it is spirit .
 This is a timeless story of the question that has plagued every couple ... who works the hardest ? It is such a great story for little girls -LRB- and boys -RRB- and my daughter loved it ! Now every time we get to the part where the husband asks to take over the wife 's tasks for a day and says `` how hard could it be ? '' , my daughter rolls her eyes and says `` Oh sure '' ...
 Gone Is Gone is one of the great children 's books , not only because of its prose style and the beautiful illustrations , along with the wonderful humor , but because it sends a message that reverberates in this day of women 's lib and gender-neutral family roles . It SHOULD BE REISSUED in an affordable edition !
 Highly recommend this book for any age ! Beautiful sketches and nicely packaged . Excellent transaction - quick delivery , easy payment method .
 I found a copy of this book for $ 5 at a `` publisher 's outlet '' store and went back to buy the other two to give as gifts.Although it is a scholarly collection of ethnographic studies , I found it an inspiring description of people who manage to live outside the mainstream of `` social norms . `` All the essays were touching and moving . I especially liked `` Brothers Orphans
 Jim the Boy is a breath of sweet air in this age of sour malcontent . How refreshing to read of a boy 's coming of age at the center of loving extended family . Deceptively simple , shamelessly tender , it is , like most elegant things , an unadorned masterpiece .
 I have been surprised like this only once before in recent memory . That was by Annie Dillard 's American Childhood . Jim the Boy has that same evocative power of childhood.Earley maintains a level of tension without ever betraying a real-life example of growing up in an unusual extended family . There is discipline without abuse , love without depravity , and descriptions of the Carolinas that would make a home boy say , `` Oh , yes . Oh , my , yes . `` Jim the Boy is that rare combination of power and peace that makes you want to put the book down carefully when you 're done reading , regretfully , the last page .
 `` It 's too big , '' Jim said . `` What is ? '' `` Everything . '' `` I do n't understand , Doc . '' `` I 'm just a boy , '' he said.Uncle Zeno rocked back on his heels . He looked at Uncle Coran and Uncle Al , then smiled at Jim . `` We know that , '' he said . `` But you 're our boy . `` Jim Glass has just turned ten years old . He is living in a small North Carolina town during the Great Depression with his mother and three uncles ; Jim 's father died before he was born . Electricity is just finding its way to Aliceville , the town where Jim lives , starting with the new school opening up in the fall.Somewhere in the mix of an intriguingly believable account of a young boy 's summer nights and anticipation of starting at a new school , Earley moves Jim away from playing ball and listening to his uncles ' stories and takes on much deeper issues . Jim has a grandfather , Amos Glass , who he has never met . As mean as he is said to be , he is Jim 's last connection to a father he will never know . Jim 's mother , while devoted to Jim , maintains a heartbreaking loyalty to her marital vows even though her husband has long since passed . And in Jim 's both complex and honest friendship with Penn , a boy from Lynn 's mountain , Earley works through prejudice with the innocence of a ten year old boy and the wisdom of Jim 's Uncles.There is nothing extraordinary about the characters in this novel . Nor is there any true pivotal turning point in the plot ; readers are essentially following the life of a ten-year-old boy . What is extraordinary , however , is the way Earley is able to captivate readers with such a heartwarming , genuine and often intimate glimpse into the thoughts of a ten year old trying to find his place in the world , and grapple with things that are bigger than he can handle . After all , he is just a boy .
 Jim the Boy , by Tony Earley , depicts the life of Jim Glass over the course of a one year period in the farm town of Aliceville , North Carolina . Jim experiences the changes of a young boy during the shifting period of the 1930s . The Great Depression is one of the key backdrops to the story . The small town life Jim is accustomed is gradually expanded by bigger schools , bigger cities , and bigger difficulties in life , forcing Jim to be overwhelmed by the realization that the world is far too big for a boy without a father.This novel is silver-lined with wonderful depictions of the North Carolina landscape and small town life , encompassing the beauty of the southern states while juxtaposing them with the northern states by illustrating the differences between big cities and baseball.This is not the most exciting story ever told , but the descriptive settings and themes are enough to make it an enjoyable read for anyone who wants to remember the excitement and fears in the life of a ten-year-old child . The backdrop of the story puts the focus on the south during the great depression by viewing the country from a perspective other than the inner city . Jim 's family is forced to deal with the difficulties of the era -LRB- unemployment , polio etc. -RRB- , while adjusting to the incredible changes of the 20th century . This novel is an easy , uplifting read with many teachable points , and yet also performs on the most basic pleasurable levels .
 As adults , we sometimes get engrossed in the daily grind of our busy lives , and tend to forget the simple things in life that bring us joy . . the thoughtful gifts from loved ones , the beginning of a friendship , or tender words of comfort . Jim , the 10 year old main character of `` Jim the Boy '' , reminds readers that , at any age , we can be brought back to a time when these events can once more be a part of our lives.Tony Earley , author of `` Jim the Boy '' , does an amazingly beautiful job at bringing his readers into the world where Jim is growing up . The novel is staged during the Great Depression , in a small town in North Carolina . Although Jim appreciates and learns from the smaller events of his life , readers come to understand that Jim is also tackling important adolescent stepping stones - developing relationships outside of the family , coming to terms with the dynamics of one 's own family , and the realization that we are only a small part of a bigger world.As a reader , and future educator , I recommend this book to all ages . Adult readers can only benfit by being reminded of how our world used to be ... a world of `` firsts '' and `` what ifs '' . Adolescents can relate to Jim on a personel level , realizing that the world is filled with characters like themselves .
 Tony Earley 's novel , `` Jim The Boy '' , is both appropriate and inspirational to readers of all ages . Earley drops his reader into Jim 's shoes and allows us to experience the significance of every event from the jealousy he feels for his best friend Penn for the first time electricity reaches Aliceville . While Jim grows up without knowing his father , he does n`t suffer from a shortage of love . Earley 's writing exposes the importance love has on the development of a young adolescent and the lessons and wisedom his uncles , especially uncle Zeno provide . Issues of morality and virtue are addressed realistically without condemning the pitfalls of human nature . Jim 's mother , Cissy , faces a very difficult decision and Earley interrupts his narrative with letters that draw the reader into the truths of the matter . Both mother and son have to confront themselves in their own personal evolution.Oral tradition , an idea that is often reserved for discussions about medieval literature and Morrison 's Song Of Solomon is carefully preserved in Jim the Boy . Jim 's uncle Zeno is a didactic speaker who Jim does n't mind hearing repetitive stories from . Of course , we as readers are only exposed to these stories once , the fact that they are being repeated to Jim at his current stage suggest that he is re-evaluating or contemplating their initial grandiosity . We can track the growth of Jim as a boy to young man which is presented by Earley in an honest and truthful way.While the story takes place during the depression , the love between members of the Glass / McBride family seem to cope well and the strength of their relationships seem to overcome economic hardships . It is interesting to read this novel now , while we too face the economic crisis . Earley sends an important message out to readers that we can thrive on what we have , not suffer because of what we do n't . Jim was happy with a baseball glove and a ball , and was able to achieve happiness without electricity , `` wii , '' `` Playstation '' or `` PSP . '' To live a meaningful worthwhile existence , we should n't forget the importance of character education , self-reflection and the strength it takes to face what forebodes our psyche .
 It 's hard to explain why this book is so good . It 's not about the plot , which is barely existent -- Jim simply grows up a little . It 's not about the philosophy ; it 's not a pretentious book in any way , and the thoughts that run through it are neither deep nor shallow . It 's not about the characters , who are beautifully portrayed yet nothing unusual . And it 's not even the writing , which although flawless , does n't feel showy or inspired . What makes this book so good is that every part of it comes together like an intricate three-dimensional jigsaw puzzle , completing a picture so fulfilling , so total , so lifelike , that you enter a new world in way that few authors allow their readers to do -- it 's a world as clear and distinct as your own . And when done , you 've made friends with a young man whom you wo n't forget for years .
 This book has been done a disservice by being placed on school reading lists . It lacks the hooks of melodrama and humor , and either more contemporary or fantastic setting that would make it acceptable for a classroom of middle or high school students , and a hero too young and unheroic for most high school readers . -LRB- The town scene of sorta gang behavior does n't cut it . -RRB- For those 14 and younger , I 'd recommend instead anything by Doris Buchanan Smith , particularly Return to Bitter Creek , for similar setting and development.For adults and older adolescents , it 's a book to happen upon and then read for the gently developed extended vignettes of place and character , and the calm of simply stated dialogue .
 I knocked this book out in 2 sittings over the Christmas holiday . It was a fun little book with a few basic life lessons . The style of the book and the era in which it is set reminds me heavily of `` The Red Pony '' by Steinbeck . Finally , perhaps the best thing about this book is that it 's a fun read for folks aged from 5-80 , and there are no hidden agendas , political , social , or otherwise . Just a good old-fashioned read .
 I do n't think this book is particularly profound , or deeply moving . But , I do n't think anyone was shooting for the Great American Novel when it was written , or would claim that title for it . I put this book more in the same category as Gary Paulsen 's `` Harris and Me '' , or Richard Peck 's `` A Long Way From Chicago '' . We follow Jim through a time that no longer exists in a world that no longer exists , -LRB- if it ever did -RRB- , and from our current vantage point maybe feel a little sorry for ourselves as a consequence . Maybe that accounts for the violently disparate reviews.But all of that is more hoity-toity than it needs to be . Suffice to say that Jim is decent , his family is loving , interesting mild things happen , and another year passes . The writing is sometimes a little purple , but it 's never slapdash . The book can be overly sentimental , but my impression was the impulse to sentiment was sincere , not calculated or manipulative , -LRB- like , say , the syrupy ghost-written celebrity Christmas books that seem to come every year . -RRB- So , I 'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt here . And I do think this would be a good middle school read , and I am curious to find out what my kids think after they 've read it . Which , in a way , is the most you can ask of a book .
 This is a beautiful book and , sadly , the kind of fiction that fails to resonate when critics pick their `` best works of the year . '' The story unfolds beautifully , the characters are richly drawn , and the prose is stunning . Early shows that he is a master here .
 This book really is n't a `` coming of age '' story although it does tell the story of one 's boy 's life during one year . This book chronicles how several changes during the year affect Jim 's life
 JIM THE BOY is a slight , sweet tale , told in a voice as true as childhood itself . Perhaps its most important lesson is that the word `` father '' can have countless meanings , all of them important . While this may not exactly be the `` great American novel , '' I enjoyed Tony Earley 's simple story of a Depression-era southern boyhood immensely . It has an ageless appeal that will span generations . Well done . - Tim Bazzett , author of LOVE , WAR & POLIO and the REED CITY BOY trilogy .
 A really touching story . I have seen criticisms that say there is no plot . However , I really enjoyed the description of this family 's life and love for each other . Jim learns many lessons as his mother and uncles support him in their small farm town . My city used this book as a community read . I am glad I had the opportunity to read it . It has stuck with me .
 Jim the Boy is an extremely simple tale of a boy who is `` coming of age . '' Earley uses uncomplicated language which paint an effortless depiction of what it would be life to live and work on a farm in North Carolina during the Great Depression . There are many elements in the novel which speak to the times as they were such as , racism , economic depression , and first signs of electricity . These elements , however , were the backdrop to the story and only painted an idea of life during the times.In the Prologue we come across a letter stating that Jim 's father has ` passed . ' The letter is directed to the boy 's grandfather and from this very short letter the entire scene of the novel sets the stage . We learn that there is something dysfunctional about the grandfather and he is unwelcomed in the life of Jim and Jim 's mother . Moving along ten years , the novel starts with Jim 's tenth birthday where he celebrates with his three uncles and his mother . From this day on Jim is presented as being tried as a ` man ' working in the fields and comparing himself to his uncles.The tales Jim 's life takes us through are tales of boyhood and growing up without a father . Jim is fortunate enough to have his three uncles as male role models , but his thoughts and actions exemplify to the reader that there are trials and tribulations he is experiencing within as he learns about life through living.This story is a quick read for someone who enjoys a light read about family , pride and coming of age . It is excellent for an adolescent just starting to enjoy reading themselves , for they will breeze through and learn a different perspective about coming of age and recognize how not so different life was , even eighty years ago !
 An absolutely lovely story about a ten year old boy becoming aware of the world he lives in and the people around him . Tender and loving , but definitely not overbearingly so . Jim is lucky to have a loving family , but a family that does n't smother him or overshelter him with that love . A real feel-good book , suitable for young adult readers and up .
 Jim the Boy by Tony Earley is a sweet novel set in North Carolina during the late 1920 's . Unlike other books set in the South of recent memory , though , this book does n't describe an abused young man or a dysfunctional family but rather one of great strength.Although Jim 's father dies only a matter of days before he was born , Jim is raised by his mother and three uncles who never married . Throughout the book , it is these men , who earn their livelihood from farming , who teach Jim some of life 's greatest lessons . From learning how to hoe a field to confronting a firends devestating illness to seeing the grandfather he never knew as this old man lays dying , we as readers journey along as Jim experiences life between his tenth and eleventh birthday.Reminiscent of the equally lyrical style found in Plainsong by Kent Haruf , this book is a pleasant read for a summer 's day .
 Tony Earley has written a small gem of a novel . Jim the Boy is a coming-of-age story -- a year in the life of a young boy living in Depression-era rural North Carolina . He is being lovingly but firmly raised by his widowed mother and his three bachelor uncles . This book is remarkable in many ways , among them for what it does NOT have
 This is a book about the spiritual nourishment of a young soul . It is as patiently and impeccably crafted as a fine piece of simple furniture , made without glue , nails , or embellishment . Smooth and beautiful without a false or unnecessary move . Very few authors today have that restraint , finesse , and wisdom .
 Jim the Boy is simple . Throw away your daily complexities and simply read about a boy discovering the indiscriminate size of a baseball in his uncle 's enormous hand . The world was indeed large , and we boys were indeed small . I guess I had simply forgot to remember .
 This is a wonderfully lifelike book about a young boy named Jim , told in letters , prose , and vignette-like chapters . The author 's voice is so rich and true , much like that of Harper Lee in To Kill a Mockingbird . The characters are well-drawn and they treat one another like family , with practical jokes and eccentric habits . They take Jim on `` mystery '' trips to the ocean , the mountain to visit his dying grandfather , and to see a farmer about buying some Belgian work horses . We see it all from Jim 's point of view , and his feelings resemble the feelings we all have of riding in cars with relatives , playing baseball , going to school open houses , etc.The main plot , if there is one , is how Jim gets along day to day without a father , who died at age 23 of a heart attack before Jim was born . We see how Jim forms a mental image of his father from the stories older villagers tell to Jim , who knew Jim 's Dad as a boy . Jim 's father , or the image Jim creates of his father , is always with Jim and with his mother , who refuses to remarry since she considers herself still married and in love with Jim 's father 's memory . We feel Jim 's sense of differentness because he does not have a Dad ; we see how he reaches out to his three uncles , to a local traveling salesman , the local African American farm workers , even his best friend 's Dad , who has more new stories to tell Jim about his father . This is just a book about a slice of life during the Depression ; not some big epic , and what life was like for a boy in a mountain hamlet . That is what makes this book so special , so intimate , so appealing . It is excellent and I am considering buying it for our church library because most any child can relate to Jim 's life -- dealing with bullies , making friends , how to treat a friend who gets a life-threatening disease -LRB- In this case , polio -RRB- and how to deal with school and family . I enjoyed this book very much . It is a quiet little masterpiece . Kind of like a fly in amber -- fascinating and timeless .
 Highly recommended for anyone who was born in , came from , or has relatives in a small town , particularly a small town in western NC or SC . Extra points if you 're from around Rutherford , Gaffney , Shelby , or points thereby.Imagine `` Catcher in the Rye '' written from the point of view of a child who actually wants to catch baseballs , and who may be growing up on a farm that COULD be growing rye , and is as Southern rural as you can get without stomping on any politically correct toes.Tony Earley 's first `` novel '' is n't so much a novel as it is a humorous and melancholy episodal remembrance of pre-adolescence in a small Southern town . Since Earley 's date of birth comes much later than the setting in the novel -LRB- and Earley was born a scant few years before my birth -RRB- , and since the small town in question is -LRB- apparently -RRB- about 30 miles from my small town of birth , I have a soft spot for his prose . The reader will NOT find a great novel here ; however , the reader will find a tender and nuanced piece of fiction that will bring back memories to anyone born in the South sometime before the 1970 's . Indeed , those born in ANY small town with any knowledge of their childhood-town 's history will wince and nod knowingly , assuming that Earley was really writing about their town . Jim 's coming of age has no rude points , but suggests the pre-adolescent angst.The book is concise -- you can easily read it in one sitting , probably in a few hours . If the milieu and memories dredged up resound with you , the reader will probably want to go back and re-read some of the sections , just for the nostalgia . And , all that aside , the last section of the book , indeed , the last 3 or 4 pages of the book , are perhaps the best writing to come out of the South in decades . Earley has pieced together vignettes that border upon `` young adult '' fiction , along with a style that reminds one of Faulkner at his wittiest and Welty at her tenderest , and topped it off with a heart-wrenching finale that should make you cry.I should reiterate `` witty '' -- there are some belly laughs in this book . The `` lights on '' section is laugh-out-loud , and the acerbic humor of the uncles deserves more chapters , or at least a re-visitation by Earley . The understated humor , even in the dramatic passages , suggest that Earley is holding back on us -- he could become this generation 's version of Jean Shepherd , if he chose to.The main drawback to the book is that it 's too short . I gave it less than 5 stars mainly because of that , and partly because it sometimes reads as if some of the sections were meant as `` young adult '' prose but then changed into a `` real adult '' novel . I 've been a fan of Earley even before his short stories were collected in `` Here We Are in Paradise '' , and had hoped that his first novel would be a massive neo-Faulkner/Percy/Welty revival . I was disappointed with `` Jim the Boy '' for the first few tens of pages due to that expectation . Then , I got into the flow of the writing , and changed my expectations . The book reads in many places like a `` young adult '' work , and that 's OK -- I 'd recommend it for teenagers . Then again , the nuances and beauty of the writing are obviously a bit more sophisticated than most `` young adult '' offerings , so it must be a real adult book.Of course , `` As I Lay Dying '' reads like a `` young adult '' book , and look what 's in there . And , as I suggested earlier , IF you 're from a small town and latch onto the protagonists in the first 20 or so pages , you 'll bawl like a baby on the last page .
 I have to agree with some of the reviewers . This book is rather simple in style , plot , and texture . I do n't think that makes it a bad book at all . On the contrary , I found this book to be a refreshing break from the current genre of flashy , overly-cranial books that try to hide a meaning in every little sentence.This is the BEGINNING of a coming of age story . In the version I read there is an interview with the author . In it he states that he hopes to turn this into a trilogy , or at least continue Jim 's story . I personally ca n't wait.Realistically , to all the negative reviewers , how was your life when you were 10 years old ? Were you fighting in a war ? Involved in corporate espionage ? Saving the world from evil ? Did n't think so . This book is about a boy 's 10th year on this earth and what he goes through . Nothing more , nothing less , no matter what you try to concoct out of it . For that , this was done very well.The writing style here is simplistic , and it gets the job done . Since the book is geared towards adults and youth I can see where a higher style of writing should not be used . How many people today honestly look for so-and-so `` retorted '' or `` interjected ? `` This book will be a great one to pass along . It has a timeless quality to it . I did n't grow up in NC or in the 30s but I could remember and relate to much of what Jim experiences and I think you can too.Buy the book , enjoy it , and pass it along . You wo n't regret it .
 `` Jim the Boy '' is one of the most simply , yet beautifully crafted novels I have read in quite a while . One one level it may seem to be somewhat simplistic and a quick and easy read . However , the skilful and artistic author has in fact written a deep and emotionally moving novel about the depression-era childhood of a fatherless boy under the care and guidance of his mother and three uncles . I confess to reading this only because it was the featured novel at my book club this month , but am so very glad that I did . I found it fascinating to see how Jim 's uncles guided him through life 's sometimes hard-learned lessons with both toughness and compassion . I look forward to my group 's discussion later this week .
 Earley seems to have combined the painstakingly simple language of Hemingway with a bit of the Southern storyteller a la Ferrol Sams . This book captures the spirit of a real boy in a gentler time . It 's as close to my own childhood as I care to revisit . Earley is an important writer whom I will follow with great interest .
 This small , spare novel is amazing . It 's very stillness is what makes it so powerful . ` Jim , the Boy ' evokes emotions and captures the everyday drama of one ten year old boy . A boy with no father but three terrific uncles . A boy with love in him and around him . ` Jim , the Boy ' is a wonderful , thoughtful and beautifully written novel . It is for all readers with hearts .
 The first thing I noticed when reading some of the reviews below and above was that the people who reviewed this book so harshly -LRB- and cynically -RRB- did so with a bit of vitriol that I can guess spills over into their everyday life . I pity their coworkers . I have read Mr. Earley 's book and liked -- and I am not a schmaltzy , vacuous individual . I may not reread this book again in the two weeks , but I am glad I took time out of my otherwise inane life to spend a moment with Jim . I wish the other readers did not bully the poor young man so much -- I wonder what they were like as children ? Perhaps they still are ?
 This book will do more to restore the human heart andantimaterialism than all the polemical works in the world . It isabout dignity and faith , sure of hand , deceptively simple . Buy it . Treasure it . Share it ...
 There were moments when reading this lovely book when I could n't believe the amount of evocative effect and emotion Earley was able to create with a few simple words . I adore Baroque language and bravura writing as much as any reader , but writing like this just amazes me . Here 's my analogy
 I read this book after it was recommended by Jan Karon in her `` Miford '' newsletter . I 'm glad I did ! I bought it as a Christmas gift for a young friend . I 'm sure he can relate to Jim even though the setting is early 20th Century . It 's a wonderful story about a young boy growing up in a family with so much love to give . Even though Jim 's father died before he was born , his wonderful uncles devote themselves to being a father to young Jim . Spend awhile with this wonderful family . You 'll be glad you did .
 I ca n't begin to figure out how Mr. Early could understand what it was like to live on a farm in the mid-south in the early 1/3 of the Twentieth Century . But , not only did he understand - he understood well enough to tell this compelling story from the point of view of a young boy . Buy this book . You wo n't reget it . Make sure you put your name on it , because you will want four or five people to read it and it will get passed around . My only comment is that the black characters in this book come off as benevolent and kind and slightly less than real
 This book is a joy to read . It is simple but the story is actually powerful . It gives a lovelyh glimpse of the life we all want to give our children and to live ourselves .
 Jim the Boy is a sweet story of a fatherless boy who has wonderful family support of his mother and uncles . It 's well written and not too long . Although I 'm glad I read it , I found Jim the Boy boring . There is some discussion here of it being appropriate for young readers , and I agree with that . But if one is thinking of it as a book to insprire reading among young readers , this would not be it .
 I flew through the pages ; enjoyed every minute of it . I felt like I was there with Jim and his Uncles and Mother .
 The readers who call this ` children 's fiction ' are missing the point . this novel is an homage to books -LRB- like ` the yearling ' -RRB- that remind us why life is good . it counters the trend of life-as-angst . remember reading novels that made you feel GOOD ? probably its been since grade school , right ? This book is n't for kids ; they 'd miss all its symbolism and subtlety . it will remond you why you loved reading in the first place . even its cover art made me smile .
 Tony Early tells the story of Jim with such straight-forward simplicity that you forget that you are , in fact , just reading a book . You can feel the heat of the sun on the boy 's shoulders as he spends a day with his uncles in the corn field ; feel his yearning to know the father who died just a week before he was born . I could go on , but I ca n't top Early . Go read this book ! I doubt that I 'll read a better one this year .
 Ever since `` Birthday Boy '' was published in Granta 's volume `` Best of Young American Novelists '' , I 've been waiting for the rest of the novel . `` Jim the Boy '' fills out the rest of story , and weaves a beautiful life . So few writers capture the feelings of childhood . Yet , Tony Earley does it so cleanly and powerfully , with no frills . Thank you .
 Jim the character and the `` Jim the Boy '' the story are both a delight . Earley 's writing is a deft combination of simple and lyrical . If , like me , you 've got children , this is a book you can share with them and both enjoy.The story follows a year in the life of 10 year old in Depression-era North Carolina . Jim 's father died before he was born but his three single uncles serve as wonderful surrogate fathers . There 's also a wise old African-American farmhand , -LRB- appropriately named Abraham -RRB- to give Jim all the father figures he needs . The older men and Jim 's mother are are all well-drawn characters . In fact , part of the book 's strength is the strong supporting cast for Jim , including a best friend from the mountains.There is n't a single strong enough thread to serve as the book 's plot -LRB- other than Jim , himself -RRB- . Though you could argue that point with several fellow readers , with each of you arguing a different aspect of the book as it 's primary theme . `` Jim the Boy '' is a fast read and can serve as a day or two 's pleasant distraction , or can be mulled over and examined . I can easily imagine it being adopted by English classes of various age levels.Buy the book and share it with the family .
 i am familiar with tony earley from the new yorker and as soon as i read the chapter that was excerpted for the magazine i recognized it ... he writes in a way that is at once touching and real ... the emotions of the boy are real and of a much simpler time ... but he does n't lose what is timeless in the growing of a boy ... loved the uncles ... and passed the book on to my children ...
 Recommendations I would recommend this book , Jim The Boy , to ages 13 and up . The reason I chose those ages is because some of the wording is difficult and hard to understand , and because of the length . This book shows a great example of a good friendship . An example is when Penn and Jim get in trouble at the market . Penn stuck up for Jim , and pushed the bully saying , `` You leave him alone ! '' Also when Penn got hurt , he wanted to play ball but could n't because he did n't have a ball or mitt . So Jim gives him his ball and mitt because he felt that it was his fault for the injury . Uncle Zeno asked , `` Where is your ball and mitt ? '' `` I gave it to Penn. '' Jim said . That is a great example of a true friend . In conclusion if you like friendship books or books that are set in the past , I really recommend this book for you .
 Jim the Boy is a beautiful , simple work that details the life of a fatherless farm boy in North Carolina during the Great Depression . The simplicity of Earley 's prose is what makes it so impacting . He has a way of saying so much with so little.While some adults may find the book morally trite , I think that to do so misses the point . It is important to remember first that the book is written to be accessible to a child . It is also important to keep in mind that moral complexity does not necessarily imply quality . What Jim the Boy lacks in moral breadth , it makes up for amply in depth . The emotional range that Earley taps into is a wonderful accomplishment . I would recommend this to readers of all ages .
 Jim the Boy , by Tony Earley is a straightforward novel , which revolves around 10-year-old protagonist , Jim . Jim 's father passed away prior to his birth , and he is left with his mom and her three brothers . In the one-year span of the story , we follow as Jim lives everyday life in Aliceville , North Carolina in 1934 , during The Great Depression . Jim and his family have a solid relationship , and they live simple , peaceful lives on the family farm . Once Jim begins school , he experiences three main events that have an impact on his life
 Probably one of the better short character novels written in recent time.Mr . Early has caught the feelings , time and people of this part of NC in a way that , I think , few have ever done . The wonderful relationships between a boy , his mother and uncles is as close to what a truly caring family could ever be.Read this book .
 What a breath of fresh air - a book of deceptive simplicity that probes deeply into concepts like family loyalty , sacrifice and love . Without ever veering into the overly precious , the author conveys a sense of wonder at life 's simple pleasures that we in modern times have all but lost . A distinctive authorial voice , and a life-affirming story that never sets off the Hallmark/Chicken Soup alarm . Nicely done .
 A moving tale of boyhood in Depression-ridden North Carolina , simply written and lovingly told with keen insight and description ... Life is not easy and it has many twists , turns , and mysteries that unfold as toddlers become boys and boys become young men . This is the story of one year in the life of Jim Glass , Jr -- Jim the Boy -- between the ages of 10 and 11 , how in that one year , he begins to come to a deeper awareness of himself and the beauty , mystery , majesty , and sometimes ugliness , in the world in which he lives -- and his place and responsibilities in that world . This is the year in which he begins his journey to manhood.The beginning of Jim 's life journey takes us , the reader , back to simpler times in our own life 's journey which , if we are honest , were n't so simple afterall . Wonderful and memorable perhaps , but not simple.You will relive moments in your journey as you read about this young man 's journey . That 's what this book is all about . A good , warm read , one that makes you smile , remember , and feel good . We need these kind once in a while and this is one of the best .
 The book tells of a time when the primary contact was person to person , with the family of Jim The Boy teaching him what he must learn in life . The era was before television , cell phones , ipods , PC 's , texting , etc. . Raised by his mother and three uncles they as a unit put their arms this boy to raise him into manhood , which on occasion involved the saying of No and punishment , but always with a point to make . I look forward to reading the sequel of Jim 's march into adolescence .
 Tony Earley has crafted a novel that is simple , yet complex at the same time . Its not written in overly descriptive , flowery language that seems to plague so many novels that are currently being produced.It hearkens back to a time that was more idyllic and colorful.I havent lived in the south , heck - I havent even visited . So , I could n't tell you how the novel takes on that particular region and culture , and whether or not it is authentic and all that jazz.But I can tell you this
 This is a good book to read . It goes fast . you get into the story quickly and you really feel you know the characters . It makes me anxious to read the sequel that just came out . I highly recommend this book to anyone . -- Gerard Zemek , husband of author of `` My Funny Dad , Harry ''
 Jim the Boy , by Toney Earley , is a great book that is easy to read and you wo n't get bored reading it . It 's one of those book as you get into it you want to read more and more . I would recomend this book to anybody , because it is intresting and it 's a good way to realx by reading it .
 In Jim the Boy Tony Earley has created a sweet , lyrical , truly affectionate novel that lovingly conveys the coming of age of a 10 year old boy in Depression Era North Carolina.This is a character driven book and Earley proves himself to be a true artist when is comes to the fine -- yet undervalued -- art of character development . Jim comes across as a genuine 10 year old boy . All too often , in my opinion , young characters in novels are just like kid characters in a movie , where a 24 year old is playing a 14 year old and comes across exactly like a 24 year old portraying a 12 year old.Jim &#65533; s behavior , thought patterns , emotive responses and relationships are those of a 10 year old . That &#65533; s not to say they are primitive or simplistic-they are in fact the complex , mundane , heartwarming genuine aspects of a kids life.The character of Jim would be a success unto itself but Early brings his artistry also to the other characters in this very fine novel . Jim &#65533; s mother and 3 uncles -LRB- who are helping to raise the fatherless boy -RRB- are equally well crafted . Even the bit players &#65533; a traveling salesman the uncles know , the overpowering yet absent grandfather who has terrorized the family since kingdom-come , the kids in the school yard , are also lovingly crafted.The other thing that marks this book as special is that it lacks The Great Event &#65533; this is the novel of an ordinary boy growing up . T &#65533; s not that there isn &#65533; t hardship &#65533; the boy &#65533; s father is dead , there &#65533; s the tyrannical grandfather , there &#65533; s the usual skirmishes and close calls and so on , but there is nothing here that any ordinary 10 year old wouldn &#65533; t have experienced and dealt with in the normal course of events.Which brings us to this book &#65533; s ultimate &#65533; and extraordinary &#65533; achievement . Jim the Boy is a story that effectively and lovingly demonstrates the extraordinary beauty , dignity and honor intrinsic to the simple living of the ordinary life . The magnificence of ordinary family love , community life , friendship . The fact that decent human beings can create something out of what appears to be not much of anything.That is , the fact that our own lives are filled with beauty and wonder.This is a truly wonderful book EVERYONE in the family can read and enjoy .
 For reasons I ca n't express , for I do n't know the answer , almost every story I write has a boy of about ten as a central character . Maybe it 's because pre-adolescent boys are not tangled up in romances . Maybe the fact that they are often brutally honest is something I admire . They tend to be curious to the point of being a pleasant nuisance.Tony Earley 's Jim is my kind of kid . I liked his uncles , too . Their adventures were an adventure for me .
 Jim the Boy is a great , thrilling , and exciting book for all ages . It is a very thrilling book about a young boy and hardships on a farm and a very big hardship towards the end of the book . Young Robert is a boy , 12 years of age , almost a man , which he becomes in the end of the book . Something dramatic happens at the end something that will change his life . Rob is a Shaker boy who likes almost every thing bout his religion besides one thing . He ca n't go to Sunday baseball games because his religion does n't let him . I encourage you to read this book , you 'll laugh , you 'll cry , and you 'll love every page of this amazing book . I know I did .
 Jim the Boy by Tony Earley is a wonderful novel ... beautifully written , poetic without being overblown or contrived , moral without being preachy . I recommend it highly .
 This is a book about a boy growing up on a farm , and near a small town , under difficult circumstances , but with a lot of love surrounding him . Jim is a real boy , not perfect , and sometimes does the wrong thing , but he has his uncles there to help guide him toward adulthood . This is not at all a book just for children ; in fact , parents may appreciate it most of all .
 I 'll make this short and sweet
 A fine little book . Not in the same league as ` To Kill a Mockingbird ' , not as cerebrally satisfying as Flannery O'Connor , but very well-written and lovingly crafted . As I read , pleasant images from my own rural southern childhood kept intruding - not a criticism , but a commentary on the author 's aptitude for capturing the south as it truly was before most of it became a suburb of Atlanta.This should appeal to all ages , and especially to anyone who enjoys watching Andy Griffith re-runs .
 Childhood memories are some of the strongest sensory feelings anyone will ever have . When we were kids we knew how we felt , we just could n't always determine why we felt that way and could n't possibly put our complicated feelings into words.In `` Jim the Boy '' Tony Earley takes universal childhood emotions of pride , jealousy , greed and companionship and strikes up a story to rummage through his own memory of childhood complexes . It 's been done before -- `` The Wonder Years '' TV show comes to mind -- but Earley does n't play for laughs here . Rather he takes a grown-up 's understanding and experience of the world and latches it onto the illuminating eye of a child.Earley succeeds in creating a quick , nimble book that , even though it 's set in 1924 , could have happened yesterday .
 This book is fantastic !! Jim the Boy is a quick , light-hearted and easy read that reminds us all of our youth and of the days when our world was as big as our backyard . This is a sweet story that follows ten-year-old Jim as he discovers the wonderful , confusing and sometimes sad world that exists beyond his uncles ' cornfields . No violence , no swearing , just a sweet , entertaining story with a few good lessons woven within . And a bittersweet ending that makes you close the book with a smile and a sigh .
 The only flaw I could find in this wonderful novel of Tony Earley 's is that it was too short ! Or rather , to phrase it in a way that does n't sound critical of the author , I liked the place that this novel took me and , especially , the people I met there so much that not only could I not put it down , i did n't want it to end . This is a wonderful story about a young boy growing up among people who , while not perfect , are fundamentally decent and kind . this is a nice change from so many other products of our modern culture , from novels to Hollywood films , which explore all the various permutations of dysfunction . while exploring what is wrong with human nature is certainly a valid literary exercise , Tony Earley has done something wonderful in bringing to life characters whom we like and even admire . Jim 's mother and uncles are simple people who work hard , sometimes play hard , and exercise compassion when confronted by the misfortune of others . These are the values they teach to young Jim , who is just beginning to realize that there is a wider world full of things he has yet to experience . Part of me wanted the author to continue Jim 's story , but another part of me hopes he never Hollywood-izes his wonderful novel by writing a sequel . At a time when our nation is in the throes of grief about the events of September 11 and anxiety about the future , and in an age where despite recent examples of heroism the worst of human behavior is vividly on display , `` Jim the Boy '' was good medicine for this reader and I suspect it will be for others as well . I read this as an audiobook , so I must close by praising narrator L. J. Ganser for doing such a great job . To me , this book was just about perfect ; I just wish there had been more of it .
 Jim The Boy reminds me of nly a hanful of other classic novels -- Dandelion Wine and Boy 's Life among them . This is a gem , not to be missed .
 An involving story of a boy growing up in rural America . Jim is not perfect , and sometimes does the wrong thing , but he tries to make up for it , and has his memorable uncles to help guide him to adulthood . Parents are likely to appreciate this book even more than children , although it would be enjoyable -LRB- and appropriate -RRB- reading for twelve years old and up .
 Okay , I admit that nostalgia plays a big role in my enjoyment of this book . The small town innocence is evocative of my own experience growing up , although not in North Carolina . I was lucky enough to have my dad until just recently but I also had three uncles who played similar roles to Jim 's uncles . And , there were other parallels too . But , primarily , the craft of storytelling is immediately obvious here and is what made this novel most fulfilling . Development of character , smooth plotting and careful choice of words are evident . Certainly not least , the author likes his characters . Do n't let the simplicity of the narrative lead you to think this story is simplistic . Jim experiences some major life lessons along the way and manages to capture just enough from each episode to help him along . We should all be so lucky .
 I 've seen many books in my life but not one as good and wholesome as Jim the Boy . After reading the few reviews saying it 's suitable only for children I felt I must disagree with them and agree with the majority saying how wonderful it is . Jim the Boy is a heart warming tale for everyone . True , it is suitable for children but it 's also a book that you as an adult can read without being disgusted by the language and graphic details most authors use today . What a few would call suitable only for children I feel is calling as an adult . It is a tale so clean and simple that it makes one yearn for more . Jim the boy is a book that is for everyone and will quickly become a classic , rivaling Charlotte 's Web and Where the Red Fern Grows . Keep writing Mr. Earley and Thank you for Jim the Boy .
 When I first starting reading this book , I thought the life of these characters was just too wonderful . How can anyone 's life be this plain and perfect . But that 's the attraction and what makes this story seem like a sweet story from the distant past when things were so much more calmer and families really stayed together . If we could only all show so much innocense and love for each other today . `` Jim the Boy '' tells the story of a young boy named Jim , coming of age , in a very remote and peaceful North Carolina town . It 's 1934 and during the depression . Jim 's father has been dead 10 years now , and his 3 wonderful uncles are now his mentors , who deeply care for Jim and their sister Cissy . The story from this point on tells of Jim 's everyday adventures , and feelings while growing up.Tony Earley 's beautiful descriptions of this time period , small town life , and everyday surroundings are indeed poetic . It 's like a breath of fresh air in the countryside , and I mean rural countryside . It 's nice to settle back , relax , and fantazise about an earlier peaceful time when people lived so differently than we do now . A truly wonderful book .
 Jim the Boy follows young Jim Glass throughout the year following his 10th birthday . The son of a man who died before he was born , Jim is living with his mother and under the care of his unmarried uncles . He moves about Aliceville , North Carolina as he begins to expand his world , a new school and new friends , athe first baseball glove and a chance `` encounter '' with Ty Cobb . He also is more aware of his family , beginning to look at them , seeing the struggle his mother has with raising a son on her own , his uncles gentle understanding -LRB- and their lives outside their care of him -RRB- and a expanding knowledge of his father 's childhood up in the hills . There are also glimpses of the depression , the social strata , and the expansion of technology into small town life . The characters are all well drwan , and believable , true to the small town roots without being cloying or condensending . I think this is a book for all ages , a true treasure .
 Tony Earley 's novel Jim the Boy is simply the best novel I have read so far this year . Its beautifully shaped chapters , wonderfully spare language , clearly wrought characters , and heart breaking poignancy , show real craft . I ca n't wait to re-read it , savour it , and share it .
 Tony Earley 's `` Jim the Boy '' is a pitch-perfect , marvelously told story of Jim Glass , Jr. 's tenth year of life in remote Aliceville , North Carolina during the early part of the Great Depression . This is an elegant , direct novel , written from the point-of-view of the ten-year old who is just beginning to glimpse at the challenges and perplexing questions with which adults grapple throughout their lives . It is a poignant novel as well , reminding us that simple truths which revolve around family life ring majestically and timelessly . It is a testimonial to the dignity of the human condition , as well , as the novel 's protagonist , his mother and her three brothers -LRB- who become surrogate fathers to Jim -RRB- understand , without ever saying so , that a strong family can withstand poverty , deprivation , and even the most cruel circumstance ... the loss of a husband and father.Earley 's style is somewhat epigramatic , each chapter containing not only action which advances the plot , but a moral epiphany that encourages Jim 's social and personal growth . These growing awarenesses , however , are not pat or false in emotional tone . Jim 's three uncles assume their responsibilities to their sister and her son with quiet dignity and resolve ; Jim 's mother has suffered terribly with the loss of her one love in life , and in a series of remarkable scenes and letters , she shows her commitment to her life 's decisions with enormous impact.Jim , too , must confront some of the baser parts of his personality . When competitive drive leads him to become arrogant and at times insensitive to the needs of others , his uncles , by word and action , instruct him to the ways of modesty and interdependence . As well , Jim is forced to confront family ghosts and the spectre of polio directly , but only when his family considers him both ready and required to do so.I think `` Jim the Boy '' could be read by both children and adults with equal , but incredibly different results . It is a novel with universal appeal and impact .
 `` Jim the Boy '' is not the deepest or the most technically well-written novel I have ever read . But I still found it hard to put down . I enjoyed it . A lot of other reviewers have commented that it is `` only suitable for children '' -LRB- I suppose because it has no ... violence , or 4-letter words ? -RRB- Actually , I am not sure children would understand Jim 's feelings at the end of the novel - I think they are something you have to have passed out of childhood to understand . I have to admit I welcomed a book where I knew no graphic ... scenes would `` sneak up '' on me ... . Life is more than that ! `` Jim the Boy '' is very simply and sparely written . The style is almost flat . But I think that is suitable for the subject matter - the story of the life of a boy , a boy for whom seeing the ocean is a big thing , a boy who has never really traveled out of his small town . The sketchiness of the story and the characters in a way work for it . In a way , it is like memories
 Jim The Boy is one of the best books I have ever read . It is a very exciting and wonderful book . I really wished it never ended . I read Jim the Boy with my mom . Jim the Boy is a novel , fiction . I really enjoyed it . Jim the Boy is about a boy growing up in North Carolina in a town called Aliceville during the depression . His father 's name was Jim also , but he died a few days before `` Jim the boy '' was born . His beloved uncles who helped to raise him were Uncle Coran , Uncle Al and Uncle Zeno , and they were some of the main characters along with Jim 's mom and his wicked grandfather . Three situations that I thought were important were when electricity came to his town for the first time , when his best friend got polio , and when the train first made a stop at Aliceville because the towns people named it after the conductor 's daughter . I really , really hope that Tony Earley writes another book about Jim the boy as Jim grows older .
 Life during the Great Depression was harsh . We see it through the eyes of a ten year old , boy , Jim . Yet the simplistic rigors or farm life lend strength , discipline , and tenacity to this little boy coming of age in Aliceville , North Carolina . His widowed mother and three endearing uncles help Jim face the turning points in his life with courage . The illness of a friend , the coming of electricity , and the marriage proposal his mother receives expands his world , and his adventures in a different local begin anew . Through his eyes , we remember ourselves as children , and easily identify with his perceptions . Touching and engaging .
 Tony Earley once told me , `` Anyone can use a long , fancy word . I 'd rather use simple language and do something fancy with it . '' In his debut novel , Jim the Boy , Earley accomplishes this goal . His language is admirably straightforward , yet his metaphors are complex and carefully constructed . The historical and cultural backdrop of the novel , Depression-era North Carolina , is accurately and compassionately portrayed . The characters of the book are richly developed ; I hope to hear more of their stories in Earley 's future work . Jim the Boy is a breath of fresh air in the literary atmosphere . I reccomend it to readers of all ages and interests .
 With authentic characters that readers can relate to on a number of levels , Jim the Boy speaks speaks to close knit families and friends . Although Jim 's biological father passed before he was born , he is in no way deprived of care and guidance through one of the most difficult stages in life
 This book just feels good . Well written with strong characters . Each of the short stories is involved enough to take you away for awhile , but short enough to enjoy when you need a quick reading fix.This book may be suitable for children , but what a shame to classify it as a children 's book . It should be on everyone 's must read list.It 's not a `` feel good book '' , but everyone I have shared it with says they feel good after reading it .
 In 1930s small-town North Carolina , the story starts on the day Jim turns ten ; he is being raised by his widowed mother and her three unmarried brothers , the Uncles , two of whom are twins . Over the course of the next year he makes a good friend and rival ; watches unobserved as his mother refuses a suitor ; and learns more about his father , another Jim , who died shortly before Jim the Boy 's birth.The style is one of unmannered simplicity ; the freshness of Jim 's perceptions become fresh for us too . As pointed out in an earlier review , one of the story 's most striking moments is when he first sees the big city of Charlotte , `` Two thoughts came to Jim at once , joined by a thread of amazement
 After reading this book all you can say is WOW . Jim the boy is a story of an young boy in his tenth year of life in the 1930 's . In story Jim shows bravery , honesty , and you see as a friend . The story captures you in a way that is unexpected . As you read of the Jim 's 10th year of his life you feel as if you are Jim . Tony Earley has produced a beautiful , easy to read book that you wo n't want to put it down . So if you 're looking for a good book to read I greatly suggest you read this .
 The style used in this book goes back to a simpler time when books seemed to be more about the story than the language used . The very style lends itself particularly well in this case as it helps in developing the imagery of the characters and their situation
 and this book fits that description to a `` T '' . Jim may have lost his father , but his uncles ' love and devotion to him more than fill the gap . A splendid story depicting the value of family and the love that can only be found in a home .
 This is the most thoroughly satisfying and engrossing book I 've read for a long time . Writing simply is a difficult task to undertake , and does n't work every time , the charm being lost in the transition . Some writers do `` simple , '' self-consciously -- `` Look at me , Ma , I 'm writing simply and starkly . '' Tony Earley invests his best work with the kind of elegance and grace that makes you wish you could write like him . `` Jim '' is pure pleasure .
 Jim the Boy is a great book . It tells the story of a normal life , not an adventure you will never go on . It is about a boy growing up with his family and having to live with the fact that his father has died . It takes place during the Great Depression . Very important new things are brought to his town , like electricity . One of the things I think Jim learns is that life is not perfect . This book shows that the world is not always nice , but that there are still nice things . I think this book is one of those nice things .
 The year is 1934 . A new school is under construction in Aliceville in order to consolidate five disparate one and two room school houses . Convict crews are manually digging post holes along a state route in advance of electricity coming to this North Carolina community . Polio is still an uncontrolled blight upon the national landscape . The story opens on Jim Glass 's tenth birthday and chronicles a full year of Jim 's life experiences
 I saw this book displayed in a book store & I was with my kids . They both ran up to it , sat on the floor and spent the next hour glued to it . I took a curious look to find it was beautiful , educational and inspiring . I bought the book for my kids , my nieces , my nephews & my friend 's kids . More books of beauty , hope & inspiration should be available for my children . Maybe these authors should consider a Silver Seeds two !
 I liked this book a lot . I liked the drawings and the words . I learned alot about nature . I 'm glad my mom bought this book for me . Someday I want to work in the outdoors .
 I wrote a similar review for Steven Schnur 's `` Summer ; an Alphabet Acrostic '' , and much of what I said applies here . I love to see writers take a tired old language arts exercise , or old poetry style , and spice it up a bit , or at least make it a little more interesting . These are fine , clever acrostics , yet simple enough for everyone to enjoy . The artwork is soft , yet colorful , with large , up close images , and there is a peacefulness to the overall feel of the book . I recommend this one to the kids with whom I work , and to adults ! A nice book !
 This was an excellent business transaction . The product was in excellent condition and arrived a timely manner . Great doing business with you , Thanks !
 I often times have trouble thinking of gifts for my three grown children for Christmas . I ordered each of them Life 's , `` One Nation '' and paged through it after it arrived . Not only is it beautifully put together , but it served as a reminder of the horrifying , heinous crime committed on all of the innocent people at the WTC and the Pentagon . If you ever questioned , for one second , our countries mission to find those cold hearted , controlling , crazy bastards , the book WILL remind you of the rage you felt the day it happened . . guaranteed .
 5 stars = I love it ? No , 5 stars is my thanks for the delicate and tasteful , yet powerful and moving manner in which this most tragic moment in our nations history was recorded . LIFE exceeded its own reputation with the content and speedy publication of this chronicle - so we may never forget .
 The book reviews the events of 9.11 and looks at their impact on the nation primarily through it 's impact on the victims and those who responded to the events.The book works on the one hand as , is often the case with the Life books of this genre , the photography is excellent and well scaled . There is enough to convey the impact and scope of the attacks without engendering sensory overload . The use of a news ticker like format in the photo section is effective in that it provides identification and context sufficient to the need without detracting from the power of the photography.The best part of the book , however , is the second half which is basically broken into three parts
 What has -LRB- ... -RRB- me off the most since September 11 is how people have been exploiting this tragedy for their own purpose -- the make money . From people selling picture or T-shirts with the twin towers displayed to the current slate of books showing the tragedy in grainy photos , it 's nice to turn to someone like Time-Life and get a broad panorama of images to put things into perspective while simultaneously giving us gentle reminders of what happened and where we are today .
 LIFE has done a first class job of putting together a book covering this horrific act by such a cowardly enemy.Rather than to make the Americans cower as these fanatics probably thought and probably thought and hoped for ; it showed what a good and strong nation it is.History will remember both 9/11 and Pearl Harbor for the terrible and misguided acts of hatred they were.This act conjours up different thoughts for everyone who witnessed it , in whatever fashion , but no more so than those who had friends and particularly those who lost loved ones.To those who may turn a little soft on the War on Terror a review of this book should remind one of what we are dealing with.A great book TIME and thanks .
 There are scores of books on the shelves attempting to encapsulate the images of our darkest day in history , but LIFE always did have a unique and moving way to capture these events . ONE NATION provides not only the visual images but also the editorial that many people desire . Page after page you will be moved . A New Yorker all my life , I still can not believe what happened that day , what my own eyes witnessed as the towering steel pillars crumbled to dust . My children will ask me questions when they grow up about what we experienced on 9-11-01 and I know that the images will be as clear to me in the future as they were on that day . Thanks to books like this , the complete and accurate `` history lesson '' will be readily accessible to our future generations .
 This book really showed patriotism . I loved it and the pictures were extreme . It was a great book for anyone , any age . I really enjoyed the book , but it made me sad .
 If you are only going to buy one book to commemorate 9/11 this is the one . It touches on the worst and the very best of the day , and is a book to keep and pass down to future generations .
 The editors of LIFE magazine have put together a splendid testimonial to all of the victims of September 11th . This is a volume that should be on the coffee table of every American household and in every school library.In great detail , LIFE recreates that day with pictures , eyewitness reports , and graphics , that will further enhance your knowledge of exactly what happened . The pictures are stunning and at times they bring the action rushing back into your mind.This is not the kind of book that you can just pick up and read . This is a book that you thumb through on a periodic basis to remind yourself that we are a target . It is the kind of book that you have to buy so your kids and grandkids will be able to understand what happened.We are the only nation that could have come through this attack with renewed patriotism . This book does everything it can to remind the reader that we are truly the land of the free and the home of the brave .
 I agree with most readers , this is a incredible book about a vicious terrorist attack . I do not agree with a reader from New York , that America should close its borders because of this . Maybe America should exempt some people from entering , but not all , since the beginning of colonization America has welcomed immigrants from all over the world . Unless you are a native American , all other people have once been immigrants . I am from the Netherlands , and it was the Dutch who founded New Amsterdam , as New York was then called . So the Dutch have a strong feeling about New York in general . I have visited New York twice , and I also visited the Twin Towers twice . When I first heard about the attacks , I wanted to check the internet but it was jammed . When it was time to go home , I even got a speeding ticket . I wanted to get home as fast as I could . Last week I have seen a lot of programmes on tv , regarding the aniversary of the attacks . Every time I see the planes hit the towers , or when the buildings come down , or people jump out of the windows , it always makes me cry . So please remember not only Americans are touched by this event , but also other people around the world , and the closing of the borders is not a solution of terrorist attacks . I myself have always wanted to immigrate to the US , and that feeling has even been stronger since 9-11-01 . Though it seems America does n't have many friends at this moment around the world , the only thing I can say for myself is that I am a friend from the USA and I know a lot of people who are also friends from the US.I will always be a friend .
 This publication is absolutely beautiful . The stories , the pictures they all capture the unthinkable events of 9/11 . I would recommend this book highly !
 This book , -LRB- ... -RRB- really have done a great job with photographs and stories of September 11 , 2001 . This is mainly a good picture book . -LRB- ... -RRB- `` One Nation '' and `` America 's Heroes '' tell the story of American 's coming together and helping one another out in such a tragic event .
 WOW ! This book deals beautifully with what was a very painful and tragic day for all of us ... and it is a must-have for ALL Americans , for ALL time ! The imagery is awesome and sometimes disturbing ... but we should be disturbed , and we should NEVER forget ! To forget the day ... is to forget the huge loss of life . This book not only immortalizes the significance of the events of September 11th , but it immortalizes those who were lost and those who lost , those who were heroes and those who continue heroic efforts on a daily basis . LIFE has done a great job of balancing the tragedy of that day , with the hope for the future . So ... as we move forward ... and you begin to slip back into a sense of complacency ... open this book ... look at the pictures and read the words ... and I am sure that it will once again seal your resolve to treasure every moment and to continue striving to make the world a better place .
 Pictures . These will remind you . Haunting . Sad . Heart wrenching . Moving . These words wo n't do it for you . The book will give you more . Over 3000 people died that day . This book will help you to never forget what happened to them and us .
 This book made me cry all over again . This is an important book for all generations . It helps us to never forget the horrific events of September 11 , 2001 , and we should never be allowed to forget . There were so many souls that were tragically lost that day . We must never forget them or the families they left behind . This act has affected all mankind , and it is a loss we will all feel for a very long time to come.Life , I applaud you for putting out such a wonderful book . I will display it proudly along with my flag . Less , I ever forget .
 It is a beautiful book . Horrific , unforgettable images and a lot of tragic emotions . I would not mind to see a bit less of the American point of view , less sentimentality and more universal view , but that 's only my opinion . Overall , it 's a keeper .
 Wonderful experience . Seller worked out all the details with me and I was so pleased with the purchase . Would definitely refer others to him and also buy from him again . Thanks so much .
 A worthy tribute . Be prepared , however , to open up this book and be taken right back to the shock , grief and pain of September 11 . It is hard to believe that we lived through it , and the book is a way to further absorb some of these huge events at whatever pace is right for you . Amazing photos taken inside the World Trade Center during the evacuation , as well as the heroic rescue workers -LRB- including the canine heros -RRB- . Nothing overly graphic . Very well put together , as we would expect from Life Magazine .
 I picked this book up to read now , 9 months after the attacks of September 11th and found myself becoming choked up all over again . The photos are of course of the highest quality of composition and emotion , as you would expect from Life Magazine . The illustrated timeline brings the day back into focus , and now that time has given some distance , allows us to look anew at how the day unfolded . But of course , in any kind of tragedy , it is the human elements that have the most impact - and this book presents that excellently . Stories of heroism , tragedy , chance , determination and sadness brought tears to my eyes . The overwhelming shock of the events have worn off for the most part , but these stories remind us of what the day meant to people . The section of photographs of individuals against a stark white background drives home the smallest human element of an overwhelming tableau . The people focused upon are there for a reason , and even though just being there and taking part in the aftermath should be reason enough , most of the subjects have additional connections that ties them all together in a web of tragedy and redemption . This is a book to treasure and to use to show those that come after us what this day meant to America .
 WHAT MAKES IT SO WONDERFUL IS THAT IT STARTS WITH A TIME LINE IN PICTURES OF THE MINUTES PRIOR TO THE ATTACK AND THE SEQUENCE OF HAPPENINGS ABOUT THE MOST HORRIBLE EVENT ON AMERICAN SOIL IN HISTORY . EVERY AMERICAN FAMILY SHOULD OWN A COPY OF THIS BOOK .
 What lives left this planet on September 11 is more than words will describe . `` Life '' knows this . `` One Nation
 AWESOME . Outstanding photgraphs unmatched for this tragice day . The book takes you minutes by minutes that fateful day with some great short stories that high light the terrorism that was thrust upon us . You will want to look at this over and over again and keep it secured to pass on to your children . A great job as usual by Life magazine photo editors .
 A message to each and every reviewer who takes time to add thoughts to a any media of memorial of 9/11 , World Trade Center Towers tragedy ... thank you from my heart.My spouse and I resided on the Lower West Side , Battery Park City , Gateway Plaza , So . End Ave. As survivors of the 9/11 World Trade Center Towers tragedy ... From our Gateway Plaza apartment , facing the street and 300 yards from the Towers , we helplessly witnessed all from our apartment windows . The closeness of the Towers viewed from our windows - gave an illusion that one could reach out and touch the Towers ; their beauty with night lights reaching toward the sky promoted a contemplative emotion.We viewed the planes entering the Towers , the overwhelming inferno , individuals jumping , the collapse of the Towers , the darkness as debris hit our windows with a fury . What occurred over a period of hours , seemed like a much shorter time span . The darkness was darker than an eclipse , darker than the darkest night ; and then a momentary hush after the air cleared . Viewing the roof garden one floor below , with the human reaction of looking out to see if someone might be on that roof garden and in need of help . Debris strewn everywhere , recording tape and paper hung from the trees of the garden and oh , so much ash . The momentary hush , whether real or imagined , then the viewing of debris for a second , fantasized that a parade had just passed by on our short street . I now really understand the expression a `` feeling of helplessness '' , I could n't fix what had just happened.We vacated our apartment finally at 5:15 p.m. that day , waiting for someone to knock on our door , with only a battery radio to keep us abreast of happenings . `` In a New York minute '' , we evacuated via the stairwell touched with ash , the result of a first floor door left open . With a few belongings , gathered with a tad of thought of what was being left behind , we stepped out of the door onto the pavement , seeing and standing in ever so much ash & debris , I wanted to turn around and go back to our home . It was one moment of reality in time , I carry to this day.We planned to walk up the East Side , glimpsed the tired fire , police , volunteers , and med techs in our immediate driveway and street , so instead opted to pass through the building in back of the apartment complex . We gained access to the Esplanade walking the short distance to reach the Hudson River North Cove dock . We were escorted to the New Jersey shore via New York Police boat . From the boat deck , we viewed even more damage to the Manhattan skyline , especially noting the zigzag shape of the side of the American Express building , housed in one of the World Financial Center buildings along with the glorious Winter Garden , as well as the fall of World Trade Center Building 7 . We were taken to the Jersey City Hospital , attended to by compassionate staff . Then traveled by National Guard truck to Hoboken , NJ where we were housed by a wonderful family who with great trust welcomed strangers to their home.On Friday 9/14 , our eldest son & daughter-in-law drove from New Hampshire via New Jersey routes to Hoboken for transport us to New Hampshire for temporary residence with our daughter , who along with her friend and our youngest son , greeted us with open arms & the overwhelming feeling of not wanting to let go with each hug that followed . Our daughter and son had spent that Friday in New Hampshire collecting items of clothing and necessities which the Concord community generously opened their hearts and donated by churches , stores , individuals , employers , American Red Cross , et al.One of our grandchildren -- he was 8 at that time - arrived home from a few days with his Dad . He hugged us so tight , understanding the depth of 9/11 events for someone so young and yet so wise . He told Grandpa & Babcia that he had something for them ... his Mom was not even aware of his gift . He had spoken to his classmates about his grandparents ' closeness in location of the World Trade Center Towers . Presented to us was a large envelope full of hand-made cards from each of his classmates . And if that is n't love and caring , I do n't know what is - from the hearts and minds of children!Residing now in New Hampshire , not because of 9/11 drove us away , but circumstances just went that way as we continue to put our lives into perspective.We Miss - New York City deeply ; events found nowhere else in the USA , the introduction to & interaction with so many wonderful cultures . There is n't a day or night over these years that we do not think of 9/11 ... the Lady of Liberty & Ellis Island both on the merge of the East and Hudson Rivers . And that Lady of Liberty wept , I just know it , & still stands with pride that the USA is a democracy that will prevail.We Remember - the victims , the survivors , their friends and families , the workers from the public and private sector , the volunteers , our neighbors in Gateway Plaza and staff in the small group of stores on South End Avenue , Battery Park City.We Remember - the places we visited , the book signings attended , the celebrities we met , the concerts and theater plays , the movies , the arts , the parks , the strangers we talked with , on streets , on subway and those while standing in line for an event ... We Remember - Always In Our Hearts , Forever In Our Souls , Heroes , Victims , Survivors One and All ... We Were There.Painfully , the lump in my throat and the twist in my stomach , the tears in my eyes and the pain in my heart , to the depth of my soul , forever reside .
 This is a fabulous book of pictures and stories of 9/11 . It definitely lives up to the Life Magazine reputation . Highly recommended . I bought one for my mother too .
 While the images collected in this volume are familiar to anyone with a television , they are still as disturbing as when they first appeared seven months ago . Life magazine , long a chronicle of the major events in American history and pop culture , has done it again with striking photography and heart-wrenching profiles of the many heroes of that pivotal day.Featuring an introduction by former New York mayor Giuliani and a poem by laureate Maya Angelou , this book is a must-have for present and future generations . Its poignant text and attention to detailing the events as they occurred make the book a handy , if emotionally charged reference work.Not enough recommendations can be given to this sure-to-be award-winning publication .
 This book is very informative , it details everything by the minute . Many of the photos published are photos I viewed only on the internet so it 's great that I now have copies of those photos . This book is also heartbreaking because it brings it all back . There are photos of flyers of the missing victims on the inside covers , viewing the cover of the book on the web you are not able to see that it actually has thumbnail photos of the victims . This book is well written and very informative for our children if they need it for reference in the future . I highly recommend everone to buy it . A co-worker brought two copies of this book after reading my copy . Take care ! God Bless America !
 The book has nice big colored pictures . It starts out going through the whole event in time order . It ends with beautiful picture of firefighters , police and other eye witnesses . It shows the emotions of the day and the weeks following ! I was very touched by it !
 Excellent book on the September 11th tragedy .
 I have to admit , I was wary of a publication about 9-11 , cynically thinking most publications are for exploitation and profit only but this book is not that at all . Life Magazine , as always , presents us with a beautiful piece of work , taking us to that tragic day , offering insight as well as edification . This book is exceptional and I highly recommend it !
 Once again LIFE captures history through a pictorial essay that captures all elements of this horrific catastrophy . It is one of the most important books of our time .
 what a healing experience it is to view these pictures . i live in new york and witnessed the attacks on and subsequent collapse of the towers . my apartment building is 10 blocks north of ground zero . while my cell phone still worked i recieved a call from my mother who was sobbing as my eldest brother was on a flight that morning out of Laguardia and my neice had just begun a new job `` somewhere downtown '' on monday sept 10th . both are safe , my brothers plane landed in chicago and i found my neice 3 hours later shaken but unhurt . unfortunately i lost 2 friends-one in tower two and the other on the united flight . the most moving photos for me and the ones that bring the tears are those of my fellow new yorkers staring in disbelief at the unfolding horror . i continually relive the crash of the second plane into tower 2 , the collapse of the towers and building 7 but those visuals in my head do not compare to the pictures in this and similar books.the towers were not loved by new yorkers in the way that the empire state building or chrysler building are . i never thought i would miss them so much . they were an anchor for those of us who live downtown . the hole in the sky is more of a daily shock than the hole in the ground.my hope is that rest of america which loves to hate new york saw our humanity that day . these books are testament to that .
 THIS BOOK IS A TREASURE AND KEEPSAKE.HEARTWRENCHING YET SPIRITUAALLY UPLIFTING.WRITTEN IN VERY GOOD TASTE.GOD BLESS AMERICA
 THE PICTURES BROUGHT CHILLS TO MY BODY . THIS BOOK IS GREAT AND SHOULD BE BOUGHT BY EVERYONE AS A REMINER NOT ONLY TO US BUT TO OUR CHILDREN AND THEIR CHILDREN . A MUST OWN BY EVERYONE ... . YOUR MONEY IS WELL SPENT
 This book depicts the events of September 11 with photos that are poignant and captivating . The words of the survivors and their families give you a heart-wrenching feeling of what happened that day . We must never forget the sacrifices and heroic deeds of so many people , told and untold . I highly recommend it for a family keepsake to pass onto other generations so that we may never forget the horrendous events of that day .
 It was a great book with a price-less timeline of the events of September 11 , 2001 .
 As I clicked through the excerpts offered by Amazon.com , I realized I HAVE this book -- but not by this name.The one I have may have come out earlier or later . It is an oversized paperback -LRB- coffee-table type -RRB- by LIFE entitled , `` In the Land of The Free . '' It is , indeed , an INCREDIBLE book , and one I am extremely grateful to have as a visual and emotional reminder of that day -- and the days following.I HIGHLY recommend either edition . ONE NATION appears to have more pages and a different cover -- due , I 'm sure , to the differences in pub dates . The hardcover version , ONE NATION , would / will last longer than the paperback , as my binder is already showing wear.A must for anyone who wants to teach their children , a friend , a traveler , or remind yourself , what happened this day -- and why it still brings us to tears.As DVD companions , the `` IN MEMORIAM -- NEW YORK CITY , 9/11/01 '' and `` 9/11 - THE FILMAKERS ' COMMEMORATIVE EDITION '' come with my HIGHEST recommendations . I grew up in Manhattan , and though have not lived there for many years , that old saying goes -- once a New Yorker , always a New Yorker . We all became New Yorkers that day.And we all became members of a Global Community that day , as we saw when 3,000 trees were planted in Australia on the 2nd Anniversary of 9/11 ... and with hope & rememberance , perchance we can continue to be so ...
 This is a timeless book that gives grace to a day that shares so much tragedy . We have it out at all times on our table for people to view ... and remember .
 A really worthwhile book to own as a remembrance of that terrible day . I 'm sure I will refer to this book in future years and plan to save it forever . I hope we never again see another day like September 11 , 2001 .
 I received this book in my stocking for christmas . When I sat down to look at it , the personal testimonies and the introduction from Mayor Giuliani brought tears to my eyes . Everyone in America should have a copy of this book to remember the terrible attack on our great nation .
 Leave it Time/Life to create a yet another masterpiece!This book draws you into that horrific day of September 11 , and fills the soul with the same emotions that was felt then.A tremendous book to keep in the family and to share with future generations .
 This book is beautiful ! It has some great pictures that I had n't seen anywhere , and I own every WTC book I can find . From the awful events to a history of teh Towers to images of heroes and tributes , this book is wonderful.There is one flaw however , where a caption describes in detail , a picture of a plane hitting the North Tower at 8:48 am when CLEARLY it is a pic of the Second plane and Tower 2 . How do you miss this one ? Especially when there were n't any photos from this angle of the first plane ! Other than that , it is a must see !
 Leave it to Life Magazine to deliver both a poignantly illustrated and informative journey through the tragedy and heroics of 11 September . Unlike other publications of this disaster , Life covers all three crash sites . The photos are vivid and emotional . The information explains the minute-by-minute details while providing an illustrated perspective of the attack and aftermath . Life Magazine has been a valuable companion to other historic events , like JFK 's assasination . This book is a guidepost along the somber journey through 11September and its aftermath . Treasure it .
 An extraordinary collection of photographs by Life photographers and essays that capture the history and emotions of 9/11 and the aftermath . The coverage is not just limited to the WTC , but Washington and Pennsylvania as well - the whole nation , in fact . Truly as inspiring as it is horrifying . There have been numerous books already on this subject but this one looks like its going to be the definitive volume to keep .
 This book was very good because it has pictures from when both plames crashed into the twin tower it shows people thatt were heroes people that survived It showzs insider tyhe twin towers when every one was trying to get out it shows every thing from september 11 that is why I rated this book a 5 .
 While the book 's content is extraordinary , its layout is awkward . The 91/4 X 11 size is sadly frustrating as some of the earliest and most remarkable photographs are positioned and lost in the center seam of the book!I suspect the speed of the book 's release had something to do with its awkward layout.Perhaps in time `` Life '' magazine will release these photographs in a larger format as a timeless record of extraordinary courage and tenacity on every front .
 I have read a few reviews and comments from other places as to why these types of books popped up after the tragedy . Some call it abusing the publishing arena to make bank account rather than the account . First we need a record of this account whether the material is for profit , since we all will profit from this for many reasons and lessons . Our history has been altered , can you imagine if people forgot about Pearl Harbor . I was at Pearl Harbor December 7th 1941 , and I was in Manhattan September 11th 2001 . The same shock and memories crossed me in the instant . The same pain befell me . Amongst the damage incurred and all the planes in the air , there were some Japanese planes that crashed that day , the memories are easy to bear now . I believe our pain will soon subside , then , when we look at the pictures in this book and the written account , we will be able to decide our direction . I have the original Life Magazines for the entire year of 1942 , and many through 1946 . When I looked at them when the war was finished , my contentment could not be surpassed . When I look at them now , I feel we can do it again , even better . We need it to remember for many reasons.This Book is the best account I have seen to date and would suggest buying it for your Grand children . Show them when they are old enough to understand . They will be able to decide whats best for America.I want to recommend a very good book that is everything about the events come to us , and gives us some fine direction . SB 1 or God by Karl Maddox
 Life Magazine , for as long as it has been in existence , has been known for its vivid portrayal in words and photographs of life 's events , both joyous and tragic . This book is no exception . How could anyone read about the devastating events of September 11 , 2001 and not be moved . Throughout `` One Nation '' the reader will recapture the events as they unfolded , meet both survivors and courageous rescuers , and still be left with that plaguing question , `` in this century , in a time of peace and prosperity , how could this horrific event possibly have happened ? `` One need not be an American to appreciate this book , for the tragic events pictured here could happen anywhere . Where , is only a matter of geography . It is not appropriate to say it is an enjoyable book to read , for it is not . The events revealed here defy description and are so horrific they will stay with you forever . However , the book is a compelling one to read . For those who do not live near New York , it puts the reader in touch with the reality of the events . Life Magazine has produced a moving and impressive account , both in words and photographs , of what will become an unforgettable time in history . `` One Nation '' shows through the eyes of endless rescue workers , from all walks of life , that the world with all its tragedy , unpredictability and despair is also still a world filled with tremendous compassion and love for one 's fellow man .
 Wow.This book will be the definitive collection of first-rate photographs and images of September 11th and its aftermath . `` One Nation '' is a must have regardless of whether you 've been collecting other magazine or newspaper images of September 11th . It 's hardbound with thick stock paper , pretty close in design to a coffee-table book . The hundreds of stunning photographs , coupled with the detailed narrative , make it an ideal collector 's book and a thoughtful gift . It 's sure to be a hand-me-down to children and grandchildren as well.This breathtaking book of pictures is divided into numerous sections , more or less organized by chronology . Let me describe a few highlights , since there are too many images to describe in this short space . One of the first sections , tells -LRB- and shows in pictures -RRB- the story of how the World Trade Center was designed and built . That section has quotes from the architect and pictures from the Towers ' development process . The next major section is devoted exclusively to a minute-by-minute description of the Events of September 11th -LRB- what some of us here simply call `` ES11 '' -RRB- . This section has dozens upon dozens of pages of pictures and text -- all from September 11th . You ca n't help but be moved by some familiar images from television as well as an array of touching photos that have never been released in this format . The narrative to this incredibly detailed section also includes detailed maps , timelines of key events , and profiles of survivors , those who passed away , and individual heroes . The pictures are powerful , almost all in vivid color , and show the moments of September 11th unfolding in real time.The middle chapters include an essay about the history of New York and the City 's importance in our natural and global culture . One of these chapters is a beautiful photo essay of the nation 's activities in the month following September 11th . The photos show mourners in various cities , various ways the flag was symbolically displayed , and images of soldiers leaving for battle . One such picture shows a soldier and his wife saying goodbye , while trying to hold back tears and fear . It will move you . Another touching section from the middle of the photo-booktells the moving stories of a variety of heroes who emerged on September 11th . You 'll read about -LRB- and see touching pictures of -RRB- the passengers on Flight 93 , an unsung hero on Flight 11 , Father Judge , the chaplain of the NYFD , the `` Lucky 6 '' of the NYFD , even the touching story of the search and rescue dogs who made a difference in the rubble . There 's also a lengthy collection of photos and profiles developed by legendary Time photographer Joe McNally , for his Ground Zero Portrait Project . The Portrait Project excerpt has pages of photos and profiles of a variety of people who came together for the rescue and recovery mission . The full page pictures and short biographies remind us that New York is the most diverse city in the United States , and that public service knows no bounds of age or race.Sprinkled throughout the book are poetry and essays written just for this collection , including `` Bottomless Tuesday '' by Gordon Parks , the wonderful filmmaker and photographer , and `` Extravagant Spirits '' by our legendary poet Maya Angelou.The last sections of the book focus on life in the weeks and months after September 11th . Here , you 'll see touching pictures of a recovering New York , including a beautiful shot of children playing by the East River , against a backdrop of where the Towers were formerly visible . There are also somber images of post-September 11th funerals and the war effort.I live and work in Manhattan , and I 'm not afraid to admit that despite feeling and seeing the heavy dose of real-life and news coverage up close , the images in this book still brought me to a moment of true reflection and humility . The book also showed me a side of New York that I 've seen on the streets here but that much of the rest of the world has n't begun to fully appreciate.I have only two small quibbles with the book . First , there are n't enough images or narrative about the events in Pennsylvania and Virginia/D . C. Second , there is n't a whole lot of exploration of the people or issues that caused this tragedy . Maybe , in a book entitled `` One Nation '' , that 's how it was meant to be.Taken as a whole , `` One Nation '' represents a great and triumphant return for LIFE Magazine and its chronicling of the American story . It captures a truly unique and tragic time in American history -- one that made us pause admidst our differences to share a moment of deep reflection about ourselves , our country , and our truly global world .
 I was in search of a book memoralizing September 11 . I wanted mainly pictures , with slight descriptions . I wanted to open the cover to see the two tall towers beaming in their prime with pride . And being a New Yorker , I wanted to see the whole truth . People are mortified by the images of people jumpimg from the towers . This is realism . This is what we all went through . I didnt want anything sugar coated for me , or better yet for my childrens children that look upon this tragedy in years to come . These are the unfathomable images that sparked rage and fury against anyone who terrorizes our country . This is what made us truly unite . This book had it all . I will save it until the end of time and pass it along to generations to come to see what I/we lived through and how I am so proud , not only to be an American , but a New Yorker !
 I bought this as a gift to my sister , but before I wrapped it , I ended up looking through the photos that told the haunting story of 9-11 . Now , granted , I have not seen the other books by other publishers , but I was amazed at the vividness captured on film . My wife is a photographer , and I know how hard she works to capture images that are `` worth a 1,000 words . '' The photographers who sold their images to Life have done their job . If you want a keep-sake to remember one of the greatest tragedies in American history , I recommend this book . It helps give perspective as to the true tragedy of the events taking place that day .
 I would like to have known before ordering that 120 + pages of this book were published by Life 2-3 weeks before , page for page , in a commemorative issue available on newstands - though in paper , and with a different title and cover -LRB- curiously , though , the lovely cover photo - a firefighter holding the flag was missing from the hardcover version -RRB- . I felt misled when I first skimmed this hardcover edition . Later , I realized that there were about 50 extra pages , but photos added to the hardcover were n't that much different from what was in the paper version on newsstands ; pages with pictures of individuals at the end was overdone filler ; and many photos were very familiar already . Having said all that , one ca n't argue with the quality of `` Life '' compilations of photographs , and quality of the book overall -LRB- paper , format , photo placements -RRB- is very good , with several eye-popping pictures . And it certainly beats presentation in the Magnum Press compilation , also about the WTC attacks .
 Life has really outdone itself here . This wonderfully executed book on the 9/11 tragedy is by far the best of the twenty plus that I have viewed . The best thing in this volume is the gripping recapping of the events of that day complete with AMAZING photographs that flow along a timeline . The pictures are of the highest quality , many of them I had not even seen before . The inclusion of photos of ` ordinary ' Americans near the end is also quite haunting.I highly recommend this book , rather than some others -LRB- Reuters for one -RRB- that used the tragedy as a platform to promote various causes .
 I have n't read any other books on Sept. 11 , but I 'm sure this would be one of the best out there . It has 192 color pages of amazing photos and great text . Some photos are disturbing , people jumping to death , but accurately portrays the tragedy . I personally liked the timeline of events . I read that and remember what I was doing and thinking at every heart-breaking moment . Wonderful stories of families and courage , people changed in many ways that day . Photos I never saw on television , or details I just did n't notice , now we will have a lasting tribute in this awesome book .
 We must never forget what happened on September 11 , as individuals and as a nation . A book like this is one that our grandchildren will be looking at years from now while we describle the feelings and horror of that time.LIFE magazine , as usual , could be counted upon to chronicle , in photos and text , these sad and devastating events . The photos are exquisitely painful and the text -LRB- some by Guiliani , and poems by Maya Angelou and Charles Parks -RRB- is achingly appropriate.Reading this today , nine months after our national tragedy , made me realize that while the rawness of grief has somewhat lessened , it will never be gone .
 From the moment I opened this book , I was riveted . Every page was filled with pictures , personal accounts and memories . It was hard to look at the pictures and not cry . That old addage is true ... a picture really is worth a thousand words . Every picture put in this book tells a story ... From the firefighters , police and EMS personnel who are now being called heroes , to the picture that unfortunately captured a person jumping from one of the towers . I would say definitely pick up a copy of this book . I know that every time I look through the pages of the book I will always remember the events of that day and the days following . I will also remember how proud I feel to not only be an American , but to be one who as an EMT assisted at Ground Zero .
 The September 11 tragedy still haunts us . While we will never forget that horrible day , Life Magazine provides a book that enables us to reflect on the emotions in NYC , DC and PA , while providing outstanding information about the attacks and aftermath . This beautiful coffee table book includes a forward by Mayor Giuliani . Life Magazine meets , and often exceeds , our expectations with images depicting the horror , sadness , heroism and determination of those impacted . I visited Ground Zero , last week , and began to understand for the first time the true emotion , scope and scar of the attack . `` One Nation
 This book contains some great photos of 9/11 . Among the most striking are the dual page spreads on pages 72-73 and 92-93 . Take a look for yourself at the unburnt paper everwhere and the satalite photo of the `` Dust Plume/Cloud '' respectively.Then do yourself a favor and take a look at the only foresic scientific study of the evidence.Where Did the Towers Go ? Evidence of Directed Free-energy Technology on 9/11
 We saw this book in the World Trade Centre on a recent visit to NYC . It along with another book we believed were the best of what was on offer . Incredible graphics , real pictures ; some featuring frame by frame shots , then the personal stories . It 's really a must read , and incredible book for the coffee table where everybody picks this book up and flicks through.We ordered the book only the evening we returned to our hotel room -LRB- 2nd hand -RRB- - saving weight in our luggage as it was in the first week of a month holiday along the east coast of US . Was here at home in OZ when we returned , and it looks brand new ! Thanks Amazon !
 This book is a piece of recent history , and the numerous photographs from that day , together with the minute by minute timeline , give a good idea of the day as it unfolded . Looking at the large photographs , some double-page , of the twin towers as they were struck , and later as the towers fall , it still feels difficult to believe that this actually did happen.A powerful image is of a group of people gazing upwards , the look of horror on their faces as they witness one of the towers fall says as much as any picture , of the magnitude of the event . Well researched and with eyewitness accounts as well as chapters dealing with the aftermath , the clearing up of the destruction , and how some of those left behind are coping , make this a balanced book.It does not only focus on the drama .
 Ordered same book from three different vendors - one came within a week , one in two weeks , the last in four weeks . All arrived in good shape .
 Manages to be both horrific and beautiful , heart-wrenching and uplifting . A book which must be experienced to be believed . This has to be one of Time-Life 's best efforts .
 As vital as this necessary work is for today , its value will increase as the future unfolds . The important element arising from 9-11 in the total perspective is saluting the unfolding legacy developing from those events as they are projected forward toward posterity , never forgetting the sacrifices of those who died and those who risked their lives to assist . It was a day and a period for coming together , for fellowship , for doing for others . This book serves as an important tool in preserving that legacy.Selfish concerns must be forgotten when an event of this magnitude occurs . This is the type of period when Americans must respond to the challenge , to unite . This book captures that unification process in action . These photos are reminiscent for their profound meaning of those taken following the deaths of Franklin Delano Roosevelt , John Fitzgerald Kennedy and Martin Luther King . A great nation reveals its best , and displays its unifying core , in the wake of tragedy .
 i just want to say this is one of the most moveing and inspiring books iv ever read.Its history and its worth every cent and more.i bought 5 books as gifts for christmas . and everyone loved them.every picture is detailed to what happend . . and the storys in the book is from the personal lifes of everyone like fireman.police man.ect . . you got to buy it . . !!!! Roger .
 I 've never been a big fan of Life magazine ; it 's just a little maudlin for my taste . However , I have always given credit where it is due , and recognized that some of the very best photojournalism to be found is in the pages of Life.As a New Yorker in body and soul , who is currently displaced , I started flipping through this book just to look at the change in the skyline without the World Trade Center Towers.I was hooked . I had to look at every picture , and also read the text . The writers are all of one mind , which I suppose is the point of the book ; the book does n't quite challenge itself , though . Nonetheless , the writers come from many perspectives , and many places
 saw this on the chris matthews show and ordered it immediately . when it arrived at thanksgiving time , it took two days before i was able to view it -- everyone else was reading it and walking off with it . for those of us who were virtually in a state of shock for the first week after 9-11 , it is wonderful to be able to view this collection of work . beautifully done , i was at once both grieving at the event yet so very proud to be an american.enough said .
 Here 's another charming fable by Robert Nathan - your typical dog -LRB- Musket -RRB- meets dog -LRB- Susan -RRB- story
 The book not only told a nice story , but also did so like a poem . The art work/pictures were simple and clear , young children will feel at home with this book . This is much better for them to read than a lot of other items avaible . let your child enjoy this one !
 The book I had ordered arrived much earlier than I had expected.I very much appreciate this prompt service .
 Change is hard . I 've been part of companies that merged , were acquired , acquired others , downsized drastically , changed the CEO , moved corporate headquarters to another state and completely changed their target market . The change was difficult in each of these circumstances . That 's not particularly surprising . What is surprising is that change is also difficult when doing something as seemingly simple as changing the company health plan . I wish I 'd read this book before going through those changes.A large part of my current work is in helping companies manage the transition from how they currently develop software to developing software with an `` agile process . '' The book codified some of the things I 've done for years without thinking about why but more importantly it also presented ideas I had n't thought of . For example , the `` Champion Skeptic '' pattern says to designate a skeptical , strong opinion leader to be the `` official skeptic . '' I 've always made a point of involving these skeptics because they can become your best advocates if you convert them . However , I 've experimented with the idea as presented here and it works well.Change will remain hard , even after reading this book . But , you 'll be much better prepared and you should find many of the patterns here very helpful .
 Have you ever wondered how to effectively introduce new ideas in your organization and get them to fly ? Wonder why some people effortlessly get buy-in on their ideas while you struggle ? Mary Lynn Manns , Ph. D. and Linda Rising , Ph. D. reveal some of those secrets in the book Fearless Change - Patterns For Introducing New Ideas -LRB- Addison Wesley -RRB- . Chapter list : Part 1 - Overview
 While rapid change has always been a fundamental component of the computing field , recent changes have been far more substantial and difficult to deal with . In the past , changes were generally things like the introduction of a new language or a change in the structure of an old language . While these were difficult , experienced IT workers grew to accept them as part of the job.However , the recent changes are far more significant and often differences in kind rather than differences in degree . Previously , collaboration between programmers could usually be handled by a gathering in a meeting room . Now , with the globalization of a project , organizing a collaboration literally is a difference between night and day . While it is daytime for some of the workers , for those on the other side of the world it is nighttime . There are also cultural , social and language differences to be factored into the communication protocols . Writing the source code is constantly shrinking as a relative percentage of the effort needed to create a software package . Developers are being forced to learn more about the business side and need to talk intelligently and persuasively about return on investment , time to market and profit/loss expectations.Manns and Rising describe fundamental methods that can be used to introduce change into an organization without having the cure be worse than the disease . As the presence of the word `` patterns '' in the title indicates , these are not specific recommendations for particular types of changes . They are general formulas for smoothly transitioning a social and political structure from one systemic belief to another . Since organizations are group entities where everyone shares some common beliefs and practices and those beliefs and practices can not be changed by a mere decree , Manns and Rising provide advice that can aid nearly all companies . Generally , the effectiveness of the aid will rise with the size of the company , as clearly small one or two-person companies can probably introduce change easily.The solution to most problems faced by a company is to modify a process within that company . Since the changes in IT organizations have increased in magnitude over the last few years , this has grown more difficult . Manns and Rising show you how to prepare the ground for the change , which is the first step in solving most problems . I ranked it the best book of the year 2004 in my best books of the year column for the online `` Journal of Object Technology . ''
 I had found myself moderately successful at introducing new ideas and influencing change in my organizations , but never knew why , or how to improve my ability to influence and sustain the change effort . The lightbulb was illuminated immediately upon getting a few patterns into this book - I had been , in one way or another , using some of these patterns without realizing it . Opportunities I had failed to take advantage of in the past became obvious as well in many patterns that were new to me , and in the past went unrecognized -LRB- next time , they will either be easy to spot or part of the plan in the first place ! -RRB- Once you are able to recognize techniques as patterns , influence becomes something much more controllable . This is a powerful , easy-to-use -LRB- and reuse -RRB- toolkit for introducing ideas and influencing change . I believe that those experienced in influencing change will find a well thought out set of techniques and those unsure of even how to start will have a great roadmap and set of practices to start with and to invoke as-needed as their change efforts evolve .
 In addition to excellent , well written , patterns that tell you what to do , this books is full of stories that help you to understand how to use the patterns to influence people , overcome roadblocks , and spread new ideas . Anyone who has new ideas to share will benefit from this book including
 I was in a situation where I could n't get anyone to listen to my ideas , much less try them out . I used some of these patterns , and lo ! my coworkers and managers got interested , and some of my ideas were adopted . If you can see ways your team or organization could work better , but you ca n't get any traction in getting your ideas across , the information in this book will put you on the right road.This book is n't only for managers . Even if you 're a small cog in a big wheel , using the techniques in this book , you can effect change that will benefit your team . With this book as a reference , you wo n't feel like you 're wandering into the wilderness ; you 'll have proven techniques to guide you . Keep it handy , because you 'll go back to it again and again !
 Whether we acknowledge it or not , everyone in an organization has the responsibility to drive positive , forward change . From the CEO down to each individual , ideas need to be brought to bear that can potentially change and improve the organizations direction and potential.The challenge is in moving -LRB- people -RRB- forward . In this book , the authors give everyone of us the tools -LRB- patterns -RRB- and the methods -LRB- stories -RRB- to successfully influence change in organizations.None of the patterns should come as a surprise . You 've probably seen all of them in practice at one time or another . It 's the packaging and the sage advice that is worth the price . Having a single source of wisdom for a broad variety of change approaches is , as they say - priceless .
 Fearless Change is a catalogue of patterns for introducing change in a company . Personally I 've been in the role of change agent for years and this book provided me many `` ah-hah `` s which you get from reading good patterns . Most of the patterns I 've applied in the past . Now I realized it and I got a name for them , which makes me more able to reuse the patterns . Some of the patterns were new to me and I 've applied them immediately in my work.The book is organized in three parts . The first part tells short stories on the different phases of change . These stories already made me understand the basics of the patterns and how they were related . The second part has a couple of case studies . Personally I found this part rather boring , but it was very short . The third part of the book is the actual pattern catalogue which provided the needed details.The book was easy to read and , except for the case studies , did n't make me feel bored at any time . I 've learned an awful lot from the book and it gave me some new tools in my toolbox when trying to introduce change.I 've rated this book 4 stars , which should have been 4.5 starts , but I do n't have that option . I would n't want to give it 5 stars for the small boring parts and since I would n't call it perfect yet , but close ! The books is an absolute must for anyone introducing change in an organization though !
 Just like all books on patterns , this gives you the feeling of ` oh , this is soooo obvious ' the first reading it . The fact is that a second after reading it you start thinking and talking about brown bags , angles and evangelists and refer to the book all the time . Linda and Mary Lynn give us an idiom , a very very useful idiom.Also , the book is funny . Must read .
 We are in a time of massive change . Most people are under the impression that people hate change and that change is hard . That may be true of boomers , but look out for the millenials . They have grown up with change and change permeates their lives every day . Work for the same company for 30 years ? Use the same phone for more than 2 years ? Do n't think so.Even if the world is more ready for change than it has been in the past , the way folks experience change may remain the same , and that 's why this book is relevant . We will always have the Innovators , the Early Adopters , the Early Majority , the Late Majority , and the Laggards even if the change process is significantly accelerated these days . This book describes the process in significant detail and guides the reader through predicable patterns on organizational change . There are several case studies in this book and a list of patterns to look for.The structure of the book is different from most books -LRB- such as consistently referring to later parts of the book in the early sections -RRB- , but it makes sense once you put it all together . This is a good resource for a person or company looking to institute organizational change .
 As is always the case with Beard 's work , I found it very interesting and thorough .
 This series is simply fantastic . When you set the world 's best nature photographers against each other and only select photos from the best of the best you know you will be impressed with the photography and photos in this , and the other books in this series .
 While I know all the adages about books and covers , the black and white photo , the grainy texture , the man off center , all things that run in these stories . In a way it is France , and France is the Northwest . These stories have a terrific edginess to them . Something wonderfully unsettling keeps the reader less than comfortable and completely at the mercy of the story . After reading these stories , I felt I had woken to something I had done in my life no one must know , the dicey wonder of having gone just a little wrong , having given in to temptation . Weihe 's fiction creates this dynamic tension . It is racy in all the right ways ; I found it difficult not to finish in a single sitting.The stories in this collection made me want to live again . I imagined dangers lurking behind doors in Paris , in the Northwest . Finally , Weihe 's perfectly chosen detail brings its own carefully chosen color to the grainy , dark , rainy quality of the Northwest and Paris . In the end , one thought
 Another Life is an incisive collection of stories depicting the contemporary plight encountered in the search for love , for understanding and for a meaning to life . Delving behind the superficialities of daily living and with prophetic insight , Edwin Weihe captures the intense desires that drive his characters to their inescapable and inconclusive ends . Told in a sparse and lean style , the stories brim with a sense of urgency , an urgency that is frightening , as though tomorrow might never come .
 Edwin Weihe 's Another Life and Other Stories is a remarkable first collection of short fiction . Weihe 's characters find themselves trapped , suffocating in their various situations , yearning , often unconsciously , to chuck it all . Sometimes , they do just that . Despite the desperation they often feel , the characters are always sympathetic , nuanced , sharply drawn . In his title piece , `` Another Life , '' which is that unusual form , the novella , the narrator is Jack , an American academic attending a Hemingway conference in Paris . Like the famous novelist and the `` Lost Generation '' crowd of the ` 20s , the narrator is also an expat , lost from himself . It 's a wonderful work in which the literary history of Paris in the '20s plays against the narrator 's sense being an exile from his earlier life when a love affair in Paris ended abruptly . The writing is spare , funny , satiric in its treatment of the lit.crit . / celeb scene , and finally moving in its understanding of what pushes people to the edge . When a powerhouse feminist critic pronounces the central contention of her scholarship on D.H. Lawrence , namely that Lawrence was n't able to bring his wife Frieda to orgasm , you realize Weihe is making a wry comment about the state of literary criticism as well as the essential impotence of male critics in the face of powerful female scholars . The war between the sexes , Weihe 's novella reveals , has its generals and foot soldiers in academia . I highly recommend this fine book for its honesty , understated humor , and for its unwavering gaze at the craziness of our time . When asked by an American newcomer to Paris if he believes in the afterlife , Jack replies , `` This is the afterlife . '' Yes , it is .
 In a selflessly honest appreciation for bare life , this book opens to a yearning for that which the modern human is in search of ; the straining of life against its inevitable end to recapture innocence , grace before the fall , love , or what is even more mysterious , forever lost , and finally unattainable . The anxiety of these stories is deafening as you hope against hope for your own salvation along with the characters ' in their quiet desperation for another life , so exigent as to be a matter of life and death ; a struggle too unfathomable to dare come into consciousness , though felt every moment throughout the living flesh . You will find yourself in this book .
 I am an instructor for a local college . I selected the Essntials of Business Communication as the textbook for my Business Communications course after working with it in a previous class . It is the best organized text I have found with step by step instructions for students to readily grasp the techniques used in modern business documents . The book covers e-mails , memos , a variety of business letters , reports , business proposals , resumes , letters of application and communication skills for oral presentations and interviews . Lectures , examples , assignments , and grammatical challenges are pre-designed for the instructor 's use , making this a turn-key system for teaching communication skills .
 I used this text for an online class and it was just an exceptional experience . I also had the option of visiting the classroom , which was completely out of the picture once I started turning the pages . The chapters were clear and passages easy to follow . The grammar/mechanics handbook section was really great . I have decided to keep this book as a wonderful reference tool . I find myself using it daily to double check certain things for clarification before mailing . I highly recommend this book for anyone seeking a refresher course or an improvement tool for business English . This is money well spent and is worth every cent!Other books to read for relaxation
 I never thought that I could get this textbook for my wife 's college class so cheap . It was also the exact edition and everything that she needed . In the past I 've had to go with an older edition of my textbooks to get such a low price !
 I had to purchase this book for my class at west georgia , and every topic that we covered in class was in the book . I had no problem finding the help that i needed for class in the book . Everything was explained very simply so that anyone could understand .
 Just as described - excellent price for product purchased.Although I purchased this book as a requirement for a class , I would recommend this book to anyone that writes in the business setting . It allows for quick skimming , and easy resourceful tips that are easy to apply and effective in today 's business setting .
 I would have wanted to know that the book had more than ten chapter . I also would wanted to know a little more about the subject before purchase . After I purchase this book I realize that it explains crystal clear all about business communication . I also find out that this book had useful information about business communication for today technology . Explain part by part all procedure to make good reception and open discuss for get better business . I highly recommed this book as reference for people work in Office .
 I have been reading this book since I received it and so far it is an excellent business tool ! Very informative .
 As an instructor of business writing , the exercises in the text are excellent . The chapters a bit dense for the casual student . However , the overall work teaches and focuses on true problems in the work place . The e-mail and memo writing materials nail it .
 The book was in perfect condition , however , it did n't come with the user access code for internet review websites .
 I would want to know what services are available along with the textbooks we purchase , such as are there any CD or website access comes along with the book and whether we will still be able to use it or not . And , if there is website access available , please indicate it will provide a code and expiration date along with the product.Moreover , it will be great if we can know whether there is a paper book version of the hardcover book available or not . Or , where else we can find the paper book version of the textbook in other places .
 Smooth transaction . Got my book on time . Recommend others to buy textbooks from this person .
 I was very pleased at the condition of the book I bought ! Very true to description
 I received the book in a timely manner and it was in excellent condition . I will buy books here again . Thank you so much .
 Without any knowledge of programming whatsoever , the reader learns the main programming aims -LRB- input , storage , evaluation , repetition , comparison/selection , and output -RRB- using Visual Basic as an example paradigm.A lot of hands-on exercises are provided throughout . A complete application is gradually developed through all the chapters , together with smaller applications which illustrate specific points.While the editing of the book leaves something to be desired -LRB- e.g. , incomplete sentences , punctuation errors , occasional code inaccuracies -RRB- , this is a very worthwhile book indeed . I highly recommend it for the author 's lack of assumptions and obvious understanding of the beginner 's needs .
 A book able to explain VB 6 in simple words with simplicity , I just bought the book for a program -LRB- VB 98 -RRB- dated back to 1998 , but a good book from the use I am given to it . All the topics are treated with sense and simplicity , making the language of programming easy . Good for everyone interested to learn the basics of VB 98 .
 Oakwood , Georgia Chief Deputy Angie Carter and Deputy Tony Rivers know they should not have a relationship outside of friendship and the office as she is his superior . However , they are attracted to one another though she is also a decade older than him and has been burned once before by a player , which is how most people describe Tony.Tony 's teenage niece Maggie talks with her friend single mom Claire Morton about the overdose death of Travis Reynolds ; Claire believes her baby 's father Sam Walker is the prime county drug dealer . When Sam and a business associate Marcus come home , bullets fly ; Claire is shot and is seemingly dying , Marcus is dead , and Maggie flees with baby Max . Maggie turns to her Uncle Tony for help . He , in turn , brings in his boss to help protect his niece and the infant while they investigate the drug dealing and killings by Sam.THE RUNAWAY DAUGHTER is an intriguing police procedural romance starring two likable protagonists and a strong support cast . Tony is a misfit who knows he can never be as good as his role model , his older brother ; while Angie sees how deeply he cares and loves behind his nonchalant faade , but knows she must not pursue a relationship with a direct reports employee . The tension between them as they work the case makes for a strong thriller . Though readers will wonder why the pivotal scene happened where it did as the intelligent Sam would never risk his lucrative business by killing Marcus in his home , fans will enjoy this strong older woman younger man cop romance.Harriet Klausner
 The Runaway Daughter by Anna DeStefano sensational follow-up to her previous book The Unknown Daughter.For month 's coworkers Chief Deputy Angie Carter and deputy Tony Rivers have developed a close friendship . Just when things start to heat up , Angie pulls the breaks on an affair since she is planning to run for Sheriff soon . But Tony 's presence still lingers on her mind , even though he is ten years younger he makes her feel more alive then she has had in ages . After being dumped by her fianc&eacute; after she is unable to have children she is just amazed that a playboy like Tony is even interested in her.Tony Rivers has always been the love ` em and leave ` em kind of guy . The life of the party . Tony and his older brother were orphaned at a young age and while Eric became the responsible one , Tony partied . With his brother and new wife out of town , Tony is responsible for the care of their teenage daughter Maggie . When a terrified Maggie witnesses her best friend being gunned down , she turns with her friend 's baby in tow to her Uncle Tony.Tony tries to handle this on his own , afraid that his niece will bolt with the baby . She made a promise to her friend to get the baby to her parents to care for . But Tony realizes he needs Angie 's help in order to keep Maggie alive . As Tony and Angie try to capture the killer they turn to each other for comfort . Can this one night turn into something more?Anna DeStefano writes with such feeling that you are drawn into caring for her characters . Their trials and chemistry will hook you from page one . This book is so emotional that it will linger with you long after you turn the last page .
 I have read all of the series and I thought this was definately one of the best ones . I hated to see it end . My favorites though are the first 3 in the series . But this one was good and it had a surprise ending with some sci-fi thrown in . Fred Saberhagen is one of the all-time best in this genre , do yourself a favor and read his books .
 the only problem i had with the book is the bizarre location towards the end -LRB- others who have read it will know what im talking about , but i dont want to ruin it for people who hav n't read it -RRB- . but other than that it was my favorite of the books of lost swords .
 I was surprised to read that many people did n't like the ending to this book -LRB- and the saga -RRB- ... I rather enjoyed the ending , to be honest . I found the final confrontation , as well as the denouement , to be fitting . Thematically , it goes in somewhat a different direction - but it feels right.At least to me . You may or may not like this book , judging by what some other people thought of it . Just thought it should be mentioned that the ending is n't universally reviled - so if you buy this book , you 're essentially throwing dice to see whether you like it or not .
 The last book of lost Swords was a revealing conclusion to a story that left us hanging with many enigmas concerning a world more ancient than the one that the stories are set in . As interesting as it is to find the answers to all of these questions , it seems that Saberhagen does not do his usual excellent job of building suspense . Maybe the problem is that this book follows a pattern which is much to similar to the patterns followed by the other swords books . I still have to give Saberhagen credit , however , for remaining relatively original through eight stories . All in all I was sorry it was over when I put down this book , and I was wishing for more , that is why I will go to a four star rating for this book .
 I bought it to complete the rest of my series . If you like quest stories than I recommend this series .
 Do n't read the other reviews of this book and walk away thinking that this series is not worth checking out . I wept when this book ended , but mainly because it ended and I read it long after it was published and thus knew that no other books in the series would be forthcoming.I was a bit disappointed that Saberhagen felt the need to destroy all the swords at the end of the book . I guess he was getting tired of the setting and wanted to slam , not shut the door . I wish that he had left Coinspinner around at the least ... . Ah , but life is filled with tragedy ... If you enjoy fantasy , you simply MUST read this book . The world is incredibly detailed and it really is a crime that there never was a role playing game developed based on the novels.I wo n't go as far as to say that these books are better than the LOTR , but they are comparable . That statement , in it self speaks volumes .
 If I had n't already read this book , I probobly would n't after reading all but one of these reviews ... then again , that has n't been all that unusual with the reviews I 've seen on Amazon . Almost every review that I 've bothered to write has been because I felt the need to counterbalance some very over-the-top reviews ; this is definitely a case in point ... Some of the reviewers here claim to have enjoyed the rest of the series which almost made me stop myself from making this statement , but I 'll take a chance and make it anyway
 The most comprehensive references on transferware pottery are basically boring lists
 Books on transferware -LRB- blue and white -RRB- pottery are very hard to find . And it 's even harder to find a good one , that has enough information to be useful.This is a VERY nice reference book for transferware pottery . While not every pattern is pictured -LRB- an impossible feat considering how many different patterns there are -RRB- , there are dozens and dozens of example pictures through out . Beautiful patterns - some of which I had never seen before . They also show numerous examples of the original painting or sketch or engraving next to the transferware pattern , which I found very interesting . Many makers/manufacturers marks and date stamps are covered also.This book does n't even attempt to assign monetary prices to the patterns , but as a reference book you ca n't beat it . Well worth the money !
 This is an excellent edition of John Ruskin 's Sesame and Lilies , the best I have found . The editors have not gone footnote-crazy ; there are fortunately few . Supplementary materials such as the intro , chronology and glossary are well done and interesting , and the critical essays included are varied and very much worth reading . This ed . is part of Yale 's `` Rethinking the Western Tradition '' series , all of which are well done .
 I believe the author has given students a wonderful text for the beginning of analysis . I disagree with the student who stated that the proofs are unclear . When I took this class last fall , all of the proofs were not clear in the beginning but with a little clarifying by my professor , they quickly became understandable . The problems at the end of the sections are designed to help students fully understand the chapter and while some of the problems require a lot of extra work , they are not impossible . It seems to me if you gave this book a bad review , it was because you were unwilling to put forth the time and effort to fully understand the material . This book was extremely helpful and guided the class in a clear and concise manner .
 At first glance , the book appears too thin . But once you 've delved a few pages into it , you immediately recognize that the author has simply mastered the art of brevity - while remainining eminently readable . The book covers all the material needed for an undergraduate analysis course - and covers it extremely well . The proofs are easy to follow and extremely instructive , so that the book can also be used in a `` Bridge to Advanced Mathematics '' or `` How to do Proofs '' that some schools offer to their math majors to ease the transition from problem-based lower-division courses to proof-based upper-division courses .
 The proofs are well structured and easy to follow . The techniques used in the proofs lend themselves for use in other situations . A lot of information is embeded in the exercises which keep the students alert and focused and at the same time saves time and space . A good book for undergraduates in mathematical analysis .
 This book broke me into analysis . It gives the reader a gentle introduction to the subject . The proofs are rigorous and easy to follow . Before embarking upon an analysis class , a person should take an introduction to proof class . Without such a class , the language of analysis will make no sense to the reader . For example , if you do not know how to do proof by induction , then you will struggle in analysis . The negative reviews for this book likely stem from readers who did not take such a class . Thanks to this book and Munkres ' topology , I am now able to read and enjoy Baby Rudin . Baby Rudin is good , but I would not have liked it without first using Munkres and Gaughan . Note that Gaughan is not a complete substitute for Rudin . Rudin is general whereas Gaughan focuses mainly on the real line . Albeit , Gaughan is much easier on a reader who is new to the subject . Gaughan 's treatment of sequences sets the stage for the book . He then goes into continuity and uniform continuity . The definitions and theorems are lucid . Gaughan then delves into differentiation , integration , and power series . The ordering of the topics allows the reader to move from topic to topic without having to flip back and forth through the book .
 I used this book for an undergraduate course in Analysis and was pleased with it . It is well-organized with poignant examples . The physical construction of the book , however , proved not to be as good as the content and it is quite worn .
 In my college days , i found Edward D gaughan 's ` Introduction to Analysis ' , amidst pile of other books.I read the preface countless times.With his words of encouragement and admonishment , writer makes you more comfortable , in your long journey of Mathematics which is real and abstract at once !! I liked this book ; After a decade still i fondly remember this book !! I recommend this book whole heartedly , to any one who is sincere in his approach and wants to become first rate mathematician .
 The Worldly Church
 One of the best books I have read in a while . Excellent , excellent work . It gives us a good understanding of how the world is influencing the church and what we need to do to restore the church . Just what the church needs to hear today .
 Richard Brewer covers the topic of Ecology in a very untextbook fashion . The book is actually enjoyable to read !!! I highly suggest it for new students of ecology and old students that need the assistance of Dr. Brewer to keep current in this rapidly advancing field . Lay persons will enjoy this book as well . It should be on the shelves of every city library.Jack EitniearDirector/Center for the Study of Tropical Birds , Inc. .
 The premise is provocative , the story is sweet and the message is meaningful . Rolf Gompertz is a writer with a big heart and a soft touch who never tells his readers how to feel or how to think . Bravo !
 I think you 'll enjoy the humor and simplicity of this tale . For starters , think of the premise
 This sparkling `` dramedy '' is in the grand tradition of Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner - it makes you laugh , it makes you cry . Refreshing , it is truly a harkening and homage to a kinder , gentler expression many of us miss in the marketplace.TV producer Nate has sold his soul and spent a lifetime worshipping at the altar of success . He `` is n't used to dealing with Messiah 's , '' we read early on , and neither are we , but the notion is intriguing , the message uplifting for once.The `` nebesh '' Messiah , Shlomo Hirsch , is born in Scotland of all places , not in Eastern Europe as one would expect . That 's only one of the surprises in store for the reader . But do n't look for special effects and mindbending plot twists . Enjoy , instead , the simplicity and purity of the heartfelt and the heartwarming.A delightful read , we learn that the best of us is embodied in gentle Shlomo , the little man who believes he is the Messiah . And who can say with absolute certainty that he 's not ?
 In a beautiful combination of depth and humor , `` The Messiah of Midtown Park '' ponders the vital question we truly need to answer now , `` Where is the messiah ? Will he ever come?Rolf Gompertz is a talented writer because , disguised in a delightful tale , he makes us think hard . Rolf introduces us to familiar characters that we could meet in our own backyard . Shlomo Hirsch is our neighbor , our friend , the man down the street . Jumping into an everyday reality , we laugh and get the deeper point - You are the messiah , and I am the messiah . And we are here for one reason and one reason only - To bloom where we stand , and to redeem the world.THANK YOU ROLF GOMPERTZ ! Thank you for helping us to remember our common humanity , and that when all is said and done , there is only one final answer - LOVE . We are the ones we have been waiting for . We are all the messiah . `` THE MESSIAH OF MIDTOWN PARK '' is a blessed message for our troubled times.Audrey Hope , creator and host of `` REAL WOMEN '' , an award winning , international cable tv talk show dedicated to life - altering perspectives that can transform our world .
 This affectionate and humorous screenplay moves so quickly it may convert me to reading fewer novels , more screenplays . It is also a beautifully motivated piece and , in my opinion , Gompertz 's best writing to date . What a lovely seasonal gift this will make -- for yourself or a friend . -- Reviewed by Carolyn Howard-Johnson , awardj-winning author of THIS IS THE PLACE , HARKENING and THE FRUGAL BOOK PROMOTER
 `` Bloom where you stand , '' is perhaps the most significant message to me in this gem of a screenplay . It hit me in the head and the heart and was just what I needed to contemplate . I 've fallen in love with the title character Shlomo . He reminds me of my grandfather , though a bit more humble and aware . Gompertz continues to share his wisdom about life in his unique creative style . Ten thumbs up !
 Gompertz 's uproarious tale of a Messiah in our midst is original , witty , and yet inducing serious thought . It is at once cynical and pious , down to earth and wholly implausible . With tongue in cheek , Gompertz can be tender and sardonic , mocking and sincere . His dialogue flows naturally , and he obviously knows the ins and outs of TV show business . It should make a good stage or teleplay .
 Dana Fuller Ross ' panoramic saga of America 's great expansion into the western territories is some of the most intelligent , well written historic fiction I have read . `` Colorado '' is Book 7 in a series of 24 novels which truly bring history to life during one of the United States ' most important and fascinating periods.In 1858 , some eight years after the beginning of the California Gold Rush , gold was discovered in the Colorado country . Once again , it was boom or bust as hoards of gold-hungry men swarmed to Colorado , bringing with them many of the same problems that had plagued California before it became a US territory . The North and South were drifting further apart , endangering the Union . The issues went far beyond free vs. slave states . The increasingly industrialized North and the predominantly agricultural South had been developing opposing views on almost every aspect of what constituted US society.General Leland Blake , a veteran of the first wagon train to blaze the Oregon Trail , was called to Washington by President Buchanan . The gold , discovered by southerners from Georgia , was found in the wilderness of Colorado , a place claimed by no state or territory . Geological reports favored finding considerable gold within the next year . The President wanted to secure Colorado country for the Union . He also needed to know approximately how much gold was available . If Civil War broke out , the gold would be of great value to finance the conflict and help to secure a Union victory . Buchanan sends Blake to Colorado with a geologist , both men 's wives , and a lawyer . Since the southerners are not to know of the presidential mission , it is to be kept absolutely secret . Blake is to pose as a retired General . His group is supposed to be on a financial expedition to assess Colorado 's mineral wealth for future investment.Many of the characters from the first six books appear in `` Colorado '' and new ones , both historical and fictitious , are introduced . The author gives these characters tremendous depth and illustrates how life in the new land , along with new responsibilities , changes them and effects their relationships . Chet Harris , another wagon train veteran , goes to Colorado along with his partner Wong Ke , to see if they can repeat the mining success they had in California , where they made their fortune . They join with newspaper publisher Wade Fulton , of the Colorado Tribune , to form a voluntary citizen 's constabulary to provide law and order . Colorado promised to be as bad as California was , in terms of violence , crime and murder . Lovely Susanna Fulton , Wade 's daughter and newspaper editor , solves the mystery of the `` Grey Ghost bandit . '' Lt. Andrew Brandon , son of the Oregon Trail wagon train master Sam Brandon , and many others also have a part to play in `` Colorado . `` The history , characters , plot and subplots in this novel are some of the most exciting and dynamic so far . I love history , and while I have read and studied this period in America 's development , I have learned so much from reading these seven `` Wagons West '' books . I plan to continue until I read them all . A wonderful reading experience.JANA
 I started reading this series last year and even though they were written several years ago , they are more about history -LRB- which does n't change -RRB- and I look forward to each one . The characters that revolve around one another are very interesting , as well as the fact that they age and their children become main characters keeps me anxious to get the next book to see what becomes of that person.I want to read a book that flows and this author does that very well . A lot of research goes into an historical novel and this one remains true to the history . Highly recommend the entire series.I purchased the books from Amazon and only wish they were available for my Kindle !
 What a way to learn about history in a new and different way . It is exciting and what a learning experience .
 Very good continuing saga of the western movement . I feel like I know everyone personally . Just wish the westward trail could go on forever .
 I have read this particular volume which is just one of many sequels on the Holt family saga spanning at last two centuries from the pioneering days of the New World . The stories are amazingly credible . While the stories are fiction , the framework is firmly anchored on historical facts . While the sequels have varied plots and settings , the stories revolve around the Holts and the pioneers of various enthnicities whose courage , honor , selflessness and industry have carved the great nation of America . The wagons west stories are all very fascinating - adventure , humor , pathos , suspense , romance , and drama are all there , presented by the author with sensitivity and good taste that has made the wagons west book series wholesome and knowledge-enriching . The stories have very positive impact on the reader because the author has successfully kept the virtues highlighted while still realistically showing the dark side of men . The stories are universally inspirational in the sense that wagons west glorifies the good attributes of the characters as human persons regardless of their color and creed . The wagons west stories do not only tell the readers how the West was won -LRB- as there are so many stories written on this already -RRB- , but conveys to readers a message that love and justice has no boundaries and out of these virtues - great men and achievements are made . Dana Fuller Ross is a patriot in writing these books . America should thank him for making people appreciate more the value of the American history and its legacy-one that has shaped America 's role as the world 's leading champion of freedom and justice . I have actually read at least twenty of the Wagons West volumes and still completing the set . My high recommenation , therefore for this particular volume applies to the rest of the series . I have great admiration for the author for being a very responsible writer . The story presentation has been very efective in advocacy , too !
 this books give one an excellant felling for the hardship of the time . Also give us a deeper respect for our older family members who went through the ordeal
 I am making my way through this series , and enjoying every book . I love how each one is a specific time in our country 's history - factual with a great story written around the facts . There are characters carried on from book to book , so each time I start a new one , it 's like catching up with an old friend . This particular book deals with Colorado during the gold rush and just before it became a federal territory . I love Western history , especially Colorado . As I finished the last 30 pages or so , the storylines from this book ending , but enough information about storylines that will be carried into the next installment , I wanted to immediately sit down with the next one , Nevada . Highly recommend this series , but do start at the beginning with Independence .
 With the over 1300 full color pictures that literally pop off the page , this book has set a new standard for a collector book . It is the most comprehensive book on the subject and the background history presents the most up to date information available . With the yearly updates of both new finds and prices , the book presents the most realistic view of the market that is available . I can not imagine anyone with an interest in figural lights trying to collect without the help of this book !
 This book by far is the best and most comprehensive text documenting the history and variety of figural lights that have been produced since Edison invented the electric light . Bob Iwamasa documents page after page of lamps based on actual photographs from his own personal collection and that of another highly regarded figural lamp collector , Cindy Chipps . It would be hard to believe that between these two great collectors , any example of a known lamp has been left out of this monumental work . The book is mainly pictoral , with limited explanatory text . The price guide is helpful , although getting a bit dated since the original book was written several years ago . However , it is my understanding that supplemental pages for new figurals that have been since identified may be available from the author along with updated pricing guides . The book is printed in high quality color on glossy paper . The sheer variety of lamps documented in this text is simply amazing and well worth the price of the book to be able to see them all in one place .
 A fine reference book ... for the hard core collector . Indispensable in the search for antique figural light bulbs . Detailed photos and text are excellent . His knowledge and expertise regarding figural light bulbs are top notch !
 This book is a highly polished product which shows quite an extensive set of figural lights in high glossy color . Wonderful book .
 SAFE SANCTUARIES is the most helpful and practical resource I have found dealing with reducing the risk of child abuse in the church.In addition to background information which is straightforward but not-threatening to the reader , the book offers policies and sample documents which can be adapted by local congregations.Though this resource is created by Discipleship Resources of the United Methodist Church , ALL denominations and congregations of all faiths will find it helpful .
 I 've used this book now in three churches to help them write their own Safe Sanctuary Policy . It gives reason and background , a sample policy and forms , and follow-up procedures . Melton writes with honesty but without emotionalism and provides a safe space for the discussion of a very emotional topic .
 It 's not always easy to find renovation estimates that are accurate to actual costs . Some appraisers use Marshall & Swift , but for my money I found the 2006 National Renovation & Insurance Repair Estimator the most accurate to the real costs of renovation and insurance repair . It has an amazing amount of items listed and gives the labor and material replacement cost .
 If you 've ever wondered what running your own business would be like you really only have two choices
 I recently had the pleasure of reading `` The Young Entrepreneur 's Edge '' by Jennifer Kushell . Jennifer is the President and Founder of the Young Entrepreneurs Network , an organization dedicated to helping the next generation succeed in owning their own business . This book was written for the twenty-something 's , but I 'm thirty-something and thoroughly enjoyed this book . It gives a lot of practical information you can use in order to succeed in any business at any age . I would recommend this book to anyone wanting to start their own business . I wish I had read it before I got started . Its a great reference guide .
 It is refreshing to know that I am not alone in this entrepreneurial world . The author 's insight , humor and poetic prose made reading this book an absolute delight !
 The combination of pure insight and Ms. Kushell 's obvious charisma make this book not only a must for any entrepreneur -LRB- young or old -RRB- , it is truly a delight to read . I have found as a 28 year old single mother , juggling my young son and my globally expanding business , carefully directed strategy is essential . I certainly do n't have time to do anything twice -LRB- well ... except for reading her book which should be done at least twice -RRB- . Ms. Kushell 's approach to business is innovative , wise and appropriately challenging . Unfortunately , we can not all personally have Ms. Kushell as part of our team ; however , this book will make you feel like you do ...
 The Young Entrepreneur 's Edge is not so much a how-to book on starting your own business , but is really a `` how-to-cope-with-life-while-starting-and-succeeding-in-your-own-business-book . '' I have read many books on starting your own business and this book has some very unique advice because it is geared towards younger entrepreneurs . Jennifer Kushell offers some practical advice about selecting the right business for you , writing a business plan , getting funded , etc. . But what sets the book apart are its sections on not having any credit or not having good credit , using interns instead of full time employees , how to get mentors and advisors , how to present a professional image despite of your youthful looking appearance , dealing with family and friends who do n't support your decision , how not to starve , etc. . The only complaint that I had about the book was that some sections were not very complete on their advice . It is true that there are lots of other books out there on subjects such as marketing and business plans and so on , but if the author was just going to recommend that we look elsewhere , why did she include a chapter on that topic in the book in the first place ? Some of the information is a little dated , but not too bad . I also would have like to have seen more resources to go to in the back of the book as to where to go to get that information that she does n't cover in the book . Regardless , if you are a twenty-something or younger entrepreneur , there are some really helpful hints to be found in this book and it is well worth your time to read for Jennifer Kushell 's upbeat attitude and encouragement . She is absolutely right in that there is no better time for young entrepreneurs to go into business then now , when we have little or nothing to lose .
 If you are thinking about it , this book will ask you the right set of questions that will let you decide whether you are or should be an entrepreneur .
 I 've read The Young Entrepreneur 's Edge twice at different stages of my business start-up , and probably will read it again ! This book has not only been `` informative '' , but it has become a `` friend . '' Being a young entrepreneur is really a `` species '' of itself and reading this book is not only encouraging , but quite refreshing . This is a MUST read for all entrepreneurs not matter what stage in your business you are in . Everyone can learn from this book -LRB- I 'd like to give this book `` ten '' stars -RRB-
 I wanted to start my own business , but I knew nothing about entrepreneurship . After reading this book , I feel confident about my new business venture . It is impossible to explain how valuable a tool this book is .
 Jennifer Kushell does an excellent job with this book . She shows great insight on how to get started as a young entrepreneur . This would be a wonderful book for any young people that are n't sure how to go about starting their career as an entrepreneur . I gave it five stars .
 I found this book very insightful on the workings of entrepreneurship . Kushell simplifies the subject to a level which all can understand .
 Perfect for anyone considering starting there own business
 I really found the book to be insightful about the makings of a small business . A must read for all entrepreneurs .
 I found this book enlightening . I am a recent college graduate and was unsure about exactly what my calling was . This book made me want to explore the world of becoming an entreprenure and not having to deal with working for someone else 's well being for the rest of my life . Also , the author of this book made me feel more comfortable reading this book , in that , she is in the same age-group , and has probably encountered many of the same problems and oppositions in life , that I have . This book definately had an influence on me and I would recommend it to anyone , young or old , that is thinking about starting thier own business venture .
 This book reinforced my entrepreneurial instinct . The inspiration I obtained from reading this book gave me the courage to give up my successful ` wardrobe ' career of ten years . Purchasing and devouring this book within one day provided me the tools to be able to take my concept to `` patent pending '' reality in less than 60 days !
 I had to read this book for my economics class . After reading it , I now want to start my own business .
 This is one of the few religious books that just tells one side -LRB- the Roman Catholic faith -RRB- with no antagonism to any other side and no self-righteous pontificating ! It is also very accurate as to what the Catholic Church professes to believe and why . This makes it a good book for non-Catholics to read who just want to know what Catholics really believe and function in their church.But it no easy read . This book is for serious study and not recreational reading .
 This is a wonderful book . I am new to the Catholic faith and had many questions . This book answered them all . It is very informative without being too long . I could not put it down . Now that I have finished reading , if I need to answer a quick question , I can look it up in this book . There are many misconceptions about the Catholic faith and this book set them all straight . It is wonderful for someone who is a cradle Catholic , a new Catholic , or protestant who wants to learn the truth about Catholicism .
 The explanation of many of the more common controversial -LRB- as deemed by the Protestant community -RRB- aspects of the Catholic church were well explained in this book . I found it to be a very good supplement to the materials I have received in RCIA . The explanations inside helped to relieve and educate me on many misconceptions that had been drilled into me since I was a child .
 Outstanding book on my Catholic Faith . I would recommend this book to all Catholics especially in this Year Of Faith . Too many of us Catholic do not have a deep understanding of our catholic teachings . This book is a good starting point for reading more books on / about Catholic Teachings .
 This is an excellent book for anyone who wants to understand what the Catholic Church teaches and the reasoning behind its teaching . It is `` gentle apologetic 's '' and does n't insult someone who believes differently . It is easy reading and , as its title says , focuses on explaining the aspects of the Catholic faith that people question
 When I was considering converting to the Roman Catholic faith in 1999 , this book really helped clear up many misconceptions I had about the Catholic faith tradition . Alan Schreck , Ph.D. , -LRB- no relation to the cartoon character -RRB- is a convert to Catholicism too and he writes in an everyday , conversational style that 's easy to understand . Since becoming a Roman Catholic at the Easter Vigil in 2000 , I 've personally bought over 50 copies of this book to give to family and friends . It 's simply one of the best Catholic Apologetics books available today .
 We selected this book for our apologetics class and could not be more pleased . The book is easy to read , full of scripture references , and written in a non-confrontational -LRB- vs evangelicals -RRB- manner . The book has many references to offical Church documents , and covers most of the big areas the Catholic Church differs from Protestantism . This book is great for those wanting to know more about the Catholic faith or for Catholics who want to be better prepared for dialogue with our separated Protestant brethern .
 I have to say that this book is magnificant . This is one of many books of this nature that I read while searching for spiritual truth , and it is probably the one easiest to comprehend . This book was certainly an influence in my decision to enter the Catholic Church from the Assemblies of God Church -LRB- after a three year pit-stop in Paganism and witchcraft -RRB- . I am so happy , I am home . This book truly IS a Godsend . ** I originaly wrote this review over four years ago , shortly after I became a believing Catholic . Since then I have noticed how people are quick to stress that this book is meant to inform and not convert , I even recieved emails about that fact , not all of them polite . I never intended for this review to make it sound like the book was about converting people to Catholicism because it certainly is not . I do believe however , that this book is a decent introduction to Catholicism for any Christian , especially non-Catholic ones , because it was written so that non-Catholics would not be offended while at the same time , getting accurate information about Catholicism . And I do not apologize for the fact that it helped me -LRB- along with several other books -RRB- in my decision to BE a Catholic . God bless you all .
 I still do n't knowq what to make of the Catholic Church . This book , however , presented the Catholic Church doctrine from a Catholic perspective and it did so wuthout baggering the Protestant movement . This was improtant for me , because I wanted to understand the Catholic position without doctrinal distractions.This is unlike many of Keating 's books where he defends the Catholic church by attacking Protetsants . This probably has a place for teh Ctaholic who is trying to learn hpow to defend his faith , but to someone like me - trying to just learn about the Catholic Church , it is distarcting . This book , gets way beyond the polemics . The author presents the evidence and his poistion and allows one to decide for him/herself . I am still not sold by the Catholic Church 's positions on many doctrines , but it was nice to get their view instead of many ax to grind Protestant views . I say this as an active Southern Baprists conservative .
 I am in the process of converting to Catholicism after being raised Presbyterian . I found this book not only to be an easy-to-read and understand explanation of the basics of Catholic catechism , but an outstanding reminder of what Christianity means , should stand for and should strive to be.The topics are in depth , and there are subtle references to refute fundamentalist arguments often heard in 21st century America.I enjoyed this book and would recommend it !
 This book was very helpful during my classes to become Catholic . It is very readable . The language is not so scholarly as to be confusing to an average person . Yet it does explain the similarities and differences between Protestant and Catholic very well . I use it as a reference guide even today . It is much easier to find a quick answer here than digging through the Catechism . You can follow up with the Catechism if you need a more complete answer .
 I first read the 1984 version when I was in RCIA in 2002 . I am so glad it was republished ! This author is a joy to read -- his writing style and clarity and down-to-earthness is refreshing ! This is a KIND book -- very loving and not offensive at all . If I had the money I would buy a few cases of this book and just pass them out to anyone who has any questions -LRB- especially being a Catholic in the US South -RRB- ! I recently started reading my old copy again and fell in love with being a Catholic all over again . A friend asked some questions on FB and I searched here to see if I could find any other copies -- was I pleasantly surprised to see it is being published in a new version once again ! This has the best explanation of salvation outside of the Church I have ever read . LOVE this author and LOVE this book !
 I usually read more than one book together and found this a very good companion to Vatican II , the Crisis and the Promise . Even though , I am aware of most of the issues that are covered in these books , I find Alan Schreck to be an interesting writer on these topics . I find both books easy late night reading unlike many others that actually help me to go to sleep . I have actually found it hard to put down these books until I finish a chapter . His writings are highly readable and thoroughly convincing .
 A wonderful collection of responses to common misunderstandings about the Catholic faith . Dr. Schreck does a wonderful job from scripture and history sharing the faith in a clear and concise manner without partisan rhetoric or polemic . A perfect resource to share with anyone wanting a better understanding of such key concepts as the Pope , veneration of Mary , salvation requirements , and so on . It may just challenge what you think you already know and open your eyes to truth . Follow it where it leads , you will not be disappointed . This is the perfect remedy for common misconceptions about the faith . Also recommended : Catholicism and Fundamentalism
 I had this book recommended to me by two people . I 'm glad a listened . I enjoyed the read . It was easy to understand and very informative . The book clears up many misconceptions created by hearsay and the media . We Catholics are just as guilty as promoting these misconceptions therefore I considered it a must read . There is also a version available called Catholic and Christian for Teens .
 Great explanations for Catholics and those wondering about Catholic beliefs . Topics included are `` where do Catholic beliefs come from '' , how Catholics understand Church , authority in the Church , the Pope , sacraments , saints , Mary , etc. .
 Before I read this book I thought I new the answer to this question . Like many Catholics I was born into a Catholic family and spent mostly every Sunday in Mass for an hour or so depending on if I left right after communion or not . During my life I have picked up many things concerning my Catholic faith and formed many opinions on the things Catholics are supposed to believe . If you read this book it will shead much `` light '' on many beliefs in the Catholic faith , it will open your eyes to many things and I assure you it is well worth your time and money .
 On almost any catholic belief , this book takes you to the major scriptural references . This book will not offend the non-catholic like others may . Best overall explanation of misunderstood beliefs about the church I have read . Both Catholics and non-Catholics will benefit from this read . When I explain to my family and friends my reasons for converting , I usually refer to this book .
 I have been a traditional Roman Catholic for the past 35 years of my life and because of this book I have a deeper understanding of my religious beliefs and practices . The Catholic faith is being questioned and challenged by Catholics and non-Catholics and I find that this book gives me easy to read explanations to questions that I might have about being a Catholic . I feel confident that I can explain and clarify misconceptions that others may have about Catholicism . The book is imprinted with the `` nihil obstat and imprimatur '' of Catholic Scholars and Clergy and as a result are official declarations that this book is free from doctrinal or moral error .
 This book helped me to understand and embrace my spouce 's belief system . It helped me to understand that we have more incommon -LRB- ie the person of Jesus Christ -RRB- than I ever expected . It gave us great hope and strengthened both of our faiths . I have recommended this book to many contemplating marriage or who are frustrated and looking for answers in this area . It is clearly written in language that on catholics and catholics can both understand .
 I am not a Catholic but enjoyed this book very much when I first read it sometime ago . Dr. Schreck has written a book that goes beyond the usual Catholic apologist rhetoric and simply explains his position without resulting to silly arguments and questenable tactics.His writing style is easy and likeable . He is not so bent on trying to prove , in my opinion , as much as he is trying to share the essence of Catholic beliefs to outsiders . The book is probably , though not necessarily , directed to protestants . I say this because he addresses many protetsant objections to Catholism , without seeking to enrage those on the other side . It is a sharpe way of presenting one 's faith , without causing more flame to the fire.The book is not the most detialed or academic of its kind , but this again is a strength . The layperson , who most needs to read and better understand the Catholic faith and practice , will find this book most appealling -LRB- at least I hope so -RRB- . I think this was the author 's intent . A great little book .
 This is an excellent book for all Christians and non-Christians alike . It offers a brilliant and clear explanation of Catholic beliefs and how they are commonly misunderstood ... if you 're a Catholic questioning your faith or a Protestant who wants to know the truth about Catholic beliefs , READ THIS BOOK ! Schreck is a godsend .
 Like no other book , Dr. Schreck explains the truths of the Catholic Faith in a very readable fashion . Personally , I am a convert to the Catholic Church from Protestantism , and I can not say enough on how this book helped me understand the so-called `` deceptions and lies '' of the Catholic Church . Dr. Schreck also uses copious amounts of Scripture , which ought to be a welcomed sight for those who thought the Catholic Church `` ditched '' Scripture . I have since used this book in an Adult Education setting in our parish , and it was well received ! This book is a MUST for anyone who is grappling with the Catholic Faith !
 Though it is sometimes a little bit too theological for the average non-Catholic , `` Catholic and Christian '' is a nice beginning book for those interested in the Church and her members . I converted to Catholicism in 2000 , and I accepted the majority of the Church 's beliefs on a Biblical and rational basis . Some of the beliefs , however , had to be accepted based on Catholic Tradition and faith . This is where things get tricky.Schreck attempts to explain the major aspects of Catholicism to his readers using solid Biblical references . Most Protestants should find this very helpful in digesting some of the beliefs of the Church since I 'm assuming that many of them attend Bible-based churches . Schreck makes a strong case for the belief in the Pope , quoting and referencing scriptures that many Protestants -LRB- as I once did -RRB- used against the Church . His argument for the Eucharist and the transubstantiation of it is brilliant , as he adds Biblical strength to an already strong , though tough to understand for most Protestants , argument.When Schreck tackles touchier subjects such as the Communion of Saints and , the literal Mother of them all , Mary , he has to rely heavier on Catholic Tradition . This does make it a little easier for non-Catholics to refute these beliefs , but Schreck delivers his stance with ease and care . In other words , he states that his faith and reliance on the wisdom of the Church 's elders kicks in . That 's hard to argue with , and in the end , Schreck makes it clear that he is n't trying to convert anyone into becoming Catholic . Instead , he is merely stating his beliefs and the general beliefs of the Church as a whole in order to make non-Catholics a little more accepting of Catholics.This is a good , inoffensive book to give to your non-Catholic friends and anyone who is interested in the Church in general . All of the facts of faith are laid out in a wonderful way that wo n't turn away even the staunchest Protestant . Another wonderful description of the Church 's belief system can be found in `` Why Do Catholics Do That ? '' It has an even looser delivery that is easy to take in , though it is n't quite as stacked reference-wise .
 Lacking the obvious strident cavalier attitude of some Catholic apologists , Alan Scheck sets forth a good case for his Catholic beliefs . While this Evangelical reviewer was not persuaded to convert as result of this book -LRB- indeed , it would appear that the work is meant more to explain Catholic dogma to Catholics than to underscore to `` separated bretheren '' the `` error '' of our ways -RRB- , its explanations are well written , and the author has clearly done his homework . His treatment of both Protestants , and the beliefs of Protestants , is fair , Christ-like , and diplomatic - albeit not error free - although , the man clearly stands his ground . For any Evangelical Protestant who wants a fair , concise counterpoint to his own views in this area , I recommend this work . My only criticism of the work is that it omits a discussion of the issue of the inclusion of the deuterocanonical books of the Apocrypha by the Roman Catholic church . This is an important topic , and it would have been beneficial to see Schreck deal with it .
 For my money , Schreck 's book is by far the best book of its kind that I 've seen . He examines the issues that sometimes come between Catholics and Protestants with clarity and with charity to both sides . Unlike some apologetics works , Schreck 's book promotes understanding and respect rather than divisiveness among Christians .
 This is a wonderful apolgoetics text , a `` must '' for every serious Catholic . It is broken into basic categories , and contains references from Scripture , the early Church Fathers , and Church Councils , defending the core tenets of the Catholic Church . A study guide is also available . This is the next best thing to being at Franciscan University taking the Apologetics course with Dr. Schreck -LRB- which I was blessed to have done -RRB- !
 This book explains areas of apologetics I never gave much thought to . After reading the book , I understand some of the Church 's teachings much better . The book turned on a light bulb of understanding in my head . This is the best book I have ever read . I am sending a copy to my sister who wants to know more about the Catholic faith . GREAT BOOK .
 I read this book and found it to be the best written explanation of the Catholic faith I 've seen ! More importantly , it contains all the Bible references necessary to justify to our Christian brothers and sisters where our faith comes from . I just bought 4 more for delivery to friends for a book review group we 've started . It has me on fire for my faith !
 Clearly written explanation of the specific areas where Protestants have the most difficulty with Catholic teaching . I bought two , just so I 'd have one to lend and one to keep !
 CATHOLIC AND CHRISTIAN is one of the best works available explaining the beliefs unique to the Catholic Church . Irenic and respectful , Schreck 's style will not offend anyone of a nonCatholic persuasion.One reviewer mentioned that he regretted that Schreck did n't go into a detailed explanation of the Catholic Church 's inclusion of the Deuterocanonical books into our Catholic bibles . Good observation , but there was really no need to . All Christians prior to the 16th century ACCEPTED the deuterocanonical works -LRB- the Alexandrian Canon -RRB- which Luther , on no authority whatsoever other than his own whim , threw OUT of the established canon -LRB- as he also tried to throw out Revelation , Hebrews , 2nd Peter , James , and the Letter of Jude , an unpleasantry often kept carefully hidden from protestants by their Sunday School teachers !! -RRB- . I would heartily recommend Catholic and Christian to any and all who would like an accurate understanding of Catholic belief . God 's blessings to you all !
 In the preface to this new , revised 20th anniversary edition of Catholic and Christian , author Alan Schreck reflects upon the centrality of the Eucharist at the core of the Catholic tradition as John Paul II calls us to enter the `` Year of the Eucharist '' . This book covers all of the topics we Catholics are frequently asked about in conversation by our non-Catholic friends
 As a non-denominational Christian who has not held a bias against Catholicism , I was interested in learning more about the doctrines that disturbed me within the Catholic faith . The approach of this book is to go topically , completely addressing through Scripture and Tradition , the ` commonly misunderstood Catholic beliefs . ' I personally found myself challenged and strengthened through the reading of Schreck 's explanations . I felt an outpouring of warmth , grace and community as he gently dealt with issues that set off firestorms elsewhere . I highly recommend this book both as a handbook for misunderstood Catholic concepts , and a starting point of dialogue between Protestants and Catholics.The ten chapters include
 I 'm Catholic and my Girlfriend is `` non-denominational Christian '' . I read the book -LRB- given to me by my priest -RRB- , and then passed it on to my Girlfriend and she read it too . It did n't solve our religous difference , BUT it did give her a lot more respect for my beliefs , and thus has contributed much to our relationship . I also personlly found it refreshing and faith strengthening .
 The 20th anniversary edition of this work comes at the opening of `` the Year of the Eucharist , '' as proclaimed by Pope John Paul II . Schreck describes his work as an effort `` to contribute to a better understanding of the teaching and tradition of the Catholic Church so that Catholics and other Christians may grow together in unity in our Christian life and in our common proclamation of the gospel of Jesus Christ . '' We must band together , he writes , to defend the faith against `` the relativism and unbelief that are rampant in the post-Christian West . Thus begins a wonderful reference book for Catholics and others regarding Church teaching on salvation , the origin of Catholic beliefs , the Church and her authority , the work of the Holy Spirit , the sacraments , the Communion of Saints , Mary , and Man 's Destiny in Christ . The work is well organized , with helpful sub heads , extensive footnotes , and a detailed index . This is an excellent resource for individuals , small church communities , catechists , and pastoral staff .
 I do n't think I can say anything else that the previous reviewers have n't already noted . I have rated this book 5 stars simply because it earned it . However , I do have a quick reminder ... that the book 's purpose is to EXPLAIN , not to CONVERT .
 I enjoyed the book on a whole . However , he could of added a little more to some of his explanations . In other words I do n't know if the book would convert anyone ; who is n't Catholic . If you are a Catholic on the other hand , it is well worth the read . It can add to your understanding of Catholic beliefs . It also gives a good history of how the church developed and evolved . I would reccomend this book to read if you are seeking answers to the questions of why do we do this .
 This book will not offend the non-catholic like others may . Best overall explanation of misunderstood beliefs about the church I have read . Both Catholics and non-Catholics will benefit from this read . When I explain to my family and friends my reasons for converting , I usually refer to this book .
 The author skillfully blends theology and history to demonstrate Catholicism 's sound rational basis and validity . The book is somewhere in between an overview for beginners and a scholarly analysis for experts . It provides a wealth of information on what and why Catholics believe . Catholic readers may especially enjoy the `` why '' information ; for example how bishops developed into the role they have today starting all the way back in second century . Non-Catholic readers will find clarification on many serious misconceptions about the faith , including issues relating to Mary , papal infallibility , celibacy , and Sacraments . Easy to read , balanced , containing a healthy number of Biblical citations and historical references , the book will help just about everyone advance their understanding of Catholicism .
 AS others have said , this book is an explanatory book , not a book to convert people . It explains Catholic dogma clearly , concisely , and charitably . It is written by a very able philosopher/theologian and is highly reccomended .
 I was given this book by a priest while in the process of converting to Catholicism . It was exceptionally helpful in understanding the basic teachings of the Church , and explains Catholic beliefs in such a way that even those with no background in Church teaching can understand them . I have used it numerous times since my conversion as a resource in conversations with non-Catholic friends .
 If you want to know what Catholics believe do n't ask your Orthodox priest or Protestant minister ... . go to the source and read what the Catholic church has to say . Alan Schreck is a professor of Theology at a Franciscan University in the US . Additionally , this book has been sanctioned by the Roman-Catholic Church as being `` nihil obstat and imprimatur '' or Latin for `` free from doctrinal and moral error . `` A great book , an easy and fast read on the fundamental core beliefs and practices of Catholicism . This book also delineates the beliefs and practices that comprise a secondary doctrinal tier from the core . The explanations are easy to follow and they make reference to the Holy Scriptures . Quotes are also drawn from early Church tradition and written historical accounts.As a result of reading this book , I can debunk the misconceptions taught in Sunday School early in my life about the Roman Catholic Church . As a Protestant believer I have more appreciation for my Catholic Christian brothers and sisters in Christ.As other readers have mentioned , this book 's role is NOT TO CONVERT but rather TO TEACH and is done with respect to the non-Catholic Christian readership.Its main two -LRB- 2 -RRB- roles are -LRB- in no order of importance -RRB- : a -RRB- to teach Catholics of what their church teaches , andb -RRB- also to raise awareness among the Protestant ranks of the most commonly misunderstood Catholic beliefs and practices , and how Catholics `` should '' understand them.As such I can see myself using this book quite often with my Protestant friends and relatives to kindly expose their false ideas about what Catholics believe and practice , and also gently correct my Catholic friends about what the Roman-Catholic Church teaches and believes.THANK YOU for your VOTES -LRB- up or down -RRB- !
 Of the many books I 've read explaining Catholic beliefs , this is definitely right at the top of my list of the best . As the author explains , the purpose of the book is to clarify the Catholic understanding of certain Christian beliefs in order to promote unity among Christians . After reading this book I must say I have a better understanding and appreciation of numerous Catholic teachings - some of which had been seriously misrepresented to me in the Protestant churches I 've attended . The chapter titled `` Salvation
 This book is worth it for the early discussion on the Catholic faith and then Dr. Schreck 's discussion of Justification by faith and works . If you are like me , you might have a Protestant view of salvation . For me I could never quite reconcile this view with the book of James . If you are not quite sure of the Chhurch 's position on faith , grace , works , salvation , etc. , this book places it all in perspective and clearly explained . Th eother parts of the book were interesting , but not like the first third of the book .
 I have recently joined the Roman faith . I found this book to do an excellant job at using the Bible to show where Catholic teaching comes from . I found that Catholicism and Protestantism are very closely related . We do have some political and some idealogical differences . However , we are united in Christ which does make us brothers and sisters in faith . This book is great if your a Protestant and are just curious about the Catholic faith . It really helped me become more firmly rooted in Catholicism . Thanks , Alan Schreck !
 when father at my church gave this book to a friend of mine who is not a catholic , i was wondering a little about this book . i had a chance to read this book later and realized why he had given this book to my friend . it really explained the thorny issues very fairly . i could see that the author took very careful approach to not offend any non-catholics . i heartly think that this book is a great introduction to everyone who likes to know more about catholicism , non-believers , non-catholics , and catholics . i highly recommend this book . it wo n't make people defensive but rather it will make people think .
 I 'm planning on loaning this book out to some of my Protestant friends who have misconceptions about Catholicism . Mr. Schreck successfully refutes such notions as `` the Catholic Church puts its own hierarchy above scripture , '' `` the Catholic Church teaches Pelagian works righteousness , '' and `` Catholics deify Mary and the Saints . '' Mr. Schreck has done an excellent job of stating what Catholics really believe , as well as presenting the Scriptural foundations of those beliefs .
 Russell Duncan has done us a favor by making available , and editing meticulously , Colonel Shaw 's letters . The problem lies with his bias
 I had attempted to crochet several times after having been an obsessive knitter , but have always gotten frustrated with learning on my own . On a whim I got this book , and within 15 mins had a pretty good-sized crochet sample that was neat and contained several different stitches.For such a small book there are very detailed instructions for beginner crocheters for many stitch variations and projects . The directions are so crystal clear that even a younger teenager would have no problems learning , and the projects are contemporary and varied . Teens and young adults would especially like some of the projects , such as a delicate lacy camisole or the beach cover-up . I crocheted a square variation on the cat bed which my cat adores . The example pictures use yarns with shimmer and contrasting colors so the stitches really stand out , a solution to an annoying problem I have had with many knitting and crochet books . As an added bonus , the book has a trifold so you can stand it up and look at it as you crochet .
 This book made me want to crochet more -LRB- if that is possible -RRB- . I love the stand up book , makes it so much easier to use and the colors and designs are great .
 This book is excellent . I am a relatively new crocheter and I have been looking for resources to help me expand my abilities . This book has excellent photos of a variety of different stitches . Their explanations are easy to understand and the projects are modern and cool . Great !
 I found this book to be a great reference not only for the basic crochet stitches , but also for some more interesting and advanced stitches . It even has a little library of stitches with instructions and photos . Additionally , each section `` lesson '' has a project that uses that stitch or skill , for example a hat to learn both crocheting in rounds and the bobble stitch . The spiral wire binding and fold-up stand are also neat features . The photos are very good and help understanding the instruction . I highly recommend this book for both beginners and more advanced crocheters .
 this is an awsome book my mom had tohelp me with a few basics but it realydeserves 5 stars !!! if i can do itam adult can do it !!! trust me it is anawsome book .
 This is an excellent learning tool for those who want tolearn crochet . I 'm an avid knitter but want to learncrochet especially in-the-round as I want to make my ownhats and caps , but I just could n't find a book to get mestarted.This book has wonderful photos and close-ups of every technique.The projects are slanted towards younger adults but can beadapted for any age . A very well-thought-out book and easilyportable as it closes with its own velcro clasp . I highly recommend .
 I usually get the books from the library and have a look at them before I decide if they are any good . I got this one from the library and decided I had to have this book . It is great for new crocheters and experienced ones also.I am an experienced crocheter and I really loved this book so much so I have brought it off amazon . I am interested in crocheting cables and I havent been able to find a book with plain and understandable instructions on how to do this . This one has all this , great pictures and interesting techniques as well.I think I may be able to make that cable jumper now with crochet instead of knitting it like I usually would.Great book highly recommend it .
 I have bought several copies of this book . It is just so useful to give to someone I am teaching to crochet . The pictures are super clear and they can use them to remind themselves of the stitches . Also the projects are very well written up and pictured and help the learner to progress in skills and the projects are not super super boring . Even the way the book is put together , with the spiral binding and stand up bit , helps the beginner to use it easily . This is my favorite book for beginners to crochet .
 This book has great instructions and is the first book you should purchase . It 's very clear and informative but also has tons of information on how to get fancier once you are ready . It 's very convenient that it stands up.However , I only give it 4 stars because so many of the patterns are ugly . Who is seriously going to wear a lace tank top made of yarn ? Or sew crocheted `` lace '' onto a normal t-shirt 's collar?I have used the basic patterns many times over and adapted them as I became more skilled . A really great book for beginners , but not really useful for someone who already has crocheted several projects as the patterns are so basic and not all of them are at all usable .
 After twenty-some years without a crochet hook in my hand , at 64 I 'm delighted with this book . Many stitches I remember , and many more to learn . I hope to learn every stitch . With the clarity of the pictures , I think I can do this . After all , Grandma Moses only started painting when she was eighty . She painted for another twenty years . Heck , I 'm a spring chicken . By the time I 'm eighty , I should be very accomplished indeed . Thank you Susie Johns for your wonderful book . Just what I have been looking for .
 This was the third time I 've bought this book . Once for myself , another for my mother , and a third for a friend . The photos are clear to follow . I like that it shows how to do every pattern stitch , with a sample of how it looks . It is my `` go to '' reference book .
 This book will get you inspired and out of your comfort zone . Going beyond the basic stitches ignites the creativity bug .
 I bought my mother several crochet books and this is one of them . I do n't crochet , so ca n't give too much guidance , but she liked it and I thought a lot of the patterns were nice .
 Mr. Bilanich 's book says it simply and with useful tools for any size organization . Not the latest fad , just practical and easily incorporated ` secrets ' that are the fundamental basics of achieving a high performing organization .
 This book was easy to ready yet full of very good suggestions that can be used on a daily basis . I found myself trying his methods before even finishing the book ! It 's concise , practical , and a sensible approach to the many issues that face us in our daily business lives . I would recommend it to any manager that wants to increase productivity and motivation with their staff .
 I have known Bud for 20 years and we have worked on projects together , discussing why things worked and why they did n't . This book shows that he 's been tracking his own organizational learning and is making that body of knowledge available for others to shorten their own learning curves . If you are a manager , consultant , or trainer , I 'd take advantage of the real-life experience reflected in this book . It 's an easy way for you and your people to gain a personal edge on high performance through a relaxed , storytelling approach ; and , all of the situations will look and feel very familiar to managers and supervisors everywhere .
 Mr. Bilanich lays out simple , yet useful management principles for building and sustaining a high performance organization . Written in the style of the `` One Minute Manager '' , the book is a fun and fast read with practical concepts that managers will find easy to implement . I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking to quickly pick up immediately useable management ideas - without spending the time it takes to read the more typical , dry and complex modern management practice book . Two thumbs up !!!
 I recently re-read this book as well as Bud Bilanich 's more recently published Straight Talk for Success -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . The four `` secrets '' to which the title refers to are certainly not secrets to most executives . They really are core principles and should be viewed as such , not as revelations . Obviously , their value will be determined by whether or not each is executed effectively . That 's a huge `` if '' because some initiatives are at first successful but soon evaporate . The key is to sustain high performance . Bilanich correctly describes what he provides in this volume as a `` framework '' for his readers to use when creating their own high performing organizations . His approach is to prescribe rather than to share real-world situations that he encountered during lengthy , comprehensive , and rigorous research such as Jim Collins , Jason Jennings , Rodd Wagner and James Harter , and countless others have conducted prior to writing their books.However , what Bilanich prescribes is based on his own extensive experience with all manner of companies . Everything he suggests is sensible . He is by nature a pragmatist , curious to know what works and what does n't ... also why . Her is also an optimist who seems convinced that effective application of the four `` secrets '' will achieve high performance . Of course , success will depend on those who apply them.The four core principles have almost unlimited applications . For example , as Bilanich asserts , it is imperative to view an organization 's mission in terms of a `` map '' by which to fulfill it . Clarity also helps to `` chart the course , '' serves as a `` strategic guide , '' and offers sound principles to guide and inform appropriate decisions . If -LRB- huge `` if '' -RRB- all of the separate but interdependent components are explained and advocated with absolute clarity , the chances for ultimate success are improved substantially . The same is true of each of the other three core principles , Commitment , Execution , and Relationships . They are also separate but interdependent . In the last of six sections -LRB- Chapters 25-28 -RRB- , Bilanich concludes what has been a business narrative in which a fictional -LRB- but exemplary -RRB- protagonist , Brennan Newell , participates in a journey of discovery . What the CEO of Diamond Inc. learns about `` basics '' is what Bilanich would have his readers also learn.My own opinion is that Bilanich 's skills as a business thinker are far greater than his talents as a storyteller but , that said , I think this book will be of substantial value to those preparing for a business career or have only recently begun one . It may be of even greater value to the owners/CEOs of small companies who must understand how to `` nail the fundamentals '' in order for their businesses to survive . C-level executives should also consider purchasing this book in sufficient quantity and then distributing copies among the less experienced managers for whom they are responsible.The copy I have of this book was published in 2002 and a great many other books have since been published in which their authors examine in much greater depth than does Bud Bilanich the challenge of achieving and then sustaining high performance growth . Here are two I highly recommend
 a friendly and ever-illuminating exploration of the founding tenets for success within a special company . From the tenets explored , one gleans practical and proven methods that can be employed within a variety of organizations.The message is resoundingly clear
 Doctor B has done it again ! This is the third of his books that I 've read . In each one , he has demonstrated a complete and thorough understanding of his subject , boiled the concepts down to the core ideas and presented those ideas in an easy to understand -LRB- and easy to enact -RRB- manner . His common sense approach , both in his books and in person , plays well in all settings , from corporate headquarters to the factory floor . And more importantly , it drives business results !
 Bud Bilanich 's book , `` 4 Secrets of High Performing Organizations '' , will help any organization get started on the road to High Performance . The real power of Bud 's message is in its simplicity . Leaders of any organization will find it easy to understand the `` secrets '' , assess their organization , and quickly begin the important work of moving to High Performance results !
 4 Secrets Of High Performing Organizations
 This book highlights the components necessary to create and sustain a high performing team , operation or business . Bud Bilanich addresses the key factors that must be attended for any business to sustain itself over time in a meaningful way . His writing style is straight forward , to-the-point and applicable . I am using it with some of our companies to assist my management teams in creating sustainable high-performing organizations .
 Yevgeny Zamyatin -LRB- 1884-1937 -RRB- wrote `` We '' in 1920 , in an URSS that was just beginning to show its true nature . He was able to observe at first hand the consequences of the expansion of the State and the Party , and the corresponding erosion of the value of the individual . The author called `` We '' his `` most jesting and most serious work '' , and I think the reader will be able to appreciate both aspects of this peculiar book.This novel takes place in the future , where the One State is ruled by the great Benefactor , and separated from the rest of the world by a Great Wall , that does n't allow the outside world to `` contaminate '' it . The citizens of the One State are n't persons but merely numbers . They have almost no privacy , due to the fact that most things are made of a material similar to glass but much more resistant . In any case that is n't a problem , because as everybody does the same things at the same time , nobody has much to hide.The One State begins to build a spaceship , the `` Integral '' , that will be used to conquer other worlds and show them to be happy , in the way the citizens of the One State are happy . But how exactly are they happy ? . Well , they have a rational happiness that can be mathematically proved . To mantain that happiness , they must always follow some rules . For example , there is no place for spontaneity in the One State . Imagination is considered a disease , and all art and poetry must be at the service of the State . The function of poetry is clear
 This novel -LRB- the edition I read was a translation from the Russian by Mirra Ginsberg in 1972 -RRB- is an excellent satire by Yevgeny Zamiatin -LRB- or , Zamyatin -RRB- . Reading it , I find it remarkable that Zamiatin was not sent to Siberia or executed in one of the many purges occurring in the Soviet Union at that time . Apparently , the book was never published in the Soviet Union . It appeared first in English in 1924 -LRB- and obviously had a major influence in the development of Orwell 's `` Nineteen Eighty-Four '' -RRB- and then in Czech in 1927 . The Soviet authorities began to put pressure on the author through the Writers ' Union and , probably due to the help of Maxim Gorky , Zamiatin was allowed to leave for Paris in 1931 -LRB- he died in Paris in 1937 -RRB- . The story is an extrapolation of a totalitarian world . The population of Earth that have survived a 200-years war find themselves members of a single state -LRB- the One State -RRB- where imagination is considered a disease . In this society the individual does not count , only the multitude . The central character is D-503 -LRB- all the inhabitants are numbers in this State -RRB- , a mathematician who is building a space ship to bring their `` perfect '' world and culture to others . The whole novel consists of D-503 's journal . However , D-503 soon meets I-330 , a woman who shows him that there are numbers in the One State that feel that the State is in error and are striving for a new revolution . He begins to have strong feelings for her . He thinks he is ill but he ca n't help himself . And , he must keep his feelings hidden from the Guardians , the One State 's `` protectors . '' What a terrific `` read . '' I highly recommend it -LRB- as well as `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World '' -RRB- . As can be seen in the comments by the other reviewers , `` We '' is a great book to discuss
 Evgeni Zamyatin 's novel `` We '' is often compared to Orwell 's `` 1984 '' and Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' , and rightly so , since it is a strong influence on both -LRB- though Huxley of course denied it -RRB- . `` We '' is a terrifying vision of a future , in which all aspects of life have been rationally mechanized , according to the best tradition of Taylorism . The residents of OneState have no freedom ; instead they have infinite , mathematically proved happiness . `` Those two in Paradise were given a choice
 Other reviewers have had plenty to say about the significance of this book to political and literary history . As an English teacher who regularly teaches an elective in Dystopian Literature , I ca n't help but agree with their comments.However , something has been lost in many of the reviews that I 've read here . Much of our difficulty in reading and understanding We arises from Zamyatin 's ability to effectively adopt his main character 's voice and concerns . It is a product of his literary success , not of any clumsiness or mistakes.We is written in an eccentric voice
 This little-known and stream-of-consciousness dystopia is actually called ` Yedinoye Gosudarstvo ' in the original Russian -LRB- which can be translated as ` One State , ' ` Single State , ' or ` United State ' -RRB- . Calling it ` We ' is more eye-catching and more fully gets across what all the book 's about . This book is also very similar to ` Brave New World ' ; I wrote a paper in my Modern Russian Lit class , when we read this book , about those similarities.The book is told in the form of D-503 's notes , notes he originally began taking on government orders to write or create something celebrating OneState once his precious creation , the spaceship INTEGRAL , blasts off into space and colonises other worlds and brainwashes them with their own brand of totalitarianism and forced conformity . Since he is a mathematician , he intends it to be a mathematical poem , until he meets I-330 . Up till then , he had been in love with the sweet O-90 -LRB- who looks like her name , a round little O-shaped woman who still has baby fat on her -RRB- , whom he and his best friend R-13 have been sexually sharing for at least three years , though O-90 does n't feel any love for R-13 when they 're together . At first he is repelled and horrified by I-330 's nonconformist ways , like wearing forbidden clothing , smoking , drinking , lying to authorities , hanging out in the Ancient House a lot , going behind the Green Wall -LRB- which is like the `` savage reservation '' in BNW -RRB- , and being very sexually liberated . As time goes on she gets to him more and more , though he never stops supporting OneState and the Benefactor . He even starts to go along with her plan to lock up the factory workers when they 're at lunch so they can use the INTEGRAL for good instead of evil , and begins to have dreams and an imagination , things which had been stamped out for hundreds of years . D-503 also resists getting a new imagination-removing operation done on the day that everyone was supposed to get it done.This is probably the most un-Russian Russian book I can think of ; there is no mention of where they are in Russia , obviously no one has Russian names or any names at all apart from numbers and letters -LRB- women have vowels , men have consonants -RRB- , there 's no Russian food , history , or culture mentioned , nothing which would tell the reader that this was a Russian novel apart from the writer 's name and the original language . The closest we get to Russian aspects are the old woman who guards the Ancient House and U , the guardian of D-503 's house and who has a bizarre , laughable , and decidedly nonmutual crush on him ; one might say they are like stereotypical old Russian grandmother-figures . There is also a bust of Pushkin in the Ancient House and a brief discussion on him . And it does n't really matter where this takes place ; there is no identifying national culture here because individuality has been crushed and the masses have surrendered to a collective state which controls every single part of one 's life , right down to how many bites to take when chewing a morsel of food or what one has to do at nearly every single second of the day .
 Zamyatin wrote this book in the early 1920s , allegorically depicting what the newly-born Soviet state was becoming at the time . Stalin did not allow the publication of the novel , but allowed Zamyatin to leave the country . This dystopian book paints a grim picture of society governed by One State -LRB- Stalin 's `` socialism in one country '' -RRB- , which having consolidated intself , intends to carry its principles and ways of life into other places in the universe -LRB- the part of the world outside the Soviet Union -RRB- in a spaceship called `` Integral '' -LRB- all-encompassing doctrine of Marxism-Leninism -RRB- . This book is the precursor of well-known dystopian novels `` 1984 '' and `` The Animal Farm . '' Zamyatin 's book is not polished
 A great political dystopia written in 1924 , We lays the foundation for Brave New World and 1984 and remains shocking and relevant . The story follows a mathematician named D-503 who lives in a bleak totalitarian society . When a comely resistance leader named I-330 seduces D-503 , he accidentally discovers his soul , his unique individual identity , and is nearly driven insane by the revelation . The story contains several wonderful philosophical debates about the nature of freedom , art , and government . Written in a highly poetic , sometimes challenging prose style . Not surprisingly , this novel never got published in the USSR and Zamyatin was eventually exiled because of it . That which gives us comfort induces stasis ; only things that make us uncomfortable challenge us to change and grow .
 Odd that so many consider this book to be SF , but more odd still that not one reviewer sees the many parallels between `` We '' and Ayn Rand 's `` Anthem '' -LRB- her best work , IMHO . -RRB- Rand lived and was educated in St. Petersburg , also the home of Zamyatin and a group of `` supressed '' Bolshvic writers . Although younger than Zamyatin , `` We '' was circulated `` underground '' within a circle of Russian writers , and it is hard to believe she did not read it -LRB- and meet him -RRB- before emigrating to the USA.Interesting , too , is that her novella `` Anthem '' was first published in Britain , in 1937 , just after Zamyatin died in Paris . Also , `` Anthem '' is written in the form of a personal journal . Rand loved to brag that she had beaten both Orwell and Huxley into print with `` Anthem . '' Of course it 's much easier to improve someone else 's work , than to create your own , which is exactly what I believe Rand did . Why not read both and decide for yourself ? You 'll find `` Anthem '' far more poetic -LRB- in English -RRB- ; but she is serious , whereas Zamyatin is brilliantly satirical .
 This book is a classic and must read for any fan of `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World '' . The quintessential `` negative utopia '' book , and the prototype as well . I first read it 15 years ago , and have been finding and giving away used copies ever since . Glad to see it out there again . It goes in and out of print far too often ...
 When you read this book , so many visions should come to mind , 1984 , Brave New World , Animal Farm , Fritz Lang 's Metropolis and Chaplin 's Modern Times ... and Solzhenitzyn 's Gulag . This is a terrifying world where everyone has literally been reduced to a number , and happiness is guaranteed by a operation to remove your imagination . People have to chew each bite of food fifty times , and sex is based on a weekly allowance.D-503 lives in the glass strucure of the ONE STATE -LRB- whose leader is refered to as the Benefactor -RRB- . You have to get permission to put down the blinds in your room when you are allowed to have sex . The rest of the time you can see all of your neighbors because all the interior walls are glass too . Each night he walks in step , four abreast , to the marshall music that plays over hidden speakers.His `` lover '' is an O -LRB- who seems to represent motherhood -RRB- , and her friend is R who is a poet -LRB- and represents the arts and creativity -RRB- . He then meets I-330 , who is part of a small group of rebellious numbers who sneak out of the city into nature . Among her friends is an ethereal member who is described to be like a ` shadow ' , and goes by S. O gets pregnant , I starts her revolution , and S does his ` judas ' or ` snake in the garden of Eden ' act.What makes this so amazing a story is that it was written in 1920 and never published in the Soviet Union . It also was written before any Totalitarian System existed . Before Mussolini , Stalin , and Hitler , Zamyatin saw them coming , and knew they would destroy all that came before them .
 Zamyatin 's masterpiece `` We '' -LRB- `` My '' -RRB- is not a satire of the furture , communism , society , or the USSR . It has nothing to do with politics at all . This is why `` We '' is so misunderstood . `` We '' is actually about heaven and how human nature would conflict . The one state -LRB- the country in We -RRB- is supposed to be heaven , with its `` Guardians '' -LRB- Guardian Angels -RRB- , and god -LRB- the benevolent Benefactor . -RRB- If a human had no desire , he would be in the state of Nirvana , the Bhuddist afterlife . Zamyatin proves that the One State is heaven using math . -LRB- the amount of happieness divided by the amount of desire . the one state does not permit desire , so the happiness become a beautiful infinity . -RRB- Zamyatin , who 's father was a priest , was very knowledgable about religion . D-503 , the main character , n one chapter replicates adam . the enitre book follows parts from the bible . Zamyatin was telling people in a satircle , maybe cold way , that human nature limits happiness , and in order to be truly happy , the true heaven would not permit human nature . Pure and simple . `` Because reason must prevail . '' Zamyatin , through D-503 , was saying that the end result of the book -LRB- you have to read it to find out -RRB- was the true way , the true path ! Zamyatin is satirizing the Soviet Union , he is preaching to us ! The horrors of human nature and desire -LRB- especially sexual desire in `` We '' -RRB- only make one less certain and less happy . they limit the possible infinite happiness.So read We , now ! Find out its true meaning , read in between the lines . the book is like an action movie with brains!Read it . best book i ever read besides 1984 and A Clockwork Orange -LRB- who both have things stolen from We . -RRB- Read it now !
 This is the first sci-fi novel I 've ever read & it was required reading for my Russian literature class . I must say I was pleasantly surprised ! This book was written in the early 1920 's -LRB- which means it was around before `` Brave New World '' -RRB- and is a satire about the horrors of Stalinism . It is very creative in its concept ... individuals no longer have names , but rather numbers . Everybody lives in glass buildings , eliminating privacy . Sexual relationships must be approved by the State beforehand and an unplanned pregnancy resulted in a death sentence for the mother . This book is written in diary-form with very short entries , making it a quick and easy read . I thoroughly enjoyed this book & think anyone interested in sci-fi or in Russian literature would enjoy it also .
 We is the first real dystopian novel . Inspired by Zamyatin 's experience with the early Soviet state , We is an anticipation and allegory of what the Soviet Union would become under Stalin . We is distinguished from better known english language dystopias like 1984 and Brave New World not only by its originality but by the poetic quality of the writing . In Zamyatin 's hands , what could be mechanical allegorical items , such as citizens living in glass houses , become striking images . A surprising source of this poetic imagery is Zamyatin 's reliance on scientific terminology . For example , the space ship Integral , a symbol of the state 's need to project and extend its power is so named because it embodies the incorporation -LRB- integration -RRB- of individual actions into collective action . In the state described by Zamyatin , dreams are suppressed , individuality is crushed , and service to the state and its leader is the highest goal . Still , the crushing burden of totalitarianism is unable to destroy the power of human passion . This is a better book than either 1984 or Brave New World . A superb and unusual book .
 This was written sometime in the early 20th century , and the author was commenting about the rise of socialism in Russia.This is my favorite paragraph : `` Even among the ancients , the most mature among them knew that the source of right is might , that right is a function of power . And so , we have the scales
 Quite interesting compared with Orwell 's 1984
 Great book . Very ahead of its time and controversial . If you like books like Anthem by Ayn Rand , 1984 by George Orwell , and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley , this is the book for you .
 In general , I tend not to like books in the journal entry format , but this was a good read . Most know the basic principles behind the futuristic , dystopic , freedom-deprived , non-individualistic world presented in this book but it 's the characters that count and the finer details that make this book worth reading . Some parts were a little dry , and others a little too muddled in symbolism . With all the crap science fiction books out there , however , this one is definately worth reading , science fiction fan or not .
 I read this book about 10 years ago in native language and it made a profound impact on me . This is a master piece as good as Dostoevsky , except that `` We '' was written in the early 20th century . I give it five stars .
 One of the most thought provoking novels I have read . I read it along with reading Plato 's `` The Republic '' . It was an excellent fit . jag
 We is a book all about beating the system . It follows one man 's life through a journal he is writing to send on the spaceship , Integral , to primitive civilizations like us . The journal writing style and many other features reminded me greatly of 1984 . This is a classic book about the impossibility of a true utopia . The love story that flows through the book ads intrigue and seems to parallel 1984 in several ways as well . The reader begins to feel the author of this journal 's thoughts , regrets , and inner struggles . A true classic that few have read or even heard of that I believe should be added to every need to read list .
 In the rational future world of the One State , life is perfect under the benign rule of the Benefactor . D-503 , a mathematician , is building a ship called the Integral , which will spread logic , reason and `` happiness '' to the rest of the universe . As D-503 quotes from the One State Gazette
 This is my second endeavor into the famed distopia trilogy . Unfortunately , I should have read this one first . I loved Brave New World , but I think this is in a class by itself . I read somewhere that Brave New World was written without knowledge of this book , which would make the similarities uncanny . Anyway , This story grabbed me from the very beginning with the effective use of numbers to substitute characters names . This let 's you know right off the bat that this future society is not joking around . The intertwining fashion used between dreams and reality was especially appealing , giving this novel a surrealistic feel . The thing that hooks this novel into masterpiece status is the ending . Unlike Brave New World , this was one I was not expecting . Also , the fact that a man living in communist Russia wrote this novel really enhances the experience and shows you the nightmarish visions this man derived from his way of life . Platinum .
 Then you MUST get this book . We is the first and best book out of the `` Dystopian Trilogy '' of books , and , not surprisingly , the most penetratingly honest and hopeful of the three works . As is common with Russian authors , Zamyatin coupled a vision of a bleak future with a piercing ray of hope in the end . D-503 's internal struggles and those with his other `` numbers '' as he is facing these new feelings brought about by I-330 's attentions also add a great deal of soul which is missing from the later works by Orwell and Huxley . This is definitely a book that is well worth anyone 's time , and I particularly recommend it to anyone interested in dystopian literature and the writings of the Soviet dissidents , or anyone who has an interst in great literature .
 This book was perhaps as intriguing as 1984 , but the format was a little odd for me . It is written as the diary entries -LRB- intended as a story of the main character 's life for his ancestors -RRB- of a mathematician in an age where everyone belongs to everyone else , nothing is private.Very fascinating , right up to the last sentence . A must-read for the prophetic-scifi reader .
 Zamytin was a Bolshevik who knew something had gone terribly wrong with the dream of a socialist utopia born of ideology.Though others find humor in it , this epic proves a stark reminder of the corruption of a state gone mad with technology , making pretentious claims that it has ` the people 's best interest at heart ' . So circumstanced , Zamyatin endows us with the didactic framework of a literary legacy , strong drink for the elitist hagiographers of Lenin and Trotsky.In doing so , he elliptically reveals the blunders of history 's other utopian strategies as well.As Shakespeare said in Measure for Measure , it is excellent to wield a giant 's strength , by tyrannous to us it as a giant .
 `` We shall break down all the walls-to let the green wind blow free from end to end-across the earth . `` No ordinary SF novel , `` WE '' questions the wisdom of 1920 's Russian body politik , The Party . Banned and suppressed there , even today , Zamyatin 's distopian nightmare demands of the reader a re-thinking of their rights to choose and the necessity of eternal change , r/evolution . Earnest and beautiful , one man 's personal diary of the events surrounding the legislation of mandatory brain operations within a hermetically enclosed city-state , is a subtle , terse and poetic examination of fear of , and need for freedom . I highly reccommended to anyone without hesitation . Zamyatin 's philosophical enquiry is personal and lyrical
 He is the good boy - an upright member of society and an accomplished mathematician . She is the bad girl - a rebel who smokes and drinks and challenges authority . He has strong morals , yet he is infallibly attracted to this rebel girl . Can he resist her temptations , or will he be drawn down into her abyss of nefarious behavior ? Will he stand up for what he knows is right , or will he succumb to her whim and be duped into abetting her criminal activities?Such is the story of `` We '' , by Yevgeny Zamyatin . It takes place some thousand years in the future , where the `` beneficent yoke '' of the One State has had a strangle hold on freedom for hundreds of years . All the citizens are faceless numbers , cogs of a massive machine , who walk , sing , and eat in unison . D-503 is one such number , a mathematician and builder of the spaceship Integral . D-503 is a loyal member of the One State and extols its virtues in a journal.I-330 is the rebel girl . Her revolutionary group , Mephi , is aimed at overthrowing the One State and restoring a free society . D-503 is indelibly attracted to her , yet he remains loyal to the One State . As the seeds of a soul and imagination begin to grow within him , the torment and conflict he endures drives him into near insanity . He does not agree with I-330 's ideas of a free society -LRB- for every number knows that unfreedom equals happiness -RRB- , but he is too weak to resist her.Throughout the novel , D-503 's soul -LRB- considered a dangerous illness -RRB- tries to overcome all the propaganda that has been ingrained in him since birth . Through vivid imagery and scenery , Zamyatin presents a complex and challenging picture of one 's inner essence . Through symbolism and metaphors , Zamyatin provides a convincing portrait of an individual and his tortured soul.This is a superb novel , but it can be challenging and confusing to understand , particularly in the middle passages . The book is written in a stream of conscience perspective and the logic and sequence of events is irregular , to say the least . As D-503 descends deeper into insanity triggered by his imagination , his thoughts and reasoning become harder to decipher , as he has lost the ability to differentiate between dreams and reality . One such example of this : `` It moved like a horse-front right foot , rear left , front left , rear right . It ran up to my bed , climbed into it , and I made love to the wooden chair . It was uncomfortable and painful . '' Ouch!But the bizarre hallucinations aside , this is a rewarding book to read . This is the predecessor to other dystopic novels , such as `` 1984 . '' If you are a fan of dystopic novels , then I would highly recommend this book and see how this novel started the dystopic genre and helped to inspire George Orwell to write `` 1984 . ''
 Cynical and cold story about a ` Benefactor ' , who creates together with his lackeys a state of totally depersonalized citizens
 We was originally writen as a warning of the dangers that may be to come if we to fully embrace technology , just as the books writen many years after 1984 and Brave New World also had the same message . Instead now We is a strong reminder of what has already occured in our past . When reading We think of Stalin , Hitler , and the Berlin Wall which was yet to be built when We was written but whcih strongly resembles the Green Wall depicted in We.Zamyatin , the author of We , was exiled from Russia , and his book was never published there , or in the Russian language until 1988 . This is interesting to note because so much of what Zamyatin prophecizes comes to pass and the book was totally suppressed while these actual events were happening.We is the original Dystopia and both Orwell and Huxley recognize their debt to Zamyatin . If you have read 1984 or Brave New World , you will recognize many similarities and at times you will even feel like you are rereading one of these works . We is highly creative and because it is the first original . It is well worth a read , and for those of you out there who have read other dystopia fiction it is a must . Your mind will thank you after .
 I was thinking of writing a novel about America 2005 but someone did it long ago ! But unlike the Soviets or the Nazis the American totaltarian regime , held high by religious and corporate interests , has impossed its clerical-corporate fascism over the world.WE the people ... who worship mickey mouse , Florida , Texas , Kansas and Californian motorways are not really as arrogant and ignorant as we appear.America represents in 2005 the greatest evil the world has ever known , and all the dystopian novels are worthless as WE never learn from OUR mistakes .
 First in the well known `` Dystopian Triad '' , that further includes Brave New World -LRB- A. Huxley -RRB- , and , 1984 -LRB- G. Orwell -RRB- , where-within-which the reader is assaulted and ridiculed for believing in a `` perfect society '' . Math100 commands the spaceship `` Freedom '' , as his conquerous mission befells planet after planet , civilization after civilization , and the benign after the benign.WHO AM I?WHAT AM I LIKE?DO I HAVE A FATHER?Math100 's compassion saves some , but it 's his new , free , intellect that persuades others . Even in death.Very depressing . Be so lucky to advance our own civilization ; tyranne the lessers ; become the star of persuasion , introduce logic ... . instead we regress , decompensate , and implode . I wonder why?Did Zamyitan -LRB- sp . ? -RRB- forsee Hitler?How ? `` Those who forget the past , are doomed to repeat it '' , G. Santiana.Still ! WHO AM I ?
 I do n't like typing much , so I 'm not going to write a review -LRB- I dislike computers -RRB-
 Read it to compare it to Huxley 's work . I do n't think this matches `` Brave New World '' , but make your own determination .
 Far superior to the carrion scuzz that public school english teachers like to force kids to read .
 `` We '' is the progenitor of all twentieth century dystopian science fiction novels and movies . As an obvious sign of its influence , the novel 's themes and settings can be found in a number of derivative works
 and we are all together.These lyrics by the Beatles provide some flavor of the atmosphere of the futuristic society found in Yevgeny Zamyatin 's dystopian classic `` WE '' . Written in the fledgling Soviet Union in 1920 `` WE '' had a direct influence n Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four and Ayn Rand 's Anthem . In fact , Rand 's Anthem tracks `` WE '' so closely both as to plot and character development that one can not help but think that Zamyatin 's influence on Rand was significant , to say the least.Zamyatin was born in 1884 and studied naval engineering as a young man . Like many young Russian intellectuals Zamyatin was something of a revolutionary . He was arrested and exiled more than once by the Tsar 's secret police for revolutionary activities . During the First World War Zamyatin , by now a naval enginner was sent to England were he supervised the construction of icebreakers for the Russian navy . He returned to Russia upon the outbreak of the October 1917 revolution . Zamyatin turned to writing full time after the revolution . Although a Bolshevik , Zamyatin chafed at the increasing censorship the Bolshevik 's imposed on artists and writers . In fact , WE was the first novel to be banned by the newly formed literary censorship board , GLAVLIT . WE was not officially published in Russia or the USSR until 1988 . Not able to earn a living as a writer in the USSR , Zamyatin applied for an exit visa . Zamyatin was granted an exit visa and he emigrated to Paris , were he died a sick and poverty stricken man in 1937 . WE takes place in the twenty-sixth century a time in which a totalitarian regime has created an extremely regimented society where individual expression simply does not exist . All remnants of individuality have been stripped from its inhabitants including their names . Their names have been replaced with an alpha-numeric system . People are not coupled . Rather , each individual is assigned three friends with whom they can have intimate relations on a rigid schedule established by the state . Those scheduled assignations are the only times the shades in a citizen 's glass houses can be closed . Apart from those hourly intervals everyone 's life is monitored by the state . As in Orwell 's 1984 language has been turned on its head . Freedom means unhappiness and conformity and the submission of individual will to the state means happiness.D-503 is a mathematician . He is busily engaged working on the construction of a spaceship , the Integral , which will carry the wonderful benefits of `` The One State '' to those living on distant planets . He keeps a diary to provide a record of his feelings in the weeks before the launch . But into his perfectly well-structured life walks I-330 . She evokes in D-503 feelings which he has long suppressed or never knew he had . He falls in love , ca n't sleep , and starts breaking rules and generally acting like most of us do today . But I-330 is a heretic , an individual who smokes , drinks , loves carnal knowledge and seeks nothing more but the dissolution of the One State . The next thing you know D-503 finds himself on the side of revolution . As the book reaches it climactic moments questions as to the failure or success of the revolution are answered.WE was a fascinating book to read . Some of the language is a bit dated and Zamyatin 's 1921 idea of what the future might look like has been outstripped by the reality of 20th-century developments . However , the underlying themes of conformity v. freedom and `` the state '' v the individual still have great contemporary significance that keeps WE as fresh as it was when originally written.Some have said that WE represented Zamyatin 's attack on the oppression of the Soviet system . I would have to disagree . The book was written in 1920 well before the Soviet regime consolidated enough power to be considered a totalitarian society . Further , even though WE contains some reference to the damage caused by regimes such as the fledgling USSR it also contains reference -LRB- looking back from the 26th-century -RRB- to societal ills caused by both capitalism and organized religion . As such , Zamyatin believed in equal opportunity when it came to instruments of oppression.At the end of the day it seems that what Zamyatin valued most in society were those people will to play the role of heretic . It certainly was a trait he valued in artists . As he noted in an essay written in 1919 : True literature can exist only where it is created , not by diligent and trustworthy functionaries , but by madmen , hermits , heretics , dreamers , rebels , and skeptics.Zamyatin was a heretic , a dreamer , and a rebel . WE is a worthy monument to a person who believed that the individual was more important than the state without regard to whether that state had ` all life 's answers ' . WE should be enjoyed by anyone who has read and liked H.G. Wells -LRB- who influenced Zamyatin -RRB- , Huxly , or Orwell . This is a book worth reading .
 WE is highly recommended for anyone with a soul ; anyone , that is , who feels singular in a society without intellectual and emotional diversity . WE addresses the political climate of early 20th century Russia , but asks more disturbing questions -LRB- and possibly makes predictions -RRB- upon the logical outcome of our own societal direction .
 `` We '' is a brilliant book . Zamyatin manages to encasulate , not so much in the future but a parallel world , questions which we are afraid of making , or considering . His clever style manges to undermine our concept of order being proportional to logic . Even logic may be chaotic , things can never be logical , there is always the root of negative one ... A very succesful piece worthy of being read by anyone who has read 1984 . Follows a similar context of the Big Brother .
 Zamyatin 's `` We '' is a complex and intricate novel . The nuances are too many to discuss and I have not sorted them out for myself . There are a few points which I believe are key to appreciating the novel . First I would recommend reading `` The Cave '' by Zamyatin . I believe that `` The Cave '' gives an insight into Zamyatin 's philisophical and scienctific beliefs and there intergration . One of the most important ideas in Zamyatin 's `` WE '' is the idea of Entropy . The law of Entropy is -LRB- I believe -RRB- the second law of thermodynamics . This law basically says the a given system -LRB- molecules , society ect . -RRB- tends to move to a state of rest , i.e. , low energy . The idividual who constantly denies the status quo and looks beyond the horizon adds energy to the system , i.e. , creativity . But there is no rest , there must be a constant state of revolution because systems move towards order a low energy and death . `` WE '' is a testimony to th ! e importance and need of free thought . Some readers may see `` WE '' as an anti-Soviet communist documment which it well may be , but the ideas go beyond a mear political protest . Zamyatin tries to point out the constant striving of humankind.I would also like suggest a reading of the `` Undergroung Man '' by Feodor Dostoevsky .
 A lot of very early science fiction remains great reading , but it 's remarkable that a science fiction novel written in the 1920s and set approximately a thousand years in the future reamins so plausible and eerily realistic . The horrifying vision of the future presented in `` We '' could still take place . In many ways , it has taken place , time and again -LRB- most obviously in Stalinist Russia -RRB- . In many ways , the disturbing scenarios described here continue rearing their ugly heads even today . `` We '' is one of the earliest -LRB- to my knowledge -RRB- ` dystopian future ' stories , a field that also encompasses such tales as `` 1984 '' and `` V For Vendetta '' . It is presented in the form of a journal , written first person by a character known as D-503 -LRB- individual names no longer exist in this future ; all are numbers -RRB- and intended to be read by the inhabitants of alien planets , describing the world -LRB- Earth -RRB- and how it came to exist in its current -LRB- future -RRB- state . D-503 makes new entries daily , so we read from the beginning , where D is an adamant supporter of the world order , through later entries as disillusionment begins to creep in on the narrator before he 's even aware of it . The alien planets in question are those to be visited by the Integral , mankind 's first interplanetary spaceship , nearing completion as the novel begins , and intended to bring the ` benefits of the One State ' to all the stars.The world of `` We '' is one of a single city state of millions , where all ` wild ' -LRB- trees , grass , birds , etc. -RRB- has been permanently banished behind the walls of the city . All citizens of the One State exist to serve the One State , and individuality has been pretty much abolished . The One State makes all major decisions and most smaller ones , each life is regulated , hour by hour , to an extraordinary degree ; the very buildings people live in are transparent and ` Guardians ' are everywhere , watching to make sure no one steps out of the precise lines the One State has so carefully formulated . Its similarities to real-life authoritarian regimes are unmistakable , but taken to an even more all-encompassing degree.Two events that coincidentally both happen in the months leading up to the completion of the Integral are of great signifigance . State scientists discover the physical location within the human brain of the ` illness ' known as imagination , and the means to finally excise it completely ; and D-503 himself discovers emotions he 's never experienced before , triggered by a chance meeting , and subsequent acquantaince with , a woman known as I-330 . `` We '' is a grim and profoundly troubling book , but there are moments of brightness and optimism from a fairly early stage . Such things as friendship and hope have survived into the future , often within those who are n't even conscious of their prescence . And as change continues within this future socity toward an even bleaker future -LRB- the possible eradication of imagination ; the forcible spreading of this severe existance to space beyond -RRB- , change also remains capable of moving in the opposite direction...Thought-provoking and overall a great story with an intriguing plot , memorable characters , and great turns and surprises . Highly recommended .
 Simply , `` We '' blew me away.Expanding on that , of all the dystopias , I do not think it could be argued that `` We '' has the finest prose and literary quality . Certainly , I enjoy the others of the great triad , `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World '' and some of their lesser cousins , but `` We , '' stylistically , trumped them . Throught the book a key elegant metaphor is the glass , everything in D-503 's One State is glass , their homes , their streets , the great dome covering their city , even the fabulous `` Integral '' is glass . Every citizen sees the actions of every other , but everywhere there seems to be a blindness -- especially to the self , D-503 sees . `` We '' does fascinatingly paint the ultimate threat of Stalinism and the Totalitarian regime that emerged in Russia following their revolution , but it can present itself as the natural progress of our own society , and even , in the latter chapters , brings up the issue of Christian vs. Paganism -- with One State believing themselves the heirs of Christianity and their Benefactor as a god-like avatar of divine power . Through this we certainly do have a reflection to our Christian-majority western world . We get an idea that it 's not the atheism , as in `` 1984 '' or `` Brave New World '' that can drive these nations . It gives us the image of the real difference Zamyatin may have seen between `` good '' and `` bad '' societies -- the good ones are built on humans , and humans are still the core focus ; in our dystopic ones the state 's own survival that is important . Allegories could certainly be drawn between `` We '' and the history of any nation and the major religious powers of our world.Along with this we are presented with issues that are worth thinking about in our own civilization
 Yevgeny Zamyatin 's We , written before Dystopian novels became widely popular , is a fascinating , thoughtful read that those interested in speculative sci-fi will probably devour in a day or two . The author creates a world of the far future where most of humanity has supposedly been wiped out in a Two Hundred Years War . The survivors , organized under the Benefactor 's One State , live in a sterile , scientifically regimented world where everyone lives in a glass house and even dreams have been eliminated . Zamyatin 's narrator , designer of the space ship Integral , the magic bullet by which the One State will export this harmonious way of life to other planets , begins the book -LRB- actually the character 's journal , meant to be an educational tool for the social primitives on other worlds -RRB- a staunch advocate of the One State and its system of law . But when he meets a mysterious woman whose sheer unconventionality makes him love her , the narrator finds himself drawn ever deeper into doubt , rebellion , and perhaps madness . A book of questions , We is sometimes overly ambiguous and it 's rather unclear what the author 's ultimate message is . Though Zamyatin plainly marks totalitarianism as the greatest social evil , he alternates other philosophies in such a way that no truly desireable remedy ever manifests itself . The ending is particularly enigmatic , leaving the reader doubting not only the narrator 's future but many of his previous experiences . Nontheless , We is a worthwhile literary achievement , and deserving of any self-respecting non-conformist 's perusal .
 This classic dystopia is essential reading in the genre . Asidefrom Brave New World and 1984 , other dystopias include Erewhon bySamuel Butler , A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess , and , for the younger -LRB- and older -RRB- folk , The Giver by Lois Lowry . I would also recommend Kafka 's The Trial , Lord of the Flies , and , of course , the anti-utopian rant of Notes from Underground -LRB- and the short story `` Dream of a Ridiculous Man '' -RRB- by Dostoevsky , but these are not strictly dystopias but have some concerns in common with dystopias -LRB- namely , individual freedom vs social conformity -RRB- . For those who love utopias , some common ones are Utopia , News from Nowhere , Looking Backward , and Lost Horizon . Also check out H.G. Wells ' A Modern Utopia.It 's been awhile since I 've read We , but I do remember that it made a lasting and positive impression ... - Brad Clark
 WE is a true classic and an extraordinary novel in many senses . It was the inspiration behind George Orwell 's book 1984 , and other subsequent books of the utopian/dystopian sub-genre , such as Union Moujik , Brave World . The age-old conflict between individual self and the collective being that man has grappled with in our efforts to become more human is treated beautifully in thus book . What is peculiar about it is that the author never allowed politics to dominate . Overall , the Utopian-Fantasy is a recommended read .
 I am about half way through the book , and i am starting to really like D-503 , the main character . D-503 writes journal entries to the `` unknown beings '' on different planets . He describes his daily life , but includes all his thoughts . D-503 lives in a mathematical world where -LSB- the square root of -1 -RSB- is used to express confusion . Beauty is mathematical . Names ? no numbers ! everyone has a number . In this strange but interesting book , D-503 lives his life , trying hard to stay in the lines . He lives in the ONE STATE and everyone lives as one . When reading this book , you learn how communities exist and that Eutopias are impossible.OK - We is by Yevgeny Zamyatin . -LRB- but translated by Mirra Ginsburg -RRB- I think its really interesting how translations work . Does Mr. Zamyatin agree with Ginsburg 's translation ? Is it what Zamyatin intended the novel to be ?
 WE is a great novel that simply expalines the chain of change and the non-existance of the perfect system . Ans so the need of revolution I think reading this book is a must for s/f lovers
 WE is highly recommended for anyone with a soul ; anyone , that is , who feels singular in a society without intellectual and emotional diversity . WE addresses the political climate of early 20th Century Russia , but asks more disturbing questions -LRB- and possibly makes predictions -RRB- upon the logical outcome of our own societal direction .
 Should be read with Orwell 's `` 1984 '' & Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' . The three make up a anti-utopian trilogy . I find `` 1984 '' to be better but `` We '' is good and should be added to your list if you liked the other two .
 It is said that George Orwell lifted some material for `` 1984 '' from this book , and one can truly see the parallels . `` We '' is a masterpiece ; though not always as involving as `` 1984 '' , it is well constructed and powerful . A fairly quick read , `` We '' will keep you interested and leave you with an interesting literary history lesson .
 Though not the first dystopian novel -LRB- Jack London `` s `` The Iron Heel '' dates from the 1900 's -RRB- , nor the most famous -LRB- ever hear of `` 1984 '' -RRB- , it is indeed the most influential . It is the father to all literature which bases itself on a world worse than the one we live in today , based on the trends we are currently experiencing . For Zamyatin in 1924 , that meant the rise of Stalin and the concurrent decline in liberty . Zamyatin wrote in obscurity the same things Orwell would become famous for 25 years later when he was critiquing the post-Hitler Europe that still smoldered from half a century of war . Zamyatin 's take was that society was hopelessly becoming too logical , and that all work was done to uphold the One State . Now , the parallels to propoganda and totalitarianism in Soviet Russia are obvious . But it goes to the extent that logic and order defined unquestioned beauty . Mathematics becomes poetry . Art is superfluous if it does n't glorify logic as its god . But Zamyatin 's novel has a soul . Below the surface pamphleteering , there is a love story . If there is a thesis statement , it 's that love prevails , even over deified logic . The hero , the builder of the very vehicle designed to take the One State 's logic to other worlds , fails himself in the most human of ways -- he falls in love . Now , the hero has a girlfriend so to speak , but its within the rules of society . He meets another woman he initially hates because of her carefree attitude and mannerisms , yet falls for her for the same reasons . Hence , he has internal conflict , and how better to portray what drama goes on in one 's head than through a journal ? Hence , the style of the book . At the very least , it 's interesting to see how dystopian literature develops because of `` We '' . It 's interesting how you can see Huxley develop his orgy-porgies and how Orwell came up with brainwashing brutality by reading this novel . The final sentence sums up the futility of trying to rage against the machine -- `` Be ! cause Reason Nust Prevail . '' Orwell wrote `` He loved Big Brother '' . Same effect .
 This is more of a philosphy novel than anything else . There are intertwinnings with beautiful fantasy , pure logic and a personalisation that you will not find in 1984 or Brave N ew World . There are direct references to religion , science experiments that were the buzz of Zamyatin 's time and still ring with us today.The main problenm with this book is for people to take it too seriously . This is partly a mix of an author 's life and his fiction . The 70s feel is amazing considering the time it was written in . I recommend people not to take to heart that this book may have influenced 1984 and BNW because then you will read too much into this and not enjoy it .
 Sometimes I wonder if the clarity of this novel is affected by its translation or if it is simply characteristic of D-503 's writing style . Regardless , even if one ca n't read the original Russian manuscript it is still well worthwhile to explore Zamyatin 's thought-provoking portrayal of eternal themes in a futuristic setting .
 If you liked 1984 and Brave New World ... this is a must by the great Russian writer Zamyatin ... and this is definitely a top notch translation ... you ca n't go wrong with this one ... it will keep you on the edge of your seat and you will not be able to put it down ... this is the best of the Dystopia genre .
 I have the square root of negative one tattooed on my shoulder because of this book.We '' was a predecessor to George Orwell 's dysotopic novel `` 1984 '' . `` We '' tells the story of `` D-503 '' , a mathematician and engineer living in a society where everything a person did , down to the number of times a person brushed their teeth , was controlled by a master plan and a central authority . D-503 began the novel a perfect subject of the central authority . For him , the power and organization of central authority was synonymous with the power of the rules of mathematics . Both were absolute . When he first encountered the square root of negative one though , D-503 became frustrated , because there was something that mathematics could n't answer
 We was written before 1984 and Brave New World , and yet I never heard of it until coming across it on a store shelf ! It 's a haunting scifi story and too good not to tell others about . It is also similar in some ways to The Giver . Written in the form of the journals of a tormented genius , D-503 lives in a world so bizarre that it almost seems like he is inside a computer . Each `` number '' is almost identical , and most are expendable , but he is the builder of a great starship , therefore of importance to the One State , and so is granted more tolerance when his behavior gets eccentric . Life is totally regimented except for 2 personal hours each day , and even then , most numbers either go for a walk or get a coupon allowing them to have sex with a partner they have registered with . D-503 has one male friend , a Black poet who writes for the State , and a female partner who he shares with his friend . Like all oppressive states , this one has an underground , and D-503 's life falls into disarray when he meets and falls in love with I-330 , a mysterious woman of the resistance . There is little in this world that stands out , but the author focuses on facial features and body shapes that attract and repel him at the same time . His mind whirling in confusion , he goes to a doctor who says he is sick because he has developed a soul , and that the condition is `` incurable . '' Yet he is given permission to be sick because he is so important . As the time for the ship 's launch is at hand , to spread `` perfect happiness '' throughout the universe , the resistance bubbles to the surface , and the state devises a ghastly cure for imagination , the last shred of humanity that is left . Society explodes in chaos as numbers refuse to submit to the Great Operation that will take away their imagination , their resistance , and with it , their soul . To tell any more would ruin the story . A word of warning
 This 1920 book is a powerful example of prototype dystopian science fiction . It exists on more than just one or two levels . Impeccable math and science -LRB- Zamyatin was a Naval architect -RRB- , religious imagery , jokes -LRB- that 's right -RRB- , and of course , scathing political prophecy are all present in this melting pot . Not to mention it 's actually a fun read ! The influence of this novel can not be overstated in the political history of the world and in the science fiction genre . The amount of subtleties in this book that are n't shoved down your throat will guarantee your continued -LRB- and renewed -RRB- enjoyment of successive reads ; there 's something new on every round . Clocking in at a modest 232 pages for the paperback edition , it wo n't take you that long , though you may find yourself spending a lot of time in thought after finishing it.I 've heard that there are better translations than this one . It 's all a matter of preference , really , and this is the one that 's most widely available . If you fancy yourself a science fiction fan or politically aware , this is more than worth your time .
 I was reading an article some time ago that mentioned this novel as a precursor to George Orwell 's 1984 . Well , as 1984 is one of my favorite novels , I thought I should take a look at this one . Boy , am I glad I did . This is one fantastic book.In a world where no one has a name , this is the journal of D-503 . He is a man who lives in a city entirely made of glass -LRB- since who would have anything to hide from the state ? -RRB- . He may only pull down his shades if he has the proper coupon -LRB- such as a permitted tryst with O-90 -RRB- . He must take his daily constitutional walk with the rest of the city and watch the films supplied by the state.But D-503 is a man who believes in reason and the correctness of the state . He chews his food the suggested number of times before he swallows . He lives his life by the routine given to him by the state . He works to build the Integral , the first rocket ship to take reason to the stars . All seems perfect ... until he meets I-330 . I-330 shows him the power of desire and soon independent thought takes over his mind . He learns of a more primitive world that exists outside the glass walls of the city . He even begins to believe he should participate in the revolution against the state.And how does it all end ? Well , I do n't want to give too much away . Besides , there 's so much more than I 've even hinted at here . Do yourself a favor and read this book for yourself .
 The first anti-utopian fantasy , with glass towers , schedules and the ` Benefactor ' . Here are the seeds of ` Brave New World ' and ' 1984 ' . A study of human emotions or is the book about the final nail , the final step in the ` Revolution ' ? Yet beyond the glass walls are people who know nothing of schedules and are free . Unlike ' 1984 ' where the three nations of the world are really nothing more than twisted mirrors of each other and , therefore , offer nothing in the way of outside ideas nor a way of escape , ` WE ' is a police state in a sea of unknown chaos . Will the outside forces break down the walls or will the State , having found a way to cure people of their souls , win in the end ?
 Where George Orwell 's 1984 was an attack on Stalinism , We is an attack on Leninism . This makes it particularly uncomfortable to Communist apologists who like to blame the brutality of the Soviet Union on Stalin , while freeing Lenin of any respondsibility . Zamyatin contradicts any such whitewash ; the `` Welldoer '' -LRB- Lenin -RRB- , is still just a dictator . A prison , even a comfortable one , is still a prison . Individuality Zamyatin argues , is too high a price to pay for security . The writing is excellent , the story is timeless , and the novel is a triumph of both Science Fiction and political satire . This is the book that made `` liquidation '' a euphemism for murder
 Read for a philosophy class in college , but I had fun with it . It 's really amazing reading science fiction that 's so old and seeing the similarities , both with our world today , and later science fiction . This book inspired 1984 and Brave New World .
 The book has as its obvious shelfmates Anthem by Ayn Rand and 1984 by George Orwell , but it is more lyrical , more hysterical , more stream-of-consciousness . I suppose Orwell 's prose is stronger and Rand is certainly more direct , but I actually loved its dreamy and confusing style , and did n't mind not knowing what the hell was going on a lot of the time . It seemed more true that a journal entry from this future world , with its strange premises and priorities , would read as confusing and boggling to me . Sometimes I did n't know which end was up , and it almost felt like the narrator was writing blind . I think that was intentional and masterful . One of the best and most convincing aspects of the book was that the narrator did n't always seem in control.This book begins with the narrator not only a willing part of this world without individuals , but an enthusiastic supporter of these ideas . He is n't grimy and hopeless about it all -LRB- ahem , Winston Smith ? -RRB- ; he 's a cheerleader for the system . Of course , it all goes terribly awry.It occurred to me as I was comparing those three books that the oppressive , dystopian system never seems to break down for these people because of acquisition of material wealth . It does n't break down because they do n't like being told what pants to wear either . These characters , denied property , denied privacy , denied choice , do not rebel to get their own TV or to get their own bank account or their own window shades . They rebel to get their own girl . It 's always love that breaks the system down , that sends the main character tangentially off , destroying himself to be alone with the woman he loves . Interesting . I wonder if that is really true . Maybe it just makes good books , to say that people will give up fortunes but not give up a mate . We 'd have a harder time cheering for the grey little cog in the machine , who breaks out of his place so he can triumphantly and emotionally buy a Corvette . Love makes a good novel . But is that really how it would work ? The characters in We are allowed to bed whoever they want -- they just have to register and receive a `` pink coupon '' to make it happen . Would people really bring the world down around their ears just to reinstate monogamy ?
 The book is remarkable for when it was written , at least as much as for what was written in it . First , though , the ` what ' is well worth the attention.The setting is some time after a long and destructive war , within the enclave of the victors , or so they style themselves . They have created a technological heaven on earth , tamed the wind and waves to human use , and very nearly tamed the human animal . Nearly , but not quite . D-503 -LRB- the protagonist -RRB- is a driven man . First , he is driven to the most demanding feats of engineering achievement . Later , he is driven to the wildness of his passion by I-330 , a woman who has manipulated the movers of that world to the edge of revolution . Other characters offer contrast ; O-90 , for example , is the archetypal woman
 We is an SF -LRB- speculative fiction -RRB- novel about a man living in a futuristic distopia , and is the predecessor to other distopian novels such as Brave New World and 1984 . It was written in 1921 by Zamyatin in communist Russia and he was exiled because of it , but still managed to get it circulated throughout the world . The novel is written in a series of entries each beginning with a few set out topics and the number of the entry it is . The man is the builder of a new spaceship called the ` integral , ' a ship whose purpose is to bring `` mathematically infallible happiness '' to galactic civilizations . He writes a journal to his ancestors before the ` one state ' in which he lives , which makes the book unique and interesting to read.His writing style is interesting because of the entry format and his writing to the past from the future . The image that he is trying to is one of communism in Russia , and how it will become universal and almost unquestionable in the future . It contributes the element of big brother in 1984 just without the cameras ; instead , they have everything made of a high-tech glass . In addition , it contributed the reservation system to Brave New World by having a jungle like world outside the walls of the city . It has the obvious theme of that someone is always watching , and questions if our world will become one state working for the common good.The whole society is based on happiness and making sure that no one is ever in a place were they want to rebel , but just in case there is a futuristic torture device . Of course , the narrator decides to rebel from the beginning of the novel , showing the theme that society as a whole can not be completely contained even in a perfect ignorant society . The end though is very shocking and compares a lot to that of 1984 , it is predictable if you have read 1984 but the ideas of the novel are way beyond its time.I can not state that it is a better novel then 1984 or Brave New World it is just comparable and a wonderful worthwhile read . Its themes and ideas are way beyond its time especially for being written only in the beginnings of communism . We is a bold and strong novel that portrays what it sets out to and proves that communism or any government can not hold down the human nature of rebellion . This novel is a testament of a man who saw the beginnings of the end in Russia and had the courage to stand out and write this great SF novel . His conviction and ideas are vividly portrayed because he was actually living in the beginnings of this , and I recommend this novel highly to any SF fan or curious reader , it is a great piece of literature and history .
 Inspiring and Passionate about the human condition . Precedes Brave New World . The author 's understanding of the Bible and Mathematics makes this Sci Fi beyond compare . Fear of the Individual is the theme . Societal confessions for thinking unacceptable thoughts . Has it all.I recommend this poetic and brilliant read to everyone .
 A great novel , `` WE '' , as the others below observe , is a clear influence on Huxley and Orwell . I ca n't add to their editorial in a meaningful way , but suggest you add the following to your collection of utopian/anti-utopian -LRB- same thing -RRB- literature
 This is a desperate plea to open ones eyes and view the stark truth of collectivism , totalitarianism , State control and the reduction of individuals to a cog in a wheel . Written from Russia in the early 20th century directly after the Red victory , it literally radiates with a forceful tale of evil in the guise of good . Worse , the evil thinks it is good.Modern totalitarian states are based on the premise of a Utopia - entites that are by their very nature static and unchanging . No surprises , no questioning , everything planned to the last nut and bolt . This utter predictability is a major drawing card for the masses since both democracy and capitalism are messy , unplanned , redundant yet gloriously effective in granting to the individual almost unlimited freedom.The novel reminds one of Anthem by Rand in its depiction of the solitary man attempting to rise above the herd . Then again , one hears echoes of 1984 and the everpresent voice of Big Brother . In all three cases , the State strives to eliminate any display of personal privacy . Remarkably , WE was completed long before either of these and holds up well today.Modern technology has allowed the State to become all powerful , all-intrusive , awesome in its ability to warp and trap the minds of human beings . The scariest messages today are those promising planned societies in which everyone has their place while the benevolent leaders care for us all - shades of North Korea.Russia has always been a collectivist nation from its earliest days . Whether it was tribe , religion , Party , economic class , ethnic class - the group was always paramoung over the individual . This book is a lesson we shun at our own peril .
 I have long been a fan of the ` dystopian ' genre , and in my opinion this certainly ranks among the best . `` We '' is often compared to `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World '' , and although I think `` We '' is slightly inferior to both , I still would not hesitate to heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoyed either of those books . The premise for the society in the book is not the menacing security of Big Brother -LRB- although there is certainly some state security -RRB- , nor is it the drug induced happiness of `` Brave New World '' 's some , but rather an interesting notion of a mathematically proved happiness whose value is infinity for all people.The book itself is written in quite a different format from either `` 1984 '' or `` Brave New World '' ; it is told in a personal diary format . This is part of both the book 's strength and weekness . It really makes the book for a quick , exciting , page turning read , but at times it feels like the author has to do a little stretching and straining of the personal narrative in order to convey some of the aspects of the society he is describing . That was probably the biggest problem I had with the book , but it is really something of a trifle , and it does n't impact the flow of the story that badly . Again , I very much recommend this to fans of `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' , and if could give out partial ratings , I would say that this is a closer to a 4.5 star book .
 Eugene Zamitian 's `` We '' is better than Huxley 's `` Brave New Worlds '' and Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' but is equal to Anthony Burgess ' `` The Wanting Seed . '' The reader will not be disappointed after reading `` We , '' perhaps they will see a new world without privacy , especially when going through airport security when asked to take off their shoes by people who might also take those jobs because of having a foot fetish ? `` We '' was written at the time the Soviet system was starting in Russia when Stalin inherited it from Lenin , a time not unlike now with people like U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft , an equal of Laventrii Beria and an unelected leader , George the Second -LRB- George W. Bush , Jr. -RRB- , and a conservative Republican regime , not a far cry from the dis-Utopia of Soviet Russia under Stalin who suppressed the writer 's like Eugene Zamiatin , Bulgakov , and others . Perhaps we in this totalitarian regime will experience what the characters in `` We '' experienced with lack of privacy and freedom ?
 I have alot of interest in the books 1984 , and Burgess 's 1985 who also wrote Clockwork Orange . This book was hard to read and really didnt make alot of sense most of the time . Is more Science Fiction than anything else-not a view of the future . The main character is found to have a `` soul '' which of course makes him mentally ill . Has alot of History to it but not much relevance . But Im certainly not the best one to review this book . I enjoyed 1984 very much .
 This book is so good a great Canadain band called the Tea Party wrote a whole album about it called `` Transmission '' . Pick up the book and the CD . They both rock and are a mindasul
 This is a fine resource , though a virtually verbatim adaptation , using Canadian $ and tax law , of the earlier `` Managing Your Inheritance '' by Card and Miller . Unless you are inheriting in Canada , get the Card and Miller book ...
 Anyone who loves a read about Tudor and Elizabethan times will not be able to put this book down . In it a 20th Century British detective laid up in the hospital solves the mystery of the disappearance of the Little Princes in the Tower . These were the two little boys , sons of the late King Edward IV , who were taken to the Tower of London for `` safekeeping , '' and never came out again . -LSB- And whose bodies were found hundreds of years later buried under a staircase in the Tower . -RSB- In the end the policeman comes up with the biggest expose in English history . And there is a twist on top of that . Irresistible .
 Detective Grant of Scotland Yard is laid up in the hospital with a broken leg and wounded hip . In an attempt to alleviate his boredom , a friend brings him portraits of different historical figures that have unsolved mysteries surrounding them . He 's fascinated by one portrait in particular - a man with a face full of suffering . Shocked to discover that it is Richard III , the Beast who murdered his nephews in order to secure his right to the throne , Grant embarks on a full-scale historical investigation to uncover the truth surrounding this atrocity.This book was slow to start , but once Grant was engaged with uncovering the mystery , it was like an avalanche . The story completely swept me away . I have to admit that despite being a history major , I successfully avoided most of the British and European history classes offered by my college . -LRB- I specialized in Middle Eastern history . -RRB- Because of this , I do n't know how much credence to lend Josephine Tey 's theory of what really occurred , but the evidence laid out in this little book seems very compelling . Whether she 's right or not , she successfully lit a fire under me to pick up some Brit history . Double win!Well - thought out , interesting book . 4.5 out of 5 stars .
 This is supposed to be Tey 's Magnum opus and , indeed , it is a fine and unique British mystery , a pillar of the genre ; however , I think it 's more of a writer 's book than a reader 's book in that it 's artfully conveyed but atypical of cosy murder formulas.Here , Inspector Grant is hospitalized , taken out of action , with a broken leg . In an effort to keep him entertained , a murder investigation is laid in his lap ... a very old one . Based upon his renowned skills as a crime solver , he 's challenged to discover whether or not Richard III actually murdered his nephews , a long standing British legend.Thus , the story is sort of told in retrospect and there is quite a lot of historical filler in order to arm the unapprised with the background of the orginal saga.I first read this book -LRB- 1997 -RRB- as an assignment for a western culture class . I have since read it again recreationally . As I said , it 's a fine mystery but , because this title was so very popular , Tey seems to have gotten tagged with it as this being her `` personal writing style '' . As a result of this paradigm , the bulk of her notable other works are intermittently viewed by some as being inferior in quality , which they are definitely not . I think that this dichotomy is more demonstrative of Tey 's versatility as a writer.The Scottish Josephine Tey -LRB- real name , Elizabeth Mackintosh , 1896-1952 -RRB- , was taken from us far too soon and so she did not ultimately yield all that many books when we compare her to , say , Dorothy L. Sayers or Agatha Christie . I find that her books fall into two categories , albeit they are all mysteries
 In Josephine Tey 's The Daughter of Time a policeman is confined to a hospital bed , literally unable to sit upright , and from that bed he solves a double homicide committed four hundred years before . The crime scene is sixteen generations out of date , there is no surviving forensic evidence , and the chroniclers of the time prospered through patronage , which could and did influence their reporting.The plot is perfectly paced and sustaining of tension throughout , an extraordinary accomplishment when you realize that the facts of the case have been known for over four centuries . Characters range from that intelligent , charming protagonist , Inspector Alan Grant of Scotland Yard , to the much-maligned Richard III himself . And then there are the dead-on and frequently devastating sidelights that have nothing to do with plot and everything to do with condition and culture , as in this description of the pile of books Grant 's friends have brought him in hospital : ... the public talked about ` a new Silas Weekly ' or ` a newLavinia Fitch ' exactly as they talked about ` a new brick ` or ` a new hairbrush . ' ... Their interest was not in the bookbut in its newness . They knew quite well what the bookwould be like.Ouch . After that , I wo n't even mention Tey 's character assassinations of Mary , Queen of Scots and Sir Thomas More .
 A good example of how the Creation of Official History , plus a witty , popular play by Shakespeare can heavily influence public opinion and obscure truth . Or more simply put
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 In one of the finest examples of historical research and logical thinking I have ever read ; Josephine Tey proves beyond any doubt that history tells lies . In reexamining the reign of King Richard the Third through the mind of a Scotland Yard Detective , we get an entirely clear and logical look at the historical facts , and solve one of History 's greatest mysteries . If you lovehistorical mystery novels , get this one ASAP !
 It took me too long to finally get to Josephine Tey 's The Daughter of Time . I gulp down mystery novels whole and I devour unreservedly every scrap of British royal history so what could be more appropriate than this classic . Perhaps I have read too many actual works of history , albeit of the wonderful pop variety kind of Alison Weir , that have refuted Tey 's conclusions . I was delighted from the moment I began the book . It was more clever and far more humourous than I had anticipated and I could not recommend it more highly -LRB- although I still have doubts about the verdict reached -RRB- . I have no doubts , though , about the journey . It was pure , unfettered joy .
 Never having heard of Josephine Tey , I purchased this book and another , `` Brat Farrar '' on the strength of the description.I have since read several other of the Tey collection , and I find them wonderful . Not a `` mystery '' in the usual sense , this is a novel which contains a so-called mystery . In other of her works , her Inspector Grant follows more conventional lines of investigating crimes . If you like one of Tey 's books , I thinkyou will like them all . I highly recommend them .
 `` The Daughter of Time '' is a wonderful book but not without its difficulties . On the plus side is the way the laid-up detective slowly deduces the riddle of who killed the two nephews , and he does so without using traditional histories . We definitely get a feel that the `` great man '' theory of history is frequently , if not almost always , wrong , because everything he reads -- from a children 's schoolbook to Sir Thomas More -- portrays Richard III as a vicious hunchback and poor administrator who had his nephews slaughtered for no good reason , but in reality none of that is likely to be true . This book invents -LRB- or , more likely , popularizes -RRB- social history , using things like diary entries , bills of lading , doctors ' notes and the like to ascertain where people were situated and how they lived . On the other hand , traditional histories are motivated by politics and emotion and tend to flatter or condemn , and then those errors are perpetuated down through the centuries.On the minus side , for Americans at least , are that this book reads best if you carry some background knowledge of the York/Lancaster `` Wars of the Roses '' of the late 15th century with you , also some idea of rights of inheritance and succession . -LRB- Precisely the things those of us who live in a republic do n't need to know ! -RRB- There is , at least , a genealogical table at the beginning of the book .
 I read `` The Daughter of Time '' as an adolescent , joined the Richard III Society in my twenties , wandered around Bosworth Field at thirty . Found Derek Jacobi 's recording at a book sale last year and have listened to it many times since . Hearing a well-narrated book that you previously embraced while reading it is a unique pleasure . The opposite of loving a book , hating the movie . I am sorry that Derek Jacobi recorded no other Inspector Grant than this single book . His Inspector Grant is much different that Stephen Thorne 's - they could never be mistaken for each other , and Stephen Thorne 's is also brilliant .
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 ... of one of the oldest mysteries in England was thoroughly enjoyable . The story is told in an intelligent manner and seems to logically solve the mystery . Until I read another theory on these two little princes I find more believable I 'll stick with this one !
 Josephine Tey wrote this in the 1950s , an examination of the place of Shakespeare 's arch-villain King Richard III in history , as a detective story of a kind . The attitudes it reveals are dated , and the environment in which the book is set -LRB- a hospital -RRB- quaint social history . But the story she explores is exciting , challenging and will change your mind about the history you learned at school and never questioned afterwards . My only quibble is that the most famous picture of Richard III , in which he is shown putting on or taking off a ring and in which it can clearly be seen that he has one shoulder higher than the other , which is much referred to in the book , is not the one used on the cover . Read this book , it will change your mind .
 Confined to a hospital bed , Josephine Tey 's inquisitive Inspector Grant is given a handful of portraits to study while recuperating . Grant prides himself in being able to `` read '' people 's faces . When he shows one picture to his surgeon , the doctor surmises the man had been a victim of polio , perhaps a merchant . Grant 's nurses know better & declare the man to be England 's Wicked Uncle , Richard III . This surprises the good Inspector because when first setting eyes upon the portait , he had opined that it was perhaps a judge.Only upon turning the paper over does he discover it was indeed England 's most reviled king -- he who had killed his nephews in the Tower of London & died at the Battle of Bosworth bellowing for a horse , as per The Bard in his play penned a century later.In search of facts , Inspector Grant discounts the records of two of histories greatest luminaries -LRB- & gossips , for neither Thomas More nor William Shakespeare were there -RRB- , to discover the truth about this much-maligned king , who was mourned by his subjects & ruled his short reign with a fair & generous hand.Learn from THE DAUGHTER OF TIME about how to look for the real history behind the winners ' versions -- the incoming Tudors -- who survived , what families were killed off , what were the coverups & what the Wars of the Roses was all about . Revisit the real far past , as well as 1950s England -LRB- long before cell phones & computers -RRB- , when this little mystery rattled many a historian 's cage.Vastly entertaining & beautifully read by the great thespian Derek Jacobi , of GADFAEL & I CLAUDIUS fame .
 First - I should say that I rarely give even the books I enjoy five stars . Of mysteries , this novel , Murder on the Orient Express , and the Westing Game -LRB- as a kids book -RRB- are the only ones which would rate five stars in my book.The thing that distinguishes Tey from other mystery writers is that each book is original in format and theme . She does not write books such as most of Christie 's Hercule Poirot series where the same thing always happens -LRB- you read confusing elements and become more and more flummoxed , until the end when Poirot pulls the answer to the riddle out of thin air . -RRB- Each of Tey 's novels builds and reveals itself differently . I want to put a plug in here for Tey as an excellent classic mystery author.That being said , Daughter of Time is her best work . She brillinantly captures the aura of mystery that surrounds a historian when she is researching a topic for the first time . I first read this book after I had been researching the development of cultural mythology , so the book resonated with me personally , but I think that anyone should appreciate the originality of using this theme for a mystery.As the book progresses the tension level rises and new twists keep you glued to the pages . Her side characters are also an interesting commentary on the meaning , impact , and value of truth . I could say more , but I do n't want to reveal the plot.This book is original , insightful and well-written . I recommend it for mystery lovers bored with formulaic novels and for non-mystery readers who will simply appreciate the book on its own merits .
 I read this in two evenings . That means I found it interesting , even though the setting of the book is quite different from most mysteries that I enjoy -- although , as an historian , I found the `` detective 's method '' was portrayed quite accurately . It was interesting to see that Ms. Tey has developed a theory as to why , after theories have been proven historically inaccurate , the theory continues to be held to as Gospel Truth . Tandypony . I think I will remember that phrase -- especially as many items in American history seem to fall into that category . Not exciting , nor thrilling , The Daughter of Time is well worth the time it takes to read .
 I am not surprised that The Daughter of Time is one of Josephine Tey 's most loved and revered books . This is a mystery book , but it is also a quite absorbing historical tale . In this book we examine , along with Chief Inspector Alan Grant , the age-old question about Richard III of England . Was he indeed the monster that we all have assumed he was from history books and from Shakespeare , or was he a very unfortunate political pawn ? Inspector Grant is lying in a hospital bed and in order to reliev his boredom , he embarks on a journey to solve this mystery . With the help of a young American reserch assistant , they actually determine that the whole story of Richard III 's infamy is suspect . It is truly sad that Ms. Tey 's life was cut short so soon after the publication of this book . She was a truly great novelist , and we are blessed for having her works in our libraries .
 Josephine Tey 's heroic Inspector Grant finds himself literally flat on his back in hospital
 This book deserves far more public acknowledgement . It is a very thorough examination of the character assassination of Richard of Gloucester . An excellent book .
 Thanks to Radio 4 book show & Mr Hitchens recommendation , I discovered this gem if a book . Have read many books on Richard III and this one is near the top of my list . The facts are all there , and prove , once again , what we in York have known all along , that Richard is a much maligned man who would have been a great king . Instead we got saddled with the odious Henry VII and hus murderous , lecherous son , Henry VIII , who was only redeemed by the daughter he tried so hard to keep from the throne . If you have read and enjoyed Sharon Penmans classic , ` The Sunne in Splendour ' , then you must read this book .
 This is a very topical book , despite its having been written more than 60 years ago about a man who died more than 500 years ago . I had been meaning to read it for 40 years but the discovery of the skeleton in the car park in Leicester finally prompted me to do it . It did not disappoint . A fascinating historical investigation into whether Richard III did or did not murder the princes in the Tower , and it teaches you not to take at face value what you are told by people in authority . Highly recommended .
 Yes , everyone . I mean it . Tey 's storytelling is terrific . Her arguments in favor of Richard 's innocence are compelling . Far more important , however , is her brilliant ability to help us truly understand what it means for history to be written by the victors . Anyone who reads this books and does not spend some time re-examining his or her own biases is just missing the point .
 I 'm no expert when it comes to English history , the monarchy , etc. . I 've read a couple of Agatha Christies and wanted something a little different from the usual whodunnit . This was recommended to me in a message board , as a ` detective story for those who are n't into that sort of thing ' . I 'm more than glad I tried it , even if I had to read up a bit on Richard III and the War of the Roses to prepare.First off , I love how straightforward this book is , how simple language is used -LRB- no high-faluting words to confuse readers like me -RRB- and how it manages to be fast paced even if most of it consists of dialogue . It really was an interesting read and the author obviously did a load of research . Research she was able to put into writing without making it boring for those who are n't into history - a nice consideration . Most of the time , all we hear about , read about and watch about is Henry VIII this , Elizabeth Tudor that , Mary Queen of Scots this , Thomas More that ... it 's about time we got to focus on someone who got the short end of the stick . This book is more than the usual murder mystery . In a way , it teaches us to question what is taught to us by institutions that are n't always free of bias and to give someone the benefit of the doubt , especially if this someone 's circumstances were n't favorable and made him/her an easy target for the ` victors . ' While this is a fictional account , I 'm now more than willing to keep an open mind when it comes to these things and right now , I want to read up more on Richard . I 'm glad that -LRB- based on what I 've seen online -RRB- many other people have come to realize that he probably was n't the monster the Tudors made him out to be and that Shakespeare 's account of him is so exaggerated . Murderer or not , at the very least , people have come to a point that they do n't just accept things because the big guys tell them to.Hopefully , someone produces a film that does n't portray Richard as a monster , but as a normal man , with flaws and all .
 I was exploring Edogawa Rampo and Seishi Yokomizo when I found this book by sheer accident . It proved to be the most wonderful detective story I ever read . In fact it could not be classified as a detective story at all , being more like the story of how two non-historians doing historical research and were then puzzled by how professional historians doing serious historical research . I say serious historical research because I do believe this is how professional historians typically do it . I had a professor in ancient Roman history who helped me in the writing of an essay on the Byzantine Iconoclasm . I intentionally disregarded all information sources related to lives of great saints during the period I studied , because I thought them too fantastic to be reliable , and therefore not at all eligible to be evidences for my arguments . My professor then asked why I did n't use materials about the lives of great saints . I said I was disgusted with authors spending half of their time trying to record nonexistent events , such as how a saint 's birth was a blessing from God , how a saint with the help of God repelled a whole army , how a saint with the blessing of God brought people back to life and made old people younger and so on . My pro . said contemporary accounts must be scrutinized with a pair of `` contemporary '' eyes . If the contemporary believed those accounts , historians should `` believe '' it and they were qualified evidences for my research in iconoclasm , however fantastic might they be . I was shocked . I did cite lives of great saints in my essay in the end . Now come to think of it , after finishing reading this book , is n't that the way most historians do research ? to shun modern analytical methods ; to present the perspectives and analyses of contemporaries . However the saddest thing about their approach is that even the most erudite historian could not faithfully present a `` contemporarized '' account of a period much earlier than that of his own . The Daughter of Time is masterpiece in its plot and more importantly , in that it constantly reminds one that sometimes history is more dramatic than novels , sometimes more farcical than novels . And at the end , kudos to Inspector Grant . Most wise of him not to concern about historical studies any longer .
 Tonypandy is a town in South Wales where in 1910 an all-out labor riot took place . The newspapers and even local talk twisted and exaggerated the real story and the falsified account became the historical record.Alan Grant , the main character in Josephine Tey 's `` The `` Daughter of Time , '' uses the word Tonypandy to describe faulty collective memory and in particular the popular history that tells us Richard III , whose name has come to mean villainy , was behind the 15th Century treachery and murder of Edward , Prince of Wales and Richard , Duke of York , the innocent golden-haired `` Princes in the Tower . `` Grant , a Scotland Yard detective , is confined to a hospital bed after taking a nasty fall through a trap door while chasing a suspect . His friend Marta Hallard , a woman of the Theatre who has adopted Grant as a `` spare escort , '' brings him flowers and books and suggests that instead of spending his days gazing at the ceiling in boredom , he become a bed-bound sleuth and a solve a mystery no one has ever been able to solve . `` You could do some academic investigating , '' she says . `` Finding a solution to an unsolved problem . `` Marta brings in a collection of pictures including a National Picture Gallery portrait of Richard III . Grant is captivated by the face of the king whose appearance does n't match his portrayal as a monster , the destroyer of innocence . Grant sees a portrait of `` Someone too conscientious . A worrier ; perhaps a perfectionist . A man at ease in large design but anxious over details . `` And so the sleuthing begins . With the help of a young American researcher Brent Carradine , Grant digs into the historical record and finds documentation that paints Richard in a different light and points to other suspects in the princes ' disappearance and presumed murder.During Grant 's historical investigation , conducted while he 's flat on his back , questions uncover new fact and facts begin to lead to truth and a different reality emerges , about Richard 's deformity , about the death of the princes . It 's a fascinating detective story that leads to a plausible conclusion about the real Richard and the name of the person behind the dual murder.Tey wants us to believe that what we read in the history books is not necessarily the way things happened . In convincing us she tells a riveting tale that unfolds through dialogue and banter . It 's a fascinating book for its humor , its subject matter and for providing a conclusive solution to a mystery that has remained unsolved for more than four centuries.I believe I now know beyond a reasonable doubt who did the deed in The Tower . It feels good to finally have an answer , an answer that is different than you 've been taught to believe . It 's an answer without a hint of Tonypandy .
 I read this years ago and was intrigued by the author 's use of the same facts to reach an opposite conclusion . A lesson that stuck with me and permanently caused me to view any accusation with skepticism . I purchased it as a gift for someone immersed in English history .
 I ca n't recommend this highly enough . Years ago it was the first eye opener for me that history might not be all the textbooks said it was , but this time I simply enjoyed the humor and interactions of the characters . I think it possible that Richard III is right up there with Hamlet in my list of `` dreamy maligned heroes . '' Such a great , fast read .
 An illuminating prospective on history 's creating a monster out of a King Richard III unjustly , and the denial of existing evidence that has proved contrary .
 I saw this older book on Amazon and since they recently discovered Richard 's bones I really wanted to read it.A detective recovering in the hospital from a broken leg decides to find out the truth about Richard III and the death of his nephews . What he and his cohorts find out from papers written at the time throws a whole new light on history.Of all the protagonists in Philippa Gregory 's Plantagenet series , I liked Richard and his pale little wife the best . I could n't really believe that this lovely man could do such a thing to his nephews . It was totally out of character . And after reading Tey 's brilliant book , I am even more convinced . She builds her case masterfully , discussing the evidence piece by piece , only to discover that several historians over the years have agreed with her main character 's theories.I hope when they make a new movie about Richard -LRB- and I 'm sure they will -RRB- that they will take this book into consideration .
 tey 's in top form with this one.how interesting , the news today is full of an account of discovering richard the 3rd 's remains , having been slain in battle in 1485 or there abouts . Tey 's story is about the unfairness of history and actually the man deserves to be recognized as a decent and honorable monarch.a most entertaining historic novel and i recommend five stars .
 This book attempts to dispel the myth of King Richard 111 who is traditionally known as the murderer of the little princes . Setting the analysis in today 's world is a clever ploy
 Do n't know how I missed Josephine Tey all these years . This is a very unusual , well written mystery . Very definitely a work of its time , as Adam Grant is a detective of his time and place . But well worth the read .
 Daughter of Time has been one of my favorite mysteries ever since I first read it years ago . Tey 's detective is laid up in the hospital and bored . So bored that he starts researching a historical mystery . Whether you agree with the conclusions or not , it will make you think .
 This was my third reading and I enjoyed it every bit as much as the first reading . The modern characters are neatly outlined and then left to the readers imagination . The historical figures are dusted off and presented as fascinating , complex personalities who can be admired or hated.One comes away with a feeling of sadness for Richard III and the two princes .
 I 've given away at least a dozen copies . I do n't want to spoil anyone 's delight in reading , but I will say that the content remains controversial . Debby Goldstein
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant with the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 I am not a particular fan of the history of the British Monarchy or of mysteries , but `` Daughter of Time '' is an intensely intellectual read , albeit fiction . This is not a story for the passive reader , as it randomly visits different points in time , both `` present '' and past and invokes a series of questions which are ultimatley never answered . The most intiguing element is the supposition that history 's account of King Richard III is flawed , either by purposeful acts of those who opposed him , or by mere consequence of events . `` Daughter of Time '' is quite difficult to follow at times and is best read when one is fully alert ; a nice pot of hot tea or coffee will help . Not recommended for junior readers unless mystery is their forte ' ; the story is severely lacking in action although the tale is quite adventurous . See if you can unravel the mystery , if at all possible , then read `` Spring Moon '' by Bette Bao-Lord for a refreshing look at the opposite end of the world/political spectrum .
 I listened to the audio version of this book and was enchanted from the beginnning . Derek Jacobi is engrossing as Detective Grant.I found myself listening and becoming steadily wrapped up in his research as he tried to unravel the mystery of Richard III.My only regret is that it ended . I wanted it to go on for a lot longer .
 It 's a little deceiving to consider this book a mystery novel in the traditional sense ; it 's much more of an historical study . The topic itself is fascinating
 This book definatly focuses more on character than action -LRB- unlike most mysteries , no one 's life is endangered -RRB- , but I found the combination of intellectual passion and frustration that drives Grant more than enough to make me want to keep turning the pages . It was given to me as a gift when I was bed-ridden and frustrated myself , and it not only diverted me , it inspired further distractions !
 I started reading this book because I had to for my AP Euro History Class . I was pleasantly surprised by this book . I because acutly interested in Grant 's seach to find the killer of the Princes in the Tower . I am not usually a mystery reader , but this is n't a usual mystery .
 Curling up with this combine of history , mystery and Shakespeare was a real treat . I 'm not overly familiar with the mystery genre or the era of history she 's exploring , and was totally unfamiliar with Ms. Tey , so it was all a pleasant surprise . That was two years ago and I 'm still so pleased to have read this book . Regrettably , the really good ones seem to show up with less and less frequency ...
 Not Tonypandy , site of early 20th century riots by coal miners . But when Tey wrote this fine mystery -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , the conventional wisdom about Tonypandy was all wrong . The challenge of accepted but inaccurately recorded historical events becomes a major theme for Scotland Yard 's hospitalized Inspector Alan Grant , and Tonypandy comes to be the word Grant uses with his researcher to reflect such historical error . Grant is a skilled reader of faces , and when presented a portrait of disgraced former King Richard III , he embarks on a four hundred year old case to determine the validity -LRB- and method used if it 's true -RRB- of the accusation that Richard III killed his own nephews , an idea perpetuated in common belief and English history books . With the unlikely aid of an unexpected source , Brent Carradine , an American studying at the British Museum , Grant applies police procedure to investigate the accusations . Tey deftly lays out the case point by point . Grant , Carradine , and Grant 's visitors and nurses are established well . The writing is lovely and clear . The only thing keeping this from being five stars is about me , not the book . There were times when my ignorance of British history and leaders interfered with my understanding of the relationships of those surrounding Richard . Wonderful writing , pacing , characters , and analysis makes this a thoroughly enjoyable read . If you are willing to doubt the veracity of recorded , accepted history , that 's gravy here , and you 'll like this all the better . I will definitely be looking for more of Tey and of Gordon Daviot , another pseudonym , like Tey , of Elizabeth MacKintosh .
 We tend to believe that the history we are taught , certainly at least in regard to the major figures and events , is as actual and factual as any hard science . In fact , the narratives of history , even the common structures about which there seems to be scant controversy , are in great measure opinions bequeathed to us by power brokers in justification of the continuation of their power and our subservience to it . This little entertaining book , presented as a novella , tears the cover off of this charade and once you have read it you will never be able to relax back into the quasi sleep of mass societal amnesia from which it has awakened you . While the story here is the pursuit of the truth of Richard III , who we all `` know '' as taught to us by Shakespeare and academic history primers was a disfigured arch villain who murdered the innocent princes in the Tower in unrelenting pursuit of the crown and who it turns our was nothing of the kind , this propaganda concocted by ... -LRB- here I stop so as not to spoil the mystery ! -RRB- we then feel empowered to eschew mindless acceptance of all similar tales we have been spoon fed . Let this tiny classic illuminate some rainy afternoon . Then , particularly for American readers , move on to James Loewen 's LIES MY TEACHERS TOLD ME , and your awakened life will have begun in earnest .
 This is my first experience with an historical detective novel , and I hope to find more . I suspect history is written by the winners , and it takes a long time for the truth to come out . I had some background knowledge about Richard III before reading Daughter of Time , so I do n't want to say anything that spoils this book . I did find the theory interesting and well-presented , since I had heard a convincing argument for another perpetrator -LRB- not Richard -RRB- . The portrait of Richard III referenced in this book is easy to find on the internet , which is fun to have while you read .
 This novel is a delicious mix of history and mystery , two of my favorite genres . Tey has turned one of the great unsolved mysteries of all time into an intriguing mystery novel . The murder involved is the disappearance of the two princes in the tower , and the suspect is Richard III . Did he do it ? This is one of those unanswerable questions that intrigue the history buff as much as the historian . The question has never really been answered to anyone 's satisfaction , except perhaps those historians who have written their version of the facts.Tey 's protagonist finds himself captivated by the mystery , when he discovers that the face of Richard III does not strike him as that of a villain . As he explores the facts of the case that still remain after all of this time , he delves deeper and deeper into the intrigues and battles of that era , and into the personality of Richard III . I found myself becoming captivated as well . It was a true page turner .
 Did Richard III have the princes in the Tower `` done in ? '' That is one of the great mysteries of history , and Tey `` solves '' it in the Daughter of Time . Some critics consider this the greatest mystery novel ever written , and I concur . Have read hundreds of mysteries , many of them marvelous , but The Daughter of Time is the best.There are those who think Christie 's The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is best . I do n't because I had correctly figured out who the murderer was by page 2 .
 Was Richard III a ruthless murderer of children or was he one of the finest , most honorable monarchs of Britain ? Innovative , great read .
 I read this book years ago and I have never been able to forget it . It is `` who-done-it '' but definitely not your average story of this type , in as much as it deals with the centuries old disappearance and possible murder of two young boys , both of royal blood . The mystery of the Princes in the Tower has never been solved and it continues to fascinate people over the years . I found this book as hard to lay down as I did the first time I read it .
 The Daughter of Timeis an historical mystery structured as an investigation by a bored and bed-bound detective , contemplating a portrait of Richard III.The title of this book is itself something of a mystery - who is the daughter ? The mystery revolves around Richard III , his brother Edward IV , his cousin Henry VII , and the nephews Richard was blamed for murdering . The story is told in the male voices of detective Alan Grant and his research assistant Brent Carradine . Josephine Tey opens her book with a proverb attributed to Aulus Gellius
 Dynamic and uncomplicated story that keeps unraveling with the speed of an avalanche.Set in an unexpected surroundings -LRB- a hospital -RRB- , the story evolves around the investigationand subsequent discovery of the true reason behind the murders of the Two Princes in 1483 . The writing style is engaging , full of interesting fact and witty comedic nuances that make one oblivious to the time it takes to finish the book . The author gets to the heart of matter without painting unnecessary surroundings . It 's a well-written , entertaining book and I recommend it if you have an afternoon to kill.by Simon Cleveland
 Some say this book is responsible for the renewed interest in Richard III . Whether true or not , it certainly peaked my curiosity.It 's chock full of history . But I have one word of caution
 I read this book when I was a teen-ager before reading Richard III the play . This became problematic for me since I was then shocked that people still believed that Richard was guilty , and that the play was n't wishful dramatic fiction . Now whenever I think of it , I urge people to read the book . Tey takes something that could easily be dry and tedious and weaves it into a convincing page-turner .
 From his hospital bed , Scotland Yard detective Alan Grant is intrigued by a portrait of Richard III , the humpback , the child murderer . Grant is impatient with himself for thinking that the notorious king looks more like a judge than a criminal.So from his bed , and with a little help from American student Brent Carradine , Grant takes on history , and researches the case with a detective 's eye.Richard is innocent , he decides . Bit by bit , like drops of cream in coffee , Tey introduces the facts of the case -- not what people said , or reported long after the fact , but what they did.This is by far one of the best , if not the best , mysteries from that great fount of paperback mysteries , England . This book is the definition of `` page-turner . '' People who know nothing of Richard III , and have never cared really , whether the historical rcerd is correct , will not only be fascinated by this story , but will , after putting it down , be ready to carry the banner of Richard 's innocence.One warning
 Ok what can I say about this book apart from the fact that I `` LOVED it '' Since the age of 10 after seeing Sir Laurence Olivier in Shakespeare 's `` Richard III '' I have been intrigued with this story . In this book Policeman Alan Grant recuperating in hospital becomes interested in the idea that Richard III was not responsible for the death of his nephews in the Tower . I read this book in my teens and reread it every now and then and still love it . Then again I was born in Yorkshire and we all know that Richard was innocent . I would like to share this book as it is so special and does put doubt into the minds of people . Read and change your outlook on history .
 The day after the announcement that the remains found under a carpark in Leicester was indeed the last of the Plantagenet kings , this book arrived from Amazon . The writing is as fresh as when I read it over 30 years ago and even then it was not a recent publication . A rare achievement as a mystery , crime and historical novel all in one .
 After reading this book I became a complete convert to the positive Richard iii - away with the Tudor propaganda ! Miss Tey develops clearly and methodically the reasons why Richard could not possibly have been the evil monster portrayed by Shakespeare.I thoroughly enjoyed this book .
 I am a fan of mystery novels and had long loved this interesting variation on the genre . Now suddenly the topic -- King Richard III , villain or maligned hero -- is front page news again . Suddenly it is clear that Shakespeare 's nasty monster was the victim of lying propaganda -- no hunchback , no withered arm , one of history 's great victims . Love it .
 If we could go back in time to solve mysteries it would benefit all of history . But to engage with the mystery by looking through time and engaging with the written word to solve crimes is , I think brilliant . I loved Tey 's use of modern deductive reasoning . Getting to know the people involved and working backwards to solve the mystery is , I think , very interesting but also difficult . Brilliantly written and a very difficult time period to try to understand . I would recommend this book very highly . The history is great.Rosezbiegien
 Should be compulsive reading . Suitable for all ages . A wonderfully tale , a thriller that transports one back to the time of the Princes In The Tower . Beautifully written , beautifully constructed , draws you in to ask ` what really happened ? '
 It was a great way of handling a detective story . From his hospital bed the detective solved an old mystery to counteract boredom . It was done with documents of the time and told me that even centuries ago history was manipulated . I liked it .
 I was recently reading THE DAUGHTER OF TIME when it occurred to me that it was probably the first of the `` research mysteries '' , in which the heroes spend a lot of time in libraries and museums trying to find the solutions to historical riddles . As such , THE DAUGHTER OF TIME is the mother of novels such as THE DA VINCI CODE and THE HISTORIAN . And better , in my opinion , than both .
 I read this story a few years ago and would reccommend it to any history class as an example of history made interesting.The story is pretty simple . I do not know how she came upon it , but , all in all , she does a fantastic job setting up the situation and then bringing in the mystery , seemingly from left field.Her examination of the evidence leaves no doubt about the guilt and innocence of the those involved . As it turns out -LRB- I forget if it is mentioned in this book or elsewhere -RRB- a lot of history has been written correcting the popular fable , but the popular fable keeps on keeping on.It is quaint that Ms. Tey mentions Shakespeare 's `` Richard III '' in another book , `` Miss Pym Disposes '' , &#8220; criminal libel on a fine man , a blatant piece of political propaganda , and an extremely silly play &#8221; . Ms. Tey 's writing style is very English . She reads very easily and correctly . I have been reading some of Ruyard Kipling 's work recently and it reads the same . These stories by British authors are fun and easy to read .
 I was given this book as a present and it sat on my shelvesfor many years before I peeked inside . A couple of hundredpages later it had taken its place in my personal top ten ofbooks.My first impression was of a whodunnit peopled withendearingly ordinary characters thrown together by one oflife 's minor calamities . By the time I reached the end Iwas ready to question the veracity of every snippet ofsanitised history I had absorbed , unquestioningly , in myschool days . And as for Richard III ... well , see for yourself
 This book was not at all what I had expected . After having this book pop up as a recommendation in several Plantagenet arenas , I decided that I had to have it . It is not , however , really a novel about Richard III in the traditional sense.I was disappointed at the outset of this novel when the first several chapters were about Grant , a detective who is laid up in the hospital with a broken leg . -LRB- Did they truly keep patients in the hospital for weeks with a broken leg at the time this was written ? -RRB- I was not much interested in the characters of Grant , Marta , or anyone else who was introduced at this time and wondered why the book had come with such high recommendations.Soon I realized that Grant was to investigate , as fully as he could from his hospital bed , the mystery of Richard as the murderer of his nephews , the Princes in the Tower . After studying a picture of Richard III , Grant decides that he has the face of a judge not a criminal and is determined to fill his time while bedridden with learning as much about the man as possible.Brent Carradine is introduced as Grant 's partner in this investigation , and most of the remainder of the novel is dialog between the two of them weighing different sources of contemporary information regarding Richard . The revisionist argument for Richard 's innocence is very clearly laid out through Grant and Brent researching his case . They quite thoroughly consider each person involved before and after Richard 's death and become irate that accepted history could be so obviously distorted . Their conversations reminded me of similar rants that my poor husband has had to endure whenever I read about Richard.Tey also includes other quips about historical falsehoods that are readily accepted as fact which helps aid the reader in believing that we could be wrong about poor Richard as well . So the book that I was anxious to read but disappointed in at the beginning ended up captivating me in the end . I read it within 24 hours . Though I was familiar with the information presented , I think that it would be a great introduction to anyone who is interested in the Ricardian revisionist theories . This is a novel but reads like well written non-fiction , an excellent presentation of Richard 's character and the case against him .
 This is one of the 2 or 3 must reads in the entire history of detective fiction . It 's also the book that was most responsible for popularizing the revisionist narrative of the life of Richard III . And it 's an insightful study into the way history is recorded to suit the interests and prejudices of historians , including the &#34; sainted Thomas More , &#34; who is taken to the woodshed .
 In view of the recent discovery in the Leicester car park , this book throws up some interesting theories about a maligned king . Worth a read .
 A classic ! I read this in my late teens many decades ago and revisited it following the momentous discoveries in Leicester . A must-read for all lovers of historical fiction . This is based on really sound research and presents &#34; difficult &#34; history in an appealing and compelling way . If you live in , or can go to London , I highly recommend a trip to the National Portrait Gallery to view the portrait of the king as described in the book . I still have the postcard i purchased there 40 years ago .
 This book shows how Richard III got a &#34; Bad Wrap &#34; in the history books
 I had only marginal interest in Richard III before but the book was so compelling that you are drawn into the search for how and why Richard got his reputation and now I am a fan of both Josephine Tey -LRB- the late -RRB- and Richard . Unusual detective story but the characters were so well differentiated that you will read it again .
 This little book is a great introduction , not just to Richard III , but about how history is created . It makes you realise that what you think you know about history may not always be correct . At one level , this novel is just a gentle detective story . But it certainly makes you think !
 Oh my god !! I am SO in love with this book . Josephine Tey , where have you been all my life ?!? I 'm so glad I have now discovered this author -LRB- she published under the pseudonym of Gordon Daviot as well -RRB- . I totally ate this book up . Yum !! Oh , Richard III , I 'm so glad I got this chance to learn so much about you . Shame on Shakespeare and Sir Thomas More for maligning him all these years . This was just such a treasure , I was so thoroughly hooked . I loved the way the characters were written , and I was in great suspense while reading this book -LRB- even though my friend felt that the `` suspense '' part would only really apply if you were British royalty , I still cared immensely -RRB-
 this book explains one of histories greatest mysteries . Alan Grant , one of Elizabeth Mackintosh 's -LSB- a.k.a. Josephine Tey -RSB- many characters , a detective at scotland yard renound for his ability to read personality by one 's face . Grant looks at a picture of Richard III and is shocked by the fact that he looks more like judge than a murderer . Grant investigates this historical question mark and discovers many intreging facts . if you think Richard murdered the Princes In The Tower , i garentee you will fell differently after you read this book .
 It 's wonderful to see that this excellent novel continues to endure . I read it over 30 years ago and it remains one of my favorites . It 's a tightly written and compelling page turner . However , it is fiction , and in-depth analysis of the history of the Princes in the Tower does make Richard III seem to be the culprit .
 I ordered two copies of the Daughter of Time for gifts . They arrived promptly and were in good condition .
 Daughter of time is a novel by Josephine Tey set in the early days of 1485 . It is about the then king of England Richard III who allegedly saw to the murder of his two nephews in order to extend his time on the throne . Alan Grant , the main character , is a policeman whom , after breaking his leg in a chase is left in hospital . During his extended stay he and his young researcher Brent Carradine embarks on a journey deep into a time long ago to find out what really happened to the two unfortunate young boys . The major downside to this novel is the lack of humour within , a part which is desperately needed in order to grasp the attention of today 's average reader . Without this subtle yet vital factor many minds begin to wander . The little humour present is of a linguistic nature and often hard to detect . The novel ; more of a history textbook , is definitely that of a formal text . The fact that it was first publish years ago accounts for this . Tey often tries to link her story with that of the days in which Richard III reigned supreme and hence archaic words are often found within . Words like gay -LRB- happy -RRB- and usurpation are found throughout the course of the `` novel '' . Set in England the Tey uses little to no slang throughout . The book seems to be more of a history textbook than a novel giving insights to the world of Richard III and Edward VII and does tend to get boring at part . However it does gives plausible theories towards the death of the to young princes , Richard III 's nephews . It is often hard to tell whether the book is boring due to the abundance of archaic words or if is because the reader in question knows little about the history of England .
 Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant is bored out of his mind . Due to an unfortunate fall and multiple injuries he is bed ridden in the hospital and the long healing process and subsequent inaction are driving him crazy . A friend , knowing of the Inspector 's passion for faces , brings him a portfolio of historical portraits thinking to distract him . She hopes he will involve himself in solving a `` classic '' historical mystery , since he seems to know all the facts of the Scotland Yard cases by heart . Grant homes in on the portrait of King Richard III , the supposedly wicked uncle who murdered his nephews , the boy princes , in the London 's Tower . He remembers how Richard was portrayed in elementary school history and certainly recalls Shakespeare 's vivid portrait of the evil hunchbacked king . However , try as he may , Grant can not reconcile the face in the painting with that of a tyrannical childrens ' murderer and usurper of England 's throne . He sees conscience and integrity in the face of the painting 's subject . And his curiousity is aroused for the first time since his accident.Grant asks for historical books and reads everything he can get his hands on . He finally comes into contact with a young research student from America who also becomes caught-up in the hypothesis that Richard III was framed . Author Josephine Tey , with the skill of the best in Scotland Yard , conducts an objective investigation of a centuries-old crime . She evenly portrays both side of the story , Richard III 's and King Henry VII 's -LRB- the other suspect -RRB- , with all its twists and turns , reveals compelling evidence and comes to an amazing conclusion.The reader is literally taken back in time to examine the accusations , testimonies and material relating to the death of Richard 's brother , King Edward IV in 1483 , the known history of his sons , Princes Edward and Richard after their father 's death and their mysterious disappearance , the behavior of Edward 's widow and children , including his eldest daughter Elizabeth , who becomes Henry 's bride , Queen and mother to Henry VIII . Tey provides an extraordinarily well researched profile of Richard III , pieced together directly from historical documents , and another profile of Henry Tudor . The author also examines the 1934 exhumation of the two children who were first dug up in 1674 . Motives are examined and finally , conclusions are drawn , proving , once again , that history is written by winners.This is a riveting piece of detective history . Usually historians are detectives . In this case we are introduced to a detective who becomes a historian . Step-by-step , Grant plays out his theories according to evidence and comes up with logical deductions . One may already know what the conclusions are , but that is not the point of this mystery novel . The book provides the opportunity to go back in history and view a more three-dimensional side to well known characters , examine documents , and understand the rationale of those who lied or who closed their eyes to the truth . In this case , a mistrust of the official version of `` the truth '' brings the truth to light.Alan Grant and the supporting cast of characters are wonderful , as is the witty dialogue . The young American , Brent Carradine , is hardworking and touching in his zeal to do something meaningful . This excellent mystery by Josephine Tey is a delight and a remarkably riveting read.JANA
 What thoughtful reader has n't experienced Shakespeare 's Richard III and wondered about the accuracy of the Bard 's portrayal ? Thus did Josephine Tey , near the close of her authorial career , delve into some of the lost nooks and crannies of English history in an effort to recover `` the real Richard . `` The well-known hurdle for all would-be Ricardians is , of course , the utter absence of source material contemporary to Richard 's reign , and most of all anything that discusses the fate of the `` princes in the Tower . '' All that is generally counted as `` authoritative , '' it turns out , is the product of Tudor dynasty information factories . Tey , however , very likely had in her possession the writings of Sir Clements Markham , a late Victorian-era civil servant , whose careful revisionist argument is here unfolded in a lively , compelling narrative of incremental discovery.Prompted by a reproduction of a famous portrait of Richard , Tey 's laid-up sleuth , with the help of an American researcher , marshalls from his bed an archival assault on the estimable Sir Thomas More , Henry -LRB- the VII -RRB- Tudor , and the entire phalanx of worthies who have reported , for the last half a millennium , that Richard was the demonic crookback murderer of Shakespeare 's characterization . Happily for us , there 's more -LRB- sic -RRB- to the story than the traditional record , and those not already sucked into the revisionist Ricardian argument may very well be converted . Tey 's engaging `` fiction '' is not only a great boon to all Ricardians -- who , with Richard III Societies on both sides of the pond , must surely win hundreds if not thousands of new converts yearly as a result of this 50-year-old work -- but the perfect place to begin your own exploration of this great historical proto-conspiracy .
 Since the winner writes the history books , it 's not surprising most people believe that Richard III was evil . According to Sir Thomas More and Shakespeare , he had various members of his family killed , including his poor little nephews , so that he could be king . It 's important to remember that much of what we think we know about Richard was written during the reigns of Henry VIII and Elizabeth I -- who were on the throne as the direct result of the defeat of Richard . To justify the Tudors -LRB- Henry 's father , I believe -RRB- seizing power , Richard had to be cast as the bad guy . We may never know what actually happened , but Josephine Tey presents a different look into history using actual letters and documents from that time . It all starts with a modern-day homicide detective who prides himself on being able to read faces . When he sees Richard 's portrait -LRB- without knowing who it is -RRB- , he does n't pick it as the face of an evil murderer . I 've seen Richard 's portrait in the National Portrait Gallery in London -- and I think Tey 's character , although fictional , may be on to something .
 This is an engaging detective-story that simultaneously illustrates with blinding clarity the difference between < i > objective `` fact '' < / i > and < i > subjective `` interpretation . '' < / i > Something we all need to be more aware of , more often . This novel 's publication led to the creation of worldwide `` Ricardian '' groups now seeking to clear the name of the 13th-century ruler of England , Richard III , villainized through Thomas More then Holinshed then Shakespeare as a hunchback murderer of his two young nephews in order to become king.For anyone interested in appearance/reality questions , or keen to uncover `` truths '' about anything at all , this novel is a MUST READ . But in fact , it 's good reading also simply for people who enjoy this genre of detective/mystery . Let this testament be my review 's closing
 Well , Richard III can certainly be considered as an unique British monarch
 I 'm happy to see this book printed once again , and happier still to see so many comments posted on it . My own pleasure in the book was that like only a handful of others -- including In the Beginning by Chaim Potok & Contact by Carl Sagan -- this book manages to dramatize the love of truth and the thrill of the quest for knowledge . It does n't work for everyone . Some people need more physical chase scenes . But Tey imparts the thrill of the chase to historical research , and has succeeded in getting a number of readers interested in exloring more . That 's an accomplishment . If you do want to find out more about the subject , the Richard III Society -LRB- mentioned in the book -RRB- has a website , including an extensive online library . One thing I keep hoping for in books like this is that they will teach readers about evaluating information and filtering propaganda from fact . Whatever you decide about the guilt or innocence of Richard III , examining what happened to history in the hands of More and Shakespeare and all who read them uncritically points out that now and always -- do n't just question authority , question * everything * . Francis Bacon said `` Truth is the daughter of time -- not of authority . '' -LRB- The source of the title . -RRB- But time itself does n't uncover the truth -- human minds do . The Daughter of Time is a `` research procedural '' , demonstrating the methods of checking source documents and evaluating written records much like a police procedural demonstrates search patterns and physical evidence collection . The detective novel has always had a core theme of celebrating human reason and advocating that `` the truth will set you free . '' I hope the high popularity of the detective novel these days means that theme is catching on .
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part history , part mystery . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 SWINDON . I ca n't believe it ! What will history say ? BURGOYNE . History , sir , will tell lies , as usual.That telling little exchange comes from a G.B. Shaw play and the thought it expresses is the basis of one of the finest mystery novels ever concocted
 Author Elizabeth MacKintosh , wrote under the pseudonym of Josephine Tey . She died in 1952 but her unique talent continues to entertain and enlighten her readers with her unusual mystery scenarios . With Daughter of Time she invites us to join the team of a 20th century Scotland Yard inspector Alan Grant and an American researcher currently on assignment at the British Museum as they utilized their powers of deductive reasoning -LRB- ala Sherlock Holmes -RRB- to ascertain the truth about with Richard III . Having been previously characterized by everyone from Shakespeare to Sir Thomas More as an evil hunchbacked usurper who murdered his two young nephews in the Tower of London in order to claim the throne ; the Richard Plantagenet of this investigation is portrayed as an unusually trusting , loving and gentle man with no physical deformity.As creatively and intellectually plotted as this novel is , its ' true beauty lies in the fact that it encourages the reader to THINK . It obliquely tells us that one should never accept any recorded history without question since most history is written from the perspective of those in power at the time and is not necessarily factual . In addition it enhances knowledge and vocabulary and sent this reader scurrying to the computer to look up definitions of items such as Bill of Attainder , Titulus Regius , and Star Chamber -LRB- lo and behold ... it is more than a movie with Michael Douglas -RRB- . Admittedly , this is a novel and the `` Richard argument '' presented by Tey 's characters , although compelling , should not be viewed as incontrovertible fact . Her writing , however , deserves to be treasured and enjoyed like a fine wine that is rolled around on the tongue and savored before it is swallowed .
 ... Or for anyone who thinks that they do n't . What happens when a bored detective meets a postcard of an evil man ? What happens when he decides that the man does n't look so evil ? A fascinating search into revisionist history , that 's what!Alan Grant , detective extraordinaire , is laid up in the hospital when he comes across a picture of Richard III . You know , the ugly , hunchbacked guy who murdered his nephews , usurped their throne , and then yelled `` My kingdom for a horse ! '' before dying his much-deserved death at the hands of Henry VII . The only problem is that Alan , who is never wrong about a face , thinks that Richard looks like a pretty decent guy.With the help of a few intrepid assistants who have access to the outside world , he decides to unravel the mystery of the Princes in the Tower . He must first work through 500 years of propaganda , lies , and questionable historical research.Is this book the end-all of the pro-Richard v. anti-Richard debate ? No . It 's not a traditional history , and should not be taken as such . It is a very fun detective story that opens up a fascinating window of how and why historians work , and will inspire anyone who reads it to think twice before taking any history at face value.Although anyone who loves history will adore this book , I think that it would also be a great book for someone who DOES N'T like history , such as a high school student who is bored to tears trying to memorize lists of names and dates . This book is a fun and quick read that shows how history is not quite as dry or as simple as our textbooks always taught us .
 Daughter of Time captivates the reader without lascivious passages , chilling chases or even punishable villains . There 's only a hospitalized , rational detective with a curious mind and a brilliant set of facts . Everyone I 've met who 's read this story loved it . Enough said .
 For rightly is truth called the daughter of time , not of authority . - Francis Bacon , THE NEW ORGANON , or True Directions Concerning the Interpretation of Nature , Aphorisms -LRB- Book One -RRB- , LXXXIVTHE DAUGHTER OF TIME -LRB- 1951 -RRB- was Mackintosh 's 7th and most famous novel . Before the story opens , Grant took a bad fall while in hot pursuit , and consequently is flat on his back in hospital . -LRB- Several of the authors he met during TO LOVE AND BE WISE have sent him offerings to wile away the time , which allows Tey some humour at the expense of these - of course - completely fictional colleagues . If you read the two books out of order , though , you wo n't get substantial spoilers about TO LOVE AND BE WISE . -RRB- Be that as it may , Grant 's long-time friend Marta Hallard suggests that Grant pass the time with a little academic investigation of some historical mystery - and given Grant 's professional interest in faces , brings him copies of portraits of the principals in various juicy cases . -LRB- Some have been tackled by other novelists , such as Fiona Buckley 's THE ROBSART MYSTERY , a.k.a. TO SHIELD THE QUEEN -RRB- . And almost by accident , Grant notices a portrait of a young man with a careworn face
 It 's been over 500 years since he was killed in battle on Bosworth field . The DNA evidence is not yet in at this writing , but it 's looking like a skeleton unearthed recently in nearby Leicester is very likely that of King Richard III . -LRB- Update 2/4/13
 Inspector Alan Grant is laid up in hospital and feeling bored and fretful . His friend , the actress Marta Hallard , suggests he indulges in a spot of academic investigating , to try to find a solution to an unsolved crime . Something classic that has puzzled the world , such as Mary Queen of Scots , The Borgias , the Man in the Iron Mask or Perkin Warbeck . Grant rejects the suggestion , but undaunted Marta returns with a sheaf of historical portraits and he becomes intrigued by the face of Richard III . The Last Plantagenet , the murderer of the Princes in the Tower - or was he ? Aided by the young American researcher Brent Carradine , Alan Grant at last finds something to interest him and begins to study the evidence of whether Richard III was responsible for the deaths of his nephews or not.This book appears rather dated now and , of course , there are innumerable more ways to investigate such an issue now than simply using a few reference books and coming to a decision . However , it is a pleasant read , an interesting intellectual exercise to indulge in and , obviously , well written . Alan Grant is an interested , impassioned advocate ; although he tries to present both sides of the argument , it is obvious where his -LRB- and presumably the authors -RRB- theories lay . Overall , a pleasant read and something slightly different .
 This mystery novel has been exhaustively reviewed and there is nothing more to add . Still I want to chalk up my 5 stars . During the reading of this book I spent hours on Wikipedia and other internet sites reading everything I could find on Edward IV , Richard III , Henry VII , and as many other players in this story as I could find , a subject that has never before held any interest for me . Henceforth I will question every so-called `` fact '' of history . Highly recommended .
 I actually `` listened '' to this book narrated by Sir Derek Jacobi on an audio book . It was brillant ! The author could very well have written a historical novel to please those who prefer easy reading . Do not think I dislike historical novels . In fact I love them and they have often prompted me to read actual histories . But the author chose instead to present the story as a mystery . One of the reviewers indicated this book was not for people who like action . True , there is little action by the main character . He is after all laid up in bed . But it is a fascinating walk through history , covering the Plantagenets , the Tudors , the War of the Roses , and of course the mystery of the disappearance and death of the two princes . Maybe the book is more for brainiacs than for lovers of action , but there certainly was a lot of action , albeit in the past . I listened to this book to and from work on my long daily commute , and could not wait to finish my work day to get back to it , and it was mighty difficult to arrive home and turn it off until the next morning !
 Many years ago , a friend of mine who was interested in English history -LRB- she now writes mystery novels from the Medieval Era -RRB- , suggested that I read a book on Richard III . I did so and found my prejudices against that monarch begin to fall away as I considered the evidence rather than what had been transmitted to readers.This is that book , Josephine Tey 's historical mystery as to who killed the two young sons of Edward IV . The plot is very simple . London police officer Alan Grant is in a hospital for an injury related to his work . While lying in bed , bored , he receives some pictures from an actress friend . One of these is a rendering of Richard III . He finds the image transfixing and decides that he wants to learn more about that monarch . With a young researcher , he sets out to solve the mystery of who murdered the young children . By the way , keep the genealogy on pages 8-9 available at all times . It 's hard to know the players without this handy listing of who begat whom and who married whom.Grant , with his young partner , gathers secondary and primary information . Grant , as a result , comes to think that Richard had gotten a bad rap , that he was -- in fact -- a good brother to Edward IV , a good administrator , a brave and capable military leader , and a person who was willing to forgive his adversaries -LRB- much to his regret as events turned out -RRB- . A curious sort of person to order the death of his nephews . At any rate , some historical figures take a beating in this book . As soon as I read the phrase that the two sleuths used for Thomas More , `` the sainted More , '' I knew that this was the book I had written long ago . I recall bon mots with my friend over that phrase after she had convinced me to read this volume.In the end , Grant uses his detective 's mind set to determine who the murderer -LRB- or he who ordered the murders -RRB- was . His logic makes a certain degree of sense , although others would disagree . Nonetheless , this is a fascinating book , written over a half century ago . It still reads well and moves along quickly .
 This is a mystery classic written by a highly respected , award winning British author . If you want action , this is not the book for you . If you like history and appreciate an intellectual , careful analysis and do n't mind the somewhat tedious approach of the writing , and are familiar with British culture , this is a captivating read that offers an alternative to the idea that Richard III had his 2 young nephews murdered in order to protect his right to the throne .
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part history , part mystery . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 I think readers who are more knowledgeable in British history will have even more fun reading this book . Although I am confuse by all the Richards , Edwards and Elizabeths and the lords and the ladies , I still think this is a wonderful story . The case is convincingly presented . I even had a vivid dream in which I was arguing for Richard III 's innoncence !
 I just recently discovered Tey -LRB- thanks to some Amazon reviews of highly literate female writers who write highly literate heros/heroines -RRB- , and the Daughter of Time is the first one I read -LRB- I 've since read 4 more , waiting for delivery on 2 more -RRB- . I found it exquisite , not only well written but fascinating , particularly in the way Tey documented the solution . Logical , rational , well-written with well-developed characters -LRB- including Richard III -RRB- - what more could one ask.As to one reviewer 's question about the title , I think it 's from a Francis Bacon quote , something along the lines of `` truth is the daughter of time . ''
 I enjoyed this novel very much and feel that the English lady from New York and the person who argues for Richard 's guilt are missing the point of the novel . Tey 's argument is that not only are sources like More not very reliable , but all the evidence argues that Richard simply did not fit the profile of the murderer . In answer to the English Woman , I think that she , not Tey is being naive in assuming that since competition for the throne was fierce , all the victors must be ruthless . History clearly records that King Stephen , only a few centuries earlier released his cousin Maude from any form of imprisonment even though she was a crown rival with a better claim to the throne and one that had rebelled against him . King John also , supposedly one of the most ruthless kings in history , confined , not murdered his throne rival , Eleanor of Brittany . The reader who claimed that the evidence points to Richard as the murderer has failed to understand Tey 's point that the murder , done in such a fashion , would not have been illogical , but irrational for the cold blooded monster painted in history books . By having the princes disappear , instead of poisoning them and claiming a fever or keeping them until they were in their twenties and then executing them , Richard would have gained the worst of both worlds . He would have been suspected as a murderer , yet would still not have been cleared as sole claimant to the throne . Also , if he was so determined to claim the throne , he would have also murdered Edward of Warwick , his nephew , who had an equally good claim to the throne .
 Nicely told story of how a modern-day detective using instinct and common sense unravels the defamation of England 's King Richard III . Unfortunately the alternate suspect proposed for the murder of his nephews is probably not the guilty party ; the most likely suspect , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham , is only mentioned in passing . Also some evidence is now outdated . Still , a nicely told rebuke to the traditionalists and Shakepeare for perpetuating the defamation of a man who might have become one of England 's greatest and most humane monarchs .
 After having enjoyed Josephine Tey 's other mysteries , I stumbled on the Daughter of Time . Inspector Grant at his absolute best ! He 's stuck in hospital flat on his back and spends his time trying to solve the enigma of Richard III . Was he as evil as most historians say , or was his reputation the result of Tudor propaganda ? It 's a delightful read ... and historically rather well researched . Only thing I did n't like was that it was too short
 This is an armchair detective book , a cross between Cold Case & Nero Wolfe . The Cold Case is centuries old , however , tough even for Lilly Rush . As usual , a small key -LRB- a portrait of Richard III -RRB- opens up a big can of worms . A bedridden detective uses his criminological skills to explore the murder of the 2 princes in the Tower of London . The clues arrive slowly & the detective uses psychology , logical deduction , & empirical actions by the suspects to reframe the case , concluding that Shakespeare was wrong , & Richard not guilty . Tracing Shakespeare 's sources -LRB- Holinshed , Sir Thomas More , & Morton -RRB- , Inspector Grant finds that historians ' prior conclusions were based on hearsay evidence . Tey thus suggests that -- p. 201
 Josephine Tey 's detective novel , `` Daughter of Time '' , was first published in 1950s . Since then , this book has attained a kind of cult status among readers of British mysteries , especially those with an interest in history . I heard the book favorably mentioned for years , finally found time to read it , and realized the hype is not overdone.The narrative tone is a little -- but noticeably -- different in tone from current books of the genre ; it is perhaps slightly more formal , more cerebral . The reader is soon aware of the author 's carefully chosen words and wit , and senses that here is a rewarding leisure-time read.I wo n't reveal the plot of the book or spoil any of the mystery except to say that Richard III is presented here in a new , entirely plausible view . Facts , inductive intuition , and a good understanding of human character and motives , unite to aid the detective , who is stuck in bed recovering from an injury , to reach his conclusions.A great read to savor and enjoy -- highly recommended !
 Mysteries are usually not my proverbial cup of tea , however the premise of this story is , the Scotland Yard detective layed-up in hospital , devealing into a historical mystery , to keep bordam at bay . After looking at some photographs and portraits , he is drawn by a portrait of Richard III , and recalls the story of the murder of the Princes in the Tower , which has been historically laid at his feet.While this book was written I think in the 1950s and is not up to our modern CSI style of whodunnit , it does show a more modern way of thinking about motives , and questioning supposedly sound historical commentary .
 A book that is great fun . Unfortunately the portraic on the cover is not tho one the book is about . The correct one can be qbtained by going to the National Portrait Gallery London on line and calling up that of Richard III . It can be printed out and proves of value in enjoying the book .
 Josephine Tey takes us through a wonderful unraveling of centuries old history . Was Richard III the evil murderer of the princes -- or not?I think this book one of the most fascinating mixes of history and mystery -LRB- two of my favorite areas -RRB- and reread it regularly . So when my book club asked me to recommend a mystery , this was an easy choice -LRB- backed up by it 's ranking as one of Amazon 's best mysteries of the Century -RRB- . Well , they hated it . Why bother solving a centuries old mystery ? So I offer this experience to say that this is a terrific book if you like mysteries or English history . Others may not care for it .
 Josephine Tey obviously did a great deal of research for this brief mystery and the finished product is one of those literary gems that will always be one of my -LRB- our -RRB- favorites . A great mystery and truly great read.Ed Wells
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 My knowledge of Richard III and the War of the Roses period of English history was limited but this book draws you in to the 15th century . Although the complexity of the royal lines at times seemed a bit confusing the goal is worth the work . This is the type of read that transcends the mystery genre . I would recommend this book unreservedly .
 Historically based detective story about Richard III 's England which is being investigated by a modern day Scotland Yard officer named Grant . The story bounces back and forth between the Grant 's ` investigation ' and visits to the hospital in which Grant is a patient . This is a short story that introduces into the reader to a historical event without making it the overly boring book non-historians are expecting .
 I first read `` The Daughter of Time '' about 25 years ago , and it made a deep impression on me . I was too busy at the time to pursue the substance matter further , but recently , after re-reading it again , I started digging deeper , checking history books and encyclopedias , and historical fiction dealing with the period and the character -LRB- in both senses of the word -RRB- or Richard III.Though the author 's logical reasoning is flawed in places , and though she skips some fundamental facts -LRB- she barely mentions Buckingham 's rebellion and thus his possible hand in the fate of the Princes in the Tower -RRB- , her book is the best possible introduction -LRB- short - about 200 pages - compared to most books of this kind , easy reading , engaging characters , a touch of humor -RRB- to the search for the truth about Richard III.Indeed history is written by the victors , and Henry Tudor certainly did his best to blacken his fallen enemy 's memory , from having Titulus Regius -LRB- the Act of Parliament confirming Richard 's right to the succession -RRB- repealed and burned without being read -LRB- thank heavens a copy did survive -RRB- to having his pet historians rewrite the history of his times to - and this is the worst - killing off all other possible claimants to the throne , including Richard 's bastard son -LRB- his legitimate son having pre-deceased him -RRB- . Josephine Tey makes that vividly clear , and at the same time fun -LRB- though by no means funny -RRB- and entertaining . I was totally convinced , not so much by her earnestness as by the logic -LRB- despite a couple of lapses -RRB- of her arguments.I was pleased to see that she inspired many writers of both fiction and non-fiction to dwell deeper into history and apply logic and reason to counter propaganda and disinformation.I am however dismayed to see that even after 400 years of one author after another trying to rehabilitate Richard III 's memory , and the efforts of the Ricardian Society , still so many people subscribe to the `` traditionalist '' view and that history books and encyclopedias still maintain the Tudor account of event , and there still lie in Westminster a coffin with two children 's skeletons with a plaque saying those are Edward V and Richard , Duke of York , murdered by their uncle . I wonder why the people in charge refuse to disinter the bones for carbon dating and DNA tests?Be it as it may , this book is highly recommended . And if you like it , you may , like me , go on and explore further about this historical , real-life mystery .
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history . Bravo !
 A very interesting idea about using a modern investigative approach to a 500 year old case . I learned a lot about theRichard III era . I would like to know if the facts presentedare verifiable because the evidence and analysis presented seem solid.I read about this book and author in a text by Christopher Hitchens , he seems to be a fan .
 What a wonderful way to learn about history ! My fascination with the real historical mystery described in this novel mirrored the fascination of the main character , a temporarily bed-ridden detective . I found myslef longing for the primary source material that the character was able to use from the British Museum ! And not wanting to disclose the ending , I 'd say that my reactions continued to mirror those of the main character , right through to the denouement . I 'm hoping that Amazon.com 's lists will help me find more books like this one !
 i read josephine tey 's book for history class and found it surprisingly quick paced and fascinating . i found characterisation decent and the plot such that i could n't put the book down . and , to me , the unbelieveable part is that the history was factual ! what is , perhaps , more crucial is that this novel shows history as `` high adventure , '' a mystery waiting to be solved -LRB- as if i were n't convinced already ! -RRB- . a must-read for any history buffs or mystery lovers !
 The first time I read this book I pondered whether the research was accurate , and went to the library for a biography of Richard . I found Richard the Third , by Paul Murray Kendall -LRB- Norton , 1955 -RRB- , and yes , Tey 's research is excellent ; she focuses on known facts and insights into human behavior often ignored by scholars . I agree and endorse the five-star reviews already published . There is a scholarly , functioning Richard III Society in England , with an active American Branch , who believe Richard has been maligned . After all , the victors write the histories .
 Josephine Tey obviously knew a huge amount about history , both ancient and modern , but writes this story with such a light touch that you stay in the story and do n't get pulled out of it . With some authors you feel that the story is just a vehicle for them to show you how much they 've learnt , but this is so well plotted that you stay in the story both in ancient and in recent times.I enjoyed how there were references to smoking in the hospital - made me realise how much has changed in the years since this book was written . It 's also a fun way for younger people to see how research was done before the internet existed .
 Wonderfully written and hugely educational , taking the reader from the theory of historical evidence to the stories of King Richard III
 I love this book ! I am a fan of '50s detective stories and history , so it is a perfect combination . The concept is simple but presented in an elegant way . Although the detective 's initial intuitive leap about Richard 's innocence is a little hard to swallow , the rest of the story follows naturally . The author 's obvious love of strange anecdotes and history in general are evident in the text .
 Alan grant is laid up in hospital with a broken leg and a concussed spine acquired when he fell down a manhole chasing a villain in the course of his duties as a Scotland Yard detective . He is bored . It is only when Marta Hallard , an actress visits him and produces as envelope full of prints of portraits that he starts to take an interest in something again.In with the pictures is one of Richard III and Grant decides from looking at the portrait that he can not believe Richard was responsible for the murders of the Princes in the Tower.With the help of Brett Carradine - an American researching at the British Museum - he starts to look into the story . The book is about their search for the truth of the matter . I can remember reading this book for the first time back in the 1960s and absolutely loving it.I have re-read it many times since and think it is just as good as it was the first time . People who prefer the Tudor version of history may not be interested in it but there have been many writers throughout the centuries who have tried to set the record straight and show that Richard III was not responsible for the disappearance of the Princes in the Tower.This is a classic detective story and no one has ever quite equalled it in quality in this sub genre of crime novels . It is almost in a genre of its own . It shows very well that history is , and always has been , written by the victors . An enjoyable book to read and re-read .
 Inspector Alan Grant of Scotland Yard is in hospital recovering from a broken leg and totally bored . He becomes intrigued by a portrait of Richard III . Can this portrait that conveys a kind and gentle soul , be the same Richard Plantagenet who murdered his brother 's 2 young sons in the Tower of London to secure his own crown ? Or could Richard have been a victim , turned into a murderous monster by the usurping Henry Tudor and Tudor 's historians?Grant , with the help of a young American scholar doing research at the British Museum , sets out to reexamine the evidence against Richard . Using his deductive powers of reasoning , and posing his arguments as if to present to a jury , Grant puts together a new theory of what really happened and who could have killed the royal princes . In other words , who had motive and opportunity.Josephine Tey wrote a neat little package of a book , part history and part mystery but totally entertaining . This book is barely 200 pages in length , with nary a car chase or shot fired . It is ingeniously plotted , and extremely well written . It will appeal to lovers of classic British mysteries and British history .
 I loved every page of it . You feel like you 're looking over the shoulder of these charming characters . I read it in one evening , and the day after , I read it again . Never done that before .
 The book , `` Daughter of Time '' by Josephine Tey , has been one of my all-time favourites for years . That a slim detective novel has had such an impact on the academic world is remarkable . It is the cover of this new edition that dismays me . As it is the portrait of Richard III in the National Portrait Gallery -LRB- London -RRB- that plays such a significant role in the story , what possible excuse is there for the ` new ' portrait , both unassociated and discordant , that features on the cover of this particular edition ?
 In the mystery novel , Daughter of Time by Josephine Tey , a bedridden Scotland Yard detective attempts to solve one of history 's oldest and most intriguing murder mysteries . Who was responsible for the deaths of the two children in the Tower of London . Was it Richard III or Henry VII ? Richard was the last Plantagenet king ; and Henry was the first Tudor to sit on the throne . Their conflict ended the War of the Roses.But the murder of two small children is a crime despicable by the standards of most people and someone must be blamed . Politics will darken the reputation of one man . But the truth will be told even if it takes centuries to unfold.British detectives understand logic and the conclusion will not surprise history buffs . It is a marvelous combination of murder mystery , detective fiction and history lesson .
 The beginning was a little outdated and slow to start , but once in a few chapters it was very entertaining . There were no gruesome murder details or nasty language for which I was grateful . After finishing , I was digging for more information on the period of history .
 TRUTH is the daughter of time , and Alan Grant of Scotland Yard can not abandon his relentless pursuit of truth . Even when he is flat on his back , convalescing in a hospital bed , staring at the ceiling and desperate for something to occupy his mind and his time.To amuse him , a friend brings him prints of portraits from the National Gallery -- men , women and children -- since Grant has a reputation for being able to read a person 's character in his face . Grant is successful in distinguishing offenders from victims , until he reaches the last portrait . A judge ? A soldier ? A prince ? he wonders . The name on the back is Richard the Third.Grant refuses to believe that the man 's face can so belie his reputation as a murderer . And so , still on his back in bed , Grant gradually become determined to find out the truth about Richard the Third for himself . With the help of those around him -LRB- characters who are also intriguing in their own right -RRB- , he assembles information from documents of history to help him decide the `` case '' . It is remarkable enough for Tey to have put together the evidence she assembles for Richard the Third 's case . But to present that case in the hospital -- where the quiet , white , solemn setting is in stark contrast to the story of compassion , courage , suffering and betrayal that Grant 's investigation reveals -- is inspired . Tey literally resurrects Richard and his story . Admiration , pity , and outrage are aroused in the reader for a man who has been dead for centuries.And Grant , in his meticulous and painstakingly logical way , arrives at a conclusion that you are sure must close the book on the question of Richard 's innocence forever.All this -LRB- not to mention the subtle commentary on what is truth -RRB- in just over 200 pages . A book worth reading and re-reading .
 A very good book and story ... Author had a great command of the English language , made me step up my game .
 Take a book that 's 1 -RRB- Written by Josephine Tey , 2 -RRB- British mystery , and 3 -RRB- Interesting history and there 's hardly a chance I wo n't like it . This book was my first taste of Josephine Tey . It was required reading for a university accounting classes . My professor used it to get the point across that all is not as it may seem - even if it 's in a history book . I went on to not only read , but to buy , all of Josephine Tey 's books.Foul Language - I ca n't remember exactly . There may be a few mild expletives.Sex - None . There are some oblique references to having sex and children out of wedlock . The book discusses the English royal lines , after all.Violence - None .
 I was introduced to Josephine Tey through a group I belong to on -LSB- ... -RSB- . We have an informal book group and discussion , and this is our most recent selection . It 's the first Tey I 've read , and it wo n't be the last . It features a character who apparently recurs in several of her novels , Inspector Alan Grant of the Scotland Yard.Laid up after suffering a broken leg , Grant tries to dispel the boredom by trying to solve an unsolved crime
 I was introduced to this charming little mystery while a schoolboy , and the enthusiasm of my teacher -LRB- Agnes Hay -RRB- resulted in a lifetime passion for British history . If you 're such a buff , you will thoroughly enjoy this fictional modern-day examination of the Murder of the Princes in The Tower of London . Delightful -- you 'll want to curl up and enjoy it all in one sitting !
 Could n't resist the Simon & Garfunkel reference.This is easily one of the best mysteries I have ever read , and believe me I do a lot of reading . While admittedly it sometimes gets a little difficult to follow at times , I found the whole premise so different and intriguing from other mysteries I have read that it kept me going . My first thought was it is surprising that other authors have n't really tried to duplicate this type of story , but I think anything would come up short . It 's like hollywood trying to remake classics or follow the same storyline -LRB- it never works -RRB- . There is only one `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' and there is only one `` Daughter of Time '' . I am looking forward to reading another Tey novel .
 The Daugter of Time is a good book , but it has a lot of large words that are hard for someone who does n't have an advanced vocabulary to comprehend . It is a good book because it is not like the typical mystery book . It has a detective that is in the hospital and he has other people look up the facts instead of looking them up himself . The detective gets started on this mystery because his friend Marta brings him cases that have not been solved so he can have something to do while in the hospital . He is intregued by faces and Marta had given him pictures of the faces of suspects in the crimes . He finds the picture of King Henry the third mystifying and decides to check out the crime a little bit more . Also , in a typical mystery book it is a mystery that just happened recently , but in this book it is a mystery that happened long ago and is in history books . I think that you should read this book if you love mysteries , or if you like things that happened in medeival times .
 I needed to acquire a number of copies of this book to give to family and friends for get togeather that I am planning . Knowing that I do not have a lot of money , a co-worker/friend recommended I try Amazon.com . I previously avoided the site because I heard some horror stories but she suggested still that I give it a try . Initially I had a problem related to shipping and which vendor offered the best price . I was able to work it out and get the books . I saved about 70 % and the quality was good to very good . They were shipped and arrived on or about the date they promised . All things considered
 I admit I had my doubts about this book for two reasons . First , I am not a big fan of Mystery novels -LRB- I prefer Si-Fi , and History -RRB- and second , it was required reading for a History class . After two days of reading though I found that I completely enjoyed the book . I already had known that Richard III was not really responsible for the death of his nephews , but had not read anything connecting Henry VII . The book was fun to read because it shows how we historians can get sucked into proving or disproving a historical inaccuracy . The only negative part about the book would be that it in no way untangles the mess of the War of the Rose and for people who do not have that background it may be a little confusing . Though written over fifty years ago it is good to see that from a fictional sense , the drive behind research has not changed much . You have an idea , in the book 's case the rumor of the Princess ' death , and one goes of to find evidence of the rumors . The one thing that the book did not consider was that a lack of evidence does not mean there is none . The evidence the characters were searching for just may not have survived , forcing them to the same conclusion . Overall the book was great and fun to read , even for historians . I would highly recommend this book for people that wanted to read history without suffering through a dry textbook .
 I first read this book in 6th Grade based on a teacher 's recommendation and loved it -LRB- thank you Mrs. Ewing -RRB- . Ms. Tey 's conclusions about the inaccuracy of history written by the victors stuck in my mind then and continue to influence my view of history today . The questions she raises about the murder of the princes in the Tower remind us that there are two sides to every story and that history as we know it is not necessarily factually accurate . I highly recommend this book and the other Alan Grant novels .
 I first read this book many years ago , and it remains one of my favorite books ever . I just re-read it , and , though it was written in the 1950s , it does not feel dated . Only the length of Grant 's recuperation -LRB- physical therapists will cringe at the length of time he is made to lie in bed -RRB- and the absence of computer resources make it seem a bit old.In this book , Josephine Tey , a mystery novelist , acquires credibility in historical circles . She , using the conceit of her Grant character 's being laid up and needing an occupation to keep him from boredom , presents the revisionist theory of the fate of the `` Princes in the Tower '' in an extremely readable , interesting way . It is history presented as fiction . The revisionists believe that Richard III has gotten a bad rap from the Tudors and their tame historians and that he was framed for the death of the princes . Certainly , we end Tey 's book being totally in accord with her , and Grant 's , opinions.If you want some other reading to follow up after this book , I strongly recommend that you read `` Royal Blood '' by Bertram Fields and that you read Appendices I and II of Paul Murray Kendall 's `` Richard III '' . Those appendices deal with the accuracy -LRB- or , rather , inaccuracy -RRB- of historical sources and with the death of the princes in the tower.I have just sent this book , with Field 's book , to my law student daughter . I recommended it to her , and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys mysteries and history .
 The Daughter of Time is a pleasant mixture of mystery novel and revisionist history . The book itself is thin , and there is n't much of a plot to the story , but the descriptive prose is wonderful and the characters really do seem real -LRB- even if rather dull -RRB- . The premise is that an injured homicide detective is recouperating in a London hospital and , out of boredom , begins to read up on the infamous Richard III . After a few selections he begins to suspect that Richard 's infamy may not be well-deserved , so he enlists the support of a young amateur research historian -LRB- a friend of an acquaintance -RRB- to unravel this `` mystery . '' There are no surprises throughout the evolution of the story ; it plods along just as you would expect , but it is never boring . The realistic modern characters and the intriguing story of the Yorks and Tudors combine for an entertaining and refreshing work of short fiction . It is a fun little book that would be well-placed in high school English classes , where it would easily foster interest in both literature and history .
 As a novel this richly deserves five stars
 Josephine Tey was once a well known British writer of mysteries . I 'm afraid she is now mostly forgotten -- except for the classic `` Daughter of Time . '' If you like history , if you like true life mysteries , or children-in-peril stories , in fact if you are a Shakespeare fan or a Tudor era afficiando or any of the above , you 'll want to read this slim book . Written in 1951 , close to the author 's death , the language , and the descriptions of clothes , cars , and the way of life of the two `` modern '' young characters strikes one as dated and quaint , but somehow quite appropriate for this story . An injured Scotland Yard inspector is in hospital with a severe leg injury -- shades of Patterson 's Alex Cross ! -- so his young female friend has to be his legs , eyes , and researcher , and they become involved in a `` cold case '' 470 years old . The mystery is
 One of those rare novels that is both entertaining and informative , like the Da Vinci Code . A novel that can be read over and over again . The CD version read by Derick Jacobi hightens the authors brilliance and the readers genius . Highly recommended . You will never tire of listening to them .
 I read this book , in 1970 , in my first semester in university . This book was required introductory reading in Historiography , a course required of history majors or those contemplating that field of study . Indeed , The Daughter of Time was a perfect object-lesson in why we should history critically , why we should question its authors and its source materials , why we should mine footnotes and bibliographies for value or falsity.It helped that Ms. Tey 's prose is clear and her modern-day characters likeable , as they unfold the Richard III story anew . It is perfect for teaching history , as an object lesson . No accident that Grant 's American friend wants to title his new book about Richard III , `` History is Bunk . '' I could appreciate , and savor , reading history only after learning to debunk it , and I 'm still grateful to Ms. Tey after these many years of reading history , and writing it , for showing the way .
 This is a wonderful genre bending book ... part mystery , part history . Written by Scotswoman Elizabeth MacIntosh , who wrote under the pen name Josephine Tey , it was first published in 1951 . It is tragic that the author died in 1952 and was never to know the pleasure that this book would bring to generations of readers and that the Mystery Writers of America would ultimately rank it fourth among the one hundred best mysteries ever written.The title of the book is derived from a historical source , as it is attributable to Sir Francis Bacon , `` For truth is rightly named after the daughter of time , and not of authority . '' The book itself is not a traditional mystery but rather an application of deductive reasoning to an actual historical event . The event in question is the murder of the princes in the tower , sons of King Edward IV , allegedly by their uncle , Richard III , who eventually usurped the English throne after the death of his brother . It has been widely held that Richard III did , indeed , murder the two young princes , his nephews , in order to secure his claim to the throne.The reader is introduced to Scotland Yard Inspector Alan Grant , who is hospitalized and recovering from injuries sustained in the line of duty . While convalescing , he becomes intrigued by a picture of a portrait of Richard III , a likeness with which he is unfamiliar . Grant is puzzled that someone with such a sensitive face could have been such a monster as to murder his two nephews in cold blood . So , our intrepid Inspector decides that he will reconsider the evidence upon which such a dastardly assumption has been based . With the help of an American researcher doing the necessary legwork , Grant compiles enough archival historical fact that incrementally helps him formulate a new theory as to who actually may have murdered the princes in the tower.This analysis and reformulation is done as though it were being argued to a jury . Indeed , so persuasive is Inspector Grant through the application of some insightful deductive reasoning and clever dialogue that the reader comes away thinking that Grant has solved one of the most intriguing historical mysteries of all time . This is certainly an unusual book conceptually but one that succeeds brilliantly . It should appeal to those readers who enjoy having a mystery unraveled , as well as to those who harbor a love of English history.Derek Jacobi gives a lively and spirited reading . He positively shines when reading the role of Detective Grant and gives a most persuasive characterization . It almost more a performance than a reading . The only slight problem is that when incorporating the role of the American researcher into the reading , his American accent falters a bit . Despite this small issue , however , his reading of this brilliant work is one of the most engaging that I have ever heard in an audio book . Bravo !
 I was given this book by a friend who thought my one-eyed , anti- Richard III attitude was lacking in factual conviction . After having read this wonderfully well written book , I realised the dangers of basing ones opinions on facts that have been written by Victors . I am now more inclined to believe that while Richard III may have had a little wickedness in him , Henry VII would have had a lot more to answer to when he reached St Peter and the Pearly Gates . I thoroughly recommend ` The Daughter of Time ' . It is a thought provoking read and makes you realise that you have to approach the ` facts ' with a certain amount of sceptism . This book has made me a better historian . It provided me with a valuable lesson right from the start . Josephine Tey is a wonderful writer and I credit her as one of the two people who provided me with the inspiration and impetus to further my studies in history .
 I was delighted to read this book . Having been a college history major and a person trained in the law , it had a special appeal . It is a great treat to see a commonly held belief about history proven to be wrong . Yes , there were conspiracies and cover-ups in medieval times , as well as political intrigue . It is like Game of Thrones unfolding , and peeling away the layers of history and falsehood to find the truth.I give my thanks to the trusts and estates lawyer who recommended this book to me . Thanks , Patti . I enjoyed the book .
 Recently , I received a copy of the book The Daughter of Time by Josephine Tey . My son bought it -LRB- from an amazon seller -RRB- for me for my birthday . I 'd heard of the book before , but never read it . It 's fiction , and is about a modern day British detective -LRB- well , 1950s `` modern '' because that 's when the book originally was written -RRB- . This detective is laid up in a hospital after an accident and he , together with a research assistant who is a new acquaintance of his , have fun delving into the lies & conspiracies connected to the life & death of King Richard III . The Tey book is wonderful and quite entertaining!When I started reading the book , I found I liked it a lot and thought I 'd read a bit more of it on the following day . However , when I turned on my computer the next morning and looked at the news ... Lo & Behold , the morning news reported that the remains of Richard III were uncovered under a parking lot in England and just been positively identified . It just seemed uncanny - Richard III had been buried for about 500 years , and then news regarding his remains is announced right when I start reading the book . What excellent timing!I finished the Tey book that same day - and I highly recommend it !
 I picked this novel up on a whim , read it , and actually ended up sending to British booksellers -LRB- this was in the mid 70 's - no internet or Amazon -RRB- to obtain material related to the historical resources available at the time , and actually ended up reading the Lysle Letters . She is right on : history is written by the victors , and in the case where skulduggery and unenlightened self-interest rule , the results can be pretty stupid . Shaksepeare was a spin-doctor with no good intentions , and Richard was actually the only person in the English Upper echelons who really and actually HAD absolutely no reason to want the princes dead.Fabulous book !
 Prolific and acclaimed British mystery writer Josephine Tey , author of the classicMan in the Queue , presents her long time character Inspector Alan Grant laid up with a broken leg for a while . True to character , Grant can not stand not having a mystery to occupy his mind , and a chance encounter with a picture of Richard III leads him to become intrigued with the famous mystery of the death of the two Princes in the tower . The good news is that you do not need to be a history buff to appreciate this mystery , but you may become one along the way . Meet Richard III and and Henry VII , and learn about he Princes while staying with Grant in the modern world as he attempts to solve a centuries old mystery . Tey is a prolific mystery writer and Inspector Alan Grant is a fascinating detective . Tey stays with historical fact , when known , and consults modern historians when speculating . This classic belongs on every mystery lovers bookshelf , and would be a great gift for history buffs , most of whom are well aware of the historical mystery a the heart of this book . I reread it myself every few years .
 The picture of Richard III on the cover of this book hints at the content ; unless you are deeply into Francis Bacon -LRB- or possibly Galileo , through Bertolt Brecht -RRB- , the title does not . The Daughter of Time is Truth , and the book offers a radically different kind of detective novel . Alan Grant , a Scotland Yard sleuth established as a character in some of Josephene Tey 's earlier novels , is laid-up in hospital and keeps boredom at bay by searching for the truth about Richard III . It seems to Grant , and we can verify this for ourselves , that the picture of Richard just does n't look like the scheming , grasping , murderous character traditionally presented to us , not least by Shakespeare.If the Princes in the Tower went missing , presumably murdered , whilst under Richard 's protection , how was it that their mother and sisters remained on apparently good terms with Richard ? Were the Princes in fact still alive when Richard was killed on Bosworth Field and Henry VII succeeded to the throne ? If they were , what then became of them ? If murdered at the behest of either Richard or Henry , why did n't they say the boys had died of fever and bury them publicly , so as to avoid challenges to the throne in the name of the young Edward V?We are unlikely now to establish definitive answers to these and other intriguing questions , but Alan Grant 's asking of them and unearthing of the tangled story behind them makes a fascinating read - except perhaps for professional historians , who might be irritated by some unflattering generalizations made about themselves and by the ducking of a couple of inconvenient facts . But , hey , this is only a story , and it could well inspire the budding of a new young historian , or initiate an absorbing new hobby for someone a little older . Or simply be enjoyed as a detective novel with a difference , one that is much faster-paced than you might expect of an investigation of events that occurred more than 500 years ago and that is conducted entirely from a hospital bed .
 I 've read this book twice , and I remember that the first time I read it , I was awed by the premise
 I have always loved this book and bought this to give to a brother in law who only knew Richard III from the Shakespeare play . In my opinion Tey proves Richard has been maligned for centuries by Tudor historians and others using them as sources . I feel this is a must read for anyone interested in Richard III .
 Having read both Sharon Kay Penman 's excellent `` The Sunne in Splendour '' and Alison Weir 's abysmal `` The Princes in the Tower '' , I decided to try something a little different and go for this book . While I agree with some other reviewers that the plot may be a little thin , and in places it seems almost like Ms. Tey is just giving evidence instead of telling an actual story , I did n't mind so much . It was a quick read , but a very good one , and I particularly enjoy her writing style.Since I flatter myself that I am pretty familiar with most of the Richard evidence , I was pleased to find that there were a few things in this book I had n't read/heard before . All in all , I thought this was a fun book , not at all boring . Of course , since I agree with her conclusion -LRB- and found myself believing in Richard 's innocence even more after reading Ms. Weir 's poorly researched book of supposition -RRB- it was bound to be a lot of fun for me.If you are interested in the Richard mystery , give this one a try !
 I , too , love this book . It 's a wonderful introduction to the intricacies of English royalty of the period , and prompted me to search out Thomas B. Costain 's wonderful series that begins with `` The Conquering Family . `` Tey 's book is fun to read and re-read , and I look forward to the passing of a few more years when I can pick it up again .
 Heard this book recommended on radio 4 and was intrigued enough to buy it . If ever a case was made for questioning what you 're told and not blithely trusting received wisdom , then this is it ! Assuming all the facts presented here are true , and following my own logic I should investigate further , then Richard lll has been grievously wronged for 500 and some years and still is being now , in the face of overwhelmingly convincing evidence that he did n't harm a hair on the heads of any Princes . Even the considerable presence of Elizabeth l seems scant recompense for the underhand doings of her grandfather Henry Vll ! Mind you , l 'm wondering about her now ! A truly enlightening book , thank you Peter Hitchins for your recommendation !
 a different approach to what might have happend in the castle when richard III ruled england.you will become your own detective and come to your own conclusions . I looked for more books on richard III ever since josephine tey introduced me to him . Thank you J.T. ...
 I listened to the audio version of this book and was enchanted from the beginnning . Derek Jacobi is engrossing as Detective Grant.I found myself listening and becoming steadily wrapped up in his research as he tried to unravel the mystery of Richard III.My only regret is that it ended . I wanted it to go on for a lot longer .
 This book was recommended to me during a family discussion on whether or not Richard III was guilty of killing his two nephews . I expected this book to be a biography , but it is presented in a fiction form of an inspector and a student looking into the mystery of Richard III while the inspector was bedridden . The dialogue in the book is between the inspector and the student , who is doing the research at the British Museum . The student then brings the research information back to the bedridden inspector . There are some good points made in the book which casts doubt on the general history 's portrait of Richard III as the evil uncle . Although the book is well written and make interesting points , I can not help be wonder whether or not the information is fiction because of the way Tey presented the story . Tey shows alternate theories of what may have happened to the Princes in the Tower .
 Oddly enough I 've had Ms Tey 's The Daughter of Time in my own library off and on for years , but just never got around to reading it . Usually it got given away whenever I moved . This time I actually took a moment to read the cover introduction and decided to buy it once more , fully resolved to reading it immediately . Once I got into it , I could n't put it down . The lady justly deserves her reputation as a gifted writer.As the commentator Robert Barnard opines at the beginning of the book , Tey 's style is difficult to pigeon hole . I 'd read one other book by her -LRB- Miss Pym Disposes -RRB- and this story was not remotely what I expected . The Daughter of Time -LRB- a title taken from an old proverb , `` Truth is the daughter of time '' -RRB- is a wonderful medley of history , mystery , and theatrical . One can easily see the author 's grounding in the world of the stage.The entire story takes place in a hospital room and in the imagination of its occupant . The action , if you can call it that , comes through the introduction of information by various other characters who aid the invalid , an injured detective from Scotland Yard , in his attempt to discover the true story of Richard the Third-yes that nasty fellow who murdered his nephews in the Tower of London ... or did he ? He pursues the evidence as he would a modern day crime , believing nothing until he can validate it by a primary source . Slowly but surely he builds his case.From the beginning the author has complete control of her reader 's attention-I read the entire book in about 2 hours . After creating the image of the hospital room and the ennui of its occupant , she wastes very little verbage on descriptions beyond creating the personalities of the walk on characters . Most of the focus is on solving the puzzle of the murders and the reality of the time in which all the historical figures lived . One almost has the sense of a stage with the main character addressing his audience with his thoughts when alone or his guests when they make appearances . A spotlight may fall on the actions of the past and their participants briefly , then dissolve as the story progresses to the next fact and how it fits into the tale of the young princes and their uncle . This makes it a rapid and enjoyable read . I 'd love to see it done as a play . It 's set might be very nearly as economical as that for Our Town.A tightly written , well researched work of art . For anyone with an interest in history , mystery and/or the stage , this is the book for you .
 This novel is nore of a historical investigation than a murder mystery . The novel starts out with Inspector Alan Grant recovering form a broken leg . While perusing reading materials he is intrigued by England 's last Plantagenet , King Richard III . Did he murder or arrange the assasination of his two young nephews ? Most of the text which he reads say this is true . He wants to investigate further into the matter . Grant enlists the aid of an American researcher , Brent Carradine.What they find is available to the public . This particular mystery is not so interesting in the conclusion ; but how and why they reached their results . The information is available at all public libraries.Miss Tey has apparent sentiments for Richard III . For myself it was refreshing to read such sentiments . In school years we were taught that King Richard was the `` wicked uncle '' . While studying Shakespeare , there was THAT overdone line beaten like a dead horse -LRB- no pun or whatever intended -RRB- . It was hard to reconcile the historical caricature with the picture on my mother 's book jacket of the biography of Richard III . The drawing seemed to be of an ascetic fine featured and calm intellectual . The book invites us to reasearch and draw our own conclusions.This may not be germane to the novel , but I appreciated Josephine Tey 's portrayal of the American character . Many British writers characterize Americans as loud and slow witted . Carradine is portrayed as a bright and eager assistant.I read this book in the course of 2 days during my beach vacation . It was time well spent .
 `` The Daughter of Time '' is an excellent look into the reign of Richard III and the controversy surrounding the Princes in the Tower . Ms. Tey presents her analytical analysis under the guise of a modern detective story , but in truth this book is an historical analysis of Richard III , his life and his actions . Ms. Tey 's presentation makes this work especially accessible to those who are normally turned off to history . When I read `` The Daughter of Time '' I was struck by her great charecterisations , and the conversations between Grant and Carradine are excellent . For all of you who are only familiar with Shakespeare 's rather diabolical Richard III , this is the book that will cause you to re-assess your opinion of Richard III .
 This remarkable book deserves credit for not only being an intriguing story , but also a novel that is able to make the intricacies of history and medieval politics accessible to the reader . Instead of focusing on long and boring lists of sources , Tey goes into the whys of the mystery as well as the whats . Tey clearly challenges the long -LRB- and unfairly -RRB- established perception of Richard the III by asking one question
 This book , under the guise of being a traditional crime story , unravels one of Britain 's biggest mystery
 This was a fascinating read by Josephine Tey . It is the story of Alan Grant , a policeman with Scotland Yard , who is laid up in the hospital after being injured on the job . A friend brings in a portrait of Richard III and he has a hard time believing that the man in the picture is the horrible , nephew murdering hunchback that he is familiar with . This sparks his interest and to relieve his boredom he takes up the 400 + year old case of Richard III - did he or did he not murder his nephews in the Tower ? He and an American researcher working in the British Museum sort through all the evidence they can get and look at the case through a policeman 's perspective - considering motives , opportunities , written accounts from the times , looking for breaks in the normal routine of the main players , etc. . Grant becomes convinced that , based on the evidence , that Richard did not murder his nephews . In fact , he had absolutely nothing to gain and quite a bit to loose if he did.It should be mentioned that Tey is writing a work of fiction here so I 'm sure some things that did n't fit into her story were most likely left out . But that aside , it is an intriguing look at a man who history has made out to be a horrible monster . One of the points Grant realizes -LRB- and probably the biggest -RRB- is that , basically , history is written by the victors . Anything that might make them , the victors , look bad is going to be changed and anything that can discredit the vanquished will be trumped up as much as possible.Some of the evidence/points that Grant comes across :1 . The accepted history of Richard III was written by Thomas More who was about 8 when Richard was killed AND he was writing for a Tudor King . He certainly was n't going to publish anything that would make Henry VIII 's father look bad . Also , a lot of his information apparently came from a certain John Morton , who hated Richard . -LRB- It should be noted that Shakespeare used More 's account of Richard 's life when writing his play Richard III , which most people today base their idea of Richard on . -RRB- 2 . Richard had declared all of Edward 's children illegitimate but there were still several heirs in line ahead of him and they continued to live happy lives during his reign . No reason to do away with just two of the heirs between him and the throne and leave all the others .3 . When Henry VII was having all of Richard 's crimes laid out never once was the murder of the Princes mentioned . He was n't even accused of it .4 . After Richard took the throne , Elizabeth Woodville came out of sanctuary , her daughters went to Richard 's court , and she wrote to one of her Grey sons in France to come home because Richard would be kind to him . Would she have done this if she thought Richard killed her sons ? 5 . Henry VII , to bolster his claim to the throne after killing Richard , married Elizabeth of York , the sister of the Princes in the Tower . To make her claim to the throne valid , he had to make her -LRB- and ALL her siblings -RRB- legitimate . Once he did that , her brother was the rightful King again.These are just a few of the points Grant considers when he finally comes to his verdict at the end . Some of the information Tey puts into her story certainly will make you think about what you accept as history , especially in a case such as Richard 's . I do wish the story had been longer and more detail given about some of the evidence presented but I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in Richard III .
 In reading the negative reviews here it is clear that there is a great deal of disregard for the facts those same reviewers seem so determined to champion . You will notice that The Daughter of Time is classified as fiction because that is what Tey intended . To criticize its lack of historical veracity is to require that all fiction adhere to some historical yardstick of verifiable fact . Leaving aside the impossibility of `` verifying '' history before allowing anyone to write stories about it , restricting literature to such ridiculous standards misses the very joy of creation -- and disqualifies virtually all fiction ever written.Those who criticize Tey for disregarding Alison Weir 's stellar research might benefit from this bit of research
 A seminal work in British mystery writing -- and an eye-opening look at the murders of the Princes in the Tower . Tey takes almost nothing -- a bored detective and medieval history -- and creates a much more compelling novel than many contemporary mystery/thriller writers do with serial killers , terrorists and unbelievable plots . You have n't read deeply into the British mystery genre until you 've read this one . EXCELLENT !
 ~ - ~ * * * * * Josephine Tey writes clever mystery stories , but this is really very different . It is a `` second look '' at the history of the supposedly villainous King Richard III . It becomes absolutely fascinating and more absorbing than any `` who - dun - it '' . I did n't know the history of Richard , beyond the `` fact '' that he killed the two little princes to secure his hold on the throne . You do n't need to be a history buff - all mystery lovers will enjoy this book ! ~ - ~ The book starts out with Inspector Grant recuperating from an injury , and terribly bored lying in a hospital bed . His lady friend brings him an interesting mix of photographs and portraits to amuse him . Grant occupies his time studying the faces , and testing his skill at recognizing the guilty . He becomes fascinated with the portrait of Richard , who he had n't recognized , and had classified him as a victim , not a killer . He gets more history books to `` remind himself '' of the facts , and finds contradictions and hints that the `` History '' we all believe may be an elaborate lie . . ~ - ~ Following Grant 's hunt for clues , and feeling his suspicion of some of those who survived to `` rewrite '' history is truly a wonderful journey . . This book definitely convinced me that the `` history '' of Richard III needs a second look . * * * * * ~ Whether you 're interested in English history , or just love a good mystery , I definitely recommend this book with 5 stars * * * * * for an absorbing read
 Truth is the daughter of time , and Alan Grant of Scotland Yard can not abandon his relentless pursuit of truth . Even when he is flat on his back , convalescing in a hospital bed , staring at the ceiling and desperate for something to occupy his mind and his time.To amuse him , a friend brings him prints of portraits from the National Gallery -- men , women , and children -- since Grant has a reputation for being able to read a person 's character in his face . Grant is successful in distinguishing offenders from victims , until he reaches the last portrait . A judge ? A soldier ? A prince ? he wonders . The name on the back of the print
 In this 1951 English detective novel , Inspector Alan Grant is laid up in the hospital for a long time to come , courtesy of injuries sustained in pursuit of a suspect , including a broken leg . He is bored beyond belief . Gal pal Marta , a stage actress , decides to entertain him . Knowing his gift as a detective is to read faces , she gets a curator friend to pull prints of portraits in the Victoria and Albert museum , portraits of historically controversial personages . The one that catches his eye is rather benign , and thus he is quite surprised to learn it is that of the real life English monster who stalks children 's textbooks and Shakespeare 's drama , Richard III . Not a hunchback in sight.Richard is notoriously pinned for the death of his nephews , two of the children of his predecessor on the throne , Edward IV . Richard is credited with taking the last of the Plantegenet line , and thus the medieval period of the English monarchy , down with him in 1485 on the battlefield at Bosworth , which also effectively concluded the messy Wars of the Roses and left the country open for the arrival of Henry -LRB- VII -RRB- Tudor from France to usher in what the sweeping generalists call the modern era . With the aid of a young American scholar looking for a cause , Grant applies police logic in determining Richard 's guilt and whodunit . It is no longer a secret that he exonerates Richard , but what continues to dog Tey long after her death -LRB- shortly after this was published -RRB- is who she then points the finger at . People , even grumbling historians who do n't like the fact that a nonprofessional got deep into their territory , either are with her or against her . No one feels indifferent.It 's not just the information that 's good about this book . Tey managed to build the thrill of the research ride into a very well-written book , with high style and great wit . She sorts out a very complicated drama with a huge cast of players with ease . She says a lot about the nature of truth -LRB- which , by the way , is `` the daughter of time '' of an ancient Roman proverb and the source of her title -RRB- , the political nature of reporting and history and about being human .
 Readers of history know that history is never quite what it seems - the old adage about it being written by the winners often applies , and such is the case in The Daughter of Time . I read this classic about ten years ago when the story was new to me , and remember feeling quite confused by the large cast of late medieval characters . When I came across this audio version , I had to give it a listen . Derek Jacobi 's rendition is delightful , breathing life into what can read as mere factual prose . His rendition of the young American researcher reminded me of Jimmy Cagney , but this simply added some levity to an engrossing tale . I 'm convinced - now if YOU want to know whether Richard III was a deformed monster or a maligned monarch , give this entertaining and informative performance of Tey 's well-respected investigation try . It 's stood the test of time .
 Tey 's examination of Richard III centers around the fictional story of a Scotland Yard inspector convalescing in a hospital and bored beyond measure . When a friend brings him prints of faces to study , one captures his eye . He forms a sympathy for the man behind the face , who turns out , to the inspector 's surprise , to be the well-known evil king Richard III . The mystery that centers around the picture is one of the most classic in all history
 This book is largely interesting , to me , because of its perspective on historians . Being married to one , it is fascinating to look at how histories change over time . Our past is fluid , shifting with political tides . A given `` fact '' about history is always suspect , there will almost always be equally suspect sources that say otherwise.This book has little to offer those craving action ; the protagonist is stuck in a hospital bed , pre-television . So he 's stuck reading bad novels until someone brings him interesting portraints to look at . When nobody can identify Richard III 's portrait as that of a cold-blooded murderer , he becomes obsessed as could only someone with a lot of time on his hands -LRB- or a graduate degree to earn -RRB- . Eventually , he begins to collaborate with a graduate student who does the legwork involved in the research to find the truth behind Richard III . The satisfying denouement
 I stumbled upon this book by accident and it turned out to be the best thing I have read for months . I knew little about the princes in the Tower before reading this book , but after the first few pages I was hooked . The characters were well drawn and plausable and it was interesting to examine the likely thoughts and feelings of some of the more obscure characters surrounding Richard III and Henry VII , especially the women.This book works as a mystery story and as a history book and I will certainly read it again .
 I discovered this book as a history major in college sometime in the late 50s . I 've just ordered it in library binding so I 'll always have a copy -LRB- I do n't lend hardbacks ! -RRB- and also in paperback so I 'll have a copy to lend/give . The book should be required reading for every high school student or at least for every college history major . A great lesson in the uses and misuses of historical fact by historians and their employers . And this from one of those historians ! All should know as well that this book resulted in the establishment of an international society -LRB- fan club ? -RRB- for researchers/defenders of Richard III .
 As a novel , this book is rather lame
 The mystery of the two small nephews of Richard III of England , supposedly murdered on his orders , has become the stuff of British history . Richard has come down to us as an evil monarch , most notably through Shakespeare 's eponymous drama and the writings of Thomas More . But Shakespeare wrote his play based on More 's book , and More was hardly a reliable eyewitness to events , being only five years old when they happened . In this highly original novel , Josephine Tey explores the mystery of whodunit from the point of view of a fictional detective , Alan Grant , laid up from a bad fall and bored out of his gourd ; Grant tackles the problem from the cui bono standpoint , namely , who benefitted most from the young princes ' murder ? It surely was n't Richard , who probably had more to lose than to gain from their deaths ; but it did benefit the one whom Tey strongly suspects did have the princes put out of the way , one who had no legitimate claim to the crown at all . Grant and his young American research associate , Brent Carradine , work out the puzzle step by step , coming to a conclusion that satisfies them both . Whether or not it will satisfy the reader will depend on if the reader can let go of some preconceptions that have become engraved in stone . Grant asks himself , can 400,000 history books be wrong ? They probably can , given that history is written by the winners , and Richard III ended his days as one of history 's major losers . If Richard was indeed innocent , then whoever is guilty of having the princes murdered had everything to gain from traducing Richard 's reputation to secure his own place in history and on the British throne . Tey 's book is a well-written , engaging detective novel shedding light in some of the darker corners of the history of the kings of Britain .
 Inspector Grant of Scotland Yard is injured and laid up ... . and bored out of his mind . A friend knows he is interested in faces and brings him a pile of portraits , one of which triggers his interest in the reputed murder of the Little Princes by their uncle Richard , the last Plantagenet to sit on the throne of England . Faced with a disparity between his perception of the man and his reported actions , Grant finds himself compelled to investigate the murders , albeit from a hospital bed four hundred years away.I had heard about this book for years and finally got round to reading it . I am so glad I did . It is a fun armchair mystery about a fascinating subject , Tey introduces enough refutory information to make you want to learn more about Richard III , and all of the characters -- from protagonist Grant to affable walk-ons -- are vivid and memorable.A real pleasure to read .
 I first read this book 25 years ago and after re-reading it recently , I realize that the view of history as put forth by `` Daughter of Time '' , is the view I have carried with me for the last 25 years . After reading the above reviews , I wanted to put my 2 cents in and say that this is the BEST of the Tey books . It is a mystery for history lovers and leaves an impression that other `` light reading '' does not . Josephine Tey is unfortunately gone from us , but this book remains a True Classic .
 It does n't matter if you love mysteries or hate them , you simply must read The Daughter of Time . This is a brilliantly written novel calling into question the legend of Richard III of England as fabricated by his enemies - a hunchback , a killer of innocents and an incarnation of evil . Thoroughly researched and impeccably written , it provides not only a refresher course in English history , but in how all history is created .
 The Daughter of Time by Josephine TeyAlan Grant is in the hospital with a broken leg and concussed spine ; he fell through a trap door when chasing a crook . Bored , he asked for some books and prints . One of those prints has the portrait of Richard III . one of the greatest villains in English history according to the legends . Are histories written by the winners to justify their actions ? Grant develops an interest in English history in general and the time of Richard III . His Parliament was the most liberal and progressive on record ; why was he such a villain ? In Chapter 3 it says that Tyrrell was hanged for smothering the Two Princes after being found guilty and confessing . That should pretty much solve the crime.Thomas More 's `` History of Richard III '' was based on hearsay -LRB- Chapter 7 -RRB- . More got his story from John Morton , a bitter enemy of Richard III . Richard III 's contemporaries did not mention the murder of the Two Princes , not did Henry VII in his Bill of Attainder after Richard III 's death . The conclusion must be that the Two Princes were still alive ! In Chapter 8 Elizabeth Mackintosh misrepresents the Boston Massacre , so I question her story about Tonypandy . -LSB- The Boston Massacre was real . The troops who shot into an unarmed crowd were tried for murder , and acquitted . -RSB- The conversations between Grant and Carradine are used to explain late 15th century history . The Bishop of Bath told of an early marriage of Edward IV that would disinherit Edward 's children , the Two Princes and their sister Elizabeth -LRB- future wife of Henry VII -RRB- . Richard III 's mistake was to pardon Lord Stanley and Bishop Morton -LRB- Chapter 10 -RRB- . Perhaps Richard III was too easy-going with his enemies?Chapter 11 tells about two Scottish women martyrs in a legend that has never been verified . Why did Henry VII order the destruction of Titulus Regius without it being read by Parliament ? Why did nobody speak then about the death of the Two Princes , if it did happen then ? The fact that the murder of the Two Princes was never mentioned while Richard III was alive must mean they were still alive . Grant explained who benefitted from their death -LRB- Chapter 13 -RRB- . Sir James Tyrrell was well-rewarded by Henry VII until a falling-out in 1502 -LRB- Chapter 14 -RRB- . Then he was captured and beheaded without a trial ! The story of a confession came later . Those who had prospered under Richard III died when Henry VII took power . -LSB- The story about Richard III 's `` warm heartedness '' reminds me of Machiavelli 's advice that it is better to be feared than loved . -RSB- Henry VII was the first English king to have a bodyguard -LRB- Chapter 15 -RRB- . They tell of the events of 1486 , when Sir James Tyrrell received a general pardon in June , then a second in July . Henry VII invented the Star Chamber , the classic example of tyranny . Chapter 16 summarizes the known facts . Grant finds Richard III innocent of murdering the Two Princes -LRB- who were obstacles to Henry Tudor -RRB- . There is a surprise in Chapter 17 . Ever since the Stuarts they knew that Richard III was innocent ! Horace Walpole wrote about this in the eighteenth century . So why has the vicious legend kept going ? Blame William Shakespeare and his play . Just as Hollywood created a `` Wild West '' of Cowboys and Indians to hide and obscure the real history of the late 19th century America . Grant explains why the mystery about the deaths suggests Henry VII 's guilt.I wonder why there was no print of Henry VII here ? Richard III has `` quite a nice face , is n't it ? '' Can you judge a person by their looks ? It was the policy of Henry VII to eliminate all rivals to the throne , such as the heirs of York , but few details are given here .
 What happened to Richard III 's nephews ? Josephine Tey takes a look at the tales of Richard , his nephews , and what happened at the Tower of London . Starting with the Richard of Shakespeare and Thomas More , Tey , -LRB- through her bed-ridden detective Grant -RRB- dissects the stories of Richard III and finds a few problems with the Richard III most people are familiar with . Whether this revisionist view of Richard stands up to scrutiny is up to those with more background in this area than me , but I thoroughly enjoyed Tey 's portrayal of the search for truth in the face of legend .
 I own this book in both audio and print form . The audio version -LRB- unabridged -RRB- is read by Royal Shakespeare Company alumnus Derek Jacobi . Anyway ... this book does a marvelous job of debunking some of the common myths about Richard III . Tey 's fictional detective Grant uses actual historical reference material to come to his own determinations about Richard III and the `` princes in the tower . '' For a dedicated Ricardian such as myself , it 's nice to see Richard portrayed in a different light . He was very popular in life , and Tudor historians were the ones who painted him as a deformed villain .
 New York Times August 22 2006 : PLANTAGANET - Richard.Remember before God Richard III , King of England and those who fell at Bosworth Field , having kept the faith , 22 August 1485 . Loyaulte Me Lie
 Shakespeare trashed the reputation of Richard III , and his fictional construct , a hunchbacked sadist , guilty of regicide , infanticide and who knows what else , is the image of the king that 's come down thru time . Josephine Tey crafted a fictional work that takes on the trappings of a mystery , as her protagonist , a Scotland Yard inspector recovering after a recent hospital stay , decides to solve the case of whether the 15th century Richard III truly murdered his young nephews in the Tower of London . As we tag along with this detective while he investigates the facts surrounding an apparent five-hundred-year-old double child murder , we vicariously share the delight he feels as his enlightenment reveals England 's most vilified monarch to be less a cruel usurping tyrant , than a victim of bad press spread against him by the Tudors , the dynasty who defeated Richard 's Yorkist forces and seized the English throne . If anything , we are left feeling it was Henry VII and not Richard III who was the true tyrant and illegitimate king . By the end of this novel , not only is it clear that Richard almost certainly did not kill his brother 's children , but that nearly everything Shakespeare wrote about him , from his being a hunchback , to his sadism , was a lie.The Daughter of Time -LRB- I assume everyone knows how that title came into being -RRB- is at once a delightful character study , a first-class historical research project , and a mystery . It is the kind of book that is a true delight to read and it has the added virtue of making a valid statement on the notion that nothing is so slippery and as what we think we know as good old fashioned fact .
 Today , we type mysteries as `` genre '' writing , and today , it would be just that , `` genre , '' with no worth beyond entertainment value . When Tey wrote , the idea was to write from your heart , to tell a good story , but one which also meant something to you , and which might perhaps broaden the experience and understanding of others . This is a unique mystery , and a teaching aid bar none for history teachers across the country . Besides that , it 's what the Brits call a ripping good read . I read Daughter of Time at the age of 12 , and it formed my ideas and opinions in a hundred different ways , both as a historian and as the citizen of a democracy .
 This book was read to us in English class more years ago than I care to count and it was great to re-visit it on my Kindle . Inspector Grant is bedridden in hospital after an accident and is fed up with staring at the ceiling ; a friend brings him in a selection of portraits , including one of Richard III - best known for supposedly being responsible for the murder of the princes in the tower . Grant 's investigation of this claim using the police methods current at the time proves that there are gaping holes in the prosecution case . A well written , thought provoking and very readable book .
 The Daughter of Timewas the first book that made me take a real look at how history is recorded and the pitfalls of automatically accepting as correct information just because it is printed in a history text.In this book , author Josephine Tey puts the deductive skills of Alan Grant , Scotland Yard Inspector , to the question of the true nature of Richard III and whether he actually killed his nephews , the `` Young Princes '' in the Tower of London in 1483 . Inspector Grant , a character who appears in five additional Tey novels , is hospitalized and confined to bed with a broken leg . Priding himself on being able to determine a person 's nature based strictly upon his appearance , Grant becomes fascinated with a postcard portrait of Richard III who seems to him to be a kind and gentle man unlikely to have committed such a horrendous crime as the murder of his two young nephews.As the novel unfolds , Grant is aided by several friends and an American-born researcher in laying out the case that Richard may have been innocent of the crimes with which he is now so closely associated . Is Richard 's heinous reputation based not in truth , but rather in Tudor propaganda that has grown and twisted over time?Combining elements of both mystery and history , The Daughter of Timeis a beautifully written suspense-filled novel which serves to hold the reader 's attention from beginning to end . Read the book and then examine your own theory on the demise of the `` Princes in the Tower ! '' -LRB- Suitable for Advanced Readers , Teens , YA and Adults ! -RRB-
 How this work could have been any better is beyond me ! I was captivated from beginning to end even though I knew the history . Tey brings together two very different worlds in a way that is fresh , and thrilling , for a reader . This is mystery writing at its finest .
 A mystery story can alter the way you think of historical figures . Richard III , viewed for centuries as a villain , a murderer and a usurper of the crown of England , is presented in a new light . Does history prove the hypothesis correct ? Who knows , but it 'd an interesting premise , is n't it , and a very , very enjoyable read .
 I love everything about this book . I love the pacing , the hilarious comments that you must read carefully to not skim over without catching the joke and the exploration of one of the most intriguing mysteries in English history . Well done !
 Much has been written about the mystery of the little princes in the tower . But this is the best solution yet ! All the traditional assumptions are examined in the light of actual evidence and probability . The contemporary story of the detective and the Research Worker is very good too ; it makes the perfect background to the research presented .
 Very good analysis of Richard III and the Princes in the Tower . What was missing was an analysis is why the princes were n't seen alive after a while and before Henry VII ascended the throne .
 Grant , a British police detective is hospitalized and to pass his time in bed , he receives history books and graphic material to entertain himself . Poring over the stuff , a portrait of Richard III Plantagenet calls his attention so he begins to read about his life and suspects that in spite of what most prestigious historians tell , he was unfairy termed as an ambitious villain who had plot the murder of his two infant nephews so as to be able to succeed his eldest brother , King Edward , to the British throne after his death . And he embarks himself on his way to vindicate Richard and at the same time to debunk a myth using police procedural reasoning throughout the reading of the life of Richard III as told by different historians and the help of a young American working in the British Museum searching for data to clarify doubtful elaborations about Richard alleged misconducts.The plot is pioneer in terms of mystery novel pose , but I warn all readers except those British that you must be very familiar with the History of England as the author assumes you know people and facts that you might not know , get both Richard III and Henry VII biography summaries alongside -LRB- i.e Wikipedia -RRB- to avoid getting stuck . Finally , Grant comes to a conclusion after deep reasoning over the facts presented and analyzed from various sources , in fact he writes a professional report . Was he right after all ?
 `` Truth is the daughter of time , not of authority , '' said Sir Francis Bacon . In Josephine Tey 's 1950s novel , The Daughter of Time , truth is that which Scotland Yard inspector , Alan Grant , has often searched after and found in the faces of criminals . Now he 's laid up in hospital with an injury , and thoroughly bored . Friends try to cheer him with images of famous criminals , but it 's the face of King Richard III that intrigues him , a man who looks more like he belongs on the bench than in the dock . Did Richard really kill the princes in the tower , as English history books have said , or has time made a mockery of truth?Our book group chose this novel to fit the classic and mystery genres , both of which it does well . I was surprised how easily it read and how quickly it absorbed my interest ; the dialog is delightfully real , well-accented , diverse and amusing ; the characters are fun ; the tone is an intriguing mixture of erudite and down-to-earth ; and the history lessons are spot-on . By the end of the book I 'm thinking I might learn to treat history with the same sort of doubt as newspaper accounts , and perhaps that 's no bad thing.Add to this the fact that I 've seen that picture of King Richard III and thought , as does the inspector , that he appears quite a pleasing character , and you 'll know why this book was so hard to put down . I enjoyed the author 's scorn for `` boring '' history , her delight in seeking contemporary corroboration , and her amusing comments on books in general . But most of all I enjoyed a really good read , with a really neat , absorbing mystery at its core.Disclosure
 After recently reading The Sunne In Splendour
 The format of a `` whodunnit '' is admirably suited to Josephine Tey 's critical look at the reign of Richard III , the ambition of Henry VII , and the fact that it 's the winner who writes the history that comes to be accepted as fact , whether or not it is , indeed , factual . This book is an excellent companion-read to Thomas More 's `` History of Richard III '' , puts a new term into my working vocabulary -LRB- `` Tonypandy '' -RRB- , and shows Thomas More to have more -LRB- pun intended -RRB- of an interest in his future employment under Henry VII than he did of his life under Henry VIII . Too bad the image of Richard III on the cover is not the image described in the book ; it would have been better to not put a new cover on this edition -- and that 's my only objection .
 This book gives a framework for value purchasing ; it is not intended to be a detailed how to do it . It is aimed at laying out principles for driving value . Though it needs an update -LRB- especially regarding the technological advancements since 1995 -RRB- , I still use it , especially the chapter on the legal aspects of purchasing .
 After living out of state for far too many years.I purchased Walter Choroszewski 's pictorial essay of Bucks County Pa. . This book recently inspired me to revisit this beautiful county . Mr. Choroszewski 's book includes color photographs of the Delaware River and canal , covered bridges , barns , county and state parks , lakes , historic and modern buildings , water falls , festivals and people.This book show 's a wonderful cross section of Bucks County from Bristol to north of Lake Nockamixon and from the Montgomery County line to the Delaware River . The cover photo is of the Schofield Ford Covered Bridge before its unfortunate demise . I remember taking bike hikes to this bridge as a kid . This book is a `` must have '' for any fan of Bucks County . Ahh , I am seriously thinking of moving back !
 Well illustrated , this classic book , written by a remarkable Egyptologist , is a comprehensible overview of Egyptian civilization . The author discusses the discoveries which led to the beginning of Egyptology ; he presents Egypt 's geography starting with Sudan and Nubia , ending with the Delta ; he describes the history and formation of Egypt from the Predynastic to the Late Periods ; he describes Egyptian social groups from the pharaoh to the peasants . Extensively updated by Egyptologist Aidan Dodson , it is an excellent introduction for all students .
 I recommend Aldred 's `` The Egyptians '' more than Grimal 's book `` A History of Ancient Egypt , '' which is vague and confusing . Aldred 's book is definitely a much better and more reliable introduction to all aspects of this civilization , from history to religion , geography to social ranks .
 `` The Egyptians '' is a wonderful piece , spanning the whole of Egyptian history minus Ptolmiac times , which duly belong more to Greek and Roman history than Egyptian . However , unlike Nicolas Grimal 's `` A History of Ancient Egypt , '' this history is written much better and Cyril 's very formal , yet oddly casuall style makes for quite the enjoyable read . A chapter is spent on Egyptian social classes , ranging from the Pharaoh to the peasantry to slaves , a delightful bite of information concerning Deir el-Medina hidden within . However , I must confess that one of the greatest pleasures came to me when I found among the wonderful plates a long sought after photo of the author , standing in the temple of Seti I at abydos ; I like to have faces to go along with my favorite Egyptological authors . I also send my admonitions to Aidon Dodson for a wonderful job of updating ; he made the book current without undermining Cyril 's style , and nowhere can you for certain know something has been changed .
 This is a good bird 's eye view of the emergence of Egyptian civilization as it appears almost in parallel to the rise of the Sumerian world . The earliest period of Egyptian civilization after the unification of the upper and lower kingdoms is , as Aldred suggests , the most creative , and the entire cycle of civilization stretches as long as the period in our tradition from the Classical Greeks to modern times , a tremendous range , with an amazing overall continuity . A closer look shows the change in character of the civilization and many interior transformations . This account is a fine beginning to Egyptian history . To the ancient Greeks this world was what they meant by ` ancient '
 `` The Egyptians '' is a wonderful piece , spanning the whole of Egyptian history minus Ptolmiac times , which duly belong more to Greek and Roman history than to Egyptian . However , unlike Nicolas Grimal 's `` A History of Ancient Egypt , '' this work is written much better and Cyril 's very formal , yet oddly casual style makes for quite the enjoyable read . A chapter is spent on Egyptian social classes , ranging from the Pharaoh to the peasantry to slaves , a delightful bite of information concerning Deir el-Medina hidden within . However , I must confess that one of the greatest pleasures came to me when I found among the wonderful plates a long sought after photo of the author , standing in the temple of Seti I at abydos ; I like to have faces to go along with my favorite Egyptological authors . I also send my admonitions to Aidon Dodson for a wonderful job of updating ; he made the book current without undermining Cyril 's style , and nowhere can you detect his presence save for his well-said preface .
 this book has 14 chapters the loss and recovery of pagan egypt , the ancient places , the natural resources , the settlement of egypt , predynastic egypt , the archaic period the pyrimid age of the old kingdom 1 and 2 , the first intermediate period , the middle kingdom , the second intermadiate period , the new kingdom , the third intermediate period , and egyptian social groups . when i bought this book i thought it would more about the people but found that it was more about the times , i was alittle upset but i found this book to be one of the best books i have yet to buy . but if you are looking for books more about people joyce tyldesley is another great writer who has books on women in generl , hatchepsut , and nefertiti . but i really do think you should buy this book its great .
 I received the book the following day and it was in excellent codition . I could not have asked for anything better , even if I had gone directly to a store and picked the books out myself .
 My Memoir gives a good first hand account of Edith Bolling Wilson 's life . I read it for work . It would not have been a choice just for a pleasure read . Very 1930s style .
 The best English lexicon of biblical Hebrew & Aramaic , KBL is also easier to use than the classic BDB . Words are listed alphabetically , rather than grouped by root , with cross-references to other words from the same root -LRB- no more trying to figure out a noun 's putative `` verbal root '' -RRB- . Akkadian tends to dominate the etymological information , rather than Arabic -RRB- , along with Ugaritic . Glosses tend to be traditional , although references within the articles and the extensive supplementary bibliography -LRB- 84 pages ; alphabetically by author -RRB- allow you to find narrative lexical discussions . The Aramaic section is outstanding , with citations ranging far beyond biblical Aramaic . Although some might be tempted to begin with an `` intermediate '' lexicon such as Holladay , KBL 's layout , clarity , and wealth of information makes this appropriate for both beginning students , pastors , teachers , and other scholars .
 This lexicon should be in the library of anyone seeking to understand the deeper meanings of Hebrew words in Tanach . No one text stands alone in that regard ; however , it is felt that Koehler - Baumgartner is indispensable for any serious student of Biblical Hebrew , and everyone is a student of this wonderful language . The 2-volume unabridged study edition is affordable and is more space efficient on the shelf . Buy this one with confidence .
 The Missionary 's Position by Gary Buslik . Sunny Books , New York , NY . 1999 . 300 pp . $ 12.95 trade paper.The author claims to have gotten the inspiration for writing his humorous novel The Missionary 's Position from being hit on the head with a coconut while vacationing on a Caribbean island . Set on two fictional Caribbean-like islands named Snow and St. Ursula , the novel follows the adventures -- misadventures -- of a zany cast of characters including the director of a local historical society , Philip Doyle ; the fantastically wealthy Roberta Gibbleman and her mischievous daughter Wendy ; and the comical despot Austin Sewer . The foil for setting these and related characters scheming and vying with one another is the competition between Doyle and Sewer to make their respective islands of Snow and St. Ursula the leading tourist attraction . A travel writer turning to fiction with this novel , Buslik hits just the right note in humorously portraying the carefree , gay ambience of a Caribbean island vacation spot and the casual , insouciant , dreamy but feckless behavior of its inhabitants . Page after page his writing is fresh and light-spirited -- making The Missionary 's Position ideal summer beach or travel-cruise reading.Henry Berry , Book Reviewer Editor/Publisher , The Small Press Book Review
 Combines amazing literary skill with an outlandish , sneaky sense of humor which will have you laughing out loud . Images of the Caribbean , and Buslik 's very colorful and satirical characters come alive . It 's action packed , with enough twists and turns to keep you turning the pages like a high speed robot . I am buying this book for a friend of mine who is heading for Barbados .
 Not usually a binge reader , I devoured this entertaining book in a little over a weekend , unable -LRB- or just unwilling -RRB- to put it down . I simply did not want to leave the island of Snow . The characters are definitely quirky , but Buslik keeps them believable , and consistent with themselves . The writing itself is smooth , with an intelligence and cleverness that never struck me as arrogant or clever for clever 's sake -LRB- and actually managed to make me chuckle out loud at times , which I do n't often do when reading -RRB- . I 've never been to the Caribbean , but suspect the details offered of the setting will please those who have . It has certainly made me want to plan a trip . I can not figure out a way to discuss the plot without giving something away , but it definitely kept moving and held my interest and attention throughout . Lost me only briefly at one point -LRB- in terms of believability -RRB- , but pulled me right back in very quickly . Overall , an off-beat and highly entertaining book .
 Facsinating new author Gary Buslik bursts onto the literary scene with `` The Missionary 's Position '' , a completely delightful read . Buslik 's descriptions of the story 's tropical setting are intriguing , always lively and very accurate I 'm sure -LRB- based on the fact Buslik shows up here on local Chicago radio 's Travel Doctor as the Caribbean travel expert -RRB- . Buslik demonstrates a skillful hand while illustrating the foibles and comic situations in this engaging story . I laughed often while reading the dialogue between the despot Sewer and the Gibbleman brat . Buslik has a terrific knack for writing dialogue and should write this book 's script if it should come to bear Hollywood fruit . Read this book and have a great time , it 's so much better than the majority of so-called Hollywood entertainment now playing . Buslik 's plot is fresh and I 'm hoping this highly original story has it 's day on the big screen very , very soon .
 For those who do n't want to spend years in Applied Linguistics classes -LRB- I used to teach the subject -RRB- , who have read `` What To Say When You Talk To Yourself , '' and who do n't want to wade through the philosophical mire of the Seth books and other similar pedantic tomes again , this little blue book is for you.In one hour the reader can learn , through easily read text and simple to remember graphics , the basics of how our beliefs create our thoughts , and in turn , how our thoughts create our experiences . Written in a modern , upbeat , non-metaphysical style , Mr. Doyle says what needs to be said without any gingerbread . The exercises are simple and incredibly enlightening.I passed this book around my circle of colleagues , and most said something to the effect of `` I wish I were teaching THIS ! It 's about how to deal with oneself in the real world , which we all need to know before tackling chemistry or English or sports . `` I 've read all the texts and taught many , both good and not-so-good , and Mr. Doyle 's `` little '' book is the best .
 In Before You Think Another Thought , Bruce I. Doyle III , writes that `` thoughts and beliefs are the basic elements of all creation . They exist as tiny waves of energy called thoughtforms , whose sole purpose is to carry out the intent of the thinker . '' He further explains that the lives we live , whether happy or miserable , are the direct result of what we think.Doyle uses real-life situations to show how our underlying `` core '' beliefs are developed , and how thoughtforms are created that support those beliefs . The thoughts and beliefs lead to feelings , which then lead to reactions . Those reactions determine our life 's experience , leading Doyle to maintain that `` beliefs determine experience . `` He says `` the good news is that with the recognition that you are creating your own life , you can start taking charge -- as the designer of your life , no longer a victim of life 's random circumstances . You become self-responsible . '' He explains how developing a positive attitude can change beliefs , and thus change experiences . He offers suggestions for developing positive attitudes so as to get whatever it is that you want from life.He adds that we ca n't avoid unpleasant feelings , but we can experience them , and then move on . They do n't have to hold us back unless we think they do . He also says that we need to be patient , as `` everything in your life will -LSB- not -RSB- change miraculously overnight . `` The appendix includes exercises for recognizing and removing your limiting beliefs and thoughtforms.Doyle says that `` every one of our thoughts is a thread in the fabric of what we experience in our lives . And each one of us weaves our own cloth . '' In Before You Think Another Thought , he offers readers `` new insights into achieving the life you deserve '' by teaching them how to transform their negative thoughts and beliefs into positive life experiences .
 This book is the most exciting and refreshing eye opener for me in 10 years . Some people say you have to see it before you believe it . I know that the way the universe and real life works is that you must first believe and visualize positive thoughts in order to see them created . This is the first step for people seeking to end hopelessness and self-pity . Do n't overemphasize the negative elements of your life . Give more weight to positive and simple pleasures of life . This book would make an excellent gift to graduating seniors .
 Before You Think Another Thought
 This book is for those who truly want to take RESPONSIBILITY for their lives . So that means , one does not just read the book once and put it on the shelf to collect dust . This little guide is full of information and tools which one constantly needs to refer to and use on a regular basis . When I feel `` stuck '' , I ask myself `` what am I doing to create what is occuring at this point in time ? '' Sometimes I have to refer to a certain chapter in the book and , combined with some introspection and self-discovery , I usually find my answer and move forward ! Since reading this book , I have become increasingly aware of my ` limiting ' thoughts -LRB- when they occur -RRB- and now have the tools to eliminate them ! Thanks to the author for sharing some of his personal experiences and for caring enough to write such an easy-reading , enligtening book ! I sincerely hope he is working on Part II ! I have a lot of `` living '' to do and intend to enjoy every moment !
 This is a basic book on how your thoughts are vibrations . They vibrate out into the Universe and you get exactly what you vibrate . This is a good book to carry around in a purse or pocket to remind yourself of this simple Law of Attraction .
 What I like about this book is its brevity . It teaches the same things as the other metaphysical books , but with fewer words . Examples would be like the acronym F.E.A.R. , false evidense appearing real ; what you think about expands ; staying positive and removing limiting beliefs by replacing them with a corresponding empowering belief . Example would be `` I am a good speller '' instead of `` I am a bad speller . '' If you do n't want to wade through thousands of words on metaphysical truths but would rather have the short , abridged version of metaphysical self help , then buy this . Also Maxwell Maltz 's book called Psycho-Cybernetics which I think was published back in 1960 would be a good complement to this one .
 Short and sweet . As other reviews point out , yes , this may not have anything new , but it is written so well and so simply , that all you 've read before finally sinks in !
 Before You Think Another Thought is short , insightful and to the point . It is easy to read and the thought process is well developed.There is no question that your circumstances are a direct result of your thought process . While this is a difficult concept for most folks to grasp , it is true and Doyle does a good job of leading the reader to this conclusion.The book is written in simple terms and has a fairly good set of exercises in the appendix.While the concepts are simple , like any process that requires you to change , they are not necessaily easy . In fact the author cautions against trying to make massive changes in your life . Rather giving the sound advice of taking small steps and making one change at a time.These concepts are not new . But they are presented in a fresh and easy to understand manner and can serve as a great way to reinforce what you may have been taught by others.It is certainly worth reading .
 Although `` Before you Think Another Thought '' is a relatively small book -LRB- less than 125 pages -RRB- , it 's filled with amazing and easy to understand insights about how our underlying beliefs are creating our experiences on a daily basis.The best news is that , although our limiting beliefs have had a great impact on our lives so far , once we identify & explore them , we have the ability to CHOOSE whether or not to keep them as they are , or to change them . If we choose to change them , and replace them with an empowering belief , our lives will begin to change.Mr . Doyle has included many great illustrations & examples to help the reader better grasp the ideas he presents , and has also included an appendix that includes several tools for identifying , exploring and changing our limited underlying beliefs.Overall , I found this to be an interesting , easy to read book with far reaching implications . I would highly recommend it !
 This book is short , yet it describes the relationship between our thought , feeling and behavior very correctly . I like the part that our thoughts actually determine our perception and our life . Also , the fact that it is not authored by a star author proves the fact that all of us can have good thoughts and good results , if we put them into practise.AndyTheCoachAsia Coaching TrainingSingapore , Asia
 Interesting little book , full of insightful information . Thoughtforms as radio waves and how they go about there business was a fascinating way of explaining the authors point . Obviously there are many twist and turns to many books talking about the same thing but this book was well worth the read and purchase price .
 easy to understand , easy to apply , easy to get results wow ! what a great little book , get copies for your loved ones .
 The book came quickly as I wanted . I was very happy with the service .
 Excellent , profound , and illuminating . This book provides an easy-to-grasp explanation of what governs our experiences in life . It also provides a simple method to quickly eliminate and replace our unpleasant experiences with what we really want . More than a book , it is a manual for better living that you will want to refer to on a regular basis .
 Before You Think Another Thought is a very concise and succinct presentation illuminating how our thoughts and beliefs create our life , followed by how our beliefs then shape our experiences . Dr. Doyle presents very useful tools with excellent insights . I also appreciated his candor with real-life situations and empowering personal examples.Points to ponder and simplicity at it 's finest : * Thoughtforms exist to fulfill their intent . * Thoughtforms attract similar thoughtforms . * Thoughts that I accept as true become my beliefs . * Beliefs determine my experience.Doyle 's contribution simplifies what can be a complex subject on how we create our reality and how our beliefs impact our life experiences . I would love to see this book introduced into our entire educational system as a basic premise for the law of attraction in action . This leading edge material was shared long before the Secret became a global phenomena . I highly recommend this book ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This book is a great starting place for building a happier and fuller life . I particularly enjoy the idea of taking charge of my own life . What it did n't seem to give me was a hands on system for creating my success.If you like this book , you love `` I 'm Rich Byond My Wildest Dreams . I am . I am . I am . '' By Thomas L. Pauley and Penelope Pauley . It did give me that step-by-step system I was looking for .
 `` When you realize that your thoughts and beliefs determine what you experience , you 're on your way to having mastery over your life `` Interesting quote for this easy to read THOUGHT guide . Overall great book , easy to read , easy to understand , easy to implement.Some key points :1 . Answers the HOW it works , and WHAT it is ... simple but incredibly necessary2 . Visual learners will appreciate the simple `` illustrations '' that aid in making the text come to life3 . Technical `` big word '' learners may find this book simplistic and non challengingOverall
 This is a wonderful little book that I will continue to reference for the rest of my life . I 'm a believer in the idea that what you focus on expands and I 've read a lot of books over the years about how to maintain a frame of mind that facilitates making my life is what I want it to be . But this book was a little different in that it goes into how our belief system influences our thinking and actions . This belief system is usually something that we have dragged from childhood and probably no longer serves our adult lives . I recommend this book to anyone who is looking for tools to examine their belief system and change the beliefs that are no longer serving you . This is always an ongoing process and this book gives you a concise and clear system to use .
 I like this easy-reading book , because it is one-hour reading and a beautiful give-away ! After you have read it you start thinking about it ... and that takes more than one hour !
 This is an excellent book to focus your life on things that will lead to positive outcomes.The book is flat out excellent but when you start using it to change yourself you may be overwhelmed at the task .
 The Work of Byron Katie , The Four Agreements , Eckhart Tolle , and Abraham all rolled into one very short , concise easy to read book . The author includes some exercises to help you change your beliefs and your life !
 I enjoyed the book , it was easy reading , and it helped to clarify why I keep getting the same results in my life .
 When it comes to defining a woman 's role , PAST TENSE has blown through the glass ceiling ! Both the protagonist and antagonist are dynamic and determined ... equal opponents squaring off in a fast-paced , tension-filled arena . I loved the wonderful mix of humor , tension , passion , and surprises ! Ca n't wait to see what the author writes next !
 `` Past Tense is a thoroughly satisfying read , filled with passion , wit , and heart-warming characters . I could n't put it down until the very last page . ''
 The style is fresh and charming , peppered with dazzling metaphors . The plot never let me off the hook . It had me smiling with pleasure , shivering with anticipation or crying tears of emotion . Dana is portrayed as a person with many facets . The chemistry between Dana and Patrick is riveting and Dana 's gentle love for her handicapped son got under my skin . A great book .
 I have read Ms. Gettys ' book , Past Tense , and found it to be an excellent read . The dialogue is crisp and tells the story without a lot of discriptive phrases . Her storyline is a good one and I found I could not put the book down and leave it for very long . I was anxious to see `` what happens now ? '' . Ms. Gettys did an excellent job of completing all of the story lines . The reader is not left wondering what happened to this situation or that conflict . I am looking forward to reading more books by this author .
 I am the author of this book . It is no longer being printed . I gave it only four stars because its 2009 successor is deserving of five stars.Go to the following Amazon.com page to see West Side Publishing 's `` Armchair Reader
 A must for writers and editors .
 Sylvester was a beloved figure inside his circle of admirers ; he received cautious regard at best from outside that circle . Now , along comes a long overdue biography , and what a volume . The timing could n't be more right , as the US has finally put to rest most of the putrid disco backlash . In the stores are not only decent compilations of the disco music but also books like this one that reflect the reality of the subculture . Not the bandwagon that pop radio jumped on , not the Arthur-Murray style competitions , not the faux-glamour suburban nightclubs , but the real deal . Sylvester was both artist and participant in the disco culture -- singer , performance artist , club dancer . The author of this book captures Sylvester in all his complexity and drives home the important part he played in the subculture that was disco.Gamson is an academic , which means that he has been thorough in locating good sources of information . He seemed to have access to so many of the important persons and institutions that played a part in Sylvester 's life . He is able to provide a well-rounded depiction of the man 's personality , warts and all . He does a good job laying out the formative experiences in this colorful life , be it a mother who role-modeled an imperious love of fashion but later derided a child who followed her example , or a church community that would exploit Sylvester 's temperament but denounce him for acts its other members could get away with if they kept hypocritically silent . Sylvester 's complicated relationship to the gay community of 70s San Francisco is fascinating . The author does a great job bringing all the early elements around in the end of the book , showing how lasting the formative events are and how much a person can fill in the voids during adulthood.Gamson is more than an academic , however . He is also an entertaining writer and he takes in this book a great tone that fits his subject . He does n't shy away from any aspects of the life he is depicting . The sex , the slang , the drugs , the erratic behavior , the fun , the bonds , and the subculture 's differing values all sparkle like one of Sylvester 's jackets . There is no stuffy ivory-tower writing here . Gamson can be as breezy in tone as Sylvester , but he does n't pander . In fact , among the disco-oriented books that have come out over the last six years , this volume is as well-produced as that other benchmark of writing , * Last Night A DJ Saved My Life * . The 60s teen drag scene , the 1970-era Cockettes , the rock-and-blues recording phase , the disco about which Sylvester had conflicted feelings ; then the Hi NRG and activism phases -- all of these are given sharp observation and each makes for vibrant reading material . Gamson covers nearly all the bases , including the way the drag-loving Sylvester was an open mark for a defrauding imposter . It was great to learn how the disco albums came about , and what the exact roles of the band , producers , and record-label suits were . The only omission I found was Sylvester 's collaboration with jazzist Herbie Hancock in the 1981 album Magic Windows . Otherwise , Gamson covered all the personal , community , and musical bases.This was great reading for someone like me , familiar with both Sylvester and the 70s ; I think the book would appeal to anyone with an open mind who is interested in a character who will swim against the current if he is so created .
 When I read author Joshua Gamson 's bio blurb , I feared that THE FABULOUS SYLVESTER was going to be a mundane recounting of an outsized life . I had no reason to worry , as Gamson 's writing is easily as rollicking as Sylvester 's life . Ultimately the author pays the greatest tribute to his subject by not only capturing the man and his incarnations , but by doing so in a way that is as entertaining as a Sylvester concert must have been.Gamson is able to put Sylvester 's life into the context of the times , -LRB- and while doing so , we see a vivid portrait of Los Angeles and San Francisco , the rise of gay culture and the shattering reality of AIDS -RRB- and that life was a breathing metaphor for the real heartbeat of San Francisco and the gay dance culture that would be coopted by middle American pop . He is able to convey the drug-affected recollections of some of his interviewees by subtly warning the reader of the time and chemical infected haze through which their recollections were culled without insulting his subjects , he is able to recreate scenes with color and humor , and achieves something nearly impossible in biography ... his work is more cinema than written word.The bottom line of this read is that Sylvester is given the historical credit he is due . He was androgynous before Bowie , and out-discoed Donna Summer . He had the courage to be true to himself in a culture that was n't ready for him , he understood some audiences who did n't understand him in return . His life force was enormous , he was greatly flawed , but as with all true divas , being fabulous trumps everything else.Sylvester , and this book , are indeed , fabulous .
 A great fast read . I loved the book . It 's a good look at the San Francisco Music BIZ . And what was going on in San Francisco at the time when DISCO hit big . I lived it and almost all of it is true . Joshua Gamson did a wonderful job . Buy this book ! John Hedges
 This is an incredibly layered yet elegantly beautiful book . Sylvester 's life is unwrapped before the reader 's eyes . It reads at once like a loving biography of a friend lost and social history of a community still grappling with who and what we are . The author gracefully enmeshes Sylvester 's glamour with the electricity of a generation on acid and the sadness of an era lost to AIDS and Reagan . I found myself reveling in all the creative fierceness that consumed Sylvester . The Fabulous Sylvester brilliantly examines the productive power of fame and , in doing so , offers us an inspiring glimpse of how truly revolutionary queering gender can be .
 I knew Sylvester , and when this book came out , I could n't get my hands on it fast enough . And was it ever worth it ! The writer portrays this man as the force of nature he was , hugely talented , original , completely comfortable with himself , a performer par excellence with a voice almost unearthly in its range and power . The author tells it as it was , without sentiment , gush or embellishment , and manages to convey Sylvester 's self-confidence , conviction , self-awareness , generosity , tremendous sweetness and extraordinary talent without hype and with acute accuracy . There was only one Sylvester ; he was unforgettable to everyone who knew him , and now , thanks to Joshua Gamson , those who never knew him will have a chance to experience a genuine original and a natural star . -LRB- And up until Sylvester , I loathed disco - he turned that whole thing around and made it gospel music . -RRB- Thank you , Mr. , Gamson - you did a great job ! Sylvester would be thrilled .
 Sylvester was ` bigger ' than fabulous and Joshua Gamson 's bio reveals the truth behind the incredibly talented singer . Gamson 's biography of the unusual and lovable talent rings true and is consistently level headed without drama . There was plenty of that in Sylvester 's life alone ! It 's amazing that it took this story so long to be told , but it is a great one about the golden gay mecca before it turned into the gay refugee camp . Sylvester is accurately portrayed as the virtual overnight sensation `` queen of disco '' . He is shown as having had a heart of gold and the simple determination of being who he was - a great icon without regrets . Gamson should be commended for writing a long-awaited biography that is fair and balanced , representing a time that started with such great innocence and fun . It is worth mentioning that Rolling Stone magazine reviewed Sylvester 's first album and stated , `` if you have to listen to disco , it does n't get better than this '' . No kidding .
 Magic happens where reality and fantasy overlap . It 's a space that dance music star Sylvester effortlessly occupied during the outrageous and flamboyant club scene of the mid-70s to early 80s , when those lines were happily blurred on a nightly basis.Gamson does an excellent job of showing Sylvester 's ` six-degrees of separation ' influence - he worked with emerging stars like Bette Midler , Patti LaBelle , The Weather Girls -LRB- `` It 's Raining Men '' -RRB- , American Idol judge Randy Jackson and Patrick Cowley -LRB- Megatone Records -RRB- . By focusing mainly on Sylvester , Gamson gives the reader an inside look and feel of the gay club scene that was a mix of Broadway and Bowery Row . Sylvester epitomized that drama and contrast with his falsetto voice but powerful vocals and androgynous but commanding stage presence . He created a propulsive musical genre -LRB- `` Do Ya Wan na Funk ? '' `` You Make Me Feel '' -RRB- that defined the era 's manic , raw and pulsating energy.AIDS turned the party lethal , killing off both his audience and the mood for high energy music . Soon , Sylvester , along with hundreds of others in the arts and entertainment community , was dead . There are lots of devil-may-care musicians whose audiences escape through their lives and music , but there will probably never again be a time when the audience and the artist were so intimately in synch , both feeling and living the beat .
 I enjoyed this book so much that I read it twice , then a year later , read it again !! -- FANTASTIC !! It captures the times , the people , places and things thatmade Sylvester , San Francisco , that music and that erasuch a golden & magical time!I love the stories of the young Sylvester growing up inSouth Central L.A. in the 50 's and 60 's , FLAMING THE CHILDREN !! Giving them fabulousness and outrageousness at every turn , from his soul-stirring falsetto rendition of the black gospelclassic `` Never Grow Old '' , to the rawkus `` DISQUOTAYS '' , a rag-taggang of young black drag queens that he hung out with , to theoff-the-charts outfits that must 've stopped traffic inthe hood big time ! -LRB- LOL !! -RRB- It was evident to all who knew him even then , that thispretty black child with the high voice was way differentand way way special !! -LRB- - : Some did n't know how to take Sylvester or even know what todo with him , yet he pressed on ! -- Carving out his own spacewithin the harsh realities of ghetto life as best he could.Sylvester was a true pioneer in every way!He did n't see race , gender , the expectations of others , the taunts of hateful & ignorant people , etc. , as obstacles or boundaries he needed to respect.He was a true original ! -- Uncut , undiluted , young , black , gay , gifted , stylish , full of charm and ambition , with the soul of a torch singer or a blues shouterinfused by a rock-n-roll rebel spirit and soul singer 's chops!What a combination!I myself can attest to Sylvester 's impact , as both a fanand as young gay black kid who was coming of age and intoself-awareness at the very time that his star was reaching it 's zenith!I had just started partying and experimenting sexually bythe age of 14 in 1978 when `` Dance -LRB- Disco Heat -RRB- '' and `` You Make Me Feel -LRB- Mighty Real ! -RRB- '' burst onto the music charts , in the clubs and in house parties across the countryand eventually , the world!I could n't yet get into the disco clubs , but oh boy ! -- I could sure get into house parties!I was hanging out with people who were 5 to 10 yrs olderthan me and I was learning MANY INTERESTING THINGS !! < G > Of course , back then you had `` FAIRY GODMUTHAZ '' , older gayswho would take us young `` up & comings '' under their chiffon wingsand school us on the do 's and do n't 's of gay life , sex & survivalin the late 70 's and early 80 's !! PRE-AIDS and in the last writhing throws of the SEXUAL REVOLUTION , it was a great time to be alive!I grew up in the south during this time , which already hadit 's issues with race and sexuality , so the gay world of that time , on that end of the country , was still very underground , hypocritcal and always hush-hush !! There were a lot of secret stares , codes , slangs , etc.to let those who needed to know , what you wanted them to know.But though it was very repressed and subterfuge , MAN , DID WE HAVE SOME FUN TIMES IN OUR LITTLE NETHERWORLD !! And yes , as is now , back then , straight men did ventureinto our world quite frequently !! Anywayz , enter THE FABULOUS SYLVESTER from the legendaryand exotically far reaches of a city they called `` the gay shangri-la '' ... aka SAN FRANCISCO !! It was the summer of 1978 , and here was this strong , proud , black , beautiful , talented , androgynous gay mantelling us , by the very nature of his exsistence , that it was not only alright to be what you were outin full view of the world , but it was also our dutyto be FABULOUS & JOYOUS !! -LRB- - : Sylvester was more than just a disco diva , HE WAS A WHOLE MOVEMENT !! -- Every time he would perform , it was part church revival , part circus , part drag pageantand part gay pride celebration !! TRUE STORY !! -- Picture It !! -- Greenville , SC in May of 1979 ... I had just turned 15 yrs old , and me and two young gay freindsof mine , one 16 and one 18 , hear through the grapevinethat none other than THE FABULOUS SYLVESTER would be appearingat a club called SAN SOUCCI 's in Atlanta , GA -LRB- which was 200 + miles way , and well on it 's way to becomingthe southern San Francisco ! -RRB- and we go absolutely nuts!It becomes our mission , our sole purpose for exsisting !! Our quest , to somehow , obtain fake ID 's , fabulous disco-eraoutfits replete with lots of glitter , dripping foxtailsoff the lapels & double belts , shoes called `` crayons `` that had a clear amber heel that had lights in them thatblinked in rhythm as you danced your booty off on the dancefloor , either Sassoon or Jordache jeans which had a littlestretch fabric blended in with the denim to hug your firmperky teen-aged azz and tiny waist to perfection , outlining your package in the front , and makingthe local guys salivate with lust over a hot pieceof TENDERONI like you ! -LRB- LOL !! -- we were too much ! -RRB- We pooled our allowances , our summer jobs , etc. toobtain tickets through an older bisexual cousin of minewho lived down in Atlanta at the time , who also arrangedthe fake ID 's as well.Keep in mind , I had just turned 15 , one freind was 16and the other was 18 ... none of our parents even knewwe were gay , and there was no way in the hellthat they would 've sanctioned us -LRB- under-aged -RRB- going all that way to Atlanta ... and to see thisgender-inspecific weirdo named SYLVESTER !! -LRB- Boy George and Ru Paul were still a ways off yet ! -RRB- So me and my freinds , being rife with teenaged angst , secretiveness and resourcefulness , concoct the half-bakedscheme to hitchhike from Greenville to Atlanta with dufflebags in tow filled with our outfits , toiletries , etc. , use our fake ID 's to get into the club and party withSylvester & Two Tons O ' Fun into the wee hours , get my older bi cousin to rent us a hotel room in Atlanta , have us a slam bang good time with some local fellazovernight and then hitch it back to Greenville by Sundayevening before 5 pm !! -LRB- LMAO !! -RRB- Anywayz , long story short , as is with all half-cockedand scantily thought out teenaged schemes , we did pull it off , got in the club and got down with Sylvester , got high , got the boys , got the hotel room , etc.But what we did n't bargain on was our mothers not being bornyesterday and the loose lips of the jealous young queenswho wished they had the balls to pull off what we did ! -LRB- We got ratted out big time ! -RRB- We also had a hell of a time trying to hitch it backfrom Atlanta to Greenville on a Sunday morning , and afterour mothers up in SC found out what we had done , they got in a car and headed for us like heat-seeking/search & destroy SCUD missles with fire in their eyes!Man , did we get our teenage closeted gay behinds handed to us!My older cousin caught it too from my uncle in Atlantafor his hand in our scheme , and we did n't even havetime to put concealer on over the many `` hickies '' on ournecks and chests from our Atlanta frollick in the hotelfrom the night before ! Boy , it was a mess!We wound up being forced out of the closet to our mothers -LRB- which was then a horror to them ! -RRB- We were all immediately grounded for a month to our respectiveresidences , were banned from socializing with each other , -LRB- which we still would sneak and hang out ! -RRB- and we all gotthe butt whippings of our young lives ! -LRB- Yes , parents still whipped butt back in those days ! -RRB- BUT OH MAN ! -- We did n't care!It was well worth it , because we got to see THE GODDESS , THE DISCO DIVA ... SYLVESTER , live and upclose !! -LRB- LOL !! -RRB- Now , here I sit ... a 44 yr old , well-traveled , successful , proud and fortunate gay black man who has had my fun , relished the memories of those far away magical days , and if there is any bittersweetness to the story , it 's that I have outlived not only my two freinds fromthat teenaged excursion , but Sylvester and about 30 morefreinds and acquaintances from the late 70 ` sto the mid 90 's ... all lost to the scourge of AIDS.As we grow older , we reflect and long for things thatwere familiar to our particular generation as things arebeing torn down , people die or move , and the world ofour past is erased . This wonderful book , along withSylvester 's music playing in the background as I wasreading it , brought all the magic back for awhile!This book would make an excellent movie and I hope someonewill make it happen someday in the near future.In the meantime , enjoy the book folks!R.I.P . To Sylvester , Izora Rhodes , Patrick Cowley , and to all my freinds and acquaintances who have madetheir transitions in the prime of their lives ! -- I 'll see you again one day !! LOVE & PEACE 2 ALL !!
 this Book was on right on time . Sylvester was something else back in the day as a artist and very Open about his sexuality . He did n't back down from anything . His voice was the truth and very soulful . this Book explores his whole career and thensome and the many other artists he encountered and how important they were , etc. . . this book takes you back to a time period when so much was happening . a must read and it is very well written and is a real page turner .
 I loved this book . It went way beyond my expectations on a couple of different levels . It is a beautifully written biography of Sylvester as an individual but it was also the best description of San Francisco gay life of the late 60 's through early 80 's that I have ever read . As one that was gay and lived in San Francisco during this time period , this book was especialy poignant . There are so few people I know that were gay and lived in SF during this time period that survived AIDS . Most are dead . This book documents memories that would otherwise be lost . For many years when I thought about the Palace theater and the Cockettes and Sylvester singing witht the Pointer Sisters doing backup , it almost felt like it had all been just a dream . I have often tried to find others that were there that first night Sylvester sang with the hot band at the Palace . Was it real ? This book confirmed for me that yes , it was real . I loved seeing the names of bars and clubs like The City , Caberet , The Shed , The Palms , etc , remembered by someone else and put on paper and made real for all time . I loved remembering the gay parades and the shows at the Galleria . Wow . We really did have fun . The last chapter was very difficult to read through the tears and sobs . I had to stop several times and dry my eyes before I could continue . I was sad for Sylvester . I was sad for so many that had died . I was sad for the end of such an incredible , amazing , FABULOUS era . This book is just wonderful for all those things and I am thankful for it .
 Joshua Gamson took the reader on a magical journey of Sylvester 's glitter world of music , sex , and drugs with the abandonment that was the time of the 70 's . Sadly , there was no gold at the end of the rainbow and we , like Sylvester , saw the decline with terrible retribution.I highly recommend this book ; it 's a quick read and you wo n't be able to put it down .
 I had read this book about two years ago , then I had the opportunity to meet Sylvester 's sister BJ who is mentioned throughout the book . It re-opened my interest is such an amazing life . What I enjoyed most and related to was a message that Sylvester tried to send tot he gay community . STOP HATING inside your own world . The INTRA-Discriminantion of hyper masculine gays versus feminine gays was rampant in San Francisco and is still very rampant today.There are enough straight people hating on gays , stop doing it to ourselves . We are different . Embrace each other for that uniqueness . If I wan na wear a skirt & make-up on Monday and a suit & beard on Tuesday , ... Ai n't Nobody Business if I do !
 I 've learned many things reading The Fabulous Sylvester , among them the importance of looking one 's best , of expressing oneself and never , ever to get between a 200 pound drag queen and his jewelries . You can mock his falsetto and diss his music but just try to steal his jewelries and the fabulous Sylvester will mess you up . And that is just one of the many reasons why after reading this book I wish Sylvester were still with us . We can always use more well-put-together dance music , for one thing , and we 're perpetually in dire need of entertainers who do n't take themselves too seriously . Also I 'd like to just hang out with Sylvester for a day - because if this book is any indication , Sylvester WAS the party . I ca n't remember the last time I read a biography of an entertainer and ended up liking the subject even more.There 's nothing dismissive about calling this story of a boy from South Central who moved to San Francisco and became the First Lady of the Castro a true fairytale . Sylvester dreamed of a world where he could be who he was on his own terms and he sprinkled magic dust on himself and made it happen . Whether hanging out with the drugged out misfits known as the Cockettes or working it on the Merv Griffin Show , Sylvester did n't compromise and he did n't phone it in either.Author Joshua Gamson uses Sylvester 's life story to tell the broader story of gay liberation in the 1970s . If that sounds like a downer consider that Gamson at one point contends that San Francisco was to gays what Israel was to Jews `` only with fewer wars and more parties . '' Gamson nearly always finds just the right balance between telling Sylvester 's mostly joyous story and the realities of being gay in America in the 1970s . Even Sylvester 's ultimate tragic death from AIDs ends up being a story of staying true to oneself.This is a fun , smart book . If you read it , as I did , after reading the great punk history `` Please Kill Me '' you 'll find yourself thinking that the Punks may have had all the best lines but the Disco Queens had all the fun .
 This book is by far the best book I have read this year . I travel alot so I read about 1 to 2 books a week . The Fabulous Sylvester is absolutely fabulous . This book made me Cry , made me Laugh , made me Sing , made me Rejoice , and made me Remember . If you were there in days of disco weather the early , middle or last days of it , take a stroll down memory lane with Gamson 's accurate discription of the Garage . And although I learned alot about Sylvester I did not know , this book is a great tribute to the Disco era , as well as the Fabulous Sylvester himself . Like I said YOU WOULD ONLY WANT TO . -LRB- DATING MYSELF HERE -RRB-
 This was the best book I read all year ! I devoured it ... I did not want it to end ! I did not know much about Sylvester before I read it but felt like I lost an old friend by the time I finished . Naturally , I had cut the rug to his songs as a young teen and saw his wild costumes as well . However , this book covers his childhood , his struggle to make it big and of course the sad ending that came too soon .
 What a thoroughly entertaining book this was . I could not put it down . You felt Sylvester 's spirit take charge more is better than less lead the way.Sylvester 's generation did not forsee the icon that he is today . He led the way to be liberate yourself from the mores of the early 20th century regardless of the persecution . A drag Queen was truly `` her own man . '' Kudos to Mr. Gamson for writing a funny , sad , book . The laughs were more than the tears
 This was a wonderful , wonderful read . I was truly captivated by this book . I was so happy to find that someone actually took time to dig into the legend of Sylvester beyond his tragic demise . I know for me , my first memory of him was reading about his death in Jet when I was about 9 or so . But when I got older and got to hear some of his music and learn about how he really represented for those of us who are a bit different , I was amazed . This book is surprisingly light and fun , taking you through San Francisco in the 70s and the rise of Sylvester 's career . There are parts of it that paint really vivid pictures and will make you laugh out loud , particularly his relationship with The Weather Girls , Izora Armstead and Martha Wash. . The author talks to a wide range of sources , from background singers , to Fantasy Records execs , to San Franciscans . This book treats Sylvester with great respect and is worthy of multiple reads . I think if I could change one thing , I would like there to be more focus on his music - beyond Step II , not much is really mentioned about the ins and outs of the recording of his albums . But that 's a small thing . Like I said , this book is a wonderful , wonderful read .
 Props out to Josh for writing such a wonderful book about the legendary Sylvester . A book like this is long overdue . It 's terrific reading from cover to cover . I 've always been fascinated with Sylvester since watching him on American Bandstand -- and mail-ordering his vinyl through the Megatone Records label back in the day . Beautiful memories . Beautiful voice . Highly recommended !
 The Fabulous Sylvester is a fascinating recounting of the life of Sylvester , the dance scene and Sylvester 's career . This book explores the life of Sylvester from his early childhood days to his development into an international dance icon . This book does not sugarcoat any part of Sylvester 's life . It is detailed and honest and shows us all aspects of his life and career . This book is as interesting and fabulous as Sylvester was .
 It took 17 years for someone to realize that the world needed to know who Sylvester was and how he impacted music and society . This book was wonderful . Being a huge fan of Sylvester , this was truly a treat . A very good read . I must say , I did learn some things about Syl that were very shocking , but I am glad that I have finally been told his true life story . It is so sad that we can not hear that wonderful falsetto voice anymore . He will always be missed . I met him early in 1987 and he was truly fabulous !
 At last , a beautifully-written book about a beautiful artist - Sylvester . I have been waiting for this book to arrive for years and , finally , here it is!I was hooked by the opening chapter which tells the story of a young boy named Tiki Lofton who sneaks out of his bedroom window at night and over to a friend 's apartment where , in 1960 's South Central , with the help of a young Sylvester , he transforms himself into a `` Disquotay . '' The Disquotays were a group of boys who liked to dress up as sophisticated ladies . And Sylvester , or Dooni as he was known then , was in charge of the wigs . `` The first Disquotay bash that Tiki went to was over on 120th and Athens , at Etta James 's house , sometime around 1965 . Etta , who would later be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -LRB- largely on the strength of her 1961 hit `` At Last '' -RRB- and the Betty Ford Center -LRB- largely on the strength of her smack addiction -RRB- , was already a recording star and a friend to many local Los Angeles drag queens ... The house , with its swimming pool and fireplace , had stunned her . Women , drag queens , and guys , all sending joyful noises in Tiki 's direction ; the music had been jumping ; Walter Jackson 's version of `` Lee Cross , '' Jr. . Walker & the All Stars ' `` Shotgun , '' `` Nowhere to Run '' by Martha and the Vandellas , Fontella Bass singing `` Rescue Me . '' Gay kids all perched on gigantic speakers , singing and carrying on ... Tiki had said to herself . `` This -- honey , where is this world ? '' Within months , she would be a full-fledged Disquotay , made-up , bewigged , bejeweled . `` Joshua Gamsom recreates this world vividly in that first chapter . Simultaneously , he introduces us to the members of Sylvester 's family . His beautiful and beloved mother and grandmother . His twin sisters , Dette and Dean . The quotes are full of heart and expertly placed and the story unfolds like a fine silk fan . I ca n't help but think that Sylvester would be very pleased to read this biography.I had the honor of meeting with Sylvester to discuss a project a few years before his death . It was mid-afternoon and he was sewing sequins on something , which was his favorite pasttime . He was always sewing , a talent he picked up from the women who raised him . He walked over to the turntable and put on Patti LaBelle 's `` If Only You Knew '' and said he was dedicating the song at his One-Night-Only concert the following night to his fans and supporters in San Francisco , the city in which he always felt most at home . That night , with Martha Wash at his side , they performed that song together , bouncing their voices off each other inside the Castro Theater . Those two powerful voices , the acoustics of the Castro Theater , and the magical spell he wove with Patti LaBelle 's song was something to behold.That Sylvester could hold his own with the amazing Martha Wash is a testament to the power of his falsetto . He did n't have a thin , reedy falsetto . His was full-bodied , gravelly even , and very much in evidence on one of his biggest hits , `` Do You Wan na Funk . '' `` So when I tell you , that you 're really something , baby , will you stay , or will you go away . `` Joshua Gamson captures the essence of Sylvester 's personality , the diva fits as well as the immense kindness and sensitivity , and wraps it all together into an highly readable book that I wholeheartedly suggest you pick up . Although some have faulted him for not having an encyclopedic knowledge of music , Gamson lets experts like Joel Selvin provide insightful commentary.It is my hope that someone has optioned the book for a movie and we can expect to see this wild individual portrayed in all his glory.John Waters wraps up `` The Fabulous Sylvester '' pretty well in his cover blurb
 Man , was this a great read ! Sylvester truly was more than a he or a she . Sylvester was Sylvester and this book makes it a point to stress it while documenting his short life . His life , intertwined with the Cockettes , the Disquotays , and his work with Martha and Izora -LRB- Two Tons of Fun , The Weathergirls , C+C Music Factory , Black Box , etc. -RRB- reflect the depth and response to the radical social changes taking place in America . Sylvester 's life and times are true inspiration to those seeking to institute radical personal change.I was much too young to enjoy the true disco days , but I remember listening to 7 '' records of `` Dance -LRB- Disco Heat -RRB- '' and `` You Make Me Feel -LRB- Mighty Real -RRB- '' as a youth . In any case , I wish more of Sylvester 's life and work were available , especially his rock and roll days . This book and the existing recordings will have to suffice .
 I am still reading the book and have been quite pleased with all the details of Mr Sylvester James Jr. . Life , I am sure when a read the final pages it will be as smashing as the life he lived !! I also found a DVD , Filmed in San Francisco , in 1985 or 1987 when he celebrated his birthday , the video is grainy and not what I expected which was Him and the Famous -LRB- Two Tons of Fun , -RRB- what I have is Sylvester in his what I call break out years his voice was not as vibrant during this period but to have anything of him suits me just fine . He came into his own he perfected his voice and character , I still miss his presence on earth just as I do all the Great Ones.Sincerely , LEE
 Read it just because it 's a classic or read it because it has interesting things to say for today . Read it because it 's so well written . The narrative just flows , and before you know it you 've absorbed some pretty important concepts.Erikson addresses nothing less than the role of psychology in the world , and the role of childhood in our social worlds . It 's a combination of the clinical , the social , and the developmental , a combination of psychology and history . Case studies are presented and large themes are addressed . '' ... we are also forced to recognize a universal blind spot in the makers and interpreters of history , '' writes Erikson , '' ... they ignore the fateful function of childhood in the fabric of society '' -LRB- p. 404 -RRB- . Whether or not you agree with all Erikson says , you will find it food for thought .
 This book published in 1950 was Erikson 's breakthrough book , the first one by which he became known to a wide popular audience . Certain of the ideas formulated in this book have become part of the language of our general culture , most notably the concept of ` identity - crisis ' . At the heart of the theoretical framework of this work is Erikson 's conception of eight - stages of life.The first of these stages he calls the ` oral - sensory ' . It involves the conflict between basic trust and mistrust.The second is called the muscular - anal involving the confluct between Autonomy and Shame and Doubt.The third is the Locomotor Genital involving the conflict between Initiative and Guilt.The fourth is the Latent involving the conflict between Industry and Inferiority.The fifth is Adolescence where the Identity - Crisis comes into play at a time of Role - confusion.The sixth is Young Adulthood in which Intimacy is in conflict with Isolation.The seventh is Adulthood where Generativity conflicts with Stagnation.The final is ` Maturity ' or `` Old Age ' where Despair threatens Ego Integrity.In this work Erikson brings case - history , comparitive anthropological data in showing how the human personality is transformed during the person 's lifetime also through its encounters with Society . A pioneering work of great importance .
 Mr. Erikson wrote a thought-provoking book , but it is certainly a product of his times . Such notions as homosexuality being deviant -LRB- his word , not mine -RRB- behavior and was more of a symptom of a psychologically damaged individual has not held up to present scientific evidence . Overall , the book is a fascinating dissection of childhood development and how it possibly manifests itself in adulthood . But reading this material was n't exactly a cake walk . I doubt many casual readers could wade through Mr. Erikson 's book without developing MEGO -LRB- My Eyes Glaze Over -RRB- Syndrome . For what it 's worth , I enjoyed most of it .
 An Uber-Classic -- Required reading for anyone in psychology . No ! make that anyone , period .
 A profound , orginal work that changes the entire worldview and saves the lives of many young adults by giving them insight into who they are and how they got that way .
 This is a wonderful read by Erik Erikson . He explores childhood and society and offers his theory about child development . I would recommend this book to anyone wishing to learn more about Erikson 's theory on child development !
 This one is very good quality and a good read , the text is big enough so that it is approachable and its not thick and daunting like some others . This is a classic read , go for it !
 I have always found this book to be most interesting ; I was pleased to find an orginal version at a good price
 This book makes Erikson theory much easier to understand . Second-hand accounts of his theory really muddy the water . His theories and explanations of crisis stages are logical and easy to observe after reading this book .
 Childhood and Society guides its readers far deep into children 's mind and its pychological intricacies . Using study of cases carefully chosen and great psychoanalytical knowlege , Erikson , with his long experience , enlight us , making easy to undertand some of the most complicated concepts in Freud 's theory.It 's sure a worth reading work .
 Fits in my pocket when I go fishing - I read a bit after I cast the line . Best days of my life are with a trout stream , rod and this book .
 Three hundred fifty years ago Izaak Walton wrote of the curious blend of inner peace and giddy excitement which the amateur naturalist finds at streamside . He invites us to stroll with him through the countryside , discussing the mythology , superstition , and the science of England 's aquatic fauna . It is an unrushed journey , though we often arise at sunrise , and the author introduces us to many of the local inhabitants . Indeed , if our fishing is successful , we might exchange our catch for the song of a pretty milkmaid . The Compleat Angler is a brief book , and Walton 's intent is to hook the reader , and encourage him to try fishing for himself
 If you do n't know about this famous book by the inimitable Walton , you have a lot to look forward to . Purporting to be an account of a 5-day fishing idyll -LRB- when gentlemen were gentle men , and the English countryside was at once bountiful and near to hand -RRB- , it is in fact a deeply engaging nostalgia trip into a never-never land of pastoral bliss -- an enduring cult classic having no exact parallel in world literature.To say `` evocative of simpler , happier times '' is to barely hint at the near-mystical fragrance of this enchanting volume . Three high-spirited protagonists -LRB- `` Piscator '' , `` Venator '' , and `` Auceps '' -RRB- , devoted to three rival outdoor avocations -LRB- fishing , hunting , and falconing , respectively -RRB- , meet on a `` fine , fresh May morning '' ; ramble across the countryside in search of lively fishing and hearty times ; sing , banter , and versify ; recount ancient wisdom -LRB- of often dubious validity -RRB- regarding the habits and temper of over a dozen local fish species ; and encounter a classic sampling of innkeepers , milkmaids , gypsies , and various other idealized rural types . This is a refuge book for quiet evenings , one of those unaccountably transporting narratives of which no charmed reader has ever wanted to reach the end.Some history
 I 'm flyfisher in Korea . I think there is no necessity for talking about this book . Because this is so famous book to fishermans , as you know . Specially , this paperback edition is good for your wallet , with no omission . In a word , Full content , Good price !
 I have had this book beside me for more than 20 years , not for its guidance about fishing -LRB- though this is pleasant -RRB- , but for the simple , unaffected but eloquent beauty of its 17th century prose . A lovely , idealized , Arcadian sort of England comes to life , and it is a very nice place in which to dip your mind a while .
 This is surely one of the earliest books available to the modern angler . But it 's worth distinguishing ` anglers ' from ` fishermen ' . I take ` anglers ' to be people who go after fish for fun or sport or pleasure and ` fishermen ' to be people who go after fish for work.The first thing to be said about Izaak Walton 's book , is that it is a play followed by a text book . The second thing , is that it 's in a foreign language even to the English , because it was first published in 1653 when the author was 60 . A ripe old age in England in those days.Walton was essentially a biographer . He got paid for it - often commissioned as a good artist might . He wrote ` The Life of Donne ' - a poet who even I 've heard of . He 's alleged to have been a prosperous merchant , but it does n't really matter . Great angling writers like Richard Walker were engineers . Old school writers like George Skues , were public school educated solicitors in London practices who took the train to the chalk streams of Winchester in Hampshire at weekends , tying flies as they went.The play concerns three people who meet by chance and get into conversation about their interests . They 're travelling at a walk , and so they lighten their journey with convoluted conversation . Before long , it develops into a bit of a competition . Walton is the angler -LRB- Piscator -RRB- . Another gentleman is keen on falconry -LRB- Venator -RRB- and yet another is keen on hunting -LRB- Auceps -RRB- . If you tire of 17th century banter , skip forward to the chapters on each particular species of fish , which will ring true immediately . To me it 's a revelation that these friendly old fish will still fall for the same tricks as Walton was playing on their ancestors over 350 years ago .
 This book is to fishing as military music is to music . True , THE COMPLEAT ANGLER does discuss the various aspects then current in England , but any focus on fishing was secondary to giving a combination of practical advice , pastoral fantasy , and good-humored piety . The book is a dialogue with 3 speakers
 The Complete Angler - Izaak Walton and Chalres CottonThis book deserves a place in a collection of great angling books , such as those of John Geirach , Henry Middleton and Scott Waldie . It is really two books and an odd sort of middle section on property rights and fishing -LRB- funny how some issues have not changed much since the late 17th century -RRB- . It has some wonderful discourses on not just fishing but the lifestyle and philosophy of fishing . There are some sections and descriptions that can be tedious but they minor compared to the overall wonderful dialogue of the majority of the book.The first section is written by Izaak Walton and , to me , was Canterbury Tales-esque , is it 's older English language -LRB- which is entertainingly preserved -RRB- and its format . Three travelers - a fisherman -LRB- angler -RRB- , hunter and falconer meet . In the course of discussing the merits of their activities the angler convinces the hunter to come along fishing with him -LRB- after seeing a hunt with hounds -RRB- . Over the course of a few days on the rivers of England , the angler turns the hunter to the quiet joys of angling . He goes through the fish in England and all the baits and methods of fishing for them as well as how to prepare each of them . I had never through of carp of chubs and fish to eat , but after some of the descriptions in this book , I may have to give the a second look someday . The first book is as much of a celebration of the social and contemplative nature of angling as it is descriptions and methods of fishing . Interspersed are encounters with the local farmers , milker and inn-keepers as well as the talking over of the days activities among friends . But the highlight of this first section , and in my opinion the entire book , is the parting words of the angler to the hunter of how angling is a life philosophy that departs sharply from the hustle and bustle of the capitalist life . The first book is replete with references to early Christianity and its admonitions against looking to wealth for happiness.There is an odd middle section about property rights and fishing which serves as a rather odd bridge to Charles Cotton 's section . This book focuses on fishing for trout and graylings in a small section of England . If found the wordy descriptions of the flies by month to be tedious and the lack of philosophical discussion of fishing to be a little disappointing of an end .
 Five days of fishing along the river Lea which joins the Thames near London is the background on which the cheerful narrative of The Compleat Angler is laid . The splendid civil conversation of Latin named Piscator , Venator , Auceps , Viator , and Piscator Junior is a joy to hear . Shakespeare was just publishing his first work when Izaak Walton was born in 1593 in Stafford . Walton retired in his early fifties and traveled about rural England visiting friends , fishing , and writing in his easy-going fashion . After publication of The Compleat Angler in 1653 he continued to add to it in his leisurely way for the next quarter century . Samuel Johnson praised the book in the eighteenth century and later Charles Lamb recommended The Compleat Angler to Samuel Taylor Coleridge . ` It breathes the very spirit of innocence , purity , and simplicity of heart , ' he noted . ` It would sweeten a man 's temper at any time to read it ; it would Christianise every angry , discordant passion ; pray make yourself acquainted with it . ` The Compleat Angler is a true classic of English literature that owes it 's esteem not to advice about fishing but to Izaak Walton 's pre-occupations and exquisite manner . Subtitled The Contemplative Man 's Recreation the pages glow with delight in the hills and dales , woods and streams of the beloved countryside . Walton conveys a message of meek thankful fellowship and peace to all `` honest , civil , quiet men '' . ` The Compleat Angler is not about how to fish but about how to be , ' said novelist Thomas McGuane . ` Walton spoke of an amiable mortality and rightness on the earth that has been envied by his readers for three hundred years . '
 Walton uses the perspective of an enthusiastic angler to promote a lifestyle of reflectiveness , gentle humor , and appreciation for nature . The book is easy to read , despite being first published in the 1600s . The Coachwhip Publications reprint edition -LRB- ISBN 1930585209 -RRB- is inexpensive and contains Cotton 's `` Part 2 , '' written at Walton 's request for the fifth published edition of `` The Compleat Angler . ''
 I ordered this book so I could get more understanding on the Heart Sutra before attending His Holiness 's teachings on it in Bloomington , Indiana . I am very grateful that I did so . This teaching made hearing and applying the teachings of His Holiness much easier . I recommend this book to anyone seeking a deeper understanding of the Heart Sutra . Not only is it extremely helpful it is also very well translated making it easy to follow along and comprehend and to apply .
 My 23-month-old LOVES this sticker book . He has been using it almost every day for a month , and he still loves it . I sit with him while he plays with it to help him bring the edges of the stickers up from the pages . The stickers are losing their stickiness now , but it was a good deal for a month of play !
 The book was first copyrighted in 1949 . The author , Jesse Stuart starts out as a teacher in a rural Kentucky school house . His sister was not able to finish the school year because of some bullies . Jesse , even though he was not of age , was determined to teach in that community . He did and proved himself by fist fighting the school bully in order to get respect from the bully . Jesse soon became principal and then went on to be superintendent of schools . The book weaves the struggles of educators with trustees and boards . Some with little education were controlling the teachers . Read the book to find out what it was that makes the thread that runs so true .
 This book came to me in great shape even though it was used . I was replacing a copy that I had misplaced and found this one in much better shape.Thanks
 This is the autobiography of a school teacher in Northern Kentucky , he comes across different obstacles some of those 2 churchs that have divided the county almost like opposing armies , violent students and many other problems . Be he still runs a successful country school . `` The Needles Eye That Does Supply ' `` The Thread That Runs So True ! ''
 This book was so inspiring that I went to Kentucky and got a teaching certificate and began teaching to really creeped-out rednecks and `` hillpeople '' and they loved it and they all went from D students to A students except for Chainsaw Gremp who was a real class comedian . When Stuart says -LRB- on page XII -RRB- that he would `` rather eat horse poop than shake a mexcin 's hand '' I really believed it as it was very powerful and that is why I licked this book and you should like it too .
 I happened upon this fine autobiography one day while browsing through the library at West Middle School where I am a 7th grade teacher . I do n't even remember what drew me to this book , but some form of `` magic '' must have been involved , because its enchantment is still on me . I hold this book in such high regard that I have read it to my classes over the years . I do n't recall one student ever asking me to stop reading it . The stories of this fine man 's life are intriguing and in many ways unbelieveable ! `` Thread '' chronicles Jesse Stewart 's career as a teacher/principal/superintendent of schools in rural Kentucky . He not only fought for the rights of his fellow teachers , but also the rights of his students . He believed that an education would set any man or woman free , especially those he taught inKentucky 's hills and hollows . This book should be read by every teacher . It should be required reading for every principal and school superintendent in this fine country of ours . Do yourself a favor and buy this book .
 The Thread That Runs So True was a marvelously written autobiography with much meaning . Jesse Stuart wonderfully depicted his life as a school teacher . Somewhat near the beginning of the book , the written meaning of the title is revealed when Stuart is singing a song containing the words . The thread that runs so true is play , which is emphasized throughout the book . Yet , there is a more meaningful lesson taught . Contextually , it is evident that the thread is also the teaching profession itself . Stuart 's thread would most likely be the country life . After being a successful teacher and administrator , traveling abroad , and numerous other ventures , he returns to his Kentucky home and farms sheep . This is fantastic for almost any audience , students , teachers , and those who were once either or both . It is filled with unbelievable experiences from Stuart physically fighting his students to him being shot at for dating a particular lady . In the case of good fiction , you must remind yourself that the events did n't actually happen . In reading this book , I learned that with the most interesting non-fiction , you must realize that the events actually did occur .
 This is the best book I have read about teaching . It is inspirational as well as entertaining . . Jesse Stuart knew how to teach children in such a way that they wanted to learn . His approach to education was one of making learning practical as well as fun . He also instilled in them a pride for themselves and for their school . The Thread That Runs So True should be required reading for every teacher education program in the United States .
 I first read this book when I was in the ninth grade , and it , more than any other book I ever read , inspired me to become a teacher . This book has -LRB- I believe -RRB- been in print without interruption since it was originally published in the 1940s . I myself have bought so many copies that I have lost count , replacing copies borrowed by students and never returned . Although the world that Stuart wrote about , rural Kentucky in the 1920s and 1930s , has pretty much vanished , the book , in its passion for the good of education , in its compassion for both students and teachers , feels utterly contemporary . The stories of Stuart 's experiences as teacher and administrator speak to our needs , even though most of us will never have to ride horseback to school or beat a student senseless to earn classroom control or be beaten ourselves by ignorant opponents of out views . But in our different world it is good to be reminded of the power of the teacher-student bond , a bond that will not soon be eliminated by distance education . Teachers who know how to make a class come alive , how to bring learning to life , are as important today as they were sixty years ago , or indeed 600 . Inspirational , insightful , theoretical , this book is all , but it has also one more virtue
 The thread That Runs So True autobiographical story is a personal writing about his teaching career . He narrates a several experiences regarding his teaching and how he had to face difficult situation to remain teaching at school with success . However , he persevered and got success with his students . His students demonstrated interest and enjoyed learning as a consequence of his method of teaching with new ideas , trying to get interest and attention from his students . I enjoyed the way he narrates his experiences with tender feelings towards his students and courage to confront different situations as a teacher in the mountain region of Kentucky . I believe The Thread that Runs so True is a great example to follow for teachers and works as an inspiration for them in order to obtain the same results as Jesse Stuart
 I am so blessed to have been given a first edition signed by the author copy of this book . I had read the paperback previously and enjoyed it so much . As a teacher , I felt it was written just for me . I have purchased several copies as gifts for teacher friends as well as for two of my own children who are teachers . The women who gave me the first edition are elderly school-teachers who knew Jesse Stuart personally and have no children with whom to leave the book . I count this book as one of my greatest treasures . Thank you , ladies . He was an inspiration to future generations of teachers and I have quoted him many times . I plan to give several copies as Christmas gifts this year to friends , family , and team-mates .
 I first read Jesse Stuart 30 years ago in high school . I remember giving an oral book report to my English teacher and expressing surprise that rural Kentucky teachers continued to teach even when they were not receiving their pay . I remember my teacher telling me -- in all sincerity -- that she would do the same thing . Wow . I never looked at teaching the same way again!The only reason I give this book 4 instead of 5 stars is that I wish Stuart had delved more deeply into the characters in the beginning of the book . There was certainly enough material there for an entire book by itself -- then Stuart could have used his years as a high school principal for a second book .
 I read this book while preparing to do the play based from it , and I must say that it is an amazing piece of literature ... . each student in the book is so lifelike that when it came time for my friend and I to play the parts of Guy Hawkins and Vaida Conway , we knew just what to do . It is a heartwarming tale ... . Jesse has so many experiences with so many people in the book that it makes the story easy to follw and believable ... . I would recommend this book to anyone !
 This fellow worked very hard to become the wonderful person he was . The effort to do what he loved was , ultimately , overwhelming . He was a school teacher who became a sheep farmer and an author.I really liked his growth through all the trials and tribulations of life in the Kentucky hills as a school teacher . He shows how dedication to an ideal , with a bit of imagination , can create a quality that was missing . Mr. Stuart truly loved teaching . His greatest success was in helping others learn and come to love the profession as he did . He has written a paean to the teaching profession and you feel proud for him and all teachers to be able to do what they can do for so little renumeration , and , sometimes , outright hostility.This is a sad story because the teachers he works with are lured away from where they grew up and are needed , to teach in other districts where teaching is valued a bit higher . Mr. Stuart , himself , quit school teaching to become a sheep farmer and writer because he could not foresee being able to raise a family on the earnings of a schoolteacher and writer . But this was in 1920 's and 1930 's Kentucky where the teacher 's motto was , &#8220; Thank God for Arkansas , &#8221; the only state with standards below Kentucky 's . Here is a thought , at one point in his story , he and his teachers were not getting paid , but still teaching and all . He mentions that he was not expecting this , but was pleasantly surprised when he saw it happen . I suppose this was in 1929 or so . But my question is , would our teachers of today do that ? I know that the system and society of today make it highly unlikely for it to happen at all , but still the notion does present a quandary , since teachers today are not farmers or gardeners able to provide for themselves , as those in the old days were .
 At first when I looked at The Thread That Runs So True by Jesse Stuart , I thought it was going to be boring . After I read the preface , I had a much better view of the book . The way he uses experiences from his own life truly opened my eyes . The way he wrote the book was good because he starts from the beginning of his teaching career and includes details one after another and did n't leave me hanging or wondering . It is very clear that if teachers took some time to read this book then maybe the teachers who are stuck on one thought and who are close minded might change . Then perhaps classrooms would run better and the children would learn more.Although every part of a teacher 's life clearly does n't have anything to do with what they do or how they act in their classrooms , this book gives a true glimpse into what teachers really go through and what their lives are like.I give `` The Thread That Runs So True '' 4 stars because I thought that Stuart could have given a more satisfying ending with all the work he accomplished as a teacher .
 I can not remember where I picked this book up at ... probably at a library fund-raiser sale . I went to the Smokies for a week-long vacation and was scouring through the bookcases for something to read when I happened on this one . I picked it solely for the fact that it was about a teacher teaching in rural Kentucky and since I was going to be in the hills , I would read this for the week.It was the best impulsive reading I have done in quite some time . This book is an eye-opener and I am constantly checking back to the copyright page to see what year it was published because unfortunately , some of the issues that Mr. Stuart faced in his day are still running true today.Stuart writes passionately of why he became a teacher and he shared memorable tidbits that still resonates with me ; such as the time when he had his class measure a farmer 's plot of land to ensure that the farmer would stop getting ripped off because he did n't know his mathematics . There was the story of the bully who beat up his sister and he was prepared to take on the biggest bully of the valley only to gain a life-long friend and student . There was the story of kids traisping through the frost barefoot because their yearly allotment of shoes have n't come in yet and the kids wanted to come to school.There are places in this memoir where I felt that he was bragging a little too hard but it was quickly forgiven once he admits to his short-comings . He writes of lugging books over the mountaintops for his students who were starving for books of any nature so they could educate themselves even more . He writes of being a principal and a superintendent , having to fight the trustees . He writes of ideas that he has on education and how it could be improved . He writes of his students and their successes.I have toyed with the idea of going back to school and be a teacher ... and this book is definitely a good inspiration to consider it . Stuart was frank with the issues that teachers faced back in the 30s-40s and he was frank about what he believed that education should be even though administrators -LRB- who are so far removed from the realities of teaching that they have no clue on what students face nowadays -RRB- would ignore his suggestions . Teachers should be rewarded with a good salary and retirement plans and most importantly , respect from the students and parents alike . -LRB- Yes , I am aware that there are bad teachers out there but I do believe that a lot of teachers get a really bad rap because people did n't agree with their teaching methods . -RRB- This book is incredibly insightful and so well-written that it has been several days since I 've finished this book and I can not wait to share it with others who love education as much as I do .7 / 19/10
 I first became aware of Jessee Stuart in the 5th grade . My teacher , Ms. Gray , had gone to college with him and always assigned one of his books as required reading in her class . I always loved and very much respected Ms. Gray because she always found the good in something that I said or did in class . She was old when I knew her , had never married , but had her family - her classroom children.She assigned this book . I read it , thought about it , and even felt at the time that it was a book that would be influentual in my life , I just did n't know how . I grew up and became a successful businessman , and in my 57th year re-read this book . I then remembered again why I had always loved it . My eyes are older and wiser now , yes some of their sparkle is gone , but I guess I can say this book brings some of the sparkle back . When we all live in the lap of luxury , our children have way to much and we all are way to spoiled , stop for a moment and read about a time in our very recent past when many children had to fight to get an education . When many educators had to fight to just get the opportunity to be an educator in order to do what they were called to do . The message here is very simple , so simple in fact that it is timeless and as relevant today as when this book was written . It only takes one person , just one , to change your life and set you on a course that may be for life-long . We have all had these people in our life even if we knew we did or not . We have . Here is a simple man who changed the course of many lives , I believe he changed the life of my 5th grade teacher Ms. Gray , I know he changed mine . Do you children a favor , require they read this . Go one step further , you read it with them or to them .
 I ca n't understand how anyone would n't like this book . Great writer , great story . I have passed this book around more than a few times to teachers I know and they all love it . Most buy a copy for themselves . Any critic can pick at this or that , but this is a good and fun book to read that I recommend to all readers .
 This was the book I read in high school that made me want to be a teacher . Jesse Stuart 's experiences as a young Kentucky teacher in the hill country are classic.His writing is sincere and full of the love of education . Both of his parents were good hard-working people who could barely read.Only a true writer could have conveyed the sense of adventure , the wonder , and above all , the sense of accomplishment that inspiring young minds gives to the true teacher .
 The book The Thread That Runs So True by Jesse Stuart was a good book . At the first glance , it looked pretty boring , but after reading it I was glad I did . It is about his life as a teacher at a young age . He teaches students that are older and younger than him . He has a lot of different problems , but in the end he is able to overcome these problems with no problem at all . This book is very interesting and fun to read . It makes you want to read more or never put it down .
 One of the best books I have ever read ... all teachers should read this book ... it makes you realize you are not the only person to every have these thoughts
 This was a required reading for my masters . I enjoyed it thoroughly ! I could barely put the book down . When typing up my reflection assignment , I went way over the required pages . This book is truly captivating , and that much more interesting to me as that it was written from a teacher 's point of view . As a Southern teacher , it made me even more interested . Read this book ! You will learn so much about the importance of pragmatic education .
 Loved this book . People interest in eary american history and the Applichans will enjoy this book .
 This is an older book but still lively for modern readers . Great book on a great teacher .
 I was hooked at the first chapter . I had never even heard of this book but bought it at a book sale because it was Scribener 's Library edition . There is a purpose for a man 's -LRB- or woman 's life -RRB- - to go out and change the world - to find the problems and leave the world better than before . To change one life at a time . How do you teach the children today that they need to wake up to their duty ? This man was slaying giants at an early age . Let us teach our children to break out of their Wii cocoons and challenge the world order . Who knows what problems they will solve .
 I DO happen to have a first edition autographed copy given to me as a gift which I cherish . I have loved this book so much , I could read it yearly . I 've had difficulties finding it through the years to give to colleagues and beginning teachers . This book should be required reading for all new teachers . Jesse Stuart was light years ahead of his time . He was a dedicated , committed , and passionate teacher . When the students were n't `` getting '' the math lesson , he looked around the room , noticed the Farm Bureau calendar on the wall , took it down and cut out the numbers for the students to have concrete manipulatives . Decades later , publishing companies are selling concrete manipulative for students to learn math . One of the other reviews stated `` he was n't a good writer . '' He was a teacher , writing his story . I am a National Board Certified teacher of writing and I would love to see more teachers write their story .
 I first bought and read The Thread tht Runs So True when I taught in California because our superintendent recommended it as his favorite book . I understand why - in addition to a fascinating story of Stuart 's success in making a living classroom out of an empty building -LRB- which I had to do as a first-year fresh-out too -RRB- , the book explores the motivations , challenges , and victories of teaching , anywhere . I used Stuart 's life lessons while I taught , and since . Every teacher deserves to read this book -- for perspective , for purpose , and to see the universality of the teaching and learning experience . Read it !
 I am an 8th grader and I read this book for my AR test.I have always wanted to be a teacher and this just inspired me to be one . I like how he tells all of his teaching experences even if they are bad . I recommend any teacher or students that want to be a teacher to read this book .
 This book and story takes the reader into the world of education at the grass roots rural level . From the one room school house with 20 year old students still mired in the first grade to brilliant students from impoverished backgrounds . A terrific review and account of cultural conditions in the 1930 's , from the depression to WWII . A must read for educators/teachers . Many of the methods and means used by the author will shock and surprise today 's readers , but this is Kentucky in the 1930 's . Imagery depicted is fantastic .
 When I was in Junior High I found Jesse Stuart 's book `` Hie to the Hunters '' in the school library . It remains one of the best books I have ever read . Stuart was at the same time a tough man 's man and a sensitive poet . His love of the natural beauty of Kentucky and his people shines through in all his writing , as does his toughness , hard work and perseverance . He was born in the hill country of Kentucky to a father who was not literate and a mother who had only completed a few years of grade school , yet he and his brothers and sisters learned the value of education and became school teachers . `` The Thread That Runs So True '' is the story of his career in education , beginning when he was a 17-year-old teaching a rural one-room school in the 1920s , through stints as a principal and superintendent of schools , and finally as a farmer , author , and lecturer . `` The Thread That Runs So True '' , written in 1949 , remains probably his best-known book , but parts of it are almost too painful to read . Stuart 's first year of teaching was at a country school where his older sister had been badly beaten up and driven from the school by a tough male student . Stuart wrote poignantly of the beautiful and the ugly in this book , and it is very worthwhile reading .
 I am not one that usualy likes the books teachers require me to read , but this book was great . The story was captivating and fun . The reading was light and I was n't a fan of the choppy `` chaptering '' of the book , but I did enjoy it very much .
 The Thread That Runs So True is a wonderful collection of stories . Jesse Stuart , the author , weaves these tales together to chronicle his teaching career over a period of twenty years . He begins as a rural teacher in a small , one-room schoolhouse , and eventually becomes Superintendent of the county school system . Stuart incorporates innovative and unique ideas into his teaching that sometimes garner him some intense criticism . However , he perseveres and is highly successful . His students regularly demonstrate outstanding academic achievements , have minimal disciplinary problems , and enjoy their learning . I would recommend this book for anyone working with children who desires those results . I enjoyed the warmth and honesty with which Stuart narrates . I found myself laughing out loud numerous times as I read about his experiences . This book is not a serious study of the methods and techniques of a successful teacher but rather an enjoyable non-fiction account of teaching with countless excellent ideas woven throughout .
 I gave The Thread that Ran so True by Jesse Stuart a four out of a five because it was a great story and it was based on a real story . The Thread Thats Runs So True was published in 1949 . Stuart was able to teach kids from the ages of five to twenty with a few minor set backs . He had some unusual experiences and had some unusual students . They would like to mess with Jesse Stuart because he was the youngest teacher and he went from high school to teaching without collage . This book is rare to find anywhere except for in Kentucky because thats the only place they sell it . I recommend this book to any teacher or parent that had children in school .
 I grew up in the middle of the lands Stuart speaks about in his books . I knew him and his family well . His sister , who was the one badly beaten in this book , was my second grade teacher . The stories recounted by Stuart here are amazingly true to life . Jesse had some ideas I think turned out to be wrong but at the time they seemed like the way to go . Centralized control of the schools in particular became everything the critics said it would be , a cesspool for children to learn the worst of habits . They learned the same habits Stuart detested so much in Mr. Gallion 's School . Consolidation set in motion the machinery that produced a generation of students who learned drugs , cliques , and abuse of their fellow students . Stuart had the best of intentions and his methods worked well for him but only in the setting that he grew to hate . He thought direct control by the parents was a bad thing but it turned out to be the one thing that kept schools in line just as the critics he derided said it would.Still this book shows the caring attitude of the man and his inspirational methods for bringing students into the world of education . I only wish his methods were still in vogue . I wish the old system was still the standard . Yes there were glaring failures in that system but there are even more now.I grew up dis-respecting Stuart for the way he portrayed my home . But that was his world . It just was n't mine . The generation after Stuart was not set in the backwoods world of Stuarts youth . It was a modern , industrialized area with centralized schools and all the ills that come with them . Now the industry is gone but the centralized schools remain with even less to motivate students to perform well . There will always be the few that excel but Stuart envisioned a world where all students participated with enthusiasm . Unfortunately Stuart helped set in motion the thing that destroyed his dream before it ever really got off the ground.I will always love the idealism of this book . But a dose of realism was badly needed for Stuart and the school system he created .
 The existence in three dimensions - this is how the new novel of Mirela Roznoveanu written in exile could be defined . The world left behind , the new world in which she lives in , and the world within are the levels of this kind of existence . The author has for her character , Angela , a database of projects , none of them connected to temporality . Between life and philosophy , pure thinking and event are laid down the thoughts of a spiritual vision reporting to its own mental , analytic , and redeeming universe.We can imagine Bach 's Fugues , where the initial melodic line proves to be continuous depending on renewed themes , and the succession of these elements leads to the image of the complex and perfectly well-organized speech . The author assumes the role of seismograph of her own existence and implicitly of the history . If life is a continuous run between given or assumed labyrinths , then the depth of this reflection - which accompanies the dynamic of the existence - raises this novel on the highest level of the esthetical value.To live in two worlds - mental and sensorial - and not being able to disconnect from this reality , means to integrate through huge tensions and in the heroic hope to dominate them through spirit and knowledge . Life on the Run , is eventually , the outstanding epic performance of what we could call the salvation through exile , or the exile assumed as a process of salvation.Mirela Roznoveanu brings , in the prose of exile , the trauma of separation from place and people and her own sensitive universe . The feminine character of the novel is becoming the author herself , a dense coagulation of situations and convulsions , out of which we can reconstitute both the elements of personal psychohistory and of those transcending the history.Mirela Roznoveanu came to the US in 1991 , after she had published several books in Romania , amongst which is the comparative essay on the world novel , `` The Civilization of the Novel '' , a work in two volumes and the novel '' Always in the Fall '' . Also poet and outstanding essayist , Mirela Roznoveanu accumulates new dimensions through `` the American experience '' in which Life on the Run could be considered a spiritual document and an over lasting one.We can distinguish the remarkable capacity of the author of melting the reality into fiction and to grant the fiction the conflicted impulses and fresh emotions . The two worlds which Angela crosses are reduced to her own `` I '' , a perfectly well-intuitive epic solution , because this could offer us a value of self - knowledge and implicitly of the historic time.It is impressive in this novel the gallery of characters , essentially particularized , arranged in an orchestra of identities , each character performing on the scene of life -- a falling prelude or a vulnerable rising . Mirela Roznoveanu 's heroine is a rebellious person , condemned to the life which avoids the solutions -LRB- those solutions which sometimes bring down an existence -RRB- . As a consequence , she builds herself a `` personal homeland '' which she makes sure will raise her at the height of the spiritual and philosophical aspiration , yet , without suggesting the expanding of the interior project.In the context of dissident and anti-totalitarian prose , Life on the Run claims a very important place , holding it from the moment the novel was printed out.The duality of the horror and fascination follows Angela 's psychology . The New World is not shocking to her , but it provokes her admiration , which will become fluctuating with polemic fallings so natural for a person eager for harmony and perfection . The world left behind of the communism or of the neocomunism it is given back to Angela as a calvary , in which her fate was both to became a grown up and to not be able to develop . Angela lives with the memory of the darkness she has just come out of and gets into another world , which she likes , just because it is different , `` the third '' world does exist only within her soul.Between aberration and apparent normality Angela will choose the second , trying to re-compose her identity , to reformulate it within some parameters which she conquers with wise and infinite hope . The dynamic of life is frequently marked by the possibility to invest the energies in a new hope ; we detect a world that does not issue passing cards for a chance , but the chances are real in competition with yourself ; we detect the idea of liberty `` in the exercise '' which should be responsible and spirited ; yet we can see the corruption of the world , which does not care about civilization and meridians.The novel is built on several levels of the most subtle complexity , where the adventure and erotic recitals circulate through the epic system with forceful physiological effects . As a human being , Angela must know everything . As an artist , she does not refuse herself anything because she knows she has all the means to come back always to a well-temperate climate.Running through life or `` Life on the Run '' is one of the most unusual and expressive novels of the whole Romanian contemporary literature . A prose dominated by reflection andspiritual tensions , an original way to perceive the world and to commission the representation of the historical reality . The great events of this novel are mostly spiritual , philosophical and essentials ones . And the great prose has always been based on this triangle . `` Life on the Run '' is the novel for this end of the millennium ... Life on the Run - Preface by Ion TuguiTranslated from Romanian by Lavinia Barbu
 Powerful Sales is clear , concise and insightful ! The clarity with which Michael describes his concepts and the power he uses to convey them is empowering . This book showed me how to redirect my personal energy towards the goals I really desired , creating more time in my day . I am more relaxed , confident and able to handle the most challenging of situations in a more positive way . Best of all , I was able to get the most out of this book while on my way to the office . I recommend this book to everyone in the sales industry . Effectively managing my energy is now the number one priority in my life !
 Dawn 's brother , Jeff is visiting Stoneybrook and the Spiers?Schafers are planning a family portait !
 Dawn 's brother is visiting Stoneybrook . And Dawn 's family wants to have a family portrait . Dawn and Mary Anne and Jeff think it 's boring !
 This book will change your life if you can grasp it . It 's message is deceptively simple which obscures the benefit from people who are looking for complicated answers . It proffers one simple truth and a method for experiencing that truth . It is what you are looking for ! Buy it ! Study it and wrestle with it until you get understand it . You will never be the same again .
 Reading this book-I could n't help but feel that I 've wasted so muchof my life being unhappy by choice . I 'll even venture to say thatthe option method could change the world as we know it if more peopleknew about it and practiced it.A book I 'll continue to revisit throughout my life .
 SEMINARS AND SELF HELP BOOKS THAT PROMISE TRUE CHANGE IN MANS SEEARCH FOR MEEANINGS OF LIFE SELDOM ACCOMPLISH THESE OBJECTIVES . I HAVE GROPED FOR LONG SEARCHING FOR SOMETHING TO CLICK IN MY PERCEIVED `` GAP '' OR MISSING LINK IN MY LIFE 'S PRESENT MISSION . IT IS A MYSTERY HOW I STUMBLED INTO `` THE OPTION '' DIALOGUE METHOD , WHICH FOR THE FIRST TIME I EXPERIENCED A SUBTLE INTRINSIC FEELING OF INNER CONNECTION . THE BOOK , SURPRISINGLY SIMPLE , THE OPTION METHOD REAL EFFECTIVESNESS IS PARTICULARLY NOTICEABLE , VERY SIMPLISTIC TO BE DESCRIBED BUT OVERWHELMING IN EXPERINCE AS YOU STEP , YOU SLIP INTO THE HAPPYEmotional Options
 This is an important book for anyone who is interested in the Option Method . I can not imagine what my life would be like had I not studied with Bruce Di Marsico many years ago . Thank you to Deborah Mendel for sharing his work in this wonderful book . Those `` Five Simple Questions '' really do work . They can help you to undo limiting beliefs that keep people locked in despair , anger , frustration , or any painful emotion . I 've used them as a coach , seminar leader and in my own book , `` Emotional Options '' -LSB- ... -RSB- for years . I 've witnessed first hand as thousands of people became happier and more successful than they dreamed possible . You can too !
 This book was an interesting read . As a parent I felt the suggestions and ideas where doable and ` smart ' . I 'd recommend it to any parents , black or white .
 With a unique storyline , this books grips you from beginning to end . You run the gambit of emotions . From humor to sadness and everything in between . I have been reading Sci Fi since I was a kid , this is the first time I have been blown away by a brand new author ! I would highly recommend this book to anyone into both Sci-Fi and Adventure novels .
 Chance for the Future simply moves . It has action , adventure , elements of surprise , some comedy , and is a good read . I 'm an avid science fiction reader and this book held my attention . I think that even those who would never pick up a sci-fi novel -LRB- including my wife and daughter -RRB- would enjoy this book because the lead character is a strong female . For his first novel , Carhart has done a good job . Take a Chance with Chance for The Future .
 This book is huge ! It goes through every day of the year , listing holidays around the world inlcuding all religions and nationalities . It lists historical events for that day , famous birthdays , etc. I highly recommend it for anyone who needs some creative ideas on a month-to-month basis other than the standard holidays . It lists those goofie , off-the-wall celebrations
 This well researched and well constructed book pulls together several first hand accounts of the loss of the whaling vessel the Essex . Philbrick has written the seminal treatment of the subject , and it is both readable and very interesting , both for the education it provides about seamanship , navigation and whaling in the 19th century , but also his deft handling of the human tragedy.Perhaps the most ironic element of the story is the fact that the men chose to backtrack towards the coast of South America at a distance of 2500 hundred miles , rather than risk travelling west to the much more accessible Pacific island of Marquesa , because stories of cannibalism so unnerved them . Ultimately , these seamen died becasue of ignorance and prejudice , and is therefore a useful parable for today 's reader .
 book arrived on time and in good condition . would definetly purchase from this merchant again .
 This was a Great read ! Anyone looking for a book that is interesting and exciting , pick this one up . Just put it down and already placed an order for MAYFLOWER . Cant wait to dive into it .
 This was a tremendous read for our book club . We all absolutely loved the content . It was a riveting read . This book made the rounds of our friends outside of our book group that love a good story . The Heart of the Sea was a book that inspired an interesting and at times confrontational conversation . Based on our pleasure upon reading this book , we , as a book group , are looking to reading the Mayflower story by the same author .
 I gave this as a gift for my Great-Grandfather and he said he read it the first day or so ... he said he could n't put it down ! So , I 'm just passing along his recommendation .
 IN THE HEART OF THE SEA by Nathaniel Philbrick tells the tragic and amazing story of the Essex , a Nantucket whaler that sank after being rammed by a mammoth sperm whale in the South Pacific in November of 1820 . If the story of the whale attack and loss of the ship were n't enough , the harrowing tale of how the crew attempted to make it back to New England through the open sea in nothing more than open whaleboats , while experiencing everything from shark attacks to cannibalism , has to be one of the most gripping and inspiring tales ever recorded.Philbrick is masterful in his treatment of the story from start to finish . Drawing upon journals and writings of survivors -- used in their day to inspire Herman Melville 's masterpiece , Moby Dick -- Philbrick offers a concise historical narrative .
 This is a very captivating story , well-written and researched . I found the history of the Nantucket whalers to be interesting , but it seems that the ecological impact caused by these men is not examined in detail . I 'm not talking of `` whaling is bad and whalers are evil '' ; I think this has already been examined exhaustively . Rather , the impact that whaling had on many island and ocean ecosystems . I realize that men were not as savvy about the environment and their impact on it in the early 1800s , but surely one thinks they would have realized something was going awry when the Nantucket whaling industry started out around the home island , then the whales there disappeared and they had to venture farther out into the Atlantic ; eventually exhausting that supply of whales and having to round the Horn and hunt in the forbidding , and largely unknown , Pacific Ocean.There are two vignettes worth mentioning
 just a great book . one of the best i have ever read
 A thoroughly fascinating read . Makes you realize what true hardship is . However , there is one glaring factual error . Philbrick refers to the 1972 Andes plane crash involving `` soccer '' players and leading to cannibalism among the passengers . Sorry , it was rugby players . Only rugby players would eat their own ! Other than that this is a highly recommended book .
 I have to admit I love naval stories , especially ones dealing with New England during the 19th century , so I might be a little bit biased , but this tale is one of the best I 've read . It 's an incredible true story of a Nantucket whaler that gets sunk by an enraged sperm whale , and the struggle for surival by its crew in the harsh open sea . The author does a masterful job of bringing you right into the boat with these men as they sail for land with primitive navagational tools and try to survive three months at sea with the meager rations they 've saved from the Essex before it sunk . The author does a nice job weaving all the different narratives that have been written by the surviving crew members into a cohesive story that gives you many divergent views of the action . I also enjoyed learning some of the intricacies of sailing and whaling that the author brought forth in his book . I would recommend this book to anyone interested in a great read .
 I was impressed with how Mr. Philbrick was able to share just the right amount of detail . When reading the narrative of the canniblaism I was just about to shout , enough ! when he stopped . The book flowed well and was never boring . The explanations of whaling and the culture , both in Nantucket and on ship , were well done . The sadness of wrong decisions and how they can have such a devestating affect on others is something many of us can relate to as we make decisions throughout life . I appreciated the Epilogue , but felt the extensiveness of the Notes were unnecessary . It was already evident that much research had gone into this book . This book is certainly not for everyone . those who are looking for a love story will not find it here . It is a true story about people coping in an extreme situation and what they feel they must resort to .
 What a great book . It 's not amazingly written but the story is so engrossing it does n't matter . I was completely enthralled the whole way through .
 I have long known of the Essex being rammed and sunk by a big Sperm Whale , but what I knew included nothing of what the crew went through as they drifted for three months in the Pacific . This carefully researched study reveals a wealth of new facts concerning this tragic event and its aftermath.The Voice of the Dragon
 I loved every minute of this book . It completely transported me back to another time . The historical context was so well established , the prose so well-crafted , and the drama so palpable , that I blew through it in a fraction of the time it normally takes for me to get through a book like this . Terrific !
 Heart of the Sea is stunningly well written . The prose is smooth as silk , and I might have read this book in a single evening if I had not found myself stopping periodically to re-read and admire a particularly good sentence or paragraph . If you are a writer , published or aspiring , you will appreciate Philbrick 's masterful but simple prose . On a larger level , this is a great story well told . In giving this 5 stars , I find myself regretting the many 5 star reviews I have offered up to very good but not great books . This is a great book . A note on the Kindle edition
 This book has haunted me for years ... I asked a friend to read it who passed it on , and that friend passed it on , etc. . It is an amazing story of the human spirit and the endurance of the body as well as the soul . Read it - you wo n't regret it .
 While countless stories and legends exist of survival and endurance , few are quite as remarkable or recorded as eloquently as the tragedy of the Whaleship Essex . Philbrick has a knack for informing without boring in his analysis of the Nantucket community and the whaling industry ; a rare and welcome balance especially considering his ability to provide the most minute intricacies if he wished . At its core , this book is a thrilling story of man vs. nature , endurance , and survival . Philbrick tells it through scholarly eyes and the reader is not unfairly subjected to any bias or supposition especially in regard to hypothetical events.The book is centered around the Whaleship Essex and the tragic fate of her men following the dumbfounding attack of a humongous , eighty-five foot sperm whale , sinking the ship and abandoning her men to lifeboats amid the vast Pacific in the early 19th century . The tale of the men 's struggle for subsistence is wrenching and fascinating , inclusive of grueling decisions , exhausting endurance , and dilemmas of morality in the men 's resort to cannibalism . This is an enlightening tale that is made available to the uninformed reader due to its expert exposition and gripping story . It is a tale so great as to inspire some of the greatest fiction of our time and will even interest those ignorant of shipping and its history . A well written and interesting book .
 Once again , truth is stranger that fiction . No one could have , would have made this up . It would be too unbelievable on the silver screen or on the small screen ... even in the pages of novel -- But this did happen.A whale , being pursued , turning on its pursuers and sinking a whale ship !!! Quite a story in its own right , but the crew 's efforts to get home safely make it a gripping read.A book that should not be missed . Not only is it a good story , but an educational revealing look at the whaling industry.After reading this , Moby Dick will seem a lot more real than ever thought or imagined ... this was Herman Melville 's inspiration .
 You just ca n't ask for a more riveting tale of survival at sea , and what it means to go beyond the prescribed limits of perserence and will . A first rate read . Highly recommended .
 This book not only tells a terrific -LRB- and true -RRB- story , it is also superbly written with lucid decriptions and an eloquent narrative . Highly recommended . Ca n't wait to read Nathaniel Philbrick 's other books .
 In the Heart of the Sea was an extraordinary story about bravery , tragedy , and the heart of a small island off the coast of Massachusetts . Philbrick gives a wonderful description of early 19th-century Nantucket Island , providing a rich context for his recount of the tragedy of the whaleship Essex . Not only is this story one of adventure , and of great sadness , it is a unforgettable piece of history . Philbrick gives in-depth sketches of the men from the whaleship , allowing the readers to feel as if they know these men.Superb story , wonderful writing ... will not be forgotten .
 In the Heart of the Sea brings to life early nineteenth century Nantucket and makes it have an impact in our modern world . Upon first glance , I felt as if there would no way for me to connect to these men of a bygone era , but reading their harrowing tale , and seeing the way in which they reacted to the trying circumstances they were caught in , turned this nonfiction account into a real page turner . Philbrick did a wonderful job of making his book read like a best selling thriller , while at the same time keeping the story in perspective , and showing to the reader how all pervasive it was to those who spent their live 's in Nantucket . I would advise anyone about to embark upon a study of Melleville 's Moby Dick to read this first so they can gain a true perspective on whaling in Nineteenth century America . The only place where Mr. Philbrick 's book may have been lacking is in it 's conclusion where I think more could have been said about the psychological ramifications of what happened to the crewman of the whaleship Essex . All in all though , In the Heart of the Sea is a harrowing fast paced tale that is sure to remain in the mind 's of all those who read it .
 One of the few books that has really captivated me , In the Heart of the Sea is a masterful reconstruction of the events surrounding the sinking of the whaleship Essex by a peeved whale in the Pacific late in 1820 . It was evidently the first -- but certainly not the last -- such occurence , and was apparently the inspiration for Melville 's Moby Dick . Aside from dealing with the sinking and the frightful ordeal that the crew endured in the months following , the book provides the reader with much interesting information on the whaling industry and Nantucket during this era .
 This true story takes place in the early to middle 1800 's and its location on Nantucket Island and in the middle of nowhere . . asea . You learn that looking for whales is a group effort and when one is found , a grueling and dangerous activity to land it . The ship Essex was sunk by a whale and that was the inspiration for writing Moby Dick . It is most interesting reading about the survival of a few and how they eventually made it back to land . A pageturner .
 The book In The heart Of The Sea by Nathaniel Philbrick is an incredible book that that shows how human endurance is able to push the limits to an extreme . This book is about that whale ship the &#65533; Essex &#65533; and its adventure at sea from Nantucket Island to its crash sight and the rescues of stranded men in the Pacific Ocean off of South America . It is written based on the diary of a young sailor , which he keeps over the course of this long adventure . This story not only tells about this large crew of men that after being rammed by the very same whale they had tried to kill , but it also tells about history at this time , and it is a story of human survival at its hardest in desolated and harsh area of the world . It is an intriguing story that will hook readers from the very begging , and not let them go till they are in the boat . In The Heart Of The Sea is an amazing book , and will no doubt keep the attention of readers of most ages and will be one for those who read it to never forget.ByDylan
 I do n't give even 4 stars lightly , but this is on the order of absolutely essential reading for anyone with the slightest interest in the sea or history in general . The passages dealing with the unimaginable travails of these souls read with a real , visceral impact.Philbrick does a wondrous job of plotting the tale , expertly editing in excerpts from actual journals of several of the men.One of the very few books that I have immediately flipped back to page one and begun reading a second time . I did not want it to end . Has someone bought the movie rights to this yet ? If so , please tell me it 's not James Cameron ...
 Quite apart from being a fine narrative of the tragedy of the the whaleship ESSEX , this book is also remarkable for its literary worth . Mr. Philbrick is a very fine writer . This makes all the difference . In the hands of a man of lesser literary sensibility , it would not have turned out half so well , despite the compelling nature of the story . Aside from the authors of Lily Snow and Lolita , have there really been many American writers in the last thirty or forty years WORTH buying , as opposed to borrowing from a library . High questionable , that !
 I have read all the accounts of the Essex demise and this book gives balance to both Owen Chase 's account and that of Captain George Pollard . I had a hard time putting this book down . One is amazed of what these men did to survive . I will not give away any details but I assure you , you will be mesmerized . I highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a tale with the right mixture of history and adventure . Being a regular of Nantucket for the past 30 years , I was enchanted of the accounts of life on the island in its glory years and life on the high seas . A page turner , you will love this book !
 This is a fascinating book about how people cope with adversity . The adversity does n't begin with the sinking of the Essex after being rammed by a whale . It begins almost as soon as the Essex left port months before . Of course after the sinking the going really got tough and eventually survivors were reduced to cannibalism . Although the book is noted for all of that , the author does n't get the credit he deserves for his complete depiction of the life and times of the people engaged in the whale industry , the industry itself and the community that they left behind . This study of the New England whaling as personified by the officers and crew of the Essex as well as their families waiting at home , the internal politics of their day to day life and how they dealt not only with the challange of survival after being sunk by a whale but also the challenge of the remainder of their lives is really masterful .
 If anyone thinks that history is dull , read `` In the Heart of the Sea '' by Nathaniel Philbrick . This historian has the gift of relating an historic event as if it were a fictional adventure tale . Of course , the event which is the subject of this book , the last voyage of the whale ship Essex , which left Nantucket , Massachusetts , in 1819 on a planned three-year journey to hunt whales in the Pacific Ocean , is an incredible adventure , replete with an angry whale which rams the Essex and sinks it , the journey of the 20 crew members in three small boats , the amazing rescue of some of them , the cannibalism of the survivors who drew lots to select crew members to execute and then eat . Herman Melville used the true story of the sinking of the Essex by an angry 80 ' sperm whale , as his inspiration for Moby Dick . Along the way , Philbrick provides fascinating details of early 19th century whaling and life in Nantucket . This book was both exciting and informative .
 Not enough people have read Moby-Dick , and most people know it has something to do with a white whale and a nut called Ahab - oh yeah , and it starts off something like , `` Call me Ishmael . `` All the above information is correct but deceptively vague . The final scene in Herman Melville 's Moby-Dick involves the whale ship in the novel , the Pequod , being struck head-on by the giant white sperm whale . Some have question whether a whale would be able to do such a thing . In the Heart of the Sea proves this to be true.In the Heart of the Sea by Nathaniel Philbrick is the story about the tragedy of the whale ship Essex , which served as Melville 's research for the climactic final scene in Moby-Dick . In 1819 the Essex set sail on a multiple-year journey around the world in search of whale , specifically sperm whales and their rich and expensive oil . Fifteen months later , in the abyssal depths of the South Pacific , a whale rammed the ship head-on . The hull was crippled and the ship quickly sank ; all hands managed to escape on their large whaleboats.Twenty men in three boats were set adrift in the world 's largest ocean , with little supplies and diminishing hope . Nevertheless , their captain kept his courage
 I just had to read this historical retelling of the Essex after I enjoyed Moby Dick and Ahab 's Wife . Melville was inspired to write Moby Dick by the events surrounding the whaleship Essex . The Nantucket-based Essex was stove in by a large sperm whale and sunk . The men crowded into whale boats where they spent the next harrowing and thrilling 93 days in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . This true story is quite simply better than fiction.I was completely impressed by Philbrick 's narrative . The writing is superb and the book is well researched .
 Excellent . Non-fiction . Engaging . A survival story , not merely an adventure.The work explains the whaling industry of the 1800s and what was required of the sailors and their families .
 I learned about the story of the Essex in researching my family history . Captain George Pollard , Matthew Joy and Owen Coffin are all distant relations . Philbrick does an excellent job taking the reader along on this fateful , dark journey . This is a grim , harrowing story and it 's hard to read . However , I came away amazed and respectful of the courage these men demonstrated - especially the young Owen Coffin . I also appreciate Philbrick 's sensitivity . When things get pretty dismal , Philbrick relieves the reader by interjecting educational explanations for what is happening and why . This book is a must read for anyone interested in Nantucket history , Moby Dick or inspirational stories of human courage and perseverance . The sea is not for the timid !
 This is one of my favorite books of all time . The shocking sinking of the Essex -LRB- the inspiration for Moby Dick -RRB- is only the beginning of what the author turns into a gut-wrenching tale of a handful of sailors desperately trying to stave off starvation , thirst and madness as they try to make it from the middle of the Pacific back to South America . Philbrick 's writing is clear , powerful and incredibly engaging . It 's a hard book to both put down and get out of your mind after finishing it .
 Spell-binding story that is well worth the read . Lots of factual information about the history of the whaling industry and how that whole business worked . Good maps and technical treatment of the story . Entertaining read .
 This is unquestionably one of the best books I 've read this year . I just put it down minutes ago after reading it nonstop for 4 days ... and only because I had to go to work ! This masterfully crafted account of the events surrounding the Essex disaster brings together the facinating story of an unprecendented natural event , the unthinkable disaster it caused , excruciating journey of survival on open water and salvation in its aftermath , all born of a tiny little island and the titanic industry it produced . That any of these men survived this unthinkable disaster is a treatise to the human spirit and will to live . Add this one to your required reading for the beach bag this summer .
 Did you know that Melville 's Moby Dick was inspired by a true story ? In the Heart of the Sea recounts the harrowing experiences of the crew of the Essex , a 238-ton Nantucket whaling ship which was attacked and sunk by a lone , angry sperm whale in the middle of the Pacific Ocean in November , 1820 . The survivors went on to sail thousands of miles in the open water for months in search of land or rescue as their starved companions died around them . A truly fascinating story of survival and difficult decisions . Winner of the 2000 National Book Award for non-fiction .
 This is the precursor to Moby Dick , in which a sperm whale sinks a whaling ship . Then the crew must undertake a 3000-mile + voyage in whaleboats in the Pacific . A grisly story , but it 's packed with seafaring lore as well as scientific information about whales , starvation , thirst , and cannibalism . Very informative about 19th century sailing and whaling . A thoroughly satisfying tape .
 This incredible account of the whaling ship `` ESSEX '' is something you will feel and live as you read it line by line . This horrifying account is beyond my wildest imagination as to what these seamen experienced during this voyage . Exceptionally exciting .
 I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed this book . It 's the true story of the 19th century whaleship that was attacked and sunk by a sperm whale , and the 93-day ordeal of the crew fighting to survive -LRB- most did n't -RRB- in the three small whaleboats . -LRB- And of course , the book `` Moby-Dick '' was in part based on this event . -RRB- I thought the author did a fantastic job of telling the story , and while doing so injected bits of relevant history and science that helps the reader better understand the story and its context . It got me interested in doing additional reading on the whaling industry . -LRB- And who knows ... maybe I 'll be able to visit Nantucket someday ! -RRB-
 One of the best books I 've read in a very long time . The author Nathaniel Philbrick does an absolutely superb job narrating the tragic tale of the whaleship Essex ; not only does he give you an up close view of the ordeal the stranded sailors went through but he also gives a detailed -LRB- and interesting -RRB- look into the whaling business as well as life on the island of Nantucket in the late 1800s . From beginning to end I was caught up in the story , it would be a true shame if `` In the Heart of the Sea '' does n't become a classic and the story of the Essex 's crew becomes lost once more in the mists of time .
 This account of an epic adventure suffered from what I 'd call ` reportage ' . As I read this exciting book I found myself longing for the enthralling descriptive power of Patrick O'Brian marvelous prose . So imagine my joy in discovering - The Unknown Shore - by O'Brian ! The final part of that book is strikingly similar to - In the Heart of the Sea - . O'Brian 's masterful capacity to evoke the verisimilitude of his sailor 's plight wonderfully enhanced my memory the Essex book . I was so pleased !
 I grew up in New England and have visited Nantucket on many occasions . After reading this book my last visit to the whaling museum gave the whalejaws , the harpoons , the whaleboats and other artifacts new meaning.Whaling was an extraordinarily demanding and dangerous endeavor even when the whales were `` well-behaved . '' In this story , we have the drama of the Moby Dick theme coupled with a survival story that is amazing in and of itself.I found the writing excellent and the story well told . If readers have a chance to visit a whaling museum it will give the read a bit of an extra punch .
 What an extraordinary story ! I did not know that the whaleship ESSEX was the basis for `` Moby Dick '' -- it is a tremendous story of human hardship and endurance ; no wonder Melville was fascinated -LRB- as I was -RRB- . Philbrick brings his knowledge of Nantucket right to the surface . He does not skimp on the realities of whaling ; there is a particularly harrowing section on the inevitable starvation and cannabilism and its crew members . Philbrick 's writing makes the men sympathetic and come alive for a modern audience unfamiliar with this story . I know that should I ever visit Nantucket , the local whaling museum is the first place I will see .
 I can honestly say that I am now obsessed with whales . I knew nothing about the whaleship Essex before reading this book . I did n't even really want to read it in the first place , but I was looking for something to read and this was on my father 's bookshelf . It is a captivating story . An amazing example of courage and endurance , that is brought to life by the extensive research Philbrick has spent his time accumulating . I loved the way he intertwined old letters , facts , and historical documents with the storyline to tell the true story of the sinking of this famous ship as it was never told before . A VERY interesting story and a great read !
 Nathiel Philbrick 's superb In the Heart of the Sea
 After having visited Nantucket many times for summer vacation , this book lends a great view of the historical island in it 's real pretext . Although this is one of the most incredible adventure stories I have read , it is gruesome and tragic . The tragedy of the whaling ship Essex , makes Earnest Shakeltons antartic expedition look like a holiday in Bermuda . This book is not for the faint of heart , but it is none the less a miraculous account of human endurance , survival , and courage of the human spirit . It is astounding the adversity that we , as humans , are capable of overcoming . This book also gives quite a bit of insight into the gory world of 19th century whaling . I wo n't go into detail .
 If you are looking for a fast read that is not `` fluff , '' but intellectual and well-written , then pick up a copy of In the Heart of the Sea . I bought the book based upon its topic and the fact that it had won the Book Award , not based upon any interest in the history of whaling or Nantucket . But I left the book feeling that I had ventured into a little part of the past that I would still care to know more about . It 's also a great book to read along with Shackelton 's story in the book entitlted South . The two books showcase vastly differing outcomes that resulted from decisions made in the face of tragedy at sea .
 This is one of the best books Ive ever read . Simply amazing ... the will , determination , and strength of these men is something we can all learn from . It isnt one of those books I would usually read , but Im glad this one caught my eye . To miss it would be to be missing one of the best stories ever written .
 Much to my surprise , it is more than a story of a whale that rams a whaling ship out in the Atlantic Ocean and the trials and tribulations of the surviving crew members.This book contains much background history of Nantucket island , the whaling business during the 1800 's , the ships that were used to gather whale oil . and the various islands that were visited by the ships during the hunt for the whales ! Very interesting read ??
 Believe it or not this book was choosen with a coin toss . It was against another book that we also had little interest in . We had never heard of this book and were not looking toward reading a `` whaling tale '' . Our following meeting was so exciting because we all LOVED it . We were amazed how much we loved it and that too was so exciting . This book will stay with you a long time , we still bring it up now and again as the `` coin toss book '' . You will not be disappointed , the tale is true and you will become immersed in our past .
 In a way , the author has it easy
 This book tells the story of the ill-fated mariners of the whaleship Essex with a style that informs and evokes in equal measure . Expositional detail is deftly interwoven to give context sufficient to make this a fully fleshed treasure of nautical adventure . A minor classic .
 Anyone who enjoys historic tales of high adventure on the ocean will like this book . It has all the elements of classic fiction -- attack by a sea creature , struggle to survive against terrible odds , tension , hope , failure , success -- and everything us TRUE . Nathaniel Philbrick researches every last detail and writes about this historic event as if he were on the voyage himself . Very detailed and enjoyable read .
 Item shipped fast and arrived in perfect conditions , it has been suitable to my needs and I have nothing negative in response .
 The suffering of these men is above comprehension . This is a great read hard to put down . I recommend reading this story
 The story of the Essex is interesting to me , and this book fueled that interest and presented it very nicely . It is a little long in parts , but still very good . I would have liked to have learned more about sperm whales in the book.I definitely recommend this book .
 A true tale of a whale sinking a whaling ship in the middle of the Pacific and the harrowing trek back to land in the remaining , tiny harpoon boats . The brutal irony stays with you
 I read this book immediately after finishing ` Endurance
 Excellent read and excellent story.if done right this would be an awesome film.Getting the period right , the ship of the early 1800s , the whale attach and the story of survival - shown realistically and not exploitvily or gratuitious , the whale attack.this is a story begging to be told on the big screen . It would also make more people aware of this story that is , when first told of it , very hard to believe .
 Like many other reviewers , I found this story to be completely gripping . Yet , I found myself distracted at many times by what I felt was bias on the part of the author . Written in response to the recent discovery of a journal by the cabin boy , Nickerson , Philbrick relies heavily upon this resource . The journal was written in the end of Nickerson 's life , and though he claimed to have perfect recall of the events , Owen Chase 's accounting of the tragedy , co-written a year after his returns seems more credible , and was supported by the diary he kept while stranded at sea . Nickerson was also 16 at the time of his first , disastrous voyage , and clearly felt bullied by the strict first mate . As a result , Nickerson often appears biased in his recounting of events , a bias which is clearly picked up by the author as well.Nevertheless , the author paints a revealing picture of what the men were experiencing throughout , examining the psychological implications as well the physical disaster . The realities of New England whaling , and how it affected the communities -LRB- particularly Nantucket -RRB- provide fascinating background information for the story . The book straddles an awkward line between thrilling novel and non-fiction , and the author is never quite able to settle in the right spot . Caveat emptor - some of the more sensational accounts are presented alongside established facts , and little distinction is made between the two . However , the source material is all published , should you choose to investigate further.Despite my misgivings with the book , I feel it garners four stars for sheer entertainment value . Great vacation read , not ideal source for historical accounting , in my opinion .
 I finally bought this book after seeing it in a store in Newport a few years ago . I felt that the descriptions of whaling practices and historical accounts of events were well placed and well explained . One example , at one point in the book I was thinking that a simple map of the Essex 's route from Nantucket to the Pacific would be a nice reference and then a few pages later there was the map . Also , the portrayal of the story by Philibrick was an excellent account of early whaling and early Nantucket . In my opinion , the story of the Essex tragedy is one that should be much better known.I would highly recommend purchasing this book if you are interested in Whaling history or stories of the sea .
 I actually have n't had a chance to read it yet but I will say that anything by Nathaniel Philbrick has to be very good . More to the point , `` In the Heart of the Sea '' did not win the National Book Award for nothing !
 Exciting story of survival that will keep you wanting to read more with each chapter . A very well told true story !
 This was a very interesting and gripping story . The real life event that inspired Moby Dick this is a survival tale that should not be missed . These men 's story are a must read for any interested in survival or ocean going stories .
 This is easily one of the best books I 've ever read . The author provides all the information while getting to the point . You do n't read alot of extra mumbo jumbo to get to the good stuff . It dives right in from the beginning and flows right through to the end . It 's quick paced but does n't leave anything out . Some authors tend to give to much info or spend to much time on certain areas , not here . The story is amazing , the events are incredible , the men involved were truly adventurers of the grandest kind . Even if your not into the subject of whaling , maritime adventure , or world history , you would still probably enjoy this book . 5 stars all the way . I 've read nothing but non fiction for 12 years and this is in the top 5 if not top 3 of all that I 've read . Buy this book if you like a good read !!
 This is one of the best books I have ever read . It is difficult to put down and a shame to see it end . Highly recommend . !
 As a nonfiction and disaster buff , of course this book caught my eye . This amazing story of survival was made all the better by Philbrick 's skill at story-telling . The book is never dull . And he not only describes the shipwreck , but the whaling business and it 's culture in detail . With frequent allusions to other shipwrecks and disasters , this story has only piqued my interest .
 While a lively education in the history and culture surrounding America 's fledgling whaling industry and Nantucket 's early 19th century Quaker society , at it 's heart this is a harrowing and horrific tale of starvation and survival on seas that are anything but `` pacific '' . The whaleship Essex , 15 months into an expected journey of three years , is head-butted and sunk by a sperm whale , an unprecedented and bizarre attack that inspired Herman Melville 's classic `` Moby Dick . '' Left at a point in the Pacific that could not be further from land , the twenty crewmembers board three leaky whaleboats with limited food and freshwater . While south Pacific islands to west are more easily reached via the prevailing winds , Captain George Pollard yields to the officers ' fears of cannibalistic natives and makes the ill fated decision to tack easterly for the west coast of South America . Some ninety days of searing sun and pounding gales later , the battered , ulcerated , and skeletal survivors miraculously reach a precarious safety , delirious and gnawing like junkyard dogs on the bones of their recently departed shipmates.There is a natural fascination with tales of survival against incredible odds - an especially macabre fascination when survival is dependant on using fellow your travelers for sustenance . Author Philbrick plays this hand well , resisting sensationalism and treating a sensitive and highly emotional topic with dignity and empathy for both the survivors as well as their victims . In prose that is sparse and authoritative , Philbrick spices his story with topics as far ranging as sperm whale anatomy and the physiology and psychology of starvation and dehydration . He succeeds in capturing that rare combination of historical fact that is educational while at the same time as riveting as the best pop thriller . `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a brutal and bloody tutorial of the industry that was the backbone of the US economy , and the risks and sacrifices made by the men who farmed the floating oil fields of the oceans - and of the women they left behind . In short , a gripping slice of American history well researched and compassionately told - a worthy recipient of a National Book Award that should n't be missed .
 This is a first rate , well crafted work of non-fiction . The author has a gift for putting together a compelling narrative about the unusual ordeal of the whale ship , Essex , which sailed out of Nantucket and was done in on the high seas by an extremely aggressive sperm whale who attacked it . So complete was the damage that the ship sank , its crew of twenty cast adrift upon a seemingly infinite ocean to find their way back home in three small boats . This real life , unheard of attack by a whale was the basis for Herman Melville 's classic work of fiction , `` Moby Dick '' . What the author does is ground what happened to these most unfortunate of men in the historical context of the time . He paints a picture of the milieu in which they lived . Their lives were governed entirely by the whaling industry that was the bread and butter for Nantucket Island , the whaling capital of the world.Drawing upon narratives by some of the survivors , as well as other historical data , he paints in intricate detail what life must have been like for these men . He weaves a tapestry of early nineteenth century life on the island of Nantucket and the preeminence of whaling in the lives of those who lived there , as well as the role of the Quakers . In essence , he brings the men , who were involved in this most notorious of survival at sea stories , to life for the reader.It is a balanced narrative . This was to be the first voyage as Captain for the democratic George Pollard , who was teamed up with a very aggressive and ambitious first mate , Owen Chase . This was later to prove to be a poor combination . Nearly a third of the crew was African-American , which was an interesting twist , arising out of the abolitionist views of the Quakers , whose views were the mainstay of Nantucket . Most of the crew was very young , the cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson , being but fourteen years of age.When the Essex was attacked while on the high seas by a gigantic , aggressive sperm whale and destroyed in the process , the story of the what happened to the crew makes for one of the most engrossing and amazing stories of survival ever to be told . Against the odds , eight of them survived their ordeal , which lasted for months . Dehydration and starvation were to drive them to a new frontier of human behavior . That threshold , however , once crossed , was one that would forever haunt those who survived . Their agonizing journey and foray into anthropophagy is chillingly chronicled.This is a riveting and triumphant book . It is a tale richly told by a masterful storyteller , who is able to make this work of non-fiction come to life for the reader . This is simply a great book .
 Audio Cassette EditionNathaniel Philbrick leaves no stone unturned in this very tragic and complex , but true account of the wreck and sinking of The Whaleship Essex . Rammed by a huge sperm whale , that from all accounts was a definite attack on the ship , the crew , men who lived and profited by the sea and were the slayers of whales for the precious oil provided , were now the victims as the hunted became the hunter . It is an incredible story of man 's will to survive against all odds , that was the inspiration for Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' . Philbrick immediately draws you into , not only the lives of the Essex 's crew members , but the entire town of Nantucket , from where the ship sailed , detailing the close-knit families , the women 's roles and the daily life in Nantucket . Often revealing some very intimate details . The life on board a whaling ship , the hardships of the journey for both the crew and their families , and the journey itself through the vast ocean are all very much a part of this story.You will feel like you have gone back in time to 1820 , and are there with them , as the whale attacks the ship , the men nearly frozen by horror and disbelief , and the beginning of a long , horrifying journey , a fight to stay alive under some of the worst conditions imaginable.For thousands of miles , and many months , I was constantly amazed at their ingenuity , and stamina as they tried to find safety , food and water . Steering clear of islands they thought might be inhabited by cannibals , they later found they had to resort to that themselves . Questions still remain as to the actual circumstances that occurred.A handful of survivors left to tell the story , not all agreeing on some points , but enough so that this tragedy at sea and the men who lost their lives as well as those that survived may be remembered for their bravery . Philbrick delves into all the details , from the people involved , to procedures at sea , and even what became of the survivors through the years.The book is so well written , that it will grab you right away and wo n't let you go . Sometimes you have to keep in mind that this amazing tale is not an adventure novel.The reading of this audio book is excellent as well . Scott Brick sets the tone and captures the importance , the tragic events , and the emotions involved . This unabridged edition has 7 two-sided tapes , each one running about an hour and a half . Most of the second side of tape 6 and all of tape 7 is devoted to notes , journals and resources , which I found to be quite a big help in pointing out other books I may be interested in reading more about . I found the sound quality of this edition to be very good , with an occasional voice heard in the background -LRB- not sure if it was an echo or someone else speaking -RRB- , that in no way interfered with the reading . Sometimes the reviews for all editions of a book are lumped together on the product page . If you are interested in this audio edition the ISBN , or ASIN -LRB- listed on the product details -RRB- is 0736655042 . A book that will certainly get read again and again . Highly recommended read for anyone , but for those who love tales of the sea ... an excellent account of a tragic storyEnjoy the read ... Laurie
 A great story of endurance and survival after the loss of the Essex . The book gives a great character insight into the individuals involved , the Nantucket whaling industry and the ends to which some people will stoop to survive , including devouring your own nephew . Interestingly the relative acceptibilty of cannabilism , after the drawing lots was the greatest puzzle . Very interesting tale .
 This is an NYT bestseller and Nat'l Book Award winner . You 'll know the kudos are well deserved after reading . Nathaniel Philbrick does an excellent job in recreating the Nantucket whaling industry , the ship Essex and the terrible tragedy which befell it.It is the best of writing and history when the old becomes new again , the past comes alive , the unknown becomes familiar . Apparently , the story of the Essex was well known in the early 1800s and it may have formed the basis of Melville 's epic Moby Dick . Somewhere all that got lost to history but Philbrick gives it a heartbeat again.The research is scrupulous . The narrative flows easily and avoids becoming pedantic , while still imparting rich detail . The book is just the right size for a quick read but the emotion and the gripping scenes of life and death will stay with the reader . The ordeal is palpable and fascinating.If you like this story , I recommend Mutiny on the Globe by Thomas Heffernan , a whale ship story of the same period .
 An absolute stunner , beginning with the history of whaling in Nantucket , an island settled by Quakers in the 1600 's . Though 1 or 2 other reviewers suggest the meanness of the crew , I would state that , given the horrendous circumstances , all 18 showed a great degree of comraderie . Traveling through the Atlantic and Pacific ocean with a few stops in S. America and the Galapagos , their ship is attacked by sunk an angry whale , who may have sought revenge for the whaler 's attacks on his fellow sperm whales . Splitting into 3 groups in small whaling boats , the survivors do everything feasible to stay together and stay alive , though 3 -LRB- smart ones -RRB- decide to remain on the proverbial desert island . while others continue their awe-inspiring voyage . If cannibalism repels you , as it does us all , here is a situation where this beastliness was actually condoned . All in all , a great book , destined to be a classic !
 The Heart of the Sea ... A sad but exciting story . One of the best books I 've read . Sometimes it was hard to read through the grewsome canibalism the shipwrecked crew had to resort to , the days when they were weaker than a baby at birth , and the despair of being in the middle of the ocean with nothing but salty hardtack bread , some tortoises , and half a pint of water a day . It is an amazing story of loyalty , survival , belief , and strength.Anyone who reads this should be a little over 13 years old . It is graphic , grewsome , and a very mature story for some people who can not handle torture , canibalism , blood , and tension.This book was very well done and Nat Philbrick did a very good job combining the story from several survivor 's journals . He put it together well , and even though there was no dialoge , he gets the story down well . Almost every man on the Essex had a part in the survival of the crew . This event and tradegy is extremely worthy of recognition , especially on Nantucket Island , the homeland of mant men on the Essex . This is an AWESOME story of the men who survived 90 days on the sea .
 This is an amazing book . Initially , it comes across as sort of a spin-off on books like `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Perfect Storm '' -- both of which Mr. Philbrick has acknowledged as inspirations -- but I actually think `` Into the Heart ... '' surpasses both , particularly in the depth of feeling this book inspires . All the elements of a great adventure story are here
 Nat Philbrick 's book created much interest in this fascinating episode in American whaling history . It is a strange and almost impossibly unhappy story , but Mr Philbrick leaves all participants , even those that decided to violate our greatest taboo by eating dead crewmen , with dignity . The book is simply a great read .
 True life experiences can be even more fantastic than any fiction available . This is certainly the case with In the Heart of the Sea . I am in agreement with the other reviewers who just could not put this book down for a minute . At times this book is fascinating and at times horrifying ! This is more than an exciting true-life adventure , it is a great history lesson about the Nantucket culture . What is also really interesting can be found in the epilogue which relates the experience of a sperm whale that had washed ashore . Heartbreaking as it was , it was truly an amazing lesson of the strength of the whalemen on those small ships when modern man took a leap back in time ! It also pointed to the amazing , and complicated make-up of the sperm whale , a creature that is to be respected for it 's power and grace.On another note , for pure light-reading and for entertainment value only , I recommend reading Savages , by Shirley Conran . It is about several women fighting for survival on an island with cannibal tribes and guerilla warfare . It also depicts survival at sea with some accuracy.Read In the Heart of the Sea for yourself and learn something about the character of the Nantucket whalemen . You certainly wo n't be disappointed with this book .
 In the Heart of the Sea author Nathaniel Philbrick has managed to write not only an engrossing account of 19th century maritime tragedy , but he also reminds us of the roots of our culture and its ancient connections . Here we see the hunter gatherer male in archetype , drawing on his reserves of cunning and stamina , eerily reminiscent of his cave dwelling ancestors . Women left for two years at a time , empowered socially , economically and sexually , as only their American daughter 's nearly two centuries later will be . Raw American capitalism , with its emphasis on risk and reward , where the wealthy minimize their risk , and human labor is merely a commodity to be managed . Christian faith distorted into a communal ethos , based on mans greed versus the Almighty 's creed . A caste system of class , race and birthplace , whose fates conspire to determine those who would live and who would perish . Man 's arrogance and abrogation of nature , his sense of dominion and omnipotence overturned by the leviathan he pursues . More than a page turning epic , this book casts long shadows into who we are as an American people . We see our modern age , playing out in many of the themes that echo in the chapters of Philbrick 's masterpiece .
 Like many other reviewers , I could n't put this one down . This is a gripping tale of survival in the face of terrible circumstances , and also an interesting history lesson on the whaling port of Nantucket . I really felt sorry for the crew lost at sea in those tiny boats , dealing eventually with cannabalism , the very fate they sought to avoid by the Captain 's poor navigational decision . As moved as I was by this particular crew 's fate , I was even more moved by Philbrick 's description of life on a whaling ship . How miserable ! And doing that for two years at a time for miserable wages !! When I think my job sucks , I think of those poor sailors trying out a whale on the deck of that small ship in the dark , and I immediately feel better .
 The first chapter did n't grab me . By the time I finished the second chapter only a `` knockdown '' could have gotten the book away from me . I read it in a day and then read the notes . Well done , Mr. Philbrick , you brought to life the people of Nantucket who lived as my sea-going ancestors from Maine must have done . You made it so real we could smell the fog , feel the salt and heat , and weep for the decisions made under stress . The weaving of salient facts with the on-going narrative are effortless . This is a never-to-be-forgotten book . Thanks .
 I 'm not a fisherman or do I have much interest in boats , the ocean , etc. . My brother-in-law recommended this book and I can not use enough superlatives to describe what an enjoyable book this is . The historical details are intriguing and the story of the ill-fated whaling voyage is truly riveting . Even though you know how it ends , the story is so engrossing that I read this in a matter of days . Bring it to the beach , I guarantee you will not be disappointed .
 I am only about 2/3 through this book , but just have to say it is the most rip-roaring adventure book I have ever read ! It is full of information about the early 1800s , the whaling industry , the sea , and about whales that I have never known . It is all fascinating ! Although I am a girl -LRB- ahem ! -RRB- , I am loving every word of this book , as I also loved THE ENDURANCE and INTO THIN AIR and A FIRST RATE TRAGEDY recently , not to mention TARZAN , FRANKENSTEIN , etc. from years back . This book is highly recommended whether you fancy yourself an adventurer -LRB- armchair adventurers okay -RRB- or not .
 I ca n't imagine what I 'd do if I was placed in the situation described in this book - adrift at sea and casting lots to see whom would be eaten and whom would be spared , but In The Heart of the Sea does a good job of describing the dire circumstances and letting the individual reader make his or her own judgment as to the necessity of the acts.This book reminded me of two other books that I enjoyed.First , the detail on the ships and the whaling industry reminded me of The Perfect Storm and its detailed discussion of the swordfishing industry . This historical background information In the Heart of the Sea is helpful because it allows the reader to better understand the culture of the industry and the reasons why workers were placed in such appalling straits.The second book that is worth reading is The Custom of the Sea , which came out a few months ago . The Custom of the Sea centers on a shipwreck where three survivors killed and ate a fourth crewmember who was already dying of dehydration . In a breach from ordinary legal tradition , these survivors were tried for murder and Custom of the Sea does a very nice job of presenting the societal questions underlying the murder prosecution . In the Heart of the Sea does not explore these issues in the same depth , but both books are worth reading .
 Here is all you need to know so as not to spoil the story :1 . True story that inspired `` Moby Dick `` 2 . New england Puritan whaleing mafia3 . Lost at sea for 90 days4 . Cannibalism and lots of it ! 5 . SurvivalIf any of these things peak your interest , buy it ! It 's amazing as many people before can tell you . You will not regret this book . IF you do not like this book you have my personal garuantee that you are a simple and prudish person that has no buisness reading.This book will haunt you .
 In November 1820 the Nantucket whaleship Essex was attacked by an angry spermwhale , 1,500 miles off the coast of Peru . This is the true story that inspired Melville to write Moby Dick . After the Essex sank , the 20 crew members took to the open seas of the central Pacific in three whale boats . In the Heart of the Sea is a historian 's account of the Nantucket whaling industry , the personalities of individuals , the destruction of the Essex and the three-month open-boat journey plagued by thirst , hunger , cannibalism , and bad management decisions . The book reads as smoothly as any novel yet is backed up by the authority of years of research by a historian specializing in Nanctucket Island -LRB- off the Cape Cod peninsula in Massachusetts -RRB- .
 If you liked Endurance about explorer Ernest Shackelton , you will LOVE this book too . The added pleasure of this book is the rich lesson in American and Nantucket history and early American culture - both the human history and the wonderful and tragic history of the great sperm whale . This will become a classic a New England tale , a highly readable synopsis of previous writings on this very same subject matter .
 first of all , despite all the nice explanation of Essex , it 's doubtful that this book won the national book award . i think there are bunch of books out there which wait for winning the award , and certainly have better stuffs . but i ca n't criticize this book . -LRB- i 'm not a book-review-person or what . . -RRB- anyway ... this book was just a regular book to me .
 I purchased the paperback version instead of the Kindle version because it was $ 5 less from Amazon . That is the reason for removing one star . I have just started reading the book and appears to be worth the read hence the 4 stars .
 This may be , with the exception of Doris Kearns Goodwin 's equally compelling but more familiar TEAM OF RIVALS , the most moving and thrilling and sagacious nonfiction book I 've read . It lacks NOTHING , you are with the whale men all the way , and there is education of whaling itself to boot . I love a book that tells me a thrilling story , all the more exciting for its having actually happened , and teaches me as well . I learned , for example , the great extent to which Nantucket was responsible for the whaling industry in the world . I learned how a whale is `` taken '' and reduced to its blubber/oil . I did not cringe any the less for knowing it ; far from it , in fact . I felt , as many of the Essex crew began to feel , that what happened to them was , if not divine retribution for wholesale slaughter of an entire species , at least poetic justice . Yet , Philbrick allows his reader their own intelligence to decide . It 's an adventure story par excellence , and can be read on that level alone . But what a story ! Eclipsed by the Titanic story decades later , this was a marine disaster the likes of which still has the power to show us both the tragedies man brings on himself by attempting to tangle with Nature , and the power and reslience of the human spirit to survive . Altogether , a powerful and highly recommendable read .
 This is a first rate , well crafted work of non-fiction . The author has a gift for putting together a compelling narrative about the unusual ordeal of the whale ship , Essex , which sailed out of Nantucket and was done in on the high seas by an extremely aggressive sperm whale who attacked it . So complete was the damage that the ship sank , its crew of twenty cast adrift upon a seemingly infinite ocean to find their way back home in three small boats . This real life , unheard of attack by a whale was the basis for Herman Melville 's classic work of fiction , `` Moby Dick '' . What the author does is ground what happened to these most unfortunate of men in the historical context of the time . He paints a picture of the milieu in which they lived . Their lives were governed entirely by the whaling industry that was the bread and butter for Nantucket Island , the whaling capital of the world.Drawing upon narratives by some of the survivors , as well as other historical data , he paints in intricate detail what life must have been like for these men . He weaves a tapestry of early nineteenth century life on the island of Nantucket and the preeminence of whaling in the lives of those who lived there , as well as the role of the Quakers . In essence , he brings the men , who were involved in this most notorious of survival at sea stories , to life for the reader.It is a balanced narrative . This was to be the first voyage as Captain for the democratic George Pollard , who was teamed up with a very aggressive and ambitious first mate , Owen Chase . This was later to prove to be a poor combination . Nearly a third of the crew was African-American , which was an interesting twist , arising out of the abolitionist views of the Quakers , whose views were the mainstay of Nantucket . Most of the crew was very young , the cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson , being but fourteen years of age.When the Essex was attacked while on the high seas by a gigantic , aggressive sperm whale and destroyed in the process , the story of the what happened to the crew makes for one of the most engrossing and amazing stories of survival ever to be told . Against the odds , eight of them survived their ordeal , which lasted for months . Dehydration and starvation were to drive them to a new frontier of human behavior . That threshold , however , once crossed , was one that would forever haunt those who survived . Their agonizing journey and foray into anthropophagy is chillingly chronicled.This is a riveting and triumphant book . It is a tale richly told by a masterful storyteller , who is able to make this work of non-fiction come to life for the reader . This is simply a great book .
 In 1820 the whaleship Essex of Nantucket , shipping a vacillating captain and a headstrong first mate , was attacked by a sperm whale in the Pacific Ocean . For three months , crewmen survived in open boats , until a handful of survivors finally washed up in Chile . `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a fascinating introduction to the nineteenth century whaling industry and a peek at the clannish Quaker community that was Nantucket island.The story of the Essex inspired Herman Melville to write `` Moby Dick '' , and perhaps the elements that Melville magnified are the most powerful part of the tale - the personalities of the officers . Philbrick carefully explains the social significance attached to being a Nantucketer versus an off-islander as well as the importance of intricate old-family ties in the whaling industry . Set against this context we have Captain Pollard , a courageous if weak commander , and first mate Owen Chase , a daring officer whose command skills improved as he shared the suffering of the men in the small whaleboats - though he was the one to convince Pollard to make the disastrous mistake of sailing eastward in the tiny boats.As much as this is an introduction to whaling and a rousing sea tale , it is a story of contrasting personalities . Men at sea live and die by the quality of their commanders , and in the story of the Essex we see them do just that .
 Mr. Philbrick has accompished the greatest of acheivements , that being a historical novel which makes you feel as if you , the reader were floating on the sea with the survivors of the whaleship Essex . -LRB- Pardon the run-on sentence :--RRB- . This is not only a book for all ages , it is one FOR the ages . To say I was overwhelmed and taken aback would be a terrible understatement on my part.This ripping tale of 1800 's whaling is a modern masterpiece that in my opinion , should be required reading for all high school students . I do fear however that Hollywood will intervene at a point in the near future and attempt to re-tell this tale . I would suggest any reader captivated by `` In the Heart of the Sea '' to view a History Channel presentation of History Lost & Found , The Essex . I believe we should not do diservice to the lives of these brave men by putting a Hollywood spin on their story . -LRB- Mr Philbrick might disagree as the royalties could prove quite lucrative -RRB- . Let us leave this history where it belongs , through the pages of a book . In this readers ' opinion , this book , in particular is the best place to start your education of the subject . Fabulous , Stunning reading and I will guarantee a `` one-sitting '' finishing !
 Nathanial Philbrick 's new book contains a story of high adventure with all the right ingredients of adventure , danger and triumph . It is also a story firmly grounded in reality and the account contains many aspects -LRB- such as cannibalism and the thinly concealed social politics -RRB- that raise the book above being another page-turner . Coming from England I was familiar with Shackleton 's similar experience almost a century later and had thought that that was probably the ultimate adventure at sea but this account far surpasses that . The different social make-up of the Essex 's survivors makes the whole adventure very different , and indeed it is used very effectively as a vehicle to examine the structure of the whaling society of the time . The combined stranglehold of class and religion upon the society of the time is well illustrated.Overall , the book is suprisingly short . It packs a lot of detail into its pages but has left me wanting more . It 's given me an appetite for reading about the life and times of sailing ships and their crews that I 'm sure to follow up .
 This story of the sinking of the Nantucket whaleship Essex is fascinating on several levels . Rammed by an apparently angry sperm whale , the crew spends months sailing in small whaleboats seeking safe haven . They resort to cannabalism to survive -- first eating the dead , but later drawing lots to decide who is to die . Along the way , the author describes life in Nantucket in the early 1800s , how whaleships were organized , the capturing and exploiting of whales , why whaleships took two and three year tours into the Pacific , and why whale oil made ship owners so rich . But in the end , the cannabalism , and the reaction of Nantucket society to it , is the focus of the story . Written in easy-to-read prose , it makes for quick summer reading .
 I found this book to be a fascinating look at the decisions people make in real life that lead to unintended consequences , or , in this case , to the actual consequences they feared the most . The author 's descriptions of the Nantucket life style and insular home situations show how they men managed to hang together in even the direst of circumstances . The descriptions of whaling make this a real true life `` Moby Dick '' story . The author puts us in the boat with the whalers and in the end we understand the decisions each man took , whether it was
 This is my second Nathaniel Philbrick book , the first being `` Mayflower '' and I believe he is a fantastic storyteller . I could not put this book down and I look forward to his next . Philbrick does his homework with extensive research . He not only entertains , but he educates as well . If the reader is interested in a great story , an outstanding history lesson and total entertainment , this is the book ! Would love to see it made into a movie .
 This is how history should be written ! Philbrick 's account of the tragedy of the Essex is gripping , vivid , and painstakingly researched . Not only does Philbrick cover the events that led to the sinking of the ship , but he gives you the necessary background on the whaling trade , the epoch , and the personalities of the crew , so the reader can completely understand the context of the event . Philbrick writes with an authority and an ease which will keep you turning the pages far into the night.The story of the Essex was as well known in the 19th century as the Titanic in the 20th . -LRB- Melville 's famous novel , Moby Dick , was based on the Essex . -RRB- Due to a series of mishaps , the Essex found itself in less than perfect condition when it was rammed by a whale in the middle of the Pacific . It was not long before the ship sank , leaving its crew members crowded on two few whaleboats , with scant provisions . What followed was a decision that was mind-boggling in its stupidity . Instead of allowing the crosswinds to take them to the Polynesian Islands , they decided to make their way to Chile . -LRB- The crew was afraid of encountering cannibals , which was ironic given the outcome of their voyage . -RRB- In spite of their best efforts , the winds eventually blew the boats to Polynesia . Now came their biggest mistake . In true , pig-headed Nantucket fashion , they STILL tried to cross the Pacific , a voyage of several thousand miles . What followed was predictable -- they ended up eating one another . By the time they were rescued , the survivors of the Essex made a horrifying sight , `` their beards caked with blood ... sucking on the marrow from the bones of their dead shipmates . `` Several things stood out from this account . One was the degree to which the whaling trade dominated American life in the mid-18th century . Whale oil was the petroleum of the 19th century , which meant whalers exerted enormous economic influence . Another was the degree to which cannibalism was resorted to after shipwrecks . -LRB- It was so common that when sailors were rescued , they felt compelled to make a declaration if they had NOT eaten one another . -RRB- The last was the undeniable fact that the enormous whale which sank the Essex did n't accomplish this feat by accident . The whale chose the weakest spot of the ship to ram , then backed up , increased its speed and rammed the boat again . It was very clear that it intended to kill the ship , and that it knew how . One can not help but be impressed.This is an account that will stay with you . If I were teaching American history , I would make it required reading .
 I thought this book was great . It is a quick read that keeps you interestd until the end . You feel like you are right there with the men on the boat as you read the hardships they had to endure . The most amazing part of the story is the fact it is true .
 I happened to see this book at the local library and being a fan of Herman Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' , I picked it up . The tragic fate of the whaleship Essex and it 's crew was the inspiration for ` Moby Dick '' and I was riveted by the account here from beginning till the end.Author Nathaniel Philbrick -LSB- who also wrote `` Mayflower '' -RSB- brings this historical account to life , portraying a bygone era where whaling was an important industry and paints a vivid portrait of the lives of whalers . The account basically focuses on the years 1819-1821 and tells the story of the whaling ship , Essex , which was based on Nantucket Island . Though perceived to be a lucky ship , the Essex suffered a tragic fate when it was rammed and sunk by a raging giant sperm whale . To read this after reading `` Moby Dick '' made me truly appreciate the perils suffered by the crew of the whaling ship . In essence , this is not just a historical account but also a tale of desperation and survival . The author writes with an assured hand and chronicles the survival tactics employed with such graphic detail and imagery . The mass starvation and acts of cannibalism resorted to by desperate men makes for an excruciating and unforgettable read . Anyone who has ever wondered about the inspiration for Herman Melville 's story of Moby Dick should read this .
 The Essex was a whaling ship that was attacked and sunk by a sperm whale in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . Accounts of this tragedy inspired Herman Melville to write Moby Dick . The story of the voyage , sinking and , struggle for survival of the crew is deftly handled and well told by Nathaniel Philbrick . He has written a book with broad appeal by infusing the story with just the right amount of historical and social background not to distract from the narrative of what was a truly harrowing survival tale.Very well done .
 Well , once I started , I could n't put it down . My word . It was pretty grisly in parts , but really compelling . The author did a great job of following all the survivors , mapping out where the were -LRB- 3 were on an island , and of the 3 boats , 2 were rescued -- after some people died -RRB- , and it was very easy to read . I also liked the author 's comments on leadership and so forth . Recommended w / the caveat that there are some descriptions about sad animal stories + lots o ' cannibalism . -LRB- I did n't know if it was really necessary to describe what it 's like to eat someone who has starved to death , but then the author is also a scholar and why would he lighten up in this area ? -RRB-
 I heard this story on audio tapes when hospitalized . It was spellbinding . I ordered it for my daughter who lives in Chicago . She is an avid reader and is reading this tale as I write this review .
 This is an excellent book that describes a remarkable though unfortunate experience at sea . Unlike many true accounts that read more like high school history text books , this one is more like actually being there .
 `` It is an ancient Mariner , And he stoppeth one of three . ` By thy long beard and glittering eye , Now wherefore stopp ` st thou me ? `` I just finished reading ` In The Heart of the Sea , Tragedy of The Whale-Ship Essex ' by Nathaniel Philbrick . This is a fictionalized account of a historical maritime event which took place in 1820 . Starting in Nantucket Island , the whaling capital of the world , the story recounts the happenings of a whale-ship commanded by Captain George Pollard Jnr up until the ship was rammed by a 85 foot long sperm whale in the Western Pacific . The surviving men sailed 4500 nautical miles south-east to be saved by other ships on the Chilean coast . They spent a total of 93 days with little fresh water and dried bread in the baking sun of the Equator . Reduced to cannibalism , the book charts their slow and inevitable decline into madness and eventual death ; of the twenty two men who set out originally only 5 returned home.In its time this story captured the imagination of millions , the vicious and revengeful spirit of the whale wrecking havoc on its persecutors , and driving them to wander the desolation of the burning waves of the ocean . This was the account which inspired the ` Moby Dick ' of Herman Melville , and numerous poems and epics . The extraordinary thing I found out was that the Nantucket whalers were all Quakers , usually a people much committed to peace and ideals of harmony , once they set sail their demeanor became that of bloodthirsty and savage hunters ... eager for killing!Philbrick presents and amazing and accurate portrait of the American society barely 30 years after the revolution . Nantucket itself was a harbor for runaway slaves seeking employment , and were to all records of the time accorded due respect and dignity . However the native Wampanoags gradually diminished in numbers over the years . It is difficult to objectively view past historical events such as these , without resorting to modern systems of morals and ethics . Certainly it is absolutely horrifying that our ancestors very nearly exterminated an entire species of -LRB- magnificent -RRB- creature , their motive was purely the accumulation of wealth , and in the final analysis one wonders what it was all about ; the average life a sailor was absolutely miserable , hard in aspects which are well beyond our appreciation and the ultimate rewards merely dust blowing in the wind.This book certainly gives some food for thought , and I highly recommend it to anyone with a slight interest in history , touching as it does on an active part of the industrial revolution occurring throughout the world at that time . Perhaps the most fascinating aspect of this book is the investigation of human psychology when placed within an extreme survival context , an environment which lends itself to the most bizarre and barely imaginable actions . And for those who tend thoughts of hunger and thirst , I ask them to read this book first and then complain !
 This book is a wonderfully written true tale of the disaster of the whaleship Essex . This crew of Nantucketers and off-islanders endured the most horrible adventure at sea . An enourmous Sperm Whale rams the boat and sends these men into a 90-day whirlwind of starvation , dehydration , delusion , despair , insanity , death , and eventual recovery . The way Nathaniel Philbrick depicts every aspect of their hellish journey puts you at the helm . I highly recommend this book for those who want to know what REALLY happened to the crew of the whaleship Essex back in the early 19th century , and how Melville was inspired to write his famous novel `` Moby Dick '' .
 WOW -- what a journey . This is much more than a true story of a nasty encounter with a mad whale . It is the story of life ; the unexpected encounters , the nature of alternative responses , the internal dissentions , the struggle for power , and all that we endure in life . This is a `` must read '' for anyone seriously studying business . What 's the plan , what 's the contingency , where is the `` fall-back '' , etc. ? A great read .
 A page turner , a captivating true story -LRB- the best kind , for me -RRB- of the whaleship Essex and the things men are capable of . I have told many people about this book and everyone else who has read it agrees with me !
 I am a big skeptic when I read these types of books . I always assume the author is filling in the substantial blanks in the story with his own interpretation & fluff . I did not feel that way with this authors version of the story.The story was really entertaining . It was a page turner that kept me up too late on work nights . I think I read the last 1/3 of it without putting it down.Highly recommended . You will learn a lot about whaling and Nantucket , both of which I surprisingly found captivating .
 A very good story , but as the whalers were slaughtering every whale in sight and dragging the giant Galapagos turtles into their mess halls for dinner , I was cheering for the whales .
 The tragic story of the Whaler `` Essex '' supposedly inspired Mellville to Pen `` Moby Dick '' , though I 'd suspect that the tales of the crew of Essex only rose above a well founded lore of a precarious trade . In `` Heart '' , we are told not only of the Essex , but also of the contemporary whaling industry . Centered in Northeast America , about as far from the whaling waters of the Pacific as you can get , the Whalers would sail around Tiera Del Fuego in South America in search of their prey . But author Philbrick also shows us the people , the staunchly pious Quakers who financed the trade and , holding with their abolitionist views , crewed their ships with emancipated slaves . The insecurities of the pious would be a great explanation for why whalers ported so far from their hunting grounds , although the lack of any comparable industrial base in contemporary California -LRB- and the inability to transfer there -RRB- would be a more practical explanation . Philbrick does n't really explore that issue . Instead , he shows us the crew of the Essex on the hunt and then , in a sudden reversal , tossed to the sea when a rogue sperm whale rams their ship and sinks it . Not quite the prey , the Essex 's crew are now helpless in the middle of an ocean from which they plundered . The sea knows no heroes , but it recognizes acts of cruelty , and even the crews ' morality of equality -LRB- which will play a role when the nation goes to war against itself 40 years down the line -RRB- seems to go down with the ship when the specter of cannibalism arises . Incredibly , this tale - whose ending is ofcourse a foregone conclusion - is an incredible page turner .
 When I started to read this book , I discovered that it was more than a whaleship 's wreck story . It talks about the leadership of one man -LRB- Owen Chase -RRB- and the weakness of another
 This true story of the whaleship Essex caught and held my attention as I read through it as quickly as I could . Even though non-fiction , it reads like an adventurous novel -- a much better read than Moby Dick.The author includes the historical context and taps several sources to provide details about the tragedy , as well as the whaling industry.I think this book has what it takes to appeal to all readers . It is insightful , reavealing , entertaining and suspenseful while being entirely unique.My wife and I both read it within a week and highly recommend it .
 Herman Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' is a novel far more widely praised than read . Those of us who have cracked the covers on this daunting work have more often than not become utterly entranced with its detailed depiction of the whale trade at its apogee . One could not help but wonder how Melville , no mean sailor himself , had managed to create a world as deep as the sea which inspired it.The answer has arrived with Nathaniel Philbrick 's `` In the Heart of the Sea . '' The Nantucket whaleship Essex and the misfortunes which befell it following its encounter with an enraged sperm whale in the trackless Pacific Ocean inspired Melville 's timeless novel.Whereas `` Moby Dick '' reaches its climax with the destruction of the Pequod by the great white whale , the suffering of the men of the Essex begins here , stranded thousands of miles from hospitable land with meager provisions in boats suited only for short jaunts . Their tale of perseverance , survival , and redemption rivals that of the Wedding Guest in Coleridge 's `` Rime of the Ancient Mariner . `` If the recent success of the blockbuster movie `` Castaway '' has whet your appetite for stories of epic struggle for survival , you will devour `` In the Heart of the Sea . `` If , on the other hand , you follow the outgoing President 's habit of purchasing books because they look nice on the shelf and impress down-on-their-luck former beauty queens , I should point out that the jacket of this book is quite attractive and may suit your tastes as well .
 I was impressed with how Mr. Philbrick was able to share just the right amount of detail . When reading the narrative of the canniblaism I was just about to shout , enough ! when he stopped . The book flowed well and was never boring . The explanations of whaling and the culture , both in Nantucket and on ship , were well done . The sadness of wrong decisions and how they can have such a devestating affect on others is something many of us can relate to as we make decisions throughout life . I appreciated the Epilogue , but felt the extensiveness of the Notes were unnecessary . It was already evident that much research had gone into this book . This book is certainly not for everyone . those who are looking for a love story will not find it here . It is a true story about people coping in an extreme situation and what they feel they must resort to .
 Do n't see how anyone would n't give this book 5 stars . I 've read it three times and love it each time . It explores the limits of manhood , moral standards , and leadership .
 Philbrick studiously relays an obviously well-researched tale of the Whale Ship Essex . This story in the 1800s was an inspiration for Melville to write Moby Dick . I think he -LRB- Philbrick -RRB- does a great job of finding the right balance of historical perspective , biography of those involved , technical aspects of the whaling business , and the human interst of the tale itself . It is an enlightening read which becomes a real page turner . I read this book and Da Vinci Code in the same summer . This book is better . It is far more interesting and held my interest and never let go which could in par be because I find tales of real life to be always more inspiring/interesting than fiction .
 I love this vein of books . Books like Into Thin Air , Endurance -LRB- Shackeltons adventure -RRB- , Touching the Void , etc. . This book was a real page turner . The kind that makes you constantly wonder what you would do in a similar situation . You ca n't wait to find out what is going to happen to these people and see how resourceful they are and if they can find a way out of their almost impossible situation . Super fun to read .
 The story In the Heart of the Sea is about a whale boat named the Essex . The story takes place on the boat . In the beginning of the story it tells you the History of the Island named Nantucket . Early in the Islands history the Island was supposed to be a place to herd Livestock . Every year whales came to there Island because it was were they naturally migrated . So a man decide to hunt these whales . The whales he hunted were Right Whales . The whale was called this because it had good oil so this is how the Island became a whaling Island . Then one day a whaling ship killed a Sperm Whale . This whale had more and better oil so the Island started to hunt these whales . The journeys the whalers took to hunt these whales first lasted from 6-9 months then they lasted from 3-4 years . The whaleship Essex had a crew of about 20-25 . This ship traveled from Nantucket which is off the coast of Boston , Massachusetts to down and around South America up past the Galapagos Islands . Then about a 1000 miles of the coast of the Galapagos Islands the ship was rammed by a Sperm Whale . This is the first recorded case of a whale ramming a ship . All the men got off the boat and onto the lifeboats . They had a long and tough journey to get to South America . A few men die but the rest of them make it South America alive . The people that died on the way to South America were eaten by the other crew members in order to survive the Journey.After you read a the summary of the book that I wrote you should want to read it . I wanted to read it because it was a exciting adventure book . I like most people love great adventure stories . So if you like exciting stories you should read this one .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I could n't put it down . It is an intense thrill by thrill account of a harrowing 90 day ride and for those who survived , an epic event they would likely want to have left out at sea . Well worth your time .
 Being the ardent land lover that I am , I tended to stay away from books of the nautical variety until the day I picked up Nathaniel Philbrick 's gem In the Heart of the Sea . I can say without any hesitation this is one of the best nonfiction books I have read , period.In the Heart of the Sea relates the story of the ill-fated voyage of the whaleship Essex and the tragic survival story of it 's crew . On November the 20th 1820 , an 84 foot whale sunk the 238 ton whaleship nearly 3,000 miles off the coast of South America . The crew than floundered about the endless expanse of the Pacific for 93 days in leaky whaleboats with little food and water , plagued by high seas , dehydration , starvation and were soon forced into cannibalism . The tragedy of the Essex is one of the most dramatic ever to unfold on the high seas . This is the very stuff that inspired Herman Melville 's famed Moby Dick.The book starts out introducing us to the times and culture of the ships home port of Nantucket , the whaling capital of the world . Immersing us in it 's history , Philbrick details how a small island off the coast of Massachusetts became the most active and dominant whale port in the world and puts us into context with the rest of the story . As a land lover , I knew nothing of the ranks of seamen , the trappings of a whaleship or the rituals and traditions associated with the preparations and sailing of a whaleship but I never found myself lost on the deck of the ship . Philbrick deftly manages to include all the necessary details in order to place me right on there with the crewmen , without drowning me in nautical lingo or unnecessary detail.From the moment the Essex 's set sail to the moment it sank , you are drawn into life onboard the whaleship . With fascinating and sometimes grisly detail , Philbrick pulls the reader in as the crew faces sudden squalls and mountainously high seas as they make their way from the east coast of the United States to the whale rich waters of the deep South Pacific . Along the way , the story is related to us less like a historic text and more like good fiction . We get to know the crew of the Essex ; their personalities , histories , hopes , fears and everything in between . You are even guided step by step through the grisly process of extracting the oil from the captured sperm whales.For 93 days , the crew of the Essex floundered on the high seas . With little food , water or equipment , the crew journeyed for 4,500 nautical miles all the while suffering from the effects of dehydration , starvation and even the withdrawal effects of tobacco . The crew make tremendous efforts while battling high seas , storms and even sharks . The author even includes some interesting and useful details on the physiological and psychological effects of starvation and dehydration . The crew also had to face the terrifying fact that any one of their boats may be lost in a storm . All three of the boats concluded that if one of the boats was lost , the others would just keep going for fear of fruitlessly wasting time in a search effort . The situation these men faced was desperate.Philbrick does not shy away from the gruesome details of the crews subsequent fall to cannibalism . You ca n't help but be physically taken aback as you read the account of how the crew drew lots to see whom would be shot and consumed ; the Captain himself eventually had to eat his own cousin . However , the author notes that while this act was taboo , it was hardly the first time this occurred around the time period . He briefly delves into other accounts of nautical cannibalism and is quick to point out the ` unspoken ' rule of survival on the high seas.Upon ending the book , the author relates to us the stories of the survivors . Their recovery , what they did after the rescue and how they were greeted by the rest of society . I found this of particular interest , many of the survivors chose to return to the sea , even after the terrible ordeal.The book also includes many useful and interesting pictures midway through the book . Pictures of the various people such as the First Mate and Captain and others are given . Drawings and diagrams of the whaling ships are a great addition , and of course pictures of sperm whales are included also.No one is more qualified to relate this story than Nathaniel Philbrick . The book is exhaustively researched , look no further than the 69 pages of notes at the end of the book . He is a research fellow at the Nantucket Historical Association and currently is residing on the island . He relies heavily on the first hand accounts of the first mate Owen Chase , and the newly discovered journal of the cabin boy Thomas Nickerson , as well as secondary letters from the time period and the island historian of the time , Obed Macy . Philbrick manages to recreate the tragedy of the Essex in an easy to read manner . My only qualm with the book is that at some points the narrative can be somewhat dry . But this may very from reader to reader and hardly overshadows the rest of the book . In the Heart of the Sea delivers it all , an epic story of survival , tragic ending and good writing . I highly recommend it .
 In 1819 , the Nantucket based whale ship Essex set off on a two year journey , around Cape Horn and into the whale rich waters of the South Pacific . With a new captain , first mate and many green sailors , the trip suffered from several minor setbacks -LRB- not unusual in the trade -RRB- , before the Essex was sunk in the first documented case of a ship being attacked by a sperm whale , estimated to be an 85 foot monster.Relegated to whale boats , not suited for long trips on the open ocean , and hampered by trade winds which prevented steering a direct course for South America , the survivors spent three months in their whale boats , suffering through unimaginable bouts with starvation , dehydration , weather and ultimately cannibalism.This work paints a fascinating picture of the people and the culture of Nantucket and the whaling community , the Essex in particular . It is educational and instructive in both the customs of the era and the trade , as well as the psychology involved in disaster response and leadership . I have read numerous accounts of extreme exploration and the privations associated therewith and this treatment is very good in that genre . There are two very good maps and several photos and illustrations which assist the reader in following the narrative.The book is very short , at 230 pages with additional notes and reference material . My only quibble is that the endnotes are not associated with the primary text . A reader will finish the entire book , before even discovering that there are , in fact , notes associated with the text . Being able to read the notes in conjunction with the text would have been instructive .
 Marvelous story of an epic struggle of men against the sea . Stove by a whale , the Essex collapsed and sank . Every party in the crew , their actions and fates are discussed . The society of their Nantucket home , the impact of it on the tragedy and of the tragedy on the community are discussed thoroughly.What a great book . I recommend it .
 one of the best books I 've read in years - and has made me go back to read more like this . The story is both engaging and accurate . Would recommend to anyone .
 This was a great book and a great history of New England and Nantucket whaling - written with the enthusiasm and excitement of a novel but with the facts of the true occurrances about the whaleships .
 I seem to be quite partial to sea stories and this one is a real winner . Philbrick knows how to write!I will leave the finer details to the other reviews written !
 First , let me dispatch any brooding reader from his or her fence-sitting about whether this book is worth the purchase price and time needed to read it through
 Philbrick 's 238 page introduction to the history of Nantucket , its emergence as a global whaling center , and the perilous adventure of the whale ship Essex in 1820 is gripping . Readers will fly through this history , and perhaps want more . If so , Philbrick virtually implores us to continue our whaling studies by picking up Melville 's classic , Moby-Dick . It seems Melville found his fiction -LRB- either directly or by way of Ralph Waldo Emerson -RRB- in the gritty realism of the Essex voyage . An 85-foot sperm whale -LRB- The Leviathan ! -RRB- strikes the Essex in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . Eighteen sailors find themselves in a precarious position.Shackleton 's epic tale of heroic survival is echoed here , too . Once the Essex founders , three small whaleboats jury rigged with canvas sails struggle across thousands of miles of ocean . The actions of stout-hearted men come under close scrutiny
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book about the tragedy of the whaleship essex . The beginning of the book puts you in the context of the whaling industry of Nantucket in the early 19th century . Over - `` fishing '' had already forced the whaleships to travel from Nantucket all the way to the Pacific Ocean to look for abundant whales . On one voyage , the Essex was rammed by a huge sperm whale and sank . The ensuing tale of the castaways voyage in small whaleboats from the middle of the pacific ocean to the coast of latin america is tragic and gruesome.The tale is very interesting and informative however and also well written . It was a nice touch that the author devoted a significant part of the book to the lives of the survivors after the tragedy .
 On the one hand , you think to yourself , why would I voluntarily subject myself to reading about nineteenth century sailors , stranded at sea , thousands of miles from S. America , resorting to cannibalism ? On the other hand , once you start this well-researched and beautifully written book , you can not put it down . It teaches , not only of the whale trade , Nantucket , and life at sea , but about human nature and -LRB- even -RRB- race relations on a Nantucket whale ship . Philbrick should be congratulated for magnifying a tiny piece of forgotten history .
 This book presents a human tragedy of lost lives , on the one hand , and a tale of indomitable spirit and courage on the other . Even so , Nathaniel Philbrick avoids the temptation to idolize the survivors . If anything , he underscores the role of simple luck in their good fortune , and even deals with how poorly some of them handled all the aftermath and the guilt associated with resorting to cannibalism . In this respect , it becomes easy for the reader to imagine himself or herself as one of the personna in this gripping tale . That is a real strength of this book ; it explores human survival by keeping the narrative on a human level . This makes the story very accessible , and a quick read.Philbrick enhances the story with just enough background information on such topics as the subculture of Nantucket Island , 17th Century whaling practices , the gruesomeness of the hunt , navigational science , and the process of malnourishment and starvation . While I did not find this book as emotionally gripping as Krakauer 's `` Into Thin Air '' or O'Nan 's `` The Circus Fire , '' I still found it a very worthwhile read . Philbrick 's description of whaling , and how this incident inspired Melville to write `` Moby Dick , '' has indeed piqued my curiosity about that great classic , which I have not read since high school . I strongly suspect that , after `` In the Heart of the Sea , '' `` Moby Dick '' will be read with a whole new level of appreciation , as well as comprehension . `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a great book about the fragility of human life , and the dangers of confronting nature with arrogance , and in that way , is a kindred spirit with Melville 's classic . But even read alone , it 's terrific .
 Philbrick 's book is `` off the charts '' excellent . Admittedly I was a bit skeptical when I started the book . How could it possibly compete with Owen Chase 's incredible and brief `` Narrative of the Wreck of the Whaleship Essex '' ? But it did and then some . It put some meat on the bones -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- of the sinking of the whale ship Essex . It also provided a more holistic view of the voyage preceding the incident and its aftermath , the whaling industry and Nantucket itself . The Quaker influence on the Nanctucket whaling trade is an intriguing story in itself . This is a simply wonderful and well-written book . From the first chapter the reader gets the feeling of being swept up into a developing catastrophe . I only wish I still had this book yet to read . No wonder this story inspired one of the greatest American novels ever written ; Moby Dick.While the book pulls much of its primary source material from Chase 's incredible account , it also gets primary source material from elsewhere . For example from Thomas Nickerson , the ship 's cabin boy at the time , whose `` meandering account '' ended up being found in an attic in New York in 1960 . This and other accounts -LRB- take a look at the bibliography -RRB- make this a completely well rounded view of the Essex 's sinking and what it must have been like to live through the horrific days that followed.You will not walk away from this book without asking yourself what you would have done under the same circumstances . I found that to be chilling . You 'll know what I mean . Facing that fact makes the book both impossible to put down and difficult to get through at the same time . Perhaps it would be an illustrative business school case or leadership critique . Let me count the possibilities . But I digress.Here you will learn about the voyage of the Whaleship Essex . You will hear about the whale and its attack . And finally , as a result of that whale , the sinking . What follows the sinking is for you to read in the quiet of night . It warrants no further comment except the likely outcome for you that you will not be able to put the book down . And you will not sleep .
 You are going to like this book . Philbrick has taken a fascinating event in nautical history , the ramming of a whaling ship by an enraged sperm whale -LRB- the real life inspiration for Melville 's Moby Dick -RRB- , and written a gripping , informative book about whaling , Nantucket , prejudice , desperation , courage , weakness , redemption , survival and shame . For those of you thinking this is nothing more than exerpts of a diary of men in tiny whale boats , guess again.Not content with merely telling the story of the wreck and the struggles for survival by the crew , Philbrick gives us a glimpse of Nantucket in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , provides some useful information about the island 's religious customs -LRB- the Quaker Society of Friends dominated life on the Island -RRB- , and describes what life was like for a sailor on a boat such as the Essex . We know from reading this book where they slept on board , what they ate , how they were disciplined , how they killed and processed whales , and how much money the captain and crew stood to make from a typical voyage . We also learn how whalers from Nantucket were seen as superior to those from the mainland such as Bedford or Boston , and how African American sailors were frequently afforded the short end of the stick when it came to shares of the profits , accomodations , etc.Ultimately , though , this is a story about the wreck and about survival , with some fascinating subplots . You will cringe as you read about Capt. Pollard and his crisis as he must make difficult choices which jeapordize the life of his own relative , Owen Coffin , who he had promised to protect . Philbrick explores the ironic fear of cannabalism that drove the Essex sailors to avoid relatively close South Pacific islands after the wreck , in favor of a very risky and lengthy trip to South America . He tells us of the difficulties in steering a whale boat , and describes the trade winds which drove the men away from their target.All in all this is a gripping read . It is written with compassion and with attention to detail ; the author has done his research , as 50 pages of Notes would indicate . I was particularly impressed with the passages of the book relating to the aftermath of the Essex disaster , as he followed the careers of the survivors , and pointed out that at least one crew member even sailed with Captain Pollard again . He borrowed from the journals of two survivors , the first mate and a cabin boy , whose accounts of the disaster sometimes digress . He also drew interesting parallels with the open boat plight of Capt. Bligh , of Mutiny on the Bounty fame . After reading the book , I was so enthralled I read the 50 pages of notes to avoid putting it down . Pick up this book if you are at all interested in sailing , whaling , nautical history , or true-life survival stories under the harshest of conditions . You will not be disappointed .
 The Penguin Audiobook edition of Nathaniel Philbrick 's < In the Heart of the Sea
 To use an old-fashioned phrase , this is `` a ripping yarn '' ! I plowed through this book in just 3 days and if it had n't been for work and chores that could n't wait I would have finished in 2 . Mr. Philbrick has a great gift for telling a story . Not only that , the layout of the book was wonderfully conceived . The author gives you some background on Nantucket and explains that although a large part of the population were peaceloving Quakers , that did n't stop them from hunting whales with a vengeance . Mr. Philbrick mentions that everyone on the island , women and small children included , would use seafaring and whaling expressions in their everyday speech , and the youngsters would even go around trying to `` harpoon '' things as part of their play . Mr. Philbrick gives you great descriptions of the men and the ships and the sea . He includes fascinating bits of information concerning human nutritional needs -LRB- at one point in the story the men were down to trying to survive on about 350 calories per day -RRB- and also the psychological as well as the physical effects of starvation . Mr. Philbrick explains that right after the `` Essex '' was sunk the captain of the ship , George Pollard , had to make a decision about which direction the survivors should go . They could have gone west towards the islands near Tahiti . The tradewinds from the east would blow them in that direction anyway , and the islands were not that far . They could have reached them in about a week . But the men had heard rumors of cannibals living on some of these islands , so they decided to go east , towards the coast of South America . This was a much more difficult journey . It meant going south until they were away from the tradewinds blowing from the east and only then being able to turn towards the coast of Chile . Because of the roundabout route this trip would take 3 months and make them cover over 4,000 miles ! Another interesting aspect of the tale that Mr. Philbrick covers is that 6 of the 20 sailors were blacks , and that 5 of these 6 men were the first to die . This might seem very suspicious at first but Mr. Philbrick explains that due to a generally poorer diet before the `` Essex '' even left Nantucket these men were at an immediate disadvantage . The author also states that studies have shown that black people generally have less fat stored in their bodies than white people , and this factor would have also made a difference as once your body runs out of fat to burn it will start to use up muscle . Captain Pollard , who was short and stocky and who was older than most of the crew , and who therefore had more fat stored and also a slower metabolism , would seem a good candidate for survival - and , indeed , he did live to tell his tale of the disaster ! In the epilogue Mr. Philbrick mentions that a few months after getting back to Nantucket Captain Pollard was given command of another whaling ship . On his first trip out he was in the Pacific and hit a coral reef and this ship sunk as well ! Fortunately for Pollard and his crew , they had been sailing close by another whaler and were picked up the next day . The captain rightly surmised that he would be perceived as being `` jinxed '' and would not be given another command ...
 I just finished reading `` In the Heart of the Sea '' yesterday . Once I started it I kept reading . Mr. Philbrick knows his subject very well . He communicates the story and does not overwhelm you with facts which can be a trapdoor set for an author with extensive an understanding of his subject.Mr . Philbrick presents additional material e.g. cannibalism that fits in well and does not distract the reader from the story . It is a tremendous story of survival . You find yourself watching how decisions were made and who made them , what survivors chose to do in certain circumstances , how race played a role , etc. . Life was hard in the whaling industry of the last century . This book provides one with an education in addition to being an incredible story of survival.I would like to read this book again . I read it fast because I got caught up in the story .
 This book was outstanding . Philbrick 's writing style is so vivid and detailed you almost feel yourself walking the streets of Nantucket and sailing on a whaling ship . Philibrick really did his homework on this book as every detail of the adventure has been researched and verified for accuracy . Some might find it a little too detailed -LRB- the notes at the end were a but much for me -RRB- but the story was so interesting I found myself wanting to know as much as possible about every facet of this gripping tale . A must read if you like adventure stories .
 Subtitled `` The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex '' and publishedin 2000 to critical acclaim , this true story was written by NathanielPhilbrick , a leading authority on the history of Nantucket . Carefullyresearched , and extremely well written , this early 19th centuryincident has been brought to life with exquisite descriptions . Notonly does Philbrick tell the long sad tale of the Essex 's tragicsinking in 1820 and the sufferings of the few survivors who wereforced to resort to cannibalism in order to stay alive , it is alsothe story of the whaling industry , the social and religious communityof Nantucket , and the influence this incident had on Herman Melvillein the writing of Moby Dick some 20 years after theevent.Originally , it was thought that the diary of the first mate , Owen Chase , told the whole story . But in the 1980s , another documentwas found which was written by the cabin boy many years later and shedeven more light on what actually transpired . Interwoven in this storyare the details which make this book come alive.With the eye of anovelist , the reader is brought to the town of Nantucket , watching theship make ready for its voyage , and making comments about the greencrew as they struggle to make a good impression as they raise theirsails . We meet the young boys as well as the seasoned crewmen andfeel their seasickness as the captain orders them to climb the masts.We feel the conflict in authority between the captain and the firstmate . We see the racial and religious hierarchy and the role of theAfrican American crewmen . Our muscles twitch as we read about thehard work on ship ; our hearts race with a sense of adventure at thehunting and harpooning the whale ; our nostrils crinkle as we readabout the process of killing , dismembering and extracting the valuableoil.And then we are thrown into tragedy when a whale attacks theship and the twenty men are set adrift in small boats with fewprovisions . We cringe as we learn all the details about thebiological effects that depravation from food and water have on ahuman body . We get to know the crew as individuals and understand thehard choices they had to make . And then we see the rescue and wefollow the few survivors for the rest of their lives.We also followthe voyage on the well drawn maps and scrutinize the photographs ofsome of the men , ships and woodcuts depicting the event . Then we readabout what happens when a whale dies on a Nantucket beach in 1994 andfind out how difficult it was to dispose of its remains.After allof this , we are forever changed . We have a greater appreciation forthis small bit of American history and we are even more thankful forthe ease in which food is available to us.Just as `` MobyDick '' has stood the test of time as a picture of the whalingindustry as well as a literary gem , `` In the Heart of theSea '' is destined to become THE authoritative book on the subject.Mr . Philbrick has done the world a favor by bringing this fascinatingsubject to light . I applaud his work and thank him for it . Highlyrecommended .
 As in Junger 's `` The Perfect Storm '' and Shackleton 's `` Endurance , '' I knew the ending of this story before reading the first page . I wondered , Should I should spend time learning the details of the disaster or go on to another book?Twenty pages into the story , Philbrick 's easy , yet authoritative narrative convinced me to continue . Well-researched and never ponderous , `` In the Heart of the Sea '' tells the tale of the whaleship Essex and the crew 's struggle for survival after a sperm whale rams and sinks their vessel . The build up to the sinking is fascinating . With early nineteenth century details of life in Nantucket and the motivations of individual sailors , Philbrick caused me to care that much deeper as the crew set off over open ocean in hopes of survival . The sheer immensity of the Pacific looms over the account ; the crew 's joint effort to prevail is incredible under the circumstances.Although the dilemma of cannibalization waits till the last quarter of the book to rear its head , the emotions and lead up to that fateful -- and lifesaving -LRB- for some -RRB- -- decision are done with masterful care . Philbrick justifies the crew 's actions with the history of seafaring survivors . The details are horrific , but the humanity of these men manages to shine through , in part , through Philbrick 's attention to the survivors ' following years and destinies.With a wealth of information in the notes at the back of the book , `` In the Heart of the Sea '' stands as a modern masterpiece , reminding us of the anguish that has helped shaped our nation , while also warning us of the dangers of abusing our natural resources . If history is an ocean , Philbrick takes us to the heart of it .
 I was intrigued , horrified , and was ashamed for humanity in reading this book . It was well worth the read . I was cheering for the whales and actually felt good when the whale attacked and sank the ship !! Thank heavens for the environmental movement . It is overwhelmingly sad that so many tortoises and whales met their end during those days . Quite interesting , however , that we killed so many more whales in the 1900 's than they did in that -LRB- and previous centuries -RRB- because of improved technology!The environmental movement has helped tremendously to save these great mammals , though I recently read that Japan is going to be killing whales again ! And they are voracious eaters of creatures from the sea . I only hope they have strict limitations.The book was very educational , and you feel you are a part of the whaling community of Nantucket in the early 1800s as you read it .
 The book came on time and I had no problems.I would buy from again , if given a change .
 What astonished me the most about this true story was not that the men pushed farther and farther into the unknown oceans , and not that they resorted to cannibalism under the most desperate circumstances ... it was their discipline throughout their three month ordeal that fascinated me the most . The ability to regulate and control your most piercing need for food and water in the face of imminent death is beyond anything I can comprehend.It 's stimulating when you are forced to question your own character while engrossed in a story -LRB- let alone a true story -RRB- ... Would I have behaved the same as the other men had I been adrift for all that time ? My answers fell a little short of what would have kept me alive back then ; and the failure of my character test made the story even more amazing.I recommend this to all readers as a great history lesson and as one of the most amazing survival stories , ever . Philbrick lays it all out - with intense description - from beginning to end ... he did his homework on this one and you 'll enjoy it.Have fun , David TobiasRedondo Beach , CA
 I have been telling everyone I know to read this . If you like history , suspense , science , tragedy and determined characters in your books , this is the # 1 book for you . I ca n't believe this all happened the way it did - so tragically ! The writer is very talented . I would love to read more of his stuff .
 Philbrick takes the reader on a journey like no other , and explains each wave along the way . I could n't put it down . I had a special interest in that my great-great-grandfather was a whaling captain -LRB- `` Master '' -RRB- , and traveled those waters with my great-grandfather as a toddler on board . My one criticism of the author 's perspective is what he did n't critique - cannibalism ! I know it is easy to point fingers when I was not there , starving and dying of thirst , but the author went too far in the other direction and became their justifiers , based on the accounts of two survivors who chose to eat their friends . Why was there not a serious discussion about chosing to die with dignity rather than deify life at the cost of eating and drinking your friends ? Perhaps the men who died earlier did hold to this . Why was that not a significant part of this work?Nevertheless , thank you Nate Philbrick for a book that should be made into a movie , with some of this balance .
 My boyfriend and I were on an 8 hour car trip and I had picked up this book out of curiosity . I started to read a passage to him that I enjoyed , and before I knew it , I was reading the ENTIRE book to him -- we finished it on the drive ! We even read it during our pitstops , we were so into it.Now , we are not sailing buffs -- ... - so I was surprised that I enjoyed this so much . Truly , folks -- the disbelief this book leaves you with is priceless . One of the aspects I enjoy the most is that the author has obviously done his homework and lets you in on what these people SHOULD have done ... and then tells you what they actually DID ... These men were , in every way , to put it eloquently , extremely SCREWED . We found it almost hilarious , though a little grotesque at times . : pThis is NO Shackleton expedition ... THOSE boys all came out of it ALIVE ... Read it !
 `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is the story of the Nantucket whaleship Essex , which was sunk in the middle of the Pacific Ocean after having been rammed by an enormous sperm whale , leaving its crew to fend for themselves for three months in open boats . Most of them die . It 's a famous story , having inspired Herman Melville 's Moby-Dick . Nathaniel Philbrick relates the events of the ill-fated voyage through the accounts of some of its survivors.Hindsight is 20-20 , and it seems easy to see how much of this disaster could have been averted . Culture , personalities , and dumb luck dictated otherwise , and the Essex story is truly a tragedy.Although it 's hard to read of the unrelenting sufferings of the men in their boats and what happens physically and psychologically on the way to death of thirst or starvation , this book adds a lot of information about 19th century Nantucket culture and the whaling world of the time . It also tells the stories of the survivors ' lives after the tragedy , such as they are known . All in all , it 's a very interesting read , highly recommended.The -LRB- unabridged -- never skimp ! -RRB- audiocassette version is well-narrated , a recommended alternative to sitting down with the work in print . However , if you 're in it for historical research , you 'll probably want access to the footnotes/citations on paper .
 Wanting to take something to read at the beach while on vacation , I literally stumbled across this book at the book store . After reading the back cover and glancing through the pages , I decided to give it a shot . I 'm very glad that I did . Philbrick tells the tragic story of the whaleship Essex , sunk by a whale in the 19th century . He starts off the story with the background of the whaling industry that transformed Nantucket into the whaling capital of the world . And then it 's on to the Essex 's travels . Explaining in great detail what a crewman on a whaleship goes through when capturing and harvesting a whale gives you a greater appreciation for their efforts . These trips lasted years . Philbrick explains what problems whaleships can encounter while out at sea . It 's only when the ship is attacked by a whale that the story really picks up the pace . Until then it was an interesting reading on their trials and tribulations , but sometimes it felt like I was reading a history book . When the men are alone on the water in their smaller whaleships , and the struggles with the sea , food and monotony take center stage , the book is hard to put down . Everything they went through , from misguided information , boats they could n't steer , some stealing food to ultimately having to rely on the dead for nourishment , it 's hard to believe anyone survived . It 's at this point you wish Philbrick could get even more information into his narrative - you want to know everything that happened on their journey . His style is very easy reading . He fills in the story with background information where appropriate , letting the reader know what went wrong and why . What a different course of events would of happened if they decided on a different course . By the time you finish the story , you feel overwhelmed at their struggles . It makes your own problems seem insignificant . This book shows what we are capable of enduring when put to the task .
 This is a well-planned , well-written , well-edited and engaging book chronicling the 1820 sinking of the whaler Essex in the mid-Pacific , and the subsequent 4500-mile survival voyage of some of its crew in three small whaleboats . The maps of the Pacific and route of the ship/boats were very helpful in following the narrative , as were the diagrams of the ship and its rigging , and the notes and index . Philbrick has figured out that many of his readers do n't come to the book with a detailed knowledge of where the Marquesas are in relation to Pitcairn Island , or the relative locations of the fore topsail and forecastle . It would have been even more helpful to have all maps and diagrams at the front of the book -LRB- as the Essex sail plan and deck plan are -RRB- . I appreciate the 238-page length of the book ; Philbrick understands that when an author has finished covering the topic , it 's OK to stop writing , even if the author has n't reached the 400-page mark . I also appreciate how he avoids either demonizing or glorifying the characters in the book.Along the way , Philbrick takes us into the history and sociology of related topics such as whaling , whalers , Nantucket , and survival through deprivation , to name a few.Philbrick engaged in exhaustive research , including the existing accounts written by survivors -LRB- including an account discovered almost 200 years after the sinking -RRB- , secondary accounts , and a number of sources on the many topics touched on in the book . Where the accounts differ , this is generally noted by Philbrick , with his evaluation of which account is more believable.The reader should not be dissuaded by the negative review posted by Mark Shanks below.Shanks criticizes Philbrick for using `` extrapolations . '' The extrapolations in the book are minimal . A non-fiction author should label extrapolations , but is it a sin to assume that the Essex butchered whales like every other whaler ? Shanks may be confused because Philbrick uses accounts from those survivor reports which might be thought the author 's extrapolation . For example , the report that the crew `` looked at each other with perfect amazement , deprived almost of the power of speech '' may sound like an extrapolation , but it 's a direct quote from the second mate 's account . A few inconsequential extrapolations does not turn this well-researched factual book into a `` docudrama . `` Strangely , Shanks simultaneously criticizes Philbrick for `` heavily leaning on personal stories . '' How could the Essex survivors _ not _ write `` personal stories '' ? What , after all , is `` history '' but significant personal stories in context ? Unlike `` Perfect Storm , '' the Essex sinking had survivors who put their recollections in writing . Without personal stories , this would be a book on whaling in general , with no mention of the Essex.Shanks admits judging a book by the first sentence of its preface , and claims that `` competent historians '' must write in stilted and dry prose . If Shanks recoils because Philbrick recounts his father and uncle telling him the Essex story when he was a boy , then Shanks has been too-deeply indoctrinated in the need for a historian to appear `` detached '' from a moving account.Shanks categorizes the 40-page source notes at the end as `` highly anecdotal and subjective . '' Instead , the reader will find that Philbrick 's source notes contain a richly annotated discussion of the original sources , how the secondary sources were used , and suggestions for further reading.If you 're looking for a college thesis which is narrowly focused on a minor issue , written in a dry style with five footnotes per paragraph , this is not the book for you . If you 're looking for an educational and entertaining book , do n't miss this one .
 Best book I 've read in twenty years . Period .
 The subject matter is so interesting that it would be hard to write a bad book on it , and the author does give a lot of background information on whaling and Nantucket . But I found the explanations about ships , etc. , to be spotty - at certain places the author takes the time -LRB- and does a good job -RRB- of stopping and explaining `` how ships work ; '' at other times , he goes blithely on when further background is really needed . Tacking , for instance , is a very important concept to understand in a story like this , and it 's not explained . -LRB- Very few books written for the general public about sail-powered sea voyages do , though - I finally learned about it in a really great book , `` The Elizabethan World , '' by Lacey Smith , in which it is shown how superior tacking ability helped English ships outmaneuver the Spanish . -RRB- Philbrick also has a little trouble pacing the book in such a way as to keep the suspense up properly , although the material is naturally suspenseful , of course . Also , at times , the book seems to be improperly edited
 My first introduction to Nathaniel Philbrick was this particular book , IN THE HEART OF THE SEA , which I bought over three years ago and kept it in my `` to be read soon '' stack . After hearing the recent reviews of Philbrick 's latest , MAYFLOWER , also in my `` stack , '' I pulled out IN THE HEART OF THE SEA and decided to read it . To say that I felt idiotic for not reading it sooner would be an understatement.Many authors of factual-based books , regardless genre , do n't have the touch to make non-fiction readable . -LRB- I noted with a chuckle the high school/college student who reviewed HEART OF THE SEA , and indicated how boring and dry it was ... well , it was a class requirement , so of course it is boring and dry . -RRB- My opinion is diametrically opposed . There are a few authors that bring non-fiction to life
 Amazing account of the whaleship ` Essex ' . Also an interesting history of the whaling industry itself . Hard to put this one down , though , so make sure you 've got your life caught up before you start reading !
 Heart of the Sea is two books in one , Philbrick 's straightforward , fast-paced and highly readable narrative of the whaleship Essex , its death from a whale attack , and the resultant harrowing maritime survival tragedy , and the Notes section , where Philbrick cites and expands upon the facts , issues , and concepts touched upon in the main narrative . This second part is a trove of avenues to explore , alone worth the book 's purchase price.The main question of the Essex is , `` Did they get what hey deserved ? '' Did the crew pay the long-overdue price for relentlessly the whale , for the wanton , careless destruction of whole species , for depleting a finite resource with no foresight or thought of conservation ? Did nature rear up and finally fight back ? The facts and other evidence Philbrick offers clearly lean that way . The irony of the Essex 's crew reduced to hollow-eyed animals sucking the marrow from their shipmates ' bones after their numerous examples of careless , wanton killing can not be escaped.Philbrick writes effortlessly , comfortable with virtually all aspects of early 19th century seamanship , whaling , even the demographics and cultural context of the early 19th century American maritime Northeast . He describes Nantucket in detail , and the role its conservative Quakerism played in the whaling industry and in the Essex tragedy itself . The basic story flows quickly , at times almost too quickly , as the central narrative takes only about 170 pages of the book 's 302 . The other pages set the historical , economic , cultural , and sociological stages , and provide excellent epilogue . I found the fast-moving story frustrating , as I was keen to enjoy in detail the voyage , wreck , and 92-day ordeal at sea . For example , the Essex 's struggle for `` more than a month '' to round Cape Horn is described in less than two pages , most of this geographic and historical context.Upon reflection , Philbrick 's story is constrained by scant available sources for the tale of exactly what happened during the voyage and after . To his credit , he is loathe to blithely create fiction where he has no indication of what truly happened during the voyage and after the wreck . He does make speculations , but they are informed speculations , and he is careful to discuss them with the reader as they are presented . He does not embellish , nor does he fictionalize ; he tells the best story he can with the historical information he has at hand . This is noble , honest , and makes for a more compelling book than one in which fiction and truth would be harder to distinguish.The narrative concludes with the survivors ' lives after their ordeal , their successes and failures . This almost puts a happy ending on the story . Curious is the fact that many of the survivors were so open about their experiences , and in great detail . Certainly this was an effort at explanation , and through that redemption , but what else lies behind this need ? It seems Philbrick 's inquisitiveness and research fails a bit here , not exploring the psychology of why men would so freely admit to the greatest of taboos.The Notes section of the book is highly detailed , and shows the depth of research and knowledge Philbrick brings to this work . This is just a sample of things he discusses , things to explore
 Philbrick writes a fascinating account of the struggles of the crew of the whaleship Essex after a disasterous encounter with a sperm whale . He manages to capture the essence of the mindset of the inhabitants of Nantucket , the whaling center of the U.S. , which explains many of the actions of the crew . The fight for survival is portrayed with both clarity and emotionalism . Having no previous knowledge of this calamity , I was amazed that at the time it had a similar impact in the 1800 's that the Titanic had in the 1900 's . It was enlightening that this tragedy served as the inspiration for Melville 's , Moby Dick , which I consider to be one of the masterpieces of American literature .
 This is a first rate , well crafted work of non-fiction . The author has a gift for putting together a compelling narrative about the unusual ordeal of the whale ship , Essex , which sailed out of Nantucket and was done in on the high seas by an extremely aggressive sperm whale who attacked it . So complete was the damage that the ship sank , its crew of twenty cast adrift upon a seemingly infinite ocean to find their way back home in three small boats . This real life , unheard of attack by a whale was the basis for Herman Melville 's classic work of fiction , `` Moby Dick '' . What the author does is ground what happened to these most unfortunate of men in the historical context of the time . He paints a picture of the milieu in which they lived . Their lives were governed entirely by the whaling industry that was the bread and butter for Nantucket Island , the whaling capital of the world.Drawing upon narratives by some of the survivors , as well as other historical data , he paints in intricate detail what life must have been like for these men . He weaves a tapestry of early nineteenth century life on the island of Nantucket and the preeminence of whaling in the lives of those who lived there , as well as the role of the Quakers . In essence , he brings the men , who were involved in this most notorious of survival at sea stories , to life for the reader.It is a balanced narrative . This was to be the first voyage as Captain for the democratic George Pollard , who was teamed up with a very aggressive and ambitious first mate , Owen Chase . This was later to prove to be a poor combination . Nearly a third of the crew was African-American , which was an interesting twist , arising out of the abolitionist views of the Quakers , whose views were the mainstay of Nantucket . Most of the crew was very young , the cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson , being but fourteen years of age.When the Essex was attacked while on the high seas by a gigantic , aggressive sperm whale and destroyed in the process , the story of the what happened to the crew makes for one of the most engrossing and amazing stories of survival ever to be told . Against the odds , eight of them survived their ordeal , which lasted for months . Dehydration and starvation were to drive them to a new frontier of human behavior . That threshold , however , once crossed , was one that would forever haunt those who survived . Their agonizing journey and foray into anthropophagy is chillingly chronicled.This is a riveting and triumphant book . It is a tale richly told by a masterful storyteller , who is able to make this work of non-fiction come to life for the reader . This is simply a great book .
 Read this compelling tale of struggle and survival and you will feel strongly that Herman Melville had a real-life story in mind .
 What does it mean to be indomitable ? This book displays that wonderful human quality in a remarkably effective way . The next time you consider giving up , just imagine yourself on the trackless sea in a small boat from the Essex.This story has to be one of the most astonishing survival tales in recorded history . Before I say more , let me caution you that this story -LRB- and parts of this review -RRB- is not for those with weak stomachs.After their ship is disabled by an attacking sperm whale , the survivors find themselves on three open boats in the middle of the Pacific Ocean over 2,000 miles from their targeted landfall in South America . With luck , they will make it in 30 days . They soon find themselves in a stall as the winds fail to cooperate , except to provide severe storms that threaten to capsize the boats.Soon , all the food is encrusted with salt and everyone is suffering with severe dehydration . Then things start to get worse ! I wo n't go further , but you have an amazing story of survival ahead of you.Two of the few survivors of this terrible ordeal later committed their experiences to writing , which provide great resources for this well-researched book.At another level , the book is also extremely interesting because these experiences were important influences on Herman Melville 's writing of the American classic , Moby Dick . The book makes that connection for you , including how Melville came to learn the story.At a third level , the book is a fascinating history of whaling around 1920 . If you are like me , you will cringe when the whalers devastate island after island ... as well as the whale population . But that 's not the limit to their willingness to use nature to their own advantage.The ultimate irony is that the survivors went the wrong way . Those from Nantucket did not know about Tahiti and Hawaii , and chose not to go in either of those directions -- either of which would have provided more rapid safety and comfort . The primary reason they chose not to go in these directions is because they feared running into cannibals . Soon the survivors were studying the remains of dead shipmates with hunger . And then it gets worse.So , you have three different kinds of books to read here , anyone of which could be enormously enjoyable to you . Get ready for the trip of your life!Land ho !
 I found this to be one of the most engaging books I have read in a long time . I read it in three nights and was sad when it was over . The author appears to have done a LOT of research on this subject , amply illustrated by his extensive notes at the end of the book . It 's great to read a book that is both well-researched and well-written . My only complaint , a small one , is that I wish he had spent more time discussing the racial dynamics of the crew . Unlike some authors , Philbrick definitely did n't ignore this topic . But when the African-American members of the boats die off and are eaten , one by one , I was totally incredulous . How could this have happened ? I thought Philbrick could have spent more time discussing other historic shipwrecks where there were racial issues involved . Perhaps , however , there really was n't enough data to go on . Anyway , as I said , I greatly enjoyed this book .
 This was one of those books that I just could n't put down . I had to keep reading and reading until the entire story was done . I had to find out what happened to these people as they drifted across the Pacific.What made the tale interesting was how thoroughly human and fallible the characters were . You watch them first commit atrocities of their own -LRB- torching one of the Galapagos islands -RRB- , and you come to understand some of the brutality and savagery that pervaded life in a 19th century whaling ship . So by the time the whale attacks you 're kind of rooting for the whale.Then they 're adrift in the boats , and they manage to make every bad decision possible . They decide to sail thousands of miles to the coast of South America because they think the natives on the nearby islands are cannibalistic savages -LRB- their biggest mistake -RRB- ; and they eat the meat they have instead of using it as bait to catch fish.Watching them drift into their doom , and realizing that it was partly of their own making , somehow makes the story all the more gripping , because it makes you want to somehow reach back in time and yell at them , `` Do n't do that , you idiot ! Do n't you realize what 's going to happen if you do that ! `` All in all a great book . I highly recommend it .
 I had read the paperback , but I wanted this audio book for a friend with reading disabilities . It was very much enjoyed by the recipient . A great story with narration by Edward Herrmann ...
 Horror , oh , horror ! Philbrick 's In the Heart of the Sea is a truly horror-filled book . Read it only with a strong stomach , for it vividly portrays the unimaginable extremes to which creatures that were once human can go to maintain life . Once the fragile bonds to safety and security are severed by the sinking of their ship , the officers and crew of the whaleship Essex are reduced from civilized humans to elemental creatures not only willing but eager to drink the fresh blood and eat the warm flesh of their fellows to ensure their own survival.The book 's portrayal of total amorality required to preserve one 's existence is shared by the portrayal of total hopelessness and unbelievable despair resulting from being set adrift in small boats whose sides rise but a few dismal inches above the devouring sea . Philbrick 's incredible descriptive writing draws the reader into the maelstrom of fear and emotional agony afflicting each pitiable , cowering creature groveling in the filthy , salty , undrinkable water in the bottoms of the miniscule boats tossed by the pitiless ocean.Does their common fate and total helplessness in the face of Nature 's uncaring power draw these men together ? Let us merely observe that those in the crew who were neither caucasian nor Nantucketer found reason to fear the passing of time . Favoring one 's `` own kind '' is not a new phenomenon among humans . Does Captain Pollard display the best of leadership for his bereaved sailors ? Suffice it to say that , had he not been a classic business textbook example of the `` Peter Principle '' at work , a good man who became ineffectual when promoted to a ship 's captaincy , the tragedy might never have occurred.Whether the reader comes to this book seeking true adventure , a psychological picture of men in extreme duress , or a case study in failed leadership , he or she will not be disappointed . The challenge will be to remind oneself that this story is real , for it is the stuff of novels . Were that all history books could be so captivating ! This one , at least , can not be put down for long , though the temptation to analyze it as literature rather than as history remains strong -- and that 's a plus !
 I listened to this book on my long drives home from work . It was almost disappointing to arrive in my driveway . This beautiful piece of work inspired me to read more historic adventures . Many of the books I have read since were very good but none has compared to the tale , writing , and delivery of In The Heart of the Sea . I recommend this book to you and everyone I know .
 Nat Philbirck 's In The Heart Of The Sea is an amazing story of courage and survival at sea . Having read numerous survival stories , as well as Melville 's classic Moby Dick -LRB- which was partly based on the Essex tragedy -RRB- I can say this tale is unmatched by any other.Philbrick 's easy style and immense knowledge of the Nantucket Whaling Industy make this one of the easiest and most enjoyable books I 've ever come across . After reading this the reader will probably know more about Sperm Whales then he/she ever wanted to know . This is n't a bad thing.The tale takes place in 1819-20 , during which the Essex sailed from Nantucket to the Pacific in search of whales . The best part , of course , is the tale of what happens after the ship is sunk and the survivors , hundreds of miles away from any land , embark on a 93 day journey which will lead through storms , delerium , and finally , canibalism . The decisions and actions they are forced to take are so horrible no man should ever have to go through this ordeal . The author even details what it is like not only to slowly die of starvation , but of dehydration and exposure to the elements.If you enjoyed The Perfect Storm , you will certainly enjoy this book . It 's a Classic !
 This was an interesting story and well-told . Prior to reading it , I was largely ignorant of the Nantucket whale industry . Philbrick does n't assume any prior knowledge of the subject , and places the story of the Essex into its historical context.Several accounts of the Essex tragedy were written by its survivors , and those who knew and met them . Philbrick does an excellent job of weaving together these different tales , showing the possible biases and motives which may explain their differences . There certainly were an interesting cast of characters aboard the ship , and their personalities and failures are well developed.I 'm a bit squeamish by nature , and the book did have be twitching in my seat a few times at the graphic descriptions . In fact , the story of starvation and its physiological effects on the sailors had me munching on tortilla chips , convincing myself that this would never happen to me!This is definitely worth reading , for those interested in the sea or for anyone who enjoys a well-written adventure .
 `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is one of the best books that I have ever read , but the best thing about it is that it is a true story . The tale is highly influenced by the ship 's cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson , who was fourteen and on board when the tragedy took place . The story begins in the prosperous whaling community of Nantuckett , offering a good deal of insight into the whaling occupations , as well as into an economy based on the resources obtained from whales . I never realized that Herman Melville based one of his greatest works , `` Moby Dick '' , on the plight of this whaleship and its crew.Nathaniel Philbrick takes you on a journey that you will never forget , although , this sunken whaleship , who had the fame of the `` Titanic '' in its own time period , has almost been forgotten historically . To be on board through the omniscent eyes of a fourteen year old , is utterly amazing . Once I read about the hardships that these men went through , I realized how easy most of our lives are , and how much is taken for granted . This book is as much of a testimonial of human will as it is a documented masterpiece . After reading the book , it is easy to understand why Melville chose to embrace , and captivate this subject securing it a place in fictional literary history , but the non-fictional story is even better . I strongly recommend this book to everyone .
 This is a very well written story , not so much about the terrible ordeal of surviving in an open boat at sea , but more about how a private , close-knit community survives by sending its sons around the world to hunt and kill and often-times die . The author knits his story together as a history lesson about the whaling industry , and uses as a core the sinking of the Essex . The resultant misery and cannibalism are treated very matter-of-factly , with just the right amount of emotionalism thrown in . This is a must-read book .
 IN THE HEART OF THE SEA was a great book . Im in 4th grade and Im 10 years old . My teacher told me about this book and said it was GREAT . you should relly buy this book .
 QUICK REVIEWNantucket , whaling , and survival at sea . This is what comprises this book , and you read them in that order . Some history of Nantucket and whaling can be slow &#65533; but interesting , but the story of survival is incredible , and on it &#65533; s own makes the book worth reading.FULL REVIEWThe amazing story of survival at sea is what brings readers to this book but it takes a little while to get to that story . The author sets up the picture of Nantucket at that time , and gives us a lot of information that actually is interesting but keeps us from getting to the story . You get the feeling that the author has done a lot of research -LRB- which he has -RRB- and wants to tell us everything he has learned . There &#65533; s nothing wrong with this , but it may be more than readers want to know . The story of the whale hitting and sinking the ship and the beginning of their long journey doesn &#65533; t come until chapter five . Before then we get Nantucket history , the preparation and sailing of their ship and it &#65533; s experiences with storms and whales and a few islands . Some of this is very intriguing but once we get to chapter five the reader &#65533; s attention is grabbed and is not let go until near the end of the book . The crew faces extreme dehydration and starvation to the point of death and the reader gets caught up in the desperate struggle for survival of these men . They are faced with , and make , very tough decisions which ultimately involves living and dying . You will be amazed at what the human body can endure and at the strength and determination of the spirit of those men . After this incredible story comes to a close the author tells us what went on after it was all over and the effect this story had . He then gives us more information on related elements which end up veering off into other stories . Readers may find it all very interesting or may see it as a prolonged ending . Over all this is a good , well-researched book that is worth reading .
 This is not a book I thought I 'd like , but I did . Great job by the author to convey an understanding of the time and the setting . Chilling realities become apparent as survival looms in the balance . Well worth reading .
 DO N'T WAIT ANOTHER DAY ! Read this book . It is simply one of the best stories I 've ever read . I am a high school history teacher and my US History class will be reading it soon . It is a story about a crew lost at sea but also sheds light into what life was like on Nantucket during the early/mid 1800 's . For those who have n't been exposed to whaling history this is a great introduction .
 An excellent read of the historical account of the sinking of the Essex . I found the historical aspects along with the added physiological and psycological analysis regarding the effects of exposure , dehydration and starvation to be intriguing . The history of cannabalism on the high seas was hereto unknown to me . Finally the irony associated with the leadership aspects and challenges of Captain Powell and his First Mate Owen Chase were quite interesting . I could not put this book down .
 Highly recommended . Philbrick 's research is boiled down to 300 pages that are interesting historically and scientifically , yet fun !
 `` Just as the skinned corpses of buffaloes would soon dot the prairies of the American West , so did the headless grey remains of sperm whales litter the Pacific Ocean in the early nineteenth century '' writes Nathaniel Philbrick in this superbly researched true story ... a tale that was the inspiration for Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' . Being an animal rights person , I found the depictions of the whale killings , as well as the treatment of the tortoises , harrowing , but always keeping in mind that the cruelty goes on , and is now called `` factory farming '' ... it does n't lessen the horror of what was done for either greed or survival , but puts it into perspective.The book took me back to the 1820 's , with vivid , but not overly worded descriptions , and one is much aided by 2 maps , 3 diagrams of the ship , a list of the crew , as well as many photos and illustrations.There are also copious notes , an extensive bibliography , and index.The first chapter tells us about early 19th century Nantucket , its history , booming economy , and its people , who `` shared in a common , spiritually infused mission-to maintain a peaceful life on land , while raising bloody havoc at sea '' . With chapter 2 , the voyage begins ... with every page so compelling that I was n't able to put the book down . A lot of the information was gleaned from a book written by the First Mate , Owen Chase , and from a notebook -LRB- not found until 1960 -RRB- , belonging to Thomas Nickerson , who was all of 14 when he became cabin boy on the Essex.The final chapter tells what happened to the survivors , and how the whaling industry , and life on Nantucket , changed in the following years ... there is also an epilogue , that takes place in present day Nantucket.This is one of the most riveting books I 've read . An unforgettable true adventure , stranger and more exciting than any fiction .
 Philbrick not only tells the tragic story of the Essex , but provides details about the time period and other tragedies of the kind . I could not put this book down once the Essex was attacked by the whale .
 A truly extraordinary account of the Whale Ship `` Essex '' , the tragedy of it 's sinking and subsequent effect on her crew . The analysis of the social structure and hierarchy in the Nantucket community was particularly interesting.A good read !
 One of the best and most interesting books I have ever read . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 Philbrick 's award winning non-fiction retelling of the Essex tragedy captured my attention as a tale of family tragedy . As a father of teenage sons , I kept trying to imagine the lives of those families torn apart by the whaling industry and the misfortunes of the `` family '' of men on this whaling journey . Though Philbrick paints an oversimplified picture of the Quaker village life of Nantucket , once at sea , this book is hard to throw overboard.For two other non-fiction books on the family , take a look at THE FAMILY CLOISTER
 I usually tend to make a difference between fiction and non-fiction literature . This book proves though that a combination of both has its advantages as well -LRB- if you do n't believe me , look at `` Moby Dick '' , which , by the way , has strong connections to the events described in `` In the Heart of the Sea ''
 Nathaniel Philbrick is not a squeamish man , and most readers -LRB- including me -RRB- will remember the ... uh ... culinary sections of this book long after the rest has faded away.The book 's title is slightly misleading
 The doings of the whaleship Essex make for spell-binding reading , and Nathaniel Philbrick did a great job with the personalities and conflicts . The ship sinks early in the book and the tiny whaleboats drift for many chapters.Philbrick seems to be looking for controversy and , finding none , having to drum some up :1 -RRB- The book is down on Quakers -- condemning as hypocritical their business sense and profits . I do n't know enough about Quakers to know whether they spoke publicly against prosperous business decisions , and Philbrick certainly did not inform me of any proof along these lines .2 -RRB- The sexual needs of the wives of seagoing men took up quite a few pages -- what ? They were Quakers ? Obviously Quaker women should n't have sexual needs . Right ? 3 -RRB- The book also seeks to make a scandal of the insular nature of Nantucketers . Color me shocked , I guess , that island people are insular and take care of their own.Lastly , it is n't a surprise to learn that the black sailors on board the Essex ate worst and died first . The book `` Black Hands , White Sails `` Black Hands , White Sailsspells out the unappealing career options available for many northern black men at this time -- I recommend reading that book to see why whaling was chosen by so many freedmen and escaped blacks.Best for capturing the states of mind of the men as they deteriorate , and the disastrous consequnce of having weak leadership in a crisis , the book was an entertaining and memorable read . Thanks , Mr. Philbrick .
 This was a compelling story that kept me interested until the last page . Nathanial Philbrick told me more than I ever wanted to know about whaling in the early 19th century and the tragedy of the Essex . The actual sinking of the ship by a sperm whale is stunning enough , but the tale of survival by the crew members was even more remarkable . I would recommend this book to anyone .
 Philbrick puts together a tale that transforms you into a crew member . The thrill of the chase , the fear of the dangers , and the exasperations and futilities of all of a whaler 's life . He creates great scenarios without bogging down in too many details . The text and writing style moves you smoothly through all the pages to the end . Great read .
 I plowed through this book more quickly than anything I 've ever read . Simply awesome . The action and drama are like something out of a Hollywood blockbuster movie ... but this was all real and it happened in the early 1800 's . I read the author 's Mayflower . This was better . He really brings old Nantucket and the whaling industry to life . I ca n't believe that anyone survived this horrible event . The book will run you through the ringer - but at the end it will leave you inspired by what humans are capable of when they have the will to live -LRB- even if that means some must die -RRB- . An incredible story well told .
 This a recent book of a history that happened a long time ago , for all of you few people who thought this was going to be some sort of definitive book , too bad . In the spirit of other adventure history books out there this is a really good quick read . I think the Author made a sincere attempt with the information available not to embellish . Also try : Seabiscuit
 `` In the Heart of the Sea '' tells the story of the loss of the Nantucket whaling ship `` Essex '' in 1820 . In the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries whaling was a major industry because , in the days before gas and electric lighting , oil lamps were the main form of illumination and whale oil , especially from the sperm whale , was in high demand for this purpose . A whaling industry had existed on the island of Nantucket , just off the coast of Massachusetts , ever since the 1690s , and by the time of the voyage of the `` Essex '' this industry had expanded until the island had become the whaling capital not merely of America but of the world . By the 1820s , however , over-exploitation had reduced the supply of whales in the North Atlantic , forcing whalers to make ever-longer journeys into first the South Atlantic , then into the Pacific . When the `` Essex '' sank she was more than a year into a voyage which was expected to last two-and-a-half-years . -LRB- The reviewer who asked why nobody thought to establish a new whaling centre closer to the whaling grounds should remember that in the 1820s the USA did not possess a coastline on the Pacific , and that South American countries were too far from the main markets for whale oil on America 's eastern seaboard and in Europe , markets which an Atlantic island was ideally placed to serve . Nantucket only started to decline with the growth of the railways , which favoured mainland rivals such as New Bedford -RRB- . The `` Essex '' sank when she was rammed by a huge bull sperm whale in the whaling grounds of the South Pacific . The twenty-one members of the crew were forced to take to three small whaleboats , with inadequate supplies of food and fresh water , hoping to reach the west coast of South America , some 2,000 miles to the east . There were , in fact , inhabited islands such as Tahiti and the Marquesas group which were much closer and would have been much easier to reach with the help of the prevailing winds , but the captain , George Pollard , ruled out this course of action , believing the Polynesian islanders to be bloodthirsty cannibals . Most of the crew perished through thirst or malnutrition ; only eight survivors , including Pollard , were eventually rescued . Ironically , in view of their fears of the Polynesians , the crew were eventually forced to resort to cannibalism themselves in order to survive , eating the corpses of their dead companions . At least one man was deliberately killed to provide sustenance.Nathaniel Philbrick 's book is based upon accounts of the disaster written by two surviving crew members . For many years the authoritative account was that published by Owen Chase , Pollard 's first mate , shortly after his return to Nantucket . More recently , a second , unpublished , narrative has come to light , a manuscript written by the cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson , many years after the event , and Philbrick has drawn upon both Chase and Nickerson to produce his story . Besides narrating the story of the `` Essex '' and her crewmen , he also touches upon such matters as the history of whaling in Nantucket , life aboard whaling ships , the biology of sperm whales , the medical aspects of shipwreck , the history of survival cannibalism and theories of leadership . -LRB- Philbrick is often critical of Pollard 's captaincy , regarding him as insufficiently authoritative and too easily influenced by his junior officers -RRB- . One potentially interesting point not treated in much detail is the precise reason why the shipwrecked crew did not make for Tahiti , whose inhabitants were by 1820 predominantly Christian . The sailors seem to have clung firmly to a seventeenth-century Hobbesian view that the life of man in his natural state was `` nasty , brutish and short '' . In the eighteenth century , however , this view began to give way to Rousseau 's ideal of the gentle , pacific `` noble savage '' , an ideal of which South Sea islanders were often seen as the perfect embodiment . -LRB- When the crew of HMS Bounty mutinied in the 1780s one of the causes was their desire to return to what they saw as an idyllic way of life on Tahiti ; had they held the same prejudices as the crew of the `` Essex '' they would presumably have mutinied before reaching the island rather than set foot in a land of cannibals -RRB- . It would have been interesting if the book had dealt more with these two conflicting views of `` primitive '' peoples and why American seamen clung so firmly to the earlier one , unlike their British counterparts of a generation before . One interesting fact is that several of the crew were black - a reminder that the history of pre-Civil War African-Americans is not merely the history of slavery . All those who survived the disaster , however , were white - a fact in which Philbrick sees possibly sinister implications.Philbrick tells us that the story of the `` Essex '' was once one of the best-known marine disasters of the nineteenth century , so well known that nearly every child in America read about it in school . Today , however , it is little remembered - perhaps oddly so , given that it inspired one of the great classics of American literature , Herman Melville 's `` Moby-Dick '' . This book , however , should revive interest in that story . Although it is a work of non-fiction written by an academic historian , it moves along at a brisk pace and often reads more like an enthralling , if grisly , seafaring yarn . That , however , should not diminish its value as history .
 The sinking of the whaleship Essex in 1820 by an enraged sperm whale `` was one of the most well-known marine disasters in of the nineteenth century , '' writes Nathaniel Philbrick in `` In the Heart of the Sea . '' But until I picked up this book , I had never heard of it.Now I will never forget it.Philbrick does an outstanding job pulling together information from disparate sources to create a gripping account of the Essex 's sinking and the crew 's subsequent struggle to survive . The event was Herman Melville 's inspiration for `` Moby Dick . `` The Essex sank in the middle of the Pacific , far from land , and its 20 men set out in three small boats in an effort to save themselves . Most of them would n't make it.It 's a grim story and sometimes painful to read , but is also fascinating and dramatic . More than a tale of survival , this book is a look at human strengths and failings in desperate circumstances . `` Like the Donner Party , the men of the Essex could have avoided disaster , but this does not diminish the extent of the men 's sufferings , or their bravery and extraordinary discipline , '' Philbrick writes.Setting the stage for the story of the Essex , Philbrick illuminates the world of 19th century whaling and the town at its heart , Nantucket , Massachusetts . It was a difficult lifestyle in which men went away to sea for years at a time , while their wives ran the families and the town . Often , the husbands did n't come back
 This was one of the few books I 've read that I knew the ending of before I even turned a page . And in reality , `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is one of those rare tales where the outcome is n't what makes the story compelling - it 's how they arrive at it.Nathaniel Philbrick does a great job of appropriately setting the scene for the Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex . He goes into a decent history of Nantucket and its then-booming whaling industry , giving readers a sense of the social & economic pressures at work on the island and on the ships at sea.Philbrick approaches the entire story from the perspective of a man interested in the truth , without adding any drama to it . Dialogue is limited to what has been reported or written down . He does n't attempt to make a whale attacking a ship any more exciting than it already is - and in the process he manages to keep his story clean , concise , and truthful.The tale of the Whaleship Essex is a story of poor decisions that continue to build on themselves until the captain and crew are well beyond the point of no return . Like theThe Donner Party , like the survivors ofAlive , the crew of the Essex is faced with one of the most challenging decisions any survivor must ever make . And even though you 'll know this going in to the book , it is still totally worth the read .
 Who does n't know the first line of `` Moby Dick , '' except those who have never read it?Somehow , some way , I ended up having to read `` Moby Dick '' three times within a two year period and be tested on what color the sky was at 4 p.m. on a certain day in the book , what was the meaning of the fourth wave on the fifth day , and what did Ahab represent . All I can figure is , `` Moby Dick '' was a really big deal to the professors back when I was in college.Anyway , I can honestly say , after reading `` Moby Dick '' three times in such a short period , I was about sick of admiring this way-too-wordy piece of chunk bigger than the Bible . Though , I was thrilled to pieces watching Gregory Peck cling insanely to the top of the highest sinking mast in the movie on tv plenty of times and truly loved the book the first time I read it.Melville did us a great service by taking the time , 20 years after it happened , to write his version . And I love his alegorical book . But I also love the true story that his tale was based upon and thank Philbrick for bringing it to us.I just wish Philbrick had been able to locate even more personal records and dive even deeper into the truth.And , if bad jokes are allowed ... Here 's one of my all-time favorites
 What a great telling of a true tale . The story told in this way seems to me to be a much clearer rendition of truth by vertue of the extensive research done by the author and the use of several narratives for comparison . After all , no matter how we remember an incident , our perspective is always slanted , we only see it one way . Someone else will see soemthing different.I enjoyed it thoroughly and recommend it to anyone looking for the truth about how men will act under extreme conditions . Like it or not we do not really know how we would act as individuals , until we are actually put in a certain spot . You might think you know what you would do , but think again , you do n't !
 The story of the whaleship Essex was well known in the 19th century and most likely formed the inspiration for Herman Melville 's novel MOBY DICK . In the middle of the Pacific Ocean in November 1820 , the 238-ton Essex was rammed and sunk by an angry sperm whale . Over the next three months and 4,500 miles , the dwindling crew fought the open sea and each other in a struggle for survival . Although the story no longer resides in our national consciousness , it is a story worth telling and Nathaniel Philbrook does an admirable job of it with IN THE HEART OF THE SEA.Piecing together first-person accounts , Philbrook recreates the final voyage of the Essex in remarkable detail . He provides a vivid picture of the life and work aboard a Nantucket whaler in the early days of the whale trade . However , the bulk of IN THE HEART OF THE SEA concerns the events following the sinking of the Essex as the crew of twenty officers and men crowded into three small , open whaleboats pondering their fate . After three months , two whaleboats -LRB- now separated by hundreds of miles -RRB- and five men remained and were eventually rescued off the Chilean coast.The story of survival on the high seas is both harrowing and moving
 This is a great nautical introduction for the landlubber . Philbrick does a great job of telling the straight story of Nantucket , of whaling , of this journey , of what happened to the men , and of what happened to their legend.Philbrick especially does a great job of filling-in-the-blanks when the historical record is thin . When the men are adrift with minimal food for weeks , he uses WWII-era experiments to speculate what probably happened to the men 's physiology and psychology . He interviews contemporary whale experts to evaluate the likelihood of the reputed whale behavior.Overall , a great story well-told and well-researched , and deserving of the National Book Award . It inspired me to make a trip to the New Bedford Whaling museum !
 IN THE HEART OF THE SEA is an absolutely spellbinding account of a sperm whale attacking the whaleship Essex in November 1820 and its aftermath . The book begins with a history of Nantucket and whaling , immersing the reader in the climate and culture of life on the eastern seaboard in the early 19th century . While being very educational , it describes the attempts at survival by the crew who had to overcome starvation and dehydration in order to live . It creates the natural questions in the reader , `` What would I do in a similar situation ? '' and the ultimate questions , `` Would I be able to eat my shipmates in order to survive ? `` and `` What would I be like after the ordeal ? `` Nathaniel Philbrick does an outstanding job of introducing and explaining subjects related to the many facets of whaling and the sea . He describes life on a whaleboat , the behavior of sperm whales , the psychology of survival , starvation and cannibalism . This provocative subject is handled in a sensitive , mature way that substantiates the many positive statements made about Philbrick 's ability as a writer . IN THE HEART OF THE SEA transports the reader to a time and place lost forever . For that reason it is highly recommended !
 I read this book a couple of years ago , but scenes from the novel , masterfully painted by Nathaniel Philbrick , are still with me . Few books in my life have engaged me as this one did . It 's the kind you just want to recommend to whomever you can , because you know they 're going to enjoy it also . I know this all sounds like hyperbole , but Philbrick , in my opinion , is a gifted writer . He expertly describes the events taking place , and as I was reading I was also making the movie in my head . I think it would be a fantastic movie -LRB- unless hollywood ruins it of course -RRB- . A MUST read .
 For anyone appreciating adventure , the sea and ties to folklore , this is a tremendous read .
 I am a Nantucket native who grew up hearing bits and pieces of the story of the Essex . When I first read the book I could not put it down . It is one of the greatest true stories you will ever read . I lent it to a friend to read and never got it back . So , here I am buying my second copy ... which I will NOT lend out .
 In the Heart of the Sea by Nathaniel Philbrick tells the tragic and amazing story of the Essex , a Nantucket whaler that sank after being rammed by a mammoth sperm whale in the South Pacific in November of 1820 . If the story of the whale attack and loss of the ship were n't enough , the harrowing tale of how the crew attempted to make it back to New England through the open sea in nothing more than open whaleboats , while experiencing everything from shark attacks to cannibalism , has to be one of the most gripping and inspiring tales ever recorded.Philbrick is masterful in his treatment of the story from start to finish . Drawing upon journals and writings of survivors -- used in their day to inspire Herman Melville 's masterpiece , Moby Dick -- Philbrick offers a concise historical narrative .
 Nathaniel Philbrice re-introduces us to the forgotten tragedy of the Whaleship `` Essex '' and its influence on that great sea tale , Moby Dick.The setting is Nantucket Island in the post USA independence years of the late 18th century . Today this Island is a tourist attraction however back then its only attraction was the Whale oil industry and in that time Nantucket was the center of the world in that -LRB- what would now be called a shameful -RRB- industry.Nantucket 's reach went all the way around the world and where the `` Essex '' would end up testifys to this , The vast expanse of the Pacific Ocean after a near fruitless search along both sides of the South American coast with a green crew who nearly sink her , a captain who was so not up to the task and a spot of wanton destruction on the Galapogos Islands that can still be seen to this very day.Eventually the `` Essex '' reachs `` paydirt '' and what happens next is now consigned to history . The Whale wins the battle against man and sends the `` Essex '' to the bottom.Now the real horror begins , survival which ends up involving the ultimate human sacrifice , cannibalisim.Mr Philbrice covers this taboo subject with clear and concise understanding and the social impact of this event on Nantucket in it 's aftermath is also told.Lots of extra notes are provided for better understanding and illistrations a also used.A good piece of work on a regularly mis-told part of nautical history .
 I have read this book twice as it ranks as the top two or three books I have ever read . This is the true account of the whale ship Essex in which the classic Moby Dick was based upon . It is a story of survival and the human spirit.The whale ship Essex was indeed attacked by a large sperm whale rendering it gravely wounded and destined for the ocean floor . This is where the book picks up steam as it is an acccount of survival for the captain and its crew on the life boat.The men attempt to drink sea water , eat mollusks , eat turtles on an island that they drift to . The book goes into painful detail on what starvation and lack of water does to the body . Towards the end the men are forced into hideous acts that one would normally never conceive of.Towards the end of the book and many years after the incident the author reveals some of the strange practices picked up by those who survived the ordeal . This was a terrifying , yet gripping read .
 I would recommend this to anyone who likes to read about amazing historical events and the perserverance of the human spirit ! It was a page-turner !
 I really appreciate how Philbrick writes his non-fiction . I have read four of his books now and they read like historical fiction -LRB- but they not ... -RRB- . His &#34; Notes &#34; chapter is very complete and the bibliography is excellent .
 This historical account is remarkably well-written and brings home the full impact of this tragic series of events . I did not know of the true-life experiences which influenced Herman Melville in his writing of &#34; Moby Dick . &#34; This book leads to an extra inspiration and appreciation of how this &#34; whale tale &#34; originated .
 Was great , It put you right there with those poor soles , that went through that terrible ordeal.I learned a lot about that time and place also.It was a quick read
 Philbrick , the author of MAYFLOWER , made his initial reputation with this brief but powerful tale of the Nantucket whaleship Essex 's disastrous encounter with a sperm whale in the Pacific Ocean in 1820 . The 20-man crew , forced to take to three whaleboats as the Essex sank after it was rammed by the whale , faced a horrific three-month ordeal that included subsistence living on a coral island , hunger and thirst at sea , and ultimately cannibalism . Remarkably , five men survived , and several of them committed the tale to paper . Philbrick 's account is partially inspired by new details uncovered in the memoirs of Thomas Nickerson , the Essex 's cabin boy , which were only published in the 1980s . It has long been known that Herman Melville 's MOBY DICK was inspired , at least in part , by what happened to the Essex . Philbrick gives us the whys and hows , and much more besides , in these densely packed 240 pages . -LRB- Melville , who was not known for concision in his writing , is probably shaking his head somewhere and wondering how Philbrick was able to accomplish the feat . -RRB- Philbrick takes us through the history of Nantucket Island and the Quaker influences that shaped its culture , a description of the whaling industry of the 19th century , observations on the biology of whales , and , when the time comes , a rather gruesome -LRB- but necessary -RRB- discussion of the physiology of extreme hunger and thirst . He also has important observations to make about the state of race relations among the Nantucket whalers -LRB- not as charitable as one might expect , given the Quakers ' color-blind reputation -RRB- and the deep divisions between the `` Nantucket men '' and the off-islanders , or `` coofs , '' who were brought in to fill out whaling crews as the demand for manpower grew . These last are not mere sociological digressions ; the first victims of the cannibalism were African-American , and the dispensation of the personnel in the whaleboats owed a lot to `` in-group '' and `` out-group '' dynamics . Throughout , Philbrick knows just the right amount of detail to bring into his narrative without bogging it down.At Stevenson University , we 've used this book as a common reading in our Freshman Science Seminar sections . Despite the somewhat grotesque subject matter and the occasional deployment of technical sailing terms and the like , this book is an excellent way to show students , as well as the general public , how science in the most `` general '' sense has intersected with other elements of American culture in the past , and is a good jumping-off point to discuss similar interactions of today .
 How much interesting trivia can you pack into one book ??? Non-fiction is usually not my reading choice , too many dreary details or written by an expert in the given field but with little talent for writing . This is so not like that!The writer crams in an amazing amount of fascinating trivia . The story goes off on a multitude of tangents giving insight , details , history , background ... everything you could want to know and more ! But never a bore !!! The writing style is extremely personable and articulate . The material is rich and vivid.Half way through , and the Essex has been scuttled by the sperm whale , I 'm thinking
 An epic struggle told with wonderful historic accuracy and detail . Woven into the amazing historical event of a whale attacking a ship at sea we get a glimpse into life as it was for a whaling ship and its home port .
 Hard to believe what happened to these people and how they survived.A totally dangerous job!I am so glad we do n't depend on whale oil anymore .
 I had heard about this tragedy when visiting the east coast several years ago . The book is very well written and there is a lot to learn . That anyone at all survived is remarkable ! It 's a true story !
 After reading Herman Melville 's 1851 book `` Moby-Dick '' , I was very interested in reading this book about the tragedy in which `` Moby-Dick '' was based . `` In the Heart of the Sea
 If you 're looking for a fascinating non-fiction book that reads like a novel , this book is a contender . It 's fast-paced and explains the mystery of why a whale attacked a whaling-ship , the Essex , which was the ship depicted in Melville 's classic MOBY DICK.Our Connecticut non-fiction library group chose IN THE HEART OF THE SEA for a monthly selection and everyone loved the story for its narrative on Nantucket , background on whaling , information on the processing of whale oil , perspective on life on a ship and the dynamics of surviving a shipwreck . Issues are discussed sensitively and insightfully . I read the book in one sitting on the day of our discussion . Our group had read Philbrick 's book on the Mayflower and enjoyed the author 's storytelling prowess . We were equally delighted with this book .
 I am not sure whether this account of shipwrecked sailors or Shackleton 's book ` South ' is the more harrowing tale of man 's almost unbelievable survival.Nathaniel 's Philbrick 's book details the journey of the whale ship Essex to a point about as far as you can be from land anywhere on this Earth . It was way out hunting whales in the middle of the Pacific Ocean when a sperm whale decided to strike back at the ship . The book follows on with an amazing , easily readable account of the men that survived 93 days in small boats after their whaling ship was deliberately rammed and sunk by the whale . It also follows the survivor 's lives subsequent to their rescue.The book vividly takes the reader into the atmosphere of Nantucket and the whaling industry in the early 1800s . I liked this book immensely.An incredible true story .
 I brought this book with me on vacation and never wanted to put it down . Prior to reading this book I had no knowledge of the whaling industry or the story of the Essex . I am so glad I read all the great reviews and decided to read it for myself . Great book about the strength of mans will and the power to overcome difficult circumstances .
 Reading about historical events that are well referenced by an author who understands how to build suspense -- even when the reader knows what 's coming -- is a treat . The colorful weaving of factoids make this stimulating for readers of all ages . The author 's style is fluid with an easy cadence without mind-numbing , detailed minutiae .
 It 's not a spoiler to reveal that this is the tale of a whaleship lost at sea , and some of the crew was rescued . That is given in the first page of the book . This is also a true story , apparently diligently researched by the author so as to provide the most accurate account possible.I was enthralled in the opening chapters of the book as author Philbrick carefully reconstructed life in early 19th century Nantucket . He did almost as well constructing life on a whaleship . The post-disaster struggle for survival and ultimate rescue was carefully well-told . Philbrick should have wrapped up the story at that point with a brief what became of them epilogue.Instead , the book begins to slog along with minutia of the survivors ' lives -LRB- or some of the survivors , an overdone footnotes epic , and an exhaustive bibliography . I will cede that Philbrick is a careful historian , and was apparently attempting to document the whole tale as he could put it together . On the other hand , this was a quasi-historical fiction work where the author took creative license in order to entertain ... this is not a strict documentary . The book started as a great epic tale . The book finished in a pedestrian bean-counting fashion.I also felt that this classic timeless saga was contaminated with some 21st century `` correct-think '' . There are overtures toward Save the Whales , PC race relations , calorie counting and such . Awkwardly out of place.In all a fun read and an important book that should have been written . Written well , but not perfectly . A weak painful closing . There 's no allowance for 3.5 stars , so I 've marked 4 .
 This book tells an amazing story of human survival -- and the limits people will go beyond when they are pushed by desperation . When I started the book , I thought it would be more about life in the whaling industry in the 1800s , which would have been interesting on its own . But most of the book deals with the aftermath of the sinking of the Essex and how the crew struggled to survive in the South Pacific . It was a gripping read , as the crew sinks lower and lower into desperation .
 a bare facts historical account of the sinking of the Essex by a sperm whale and the enfolding events after that . The failure of the captain led to unnecessary loss of life when he gave in to his first mate 's influence to sail east in the small whaleboats , in spite of his own gut feeling that they should sail west . We may not like some of the decisions they made in order that some of them might have the chance to stay alive , but we until we are in their shoes we can not be judgmental.great book
 I came to this book as a fan of Melville 's ` Moby Dick ' , having recently re-read it and wanting more . That the climax of Moby Dick is taken from an actual incident , and further , that Melville 's Ahab might in fact be loosely based on an actual person -LRB- the Essex 's first mate Chase -RRB- is fascinating to me . Also , it is astounding to read about and consider what the men when through during their three months in the open whaleboats after the Essex sank . Philbrick augments this part of the narrative with information gleaned from contemporary medical studies and accounts of persons who have been subject to starvation and lethal dehydration.I ca n't imagine what it must have been like to contemplate eating the flesh of one 's comrades in order to survive , to suck the marrow from their bones to avoid dying of thirst . Incomprehensible .
 Nathanial Philbrick tells a gripping story of men abandoning their wrecked ship in the middle of the vast pacific ocean . He sets the stage by informing the reader of the origins of the Nantucket whaling industry and its quest for whale oil , a product used in lighting lanterns which extended the day until displaced by Edison 's electric light bulb . You 'll learn a lot about the social makeup of 19th century whaling communities and the ships that supported their economies . You 'll learn about navigation techniques and you 'll also learn about what went into provisioning such surprisingly large ocean going craft . You 'll learn what desparate men due when faced with starvation and death at sea in a small boat.It 's a nicely paced tome which keeps your interest , all within the crux of a tale founded in the elements of survival as lived by the sailors on the whaleship Essex . Theirs is a true quest for survival , the kind that is real and for keeps . It 's a page turner , do n't miss it .
 Nat Philbirck 's In The Heart Of The Sea is an amazing story of courage and survival at sea . Having read numerous survival stories , as well as Melville 's classic Moby Dick -LRB- which was partly based on the Essex tragedy -RRB- I can say this tale is unmatched by any other.Philbrick 's easy style and immense knowledge of the Nantucket Whaling Industy make this one of the easiest and most enjoyable books I 've ever come across . After reading this the reader will probably know more about Sperm Whales then he/she ever wanted to know . This is n't a bad thing.The tale takes place in 1819-20 , during which the Essex sailed from Nantucket to the Pacific in search of whales . The best part , of course , is the tale of what happens after the ship is sunk and the survivors , hundreds of miles away from any land , embark on a 93 day journey which will lead through storms , delerium , and finally , canibalism . The decisions and actions they are forced to take are so horrible no man should ever have to go through this ordeal . The author even details what it is like not only to slowly die of starvation , but of dehydration and exposure to the elements.If you enjoyed The Perfect Storm , you will certainly enjoy this book . It 's a Classic !
 I 'm sure if you 're reading this review , you already know the tragic story of the whaleship Essex just like I did when I bought this book . However what I did n't know was the history of Nantucket , the birth of the whaling industry and the many other shipwreck stories that ended in cannabilism.This book is extensively researched from every aspect with an impressive bibliography that led me to read other books by the time I was finished with this one . It is impossible NOT to read this book in one sitting . It 's up to you now if you want to read it or not . ` Nuff said !
 This book is not one of my `` typical '' reads . I bought it for my mother as a gift , and after reading a little about it - I got hooked . It is a really good book . I loved the ending
 In The Heart Of The Sea
 It was an experience to read an epic such as In The Heart of the Sea while visiting Cape Cod . The descriptions of the whale boats , Nantucket Island and its people , and the science of whaling itself was extraordinary . Mr. Philbrick 's research and writing skills were quite evident in each chapter . I felt as if I were on the small boat with Chase and found myself asking questions about human survival and how far I would go to live another day .
 Very interesting and fast paced retelling of a truely superhuman survival story ; very well researched and written .
 One thing about early nineteenth century life in the US is that it was far less safe than what we now enjoy . A perfect example of a dangerous life in that time is what those in the whaling industry faced
 Philbrick 's book reads a lot like Sebastian Junger 's `` The Perfect Storm . '' Like Junger , he details life in a fishing community and documents a seafaring trajedy that shook the town . Similar to Junger 's description of drowning , Philbrick provides a graphic description of death by dehydration to emphasize what the fishermen were experiencing as they drifted for three months in open whaleboats on the vast Pacific Ocean . The main difference between Philbrick 's account and Jungers is that some of Philbrick 's fisherman lived to tell the tale . Philbrick is an excellent storyteller who brings his subject alive . Anyone with an interest in either the sea or a good adventure story will love this book .
 The modern reader believes in the many-little-men theory of history . He demands the story not of Napoleon or of the French economic climate at the turn of the 19th Century , but of Pierre from Alsace who fought in the ranks . Philbrick has , therefore , found the whaling industry 's most interesting Pierre from Alsace
 Fascinating true story of whaling ship Essex , recounting not only its fate , but also the background of its sailors and life on board a whaler . Great mix of suspense and history , made even more riveting because its true . If you enjoyed `` Perfect Storm '' or `` Into Thin Air '' , you 'll love this one even more .
 This is one of the best history books I have ever read . Although the story itself draws you into the lives and history of the whale ships of Nantucket , the author does a wonderful job giving you history and painting a picture of the lives of the men in the book . Some history books are so dense , you lose interest after a few chapters , but this one kept me reading late into the night .
 Having put off reading this book for years , either because of or despite my familiarity with its subject , I found a lot to annoy and disappoint . Philbrick had virtually no primary sources beyond the old original narratives by the survivors , so he padded the story out with side notes about whales and cannibalism and medical studies of starvation.Much excellent research there , and Philbrick 's chatty endnotes are superb , possibly the best part of the book . But I found these digressions on natural history intrusive . They disrupt the main narrative . There you are , dying of thirst and hunger in the South Pacific , when suddenly the action stops and in trots old Nate with his big research volume , eager to bore you with three pages of extra material he just stumbled across ... ` Twere better , mayhaps , to tell the main narrative quickly and smoothly , then spend the rest of the book discussing the curious and toothsome aspects of whaling and the Essex disaster . I suspect Philbrick himself would have preferred to do the book this way , but got hornswoggled by an agent or editor eager to produce another true-life ripping-yarn bestseller after the manner of ` Longitude ' and ` The Surgeon of Crowthorne ' . Anyhow , as I say , the endnotes are the real tasty meat . Philbrick obviously had more fun and freedom here , and was able to avoid the awkward transitions found in the main text.I felt there were not nearly enough illustrations in this book . For Captain Pollard there is not a single portrait . Not a painting , not a photograph . There is no clear picture of a whaleboat , either . It would be nice to get a sense of what the lonely whaleboats looked when they reached the end of their journeys . Surely the publisher could have spared a few thousand dollars to hire an illustrator , and not merely limited us to pictures in the public domain . What cheapskates . Why do publishers skimp on the visuals these days ?
 In `` In the Heart of the Sea , '' Nathaniel Philbrick writes a fascinating and horrifying account of what happened to a group of sailors whose whaleship Essex was attacked and sunk by a sperm whale in the Offshore Ground of the Pacific on November 20 , 1820 . He presents excellent detail on what these men went through during several months in open whaleboats alone in the Pacific ocean with little more than several ounces of water and hard tack a day . Most of these men did not survive . Those who remained in the boats after a stop at an island who lived to be rescued did so by committing horrific acts of survival.Among other sources , Philbrick uses accounts of two of the survivors . One of the accounts , written by first mate Owen Chase , was published not long after they were rescued . An account by cabin boy Thomas Nickerson , written late in his life , was not published until the Nantucket Historical Association released limited copies in 1984 . This account offers information about storm damage to the Essex that occurred early in its voyage that was not deemed important by Chase as well as additional information not offered in the Chase book . Philbrick also incorporates other source materials to describe as best as possible what the men went through suffering progressive stages of starvation , dehydration , hypothermia , hypernatremia -LRB- excess salt -RRB- , and even a lack of magnesium that can cause bizarre and violent behavior . Sources used include a study on starvation done by the University of Minnesota 's Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene during World War II and other accounts of shipwrecks.Philbrick also conducts excellent analysis of those involved in the tragedy . He compares the leadership styles of Captain Pollard and first mate Chase . Their personalities actually had them reversing roles . On the ultimate decision immediately following the destruction of the Essex , Philbrick notes
 I adore tales of survival , especially when set at sea and this is truly one of the best . That it is so well - conceived and written puts it on my personal list of top ten non-fiction books . It 's a real page turner , you wo n't be disappointed .
 About ten years after it was written , In the Heart of the Sea is rapidly becoming one of the sea adventure classics . Unlike many survival classics , it does n't have an eye-grabbing title . Many people probably miss it when they search for true adventure stories . However , it is one of the more excellent accounts of such experiences . It never lags into mediocrity or tedium but maintains a steady line of tension which keeps the reader motivated . There are , of course , other similar tales of whaling voyages and tragedies , but that does n't matter . This story is unique in some ways and I came to care about the characters . Philbrick did his homework and also knows his craft . You can not go wrong in picking up this book .
 If you are considering changing carrers to become a nineteenth century whaler , you might want to read this book about whaling , tragedy . cannibalism , and survivial . It has it all . Philbrick has done an excellent job telling the story of the doomed whaler , Essex . It 's story is supposedly what Melville based Moby Dick on . It is a page turner . The author brings into the story other old and new survival tales and does a great job keeping the reader involved . The good news is that it is a great book . The bad news is that you might want to reconsider any plans you might be entertaining to buy a harpoon and become a whaler .
 This review refers to `` In The Heart Of The Sea '' by Nathaniel PhilbrickNathaniel Philbrick leaves no stone unturned in this very tragic and complex , but true account of the wreck and sinking of The Whaleship Essex . Rammed by a huge sperm whale , that from all accounts was a definite attack on the ship , the crew , men who lived and profited by the sea and were the slayers of whales for the precious oil provided , were now the victims as the hunted became the hunter . It is an incredible story of man 's will to survive against all odds , that was the inspiration for Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' . Philbrick immediately draws you into not only the lives of the Essex 's crew members , but the entire town of Nantucket , from where the ship sailed , detailing the close-knit families , the women 's roles and the daily life in Nantucket . Often revealing some very intimate details . The life on board a whaling ship , the hardships of the journey for both the crew and their families , and the journey itself through the vast ocean are all very much a part of this story.You will feel like you have gone back in time to 1820 , and are there with them , as the whale attacks the ship , the men nearly frozen by horror and disbelief , and the beginning of a long , horrifying journey , a fight to stay alive under some of the worst conditions imaginable.For thousands of miles , and many months , I was constantly amazed at their ingenuity , and stamina as they tried to find safety , food and water . Steering clear of islands they thought might be inhabited by cannibals , they later found they had to resort to that themselves . Questions still remain as to the actual circumstances that occurred.A handful of survivors left to tell the story , not all agreeing on some points , but enough so that this tragedy at sea and the men who lost their lives as well as those that survived may be remembered for their bravery . Philbrick delves into all the details , from the people involved , to procedures at sea , and even what became of the survivors through the years.The book is so well written , that it will grab you right away and wo n't let you go . Sometimes you have to keep in mind that this amazing tale is not an adventure novel.For those who may prefer an audio editionIn The Heart Of The Sea
 Nathanal Philbrick -LRB- author of the recent `` Mayflower , '' another essential read -RRB- dug deep into the Nantucket whaling community and the true story of the loss of the Whaleship Essex . The story of the Essex , the one that inspired Melville 's `` The Whale '' a.k.a. Moby , is one those essential stories that I believe every american should know . Philbrick 's writing makes that lesson an easy one to absorb . What I like about his writing is that he leaves you with the impression that he did ALL the homework the world would allow on the subject.Like Joseph Ellis does with George Washinton in `` His Excellency , '' Philbrick quite obviosuly did read everything there is on the subject before putting his own words down . Which is to say that the work does n't leave you wondering ... is this opinion , or fact ? Philbrick made himself the world 's leading authority first ... then wrote the book.Five Stars and secure on the Top 100 of my Must Read list .
 This book is realistically written . The author draws you in by using historical facts along with his thoughts on how the actual men felt by going thru this ordeal . It provides the realism of the story , since it true to fact . It is a good read that it hard to put down . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes true stories and stories related to the sea in past history . I can see how Herman Melville brought this to life .
 After arriving in the mail , it took but a few hours to indulge all Mr Philbrick had written about the ` Essex ' , and the life by which a Nantucketer lived in the apex of its whaling might . Mr Philbrick deftly combines the true events of the ` Essex ' from numerous written accounts , details which fill in the story with the concepts of whaling , and superb analysis of physical and psychological effects of the events which the men endured . He also uses his own professional knowledge to speculate about certain events where true facts were missing.Through cementing all these , Mr Philbrick creates a work which engrosses the reader into what whaling meant to the men on those ships , and the gruesomeness of their daily lives . Mr Philbrick obviously did his homework for this novel , which results in a rewarding experience for the reader.HIGHLY recommended .
 I am a Nantucket native living in Hawaii ... this book took me back in time as well as back home ... incredible ... I could not put it down ! I read it on a beautiful beach in Maui , pausing every now and again to look out into the ocean and wonder what it must have been like for the men of the Essex ... while I was safe on land . Read it , you wont be sorry .
 The wreck of the whaleship `` Essex '' went on to inspire Herman Melville to write `` Moby Dick , '' but ironically , Melville ended his epic tome with a wreck and a crazed whale . Nathaniel Philbrick 's `` In the Heart of the Sea '' begins -- after some Nantucket and whale industry background -- with the real-life `` Essex '' wreck and follows the crew through their several-months-long journey around the sea . Working with remarkably little first-hand material -- and practically no direct quotations -- Philbrick somehow manages to raise up a living , breathing cast of characters who , through a horrific encounter with a seemingly enraged whale , find themselves literally adrift on the ocean with little direction , scant food and water , and fateful disagreement as to their overall plan . Philbrick does an especially fine job sketching `` a day in the life '' of the typical Nantucketer , showing it to be a place where women could be proudly independent as their husbands and beaux went off to sea for years at a time and they stayed behind to manage hearth and home and most of the island 's businesses . That Nantucket began its American life as a proudly insular community which now depends on an influx of strangers -LRB- i. e. , island vacationers -RRB- each year to maintain cash flow is but one of the many ironies evident in this superb book .
 Nathaniel Philbrick gives us a well-rounded study of life in the whaling town of Nantucket in the early 1800 's . Drawing you into the machinations of life there & the motivations of its people , you find you are fully engrossed in a page-turner . I enjoyed the book , and found myself having vivid dreams of life on the sea , -LRB- and a few nightmares -RRB- . Having listened to the complaints of students who ca n't get through Moby Dick , I would implore them to read this fascinating & historical account first ... This book is written well for wide appeal .
 In The Heart of The Sea won the National Book Award for a reason . Philbrick 's attention to detail , his research , and his style all make this incredibly tragic story come alive in a very fresh way . There were moments when I felt driven to tears , moments when I was completely disgusted , and moments when I could n't help but laugh . This book is good for anyone interested in whaling , the ocean , survival stories , or just an amazing read .
 You will feel like you were along for the ride . Do n't let anyone steer you away from this one . It is a rare good read . Any criticisms are trivial compared with the depth and feel of the history and adventure provided in this book . Just read it .
 I am ashamed to admit that I have never read Moby Dick . After all , it 's one of those classics that everyone is supposed to have read . The premise of the story never appealed to me , before now . I knew before I even started reading In the Heart of the Sea that this was the true story that Moby Dick was based on . Herman Melville actually went over to Nantucket to talk to the captain of the boat . I was pleasantly surprised when I found myself engrossed in the author 's first hand accounts . I felt as if I had been transported back almost three hundred years in time . Nantucket and its society during the early nineteenth century is described with breathtaking vividness . It was a bustling town peopled with the women who ran it and their children . The men who were whalers , were rarely home . They would be gone for two to three years at a time only to ship out again after a few months of being home . Later on it is noted by the author how similar this lifestyle was to that of the whales which they hunted . The circumstances which surrounded the eventual destruction of the Essex are fascinating . This is followed by a series of mistakes made by the captain and officers which eerily reminded me of the Titanic 's sinking almost 100 years later . The fact that lives were lost from the Essex crew , was not surprising . The fact that anyone survived at all is miraculous .
 This is the true story that inspired Melville to write `` Moby Dick '' . A Nantucket whaleship , the Essex , is rammed by a sperm whale in the Pacific , thousands of miles from land . The crew escape in 3 whaleboats , and begin a voyage that is both inspiring and terrifying . Afraid of supposed cannibals on the islands to the west , they resolve to sail south and east , to the shore of South America , fighting both the prevailing winds and their own meager supplies of food and fresh water . I will not spoil the ending of this ordeal with further details , suffice it to say the reader is in for a recounting of both tragedy and perseverence that easily ranks with such modern classics as `` The Perfect Storm '' and `` Into Thin Air '' .
 I thought this book dripped with history and detail . Not since `` Two Years Before The Mast '' have I felt the excitement of trimming the rigging as they approached the Horn and beyond . Largely compiled of first hand accounts , and the facenating history of Nantucket , it was an real Nautical page turner , a real salty book . As for the endeavors of the poor men of the Essex , you grow so close to them you start to sympathize with them , and ultimately to forgive them . It is a well told story of heros and the possibility in any of us to rise to the moment , come together and perserver against the most dire odds in a merciless frontier . I am most pleased to recomend this book to any in question of the human spirit , or to those who just want to know what it was like to go a whaleing .
 This story has to be one of the most astonishing tales of survival in recorded history . Before I say more , let me caution you that this story -LRB- and parts of this review -RRB- is not for those with weak stomachs.After their ship is disabled by an attacking sperm whale , the survivors find themselves on three open boats in the middle of the Pacific Ocean over 2,000 miles from their targeted landfall in South America . With luck , they will make it in 30 days . They soon find themselves in a stall as the winds fail to cooperate , except to provide severe storms that threaten to capsize the boats.Soon , all the food is encrusted with salt and everyone is suffering with severe dehydration . Then things start to get worse ! I wo n't go further , but you have an amazing story of survival ahead of you.Two of the few survivors of this terrible ordeal later committed their experiences to writing , which provide great resources for this well-researched book.At another level , the book is also extremely interesting because these experiences were important influences on Herman Melville 's writing of the American classic , Moby Dick . The book makes the connection , including how Melville came to learn the story.At a third level , the book is a fascinating history of whaling around 1920 . If you are like me , you will cringe when the whalers devastate island after island . But that 's not the limit to their willingness to use nature to their own advantage.The ultimate irony is that the survivors went the wrong way . Those from Nantucket did not know about Tahiti and Hawaii , and chose not to go in either of those directions -- either of which would have provided more rapid safety and comfort . The primary reason they chose not to go in these directions is because they feared running into cannibals . Soon the survivors were studying the remains of dead shipmates with hunger . And then it gets worse.So , you have three different kinds of books to read here , anyone of which could be enormously enjoyable to you . Get ready for the trip of your life !
 Could n't put the book down . This event in our own history is well researched by Mr. Philbrick 's , his work is a pleasure to read . Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys either reading history or about the sea .
 Since there have been so many excellent reviews already , I 'll make mine short . This book is a well researched , detailed , and thoroughly fascinating account of the true tragedy , that Melville used as inspiration for his `` Moby Dick '' . I read it just before visiting Nantucket , the year it was first published . It was simply a great read before our visit ... a visit we have repeated many times since then . The book helped make the island come alive , and I felt enriched for reading it . The history of a place ... is the story of people , of their imaginations , of their ingenuity , of their courage , of their weaknesses , of their passions , of their failures , and of their love and forgiveness . This book , from beginning to end , is about the people of Nantucket ... and it 's well worth the read.It 's a story , by the way , that still continues , for both good and ill , as the island has reinvented itself , yet again .
 Having read the Mayflower by Mr. Philbrick some time ago and knowing how he was motivated to write that book , it interested me as to his motivation for this book . I was not dissapointed as the book is through in facts and presentation . As you already know , his writing is very vivid and complete not leaving the reader constantly guessing or speculating as to what transpired . Also it was a selection for our Sailing Book Club which motivated us to read it . Glad we did .
 If you have any interest in American history , Nantucket whaling , or a great sea story ... then you must read this book . This true story is what Moby Dick was based upon .
 As a summer resident of Nantucket and an avid Philbrick reader this book in my mind is his best . The rich detail of the whaleship Essex , the tragedy bestowed upon them and the gripping tale of survival and return and then renewal of a life at sea is enthralling .
 Well written and horrifying account of the Essex . I am from Boston and I was not aware of the story . Found the book in a store on Nantucket a over the summer . I am glad I remembered to order it when I came home from vaca . If your looking for an adventure story , without a Disney ending , , , , then this book is for you .
 This harrowing , hair-raising adventure story and testament to American ingenuity and resourcefulness is a thrill to read . Philbrick recounts the disaster of the Whaleship Essex largely relying on a careful selection of accounts from the memoirs of First Mate Owen Chase and Boatsteerer Thomas Nickerson that are peppered with interesting and informative annotations from a wealth of other sources.Clearly the author has an advantage in writing about such an exciting and well documented story , but Philbrick sets himself apart in that he lacks the pretension and glibness of many contemporary historians . For example , nautical terms are used throughout , but not in way that is mired in the nitty-gritty -LRB- although the notes provide additional depth -RRB- and a clearly labeled illustration is quite enabling for the `` coof '' -LRB- off-islander -RRB- or layman reader . Furthermore , the numerous asides do not disrupt the story , but enhance it due to the thoughtfulness and subtly of the author.This is an excellent and enthralling book from a most perspicacious author . Like the piece of twine weaved together and preserved by Essex survivor Benjamin Lawrence to remind Lawrence of his experience , Philbrick creates quite a yarn that will ensure the survival of the story of the Whaleship Essex for generations to come .
 this is one of the finest books i 've ever read . the story is fabulous and the author 's delivery is perfect . however , it is VERY graphic . the content can be extremely disturbing if you are not interested in the worst events any human can experience . it is told from the perspective of the survivors .
 Philbrick is a good writer . Sometimes I felt pulled between the history of Nantucket , an inside look into whaling and the story of the Essex . Each is interesting and deserves its own book . The story of the Essex is incredibly powerful , and I feel that Philbrick treated the terrible survival struggles of the crew at an arm 's length . The details were there , just not the emotion . He came close , but this story - with the struggle , errors of judgment , tragedy and cannibalism , had the potential to stand with the classic tales of Bly or Shackleton , but this telling did n't quite deliver .
 Nathaniel Philbrick 's history of the whaleship Essex builds on First mate Owen Chase 's account of the tragedy ; he adds the perspective of cabin boy Thomas Nickerson , written over 50 years after the actual events . Few sources are available , and scholarship-wise , this story is only beginning to be told . To contradict the author 's statement , this is an amazing adventure story , made more astounding because its true . Philbrick also includes plenty of background to aid in comprehension by modern readers with no prior knowledge of whaling , especially the eccentricities of early 19th century Nantucket . This author seems well-qualified in this regard . This book is an informative and entertaining blend of the tragedy of the Essex , background , possible motivating factors , and subsequent developments.It is a curious footnote to history that this story was well-known during the 19th century but almost forgotten today , much like the history of the whaling industry and sea voyages in general . No embellishment nor hindsight moralizing is necessary , nor does Philbrick force any . He is a tactful author , and the facts as much as we know them are more than enough to provide a thrilling tale . This is the way that history should be written ; its an absorbing read , framed in the context of historical development . It is neither too difficult for a novice , nor too elementary for the well-versed .
 Very quick read . Philbrick provides a nice combination of direct quotes from the accounts of the events and historical context to these events . In certain ways , it reads like a historical novel , but these events did happen . Very interesting book , well written , easy read .
 I always thought Moby Dick was it ... a profound historical account of the whaling industry before the 1900 's . Kids struggled thrugh it as Melville recounted the tale , yet the wade was painful to a point . The Essex adventure , though , while providing a fairly perfect account of the industry , does n't have to be digested , analyzed , or dissected much to get inside the characters or get a solid , historical feel for the whaling industry and the Nantucket lifestyle . Thoroughly enjoyable and painlessly educational .
 This book is by far one of the best historical narrative I 've read . Philbrick 's in-depth research lends itself to an amazing story that sweeps you back in time and place to the once fabled epicenter of the whaling world . The reader is drawn in and viscerally hit with images reflecting the experiences of the surviving whale ship Essex crew members . Think `` Alive '' but spun with the flair for adventure one might get from `` Into Thin Air '' or `` The Perfect Storm '' . If you enjoy historical accounts , look into Philbrick 's in-depth notes relating to how he was able to craft this seamless narrative .
 Nathaniel Philbrick 's `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is an incredible work of non-fiction that reads like a novel . Several times throughout the book I found myself in stunned disbelief that these events really took place . The book is not just the result of a strange historical occurrence , but of a people apart from all others.This book is fascinating not only because it was the first ship to attacked and sunk by whale , but because it is a tale of survival and the strength of the human spirit . Philbrick is lucky because he is able to draw upon several eye-witness accounts of survivors , unlike other recent sea-disaster books like `` The Perfect Storm '' . Through these first hand accounts , the reader can more fully grasp the suffering these men endured . Not only that , but the author 's description of the whaling industry and of life on Nantucket , transports the reader into a bygone era.Surviving three months and 4,500 miles on the open ocean in small , 6-person whaleboats , the men of the Essex experienced something that very few have known , and probably no one will ever experience again . The book provides a unique insight into this ultimate trial , and any reader will find themselves gripped by the story , unable to put it down until the conclusion is known . In short , it is an unforgetable adventure and worthy of your time .
 Mr. Philbrick tells a great story about a tragedy in the Pacific Ocean , the tragedy that inspired Herman Mellville to write Moby Dick . But he does more than tell of a ship smashed by a whale and the unfortunate survivors , he tells how they got to be months of sailing from home , out in the middle of the ocean hunting one of the largest mammals on the planet . That is the story of Nantucket and how it became the island that dominated the whale oil trade , about their customs and culture that allowed them to surpass many larger and better situated communities . It is an impressive tale and well worth reading .
 Philbrick as written this tragedy in such a manner that you must experience the trip with the sailors . Altho non-fiction , it is easily read , a book that is savored and felt for the bravery , courage , humanity and convictions of the men . I highly recommend this - good for sailing reading material !
 A great read , both educational and entertaining , In the Heart of the Sea goes beyond a typical sea story and captures the time and space of a real event , trumping the famous fiction story -LRB- Moby Dick -RRB- that loosely rose from the history.Starting with a great adventure as its base , Philbrick has wrapped in many fascinating details of the time -LRB- the nantucket whaleing industry , the island 's cultural roots , a geography lesson and social commentary -RRB- . I bought this book following on some of the sea adventure stories I 've read lately -LRB- including the fascinating story of Shackelton 's travails -LRB- `` Endurance '' -RRB- ... and was pleased to find adventure and so much more.Run out to buy this and you 'll have a suspensful read , a sailing story , and a history lesson all in one !
 This is a captivating book that can not be put down easily . The description of the survival methods of these whalers in the early 1800 's makes for engrossing reading . I highly recommend this to everyone . It is better by far than The Perfect Storm . I purposely slowed my reading of the book in order to make it last longer since it is a relatively short novel . Enjoy it everyone !
 A great story of survival on the seas . I enjoyed this book and was amazed by the depths to which these men sank . The writer did a great job pulling his information from all sources available for a story 180 years old . When there was disagreements as to stories , this was pointed out . By now you have probably heard the main part of the story
 This excellent piece of writing tells an absolutely amazing story . A whaling ship in the 1800 's in the middle of the Pacific is struck and sunk by a Sperm Whale in a matter of minutes . While this in itself is astonishing , the fact that the survivors spent months trying to get to land in boats that were basically row boats , with little food and water , is practically beyond belief . I found I had to constantly remind myself that this was a true storyPhilbrick tells the story well . He conducted extensive research that makes the facts and details come to life . For example , not only does he tell you that all they had on board was hardtack , but also how it was made , and how much would be required to sustain a sailor . All of the facts are meticulously researched , and there are extensive notes and references at the end of the book.I could not put it down . Great reading , and an even better true story . The incident that inspire Melville to write Moby Dick .
 What a powerful book . This book drew lots of emotion out of me and I developed lots of empathy for the whalers and their families , plus the slaughtering of the whales added to my wanting of the whaling industry of today totally stopped . Its totally inhumane , gross and horrible . I feel for the whales too.Great action and historical truth about the whale ship Essex and her crew and their families in Nantucket.In the Heart of the Sea The Tragedy of the whaleship Essex is a page burner . Read it in 11/2 day . No boring parts ... a fascinating read.This was the true story Herman Melville based his epic great novel Moby Dick on.Nathaniel Philbrick wrote a fascinating true historical book on the tragedy that befalls the crew on the whale ship Essex . 1819 the whale ship Essex and her 20 man crew leave Nantucket island for a 11/2 year regular whaling voyage . Unfortunately the Essex is rammed twice by an estimated 85ft Sperm Whale . The Essex is capsized and later sinks . The crew abandon ship in 3 small whaleboats with only a few hundred pounds of hardtack for food and luckily several nautical sighting instruments.LOTs of mistakes are made by Captain George Pollard , first mate Chase and a man named Joy in charge of their respective whaleboats . The captain had originally the right idea to head for an island but was swayed by the other officers because of fears of cannibals on islands to head for South America . We see the tragic dilemma of missing the right winds , missing closer islands with no cannibals and having to travel thousands of miles and running out of food and water . The men are forced to become cannibals and eating their dead friends and one time a young man -LRB- Captain Pollard 's nephew -RRB- draws a lot and is killed and eaten . Strange and suspect that the first eaten were all the black sailors . INMO the true Nantucket natives kept to themselves and became the hawks to prey on the blacks who seemed to get sicker first . The blacks had the poorer food on the Essex and developed less body fat to sustain them in their hunger and lack of food shipwrecked at sea.This to me was a very emotional tragedy story not a true adventure story . If you ca n't feel for these people you have no emotions.Two partial boats with a few survivors are rescued after a few months at sea ... most dead and eaten by the survivors . One boat found with only 4 skeletons . Three men are left on a small island with only their wits to capture the little food on the island and a spring that goes out under the tide so little or no water , are later rescued.You can imagine what the different families on Nantucket went through after hearing about the Essex sinking and later the survival stories related to cannibalism . Gives me the horrors just thinking about it.Just look at all the 5 star reviews . Lots of other reviewers thought this was a great book . If you want a book that will pull on your emotions and let you develop deep empathy toward the whalers and their families this is the book for you . Again INMO this is not a true adventure book but a deeply emotional tragedy . Also lots of great nautical whaling history before and after the Essex tragedy . 5 stars
 A great story ! So many things about the whaling industry and Nantucket that I did n't know about made this book all the more enjoyable . Some of the scenes described after the shipwreck made my skin crawl and I wonder ... what would any of us do if in a similar situation ?
 I enjoyed reading this book . However , it did make me nauseated . Author goes into a lot of detail .
 Philbrick deserves the praise given to Into the Heart of the Sea . In giving a historic account of the true story that gave inspiration for Herman Melville 's Moby Dick , Philbrick unveils the world of the Nantucket whaling industry and the fate of one unfortunate crew . For a history book , this is a rich page-turner that is uncommon in its historic depth and compelling narrrative .
 I only started to read this book because someone gave me it to me and said it was good . I did n't even think it sounded like something I would enjoy . I was wrong ! I was drawn into the story quickly . Historical fiction that is truly interesting and compelling .
 Belongs on the shelf right next to your copy of Moby Dick . Maybe it should even replace Melville 's weighty tome . I could never get through Moby Dick . I could barely even get started on it . But I 'm a semi-idiot . In the Heart of the Sea kept me up all night , and left me with images that I suspect will remain with me for as long as I remain .
 This book is a must have for anyone looking for a good history based novel about whaling . The author is very thurough and does a fantastic job telling this story .
 just a great book . one of the best i have ever read
 I enjoyed this book very much . I will not get into the story of what the book is about because the reviews made before me has done the job remarkably well . Especially the fact that it is a true story . It seems to me that fiction has taken prominence over fact sometimes in this modern world that we can not disern which is which any more . We live in a world that sometimes can not put things like this in there proper perspective . Folks , it did happen . If its not on the six o'clock news we think it never happen . Well , what is history for ? Never the less it is a great read , unless of course you happen to be stranded on a island or on a life boat . Enjoy every morsel .
 This was one of those books that I just could n't put down . I had to keep reading and reading until the entire story was done . I had to find out what happened to these people as they drifted across the Pacific.What made the tale interesting was how thoroughly human and fallible the characters were . You watch them first commit atrocities of their own -LRB- torching one of the Galapagos islands -RRB- , and you come to understand some of the brutality and savagery that pervaded life in a 19th century whaling ship . So by the time the whale attacks you 're kind of rooting for the whale.Then they 're adrift in the boats , and they manage to make every bad decision possible . They decide to sail thousands of miles to the coast of South America because they think the natives on the nearby islands are cannibalistic savages -LRB- their biggest mistake -RRB- ; and they eat the meat they have instead of using it as bait to catch fish.Watching them drift into their doom , and realizing that it was partly of their own making , somehow makes the story all the more gripping , because it makes you want to somehow reach back in time and yell at them , `` Do n't do that , you idiot ! Do n't you realize what 's going to happen if you do that ! `` All in all a great book . I highly recommend it .
 This was one book I truly could not put down . It starts off with a fascinating history of Nantucket , the whaling industry and the mystery of the Pacific Ocean in the early 19th century . It then becomes an epic story about survival in the high seas . I guarantee the reader will not be disappointed with this book .
 This is without question one of the more entertaining books I 've ever had the pleasure to read . I had to keep reminding myself that it was n't fiction . In fact , it has inspired me to read Moby Dick again . I think now I have a much greater appreciation for those who lived and sacrificed their lives on whale ships . I would recommend this book as a Father 's Day gift for anyone who has an interest in history , or just enjoys a good adventure . Mr. Philbrick should be congratulated for his efforts !
 This is a well researched , easy to read account of the historical underpinnings of Moby Dick . I had trouble putting the book down . Although cannibalism is addressed , do n't expect gruesome details . The issue is straightforwardly but not voyeuristicly addressed .
 I really liked this book . Part of me thinks it intellectually weak to have enjoyed so much this work , as it is on one hand a simple survival tale . But , it is what it is on the other hand that makes a rich and powerful , balanced read . The tale is interwoven with a history of Nantucket , details on the whaling business , a survey of survival psychology , a highlight history of maritime disasters , a primer on Moby Dick , and a light geography on/geology of Pacific island outposts ; all this with the added candy of a full-blown preface , endnote and bibliographic frame . One could use this text as a springboard for a full study of any one of these topics . I plan to use it as an intro to a new better-informed reading of Melville 's classic . But , like I said , I really liked this book ... even if just for the `` Into Thin Air '' value of the narrative .
 In this meticulous recounting of the tragedy of the whaleship Essex , sunk by a sperm whale in the 1800 's , the awesome power of nature once more strikes a dramatic pose as man struggles for survival against the elements . In careful perspective , Philbrick takes into account all of the available records , from the erudite second mate , Owen Chase , to the 14-year-old cabin boy , Thomas Nickerson . As well , Captain John Pollard was able to relate his own accounting of the tragedy that forever changed the lives of the few remaining crew.Taking a sperm whale is fraught with danger , but none of the crew of the Essex could have anticipated the attack on the ship itself . With only seconds to spare , the men gathered what they could from the rapidly sinking vessel , navigational instruments , some fresh water , a modest amount of provisions . Deployed in three boats , the first was manned by the Captain , the second by Owen Chase , the 1st mate , and the third by Mattew Joy , the 2nd mate . The boats attempted to keep within sight of each other , but were later separated by unavoidable circumstances.Strength and provisions were unequal from the start
 Excellent account of survival at sea , and a wonderful summary of the history of Nantucket whaling industry . I found the author 's occasional preoccupation with the sailors ' race to be distracting - he seemed to rationlize and almost apologize for the thoughts of 19th century men as if they were aware of , but chose to ignore , moden civil rights . Less opining on that subject would have made the book more appealing .
 This is one of the best accounts of suvivorship that I have read . Philbrick not only tells the story of the Essex , but he also tells the story of what made the men of the Essex the men that they were . Only Shakelton 's story compares with this story as far as I am concerned , but even Shakelton had an easier time than the survivors of the Essex . I would suggest it to anyone who likes suspense and adventure .
 Owen Chase , the first mate on the whaleship Essex that shipped from Nantucket in 1820 , to be visciously attacked and sunk by a sperm whale over 2,000 miles from the South American coast , survived at sea on a whale boat for two months . Cannabalism of a dead crewman was his key to survival . Chase subsequently became a whale boat captain and authored a tome on his experiences . In 21 years at sea , Chase only spent 5 months on land but managed to have 6 children by 4 wives -LRB- 2 died in childbirth , 1 was divorced for infidelity while he was at sea -RRB- . This history book , though highly entertaining , is an eye-opener about 19th century America , Natucket Quaker culture , the whaling industry , race -LRB- when the survivors resorted to cannabalism , the first four crew members eaten were Americans of African descent , a face that the Quaker abolitionist whalers of Nantucket tried to keep silent -RRB- . The literature that came out of the Essex tragedy , from Melville 's Moby Dick to works by Edgar Allen Poe , is also well reviewed . To combine entertainment with the acquisition of knowlege , this book can not be beat .
 This is an amazing book . Initially , it comes across as sort of a spin-off on books like `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Perfect Storm '' -- both of which Mr. Philbrick has acknowledged as inspirations -- but I actually think `` Into the Heart ... '' surpasses both , particularly in the depth of feeling this book inspires . All the elements of a great adventure story are here
 This story is the well documented story of the sinking of the whaleship Essex by a whale . This is the story of the actual events that inspired Herman Melville to create his novel , Moby Dick . In the Heart of the Sea is the story of the whaling industry in Nantucket , as well as the culture of the people of Nantucket . Most of all it is a story of how men faced with what seems to be insurmountable odds against them , strive with everything in their heart and soul to survive and return home . The lengths these men of the sea would go to and the actions they are forced to choose between were stunning . The author describes their physical and mental condition as their situation plays out and you realize what a super-human effort even the smallest necessary task was to perform . To fight when your body has nothing to draw upon or to surrender yourself at that point , these are the decisions they must weigh . The author recreates the emotions at each point in their journey . From the ramming of the ship , when the men can not believe what is happening , to their isolation on the sea , thousands of miles from the nearest land in small boats and a meager supply of survival supplies , to their arrival on an island , only to realize they can not survive for long there either . The documentation of the starvation process from other situations -LRB- concentration camps , remote crash sights , etc. -RRB- provide a crystal clear story of what these men were experiencing . While the first chapter or so did not pull me into the story , suddenly I was swept up in the lives of these whalers and could not put this book down . If you want to read about the sea or what men can overcome when life is in the balance , this is a vivid tale , tragic , heroic and stunning .
 As a junior in high school , I just finished reading `` In the Heart of the Sea
 Very good and apparently well researched account of the tragedy of the Whaleship Essex which was stove in and sunk by a whale , a rare event . Begins with a good background of the old whaling industry in New England , particularly Nantucket , and follows with the tragic voyage of the Essex . Detailed description of the ordeal and horrors endured by the 20 men who were in 3 small boats on the open ocean for over 90 days . Good descriptions of the Captain , First Mate , and others , and well illustrated with drawings and photographs . Once started , I found the book hard to put down .
 Nathaniel Philbrick has built a time ship with In The Heart of the Sea . Philbrick transports the reader into another time , and places the reader on the ship amidst the turmoil and struggle . This is a simply fantastic book . Philbrick explains the process of whale hunting without turning his work into an instruction manual . I am not a fan of fiction , and it is because of this that I feel that this book is much more appropriate for high school readers . Any instructor assigning Moby Dick to their students should read this book and reconsider.At times the acts of the crew may turn the readers stomach , but by that time the reader is too involved to put the book down . I did n't want the book to end . Immediately after finishing the book I reread certain chapters . I can not praise this book enough . A fantastic feather in your cap Mr. Philbrick !!!
 This is a great adventure story of survival on the high seas . This is a great read for anyone who loves a true adventure story . I liked this story as much as `` Endurance '' which was the Antarctic survival story of Sir Ernest Shackleton .
 Excellent read . It 's exciting , detailed and quick . The author pulls you into the story immediately , describing how two men were found scooping marrow out of the bones of their shipmates upon their rescue . Very interesting socioeconomic info on early Nantucket , too . I love human survival stories -LRB- Everest , Fastnet race , etc. -RRB- , and this was just fantastic . Enjoy !
 I thought this book was absolutely fabulous . Mr. Philbrick 's writing makes what happened on the Essex come to life . His graphic description of how a whale is killed made me a little squeamish , but it also helped me understand what whaling was all about . It was n't just the horrors that the crew of the Essex went through that kept my attention , but the whole culture that surrounded the lives of a whaling community . This book has whetted my appetite to learn more !
 The setting is a whale ship on a whale hunting trip . The story is an adventure that beats any reality-based media production . This is about unscheduled human trials from start to finish . It grips you as you identify with the untold sufferings of starvation and thirst . Hope is always present within some and lacking in others as the disintegration of values begins in the struggle for life . The brutality of circumstances that fell upon the crew is no less than that bestowed upon one of the most magnificent animals on earth .
 This was a hard one to put down . In vivid but tight language , the story of the Essex is gripping and the details of the culture of whaling and the hard life at sea are intriguing and informative . In the end we get to see how religion , social position and greed play together to tell the grim sort of story we rarely acknowledge as part of our American history . Well worth the time and suitable for non-historians for its high adventure . It made me want a big steak .
 Philbrick tells the amazing tale of a whaleship sunk by a whale , which inspired Melville 's Moby Dick . The whaleship Essex was rammed by a massive sperm whale in the middle of the Pacific ocean , forcing the crew onto three small whale boats as their ship went down . What followed was nearly three harrowing months of dehydration , starvation , and ultimately cannabilism on the open ocean before some of the crew were miraculously rescued . Philbrick tells the tale quite well , with great realism and suspense . He also expertly provides the context of the Nantucket whaling industry in the 19th century . A fascinating , inspiring , and disturbing tale .
 In The Heart of The Sea is more than just the tale of a chilling tragedy , perseverance , and suffering . Like The Hungry Ocean , the Linda Greenlaw book on sword fishing , Heart of the Sea gives you a fair understanding of the traveling Nantucket factories that were the whale ships of the early 19th century.Philbrick reconstructs Quaker Nantucket society , whaling operations , and American 's knowledge of their world , creating a context for the decisions and actions the men in the whaleship took . While we may be horrified at the lengths the crew went to for survival , it does force the question upon the reader.It 's amazing what people can survive . After 93 days asea after the wreck , these men -LRB- some of them , anyway , or all of them in a way -RRB- went home , plumped up a bit , and went right back out to sea again.For those squeamish about familial cannibalism , whale slaughter , and mindless cruelty to tortoises , this is one to avoid .
 After reading `` Into Thin Air '' by Jon K. -LRB- about death , tragedy and survival on Everest -RRB- , I was looking for a similar book about adventure , triumph over tragedy and survival over seemingly insurmountable odds . Well , I got was I was looking for in Mr. Philbricks book.Rather than just being a narrative of first hand accounts of the story of the Essex , Mr. Philbrick gives a good history lesson on the importance whaling played in the economy and lives of many early Americans . He also includes recent studies and research on starvation , cannablism , traumatic stress and physiology into the stories of the men , giving a more complete picture of the entire situation they were experiencing -LRB- physically and emotionally -RRB- . The book is well researched , drawing on the accounts of all the survivors to get an accurate history of what happened on the boats . He is able to bring about the close of the book with how the close knit island of Nantucket dealt with the tragedy that occured . Also in the closing , he includes the history of what happened to the men after their rescue and how the event affected their lives afterwards.I can not express what this book or story is about better than the author when he expresses that `` this is not an adventure story '' but a story of tragedy , suffering and survival . It is well worth the read .
 It is hard to imagine a greater adventure story . About 100 times while I was reading this book it crossed my mind that this story would make an awesome movie . I hope one day this happens . When I think of all the -LSB- ... -RSB- that Hollywood puts out & then makes 2 , 3 or 4 sequels of the same old stuff I scratch my head.The story is incredible & Nathaniel Philbrick does an excellent job of putting you there . He also makes it very clear that he has done a great job researching this story . Numerous times he refers to similar events that happened to other ships in the 1700 & 1800 's . I think the last 1/4 of the book is detailed references & footnotes , very thorough indeed . He incorporates modern medical knowledge into the story as well . Of 300 + books I have read I would put this one in the top 10 of books I would recommend to others .
 Epics rouse the heroic , the tragic , the self in extremis . I , for one , am content for others to scale the Himalayas , the Andes and endure privations that leave me cosily to tend the garden.But I do n't in the least mind reading of other 's travails , especially when the writing can convey the spectrum of sense data that challenges the participants . ` The Heart of the Sea ' recounts one of the great whaling stories of the C19th , and without subtracting from the ethos of Nantucket 's society , quite plausibly suggests how , if the tragedy of the ` Essex ' could not be avoided , could have unfolded differently had the social mix been different . A relatively recent publication of one of the survivor 's accounts , adds to Nathaniel Philbrick 's grasp . Without studious fuss , he embeds relevant data on what happens to bodies deprived of water and food over extrended periods , cannabalism , the manner by which whaling crafts were built , navigation means of the early C19th and fullsome images of the spectre of the whale and its value to the industry of those times . Above all there is the shadow of Mellville 's mammoth , Moby , a momentous story that surely guided Philbrick 's magnificently evocative re-telling . The salt is on every page and the sea 's rhythmns shape the irrevocable pace of the writing . Utterly consuming . Readers excited by this book might look at Alexander McKee 's , ` Death Raft ' about the survivors of the French frigate , ` Medusa ' which wrecked only a few years before the ` Essex ' . While not rivalling Philbrick 's poetic language , it is worth a dip .
 I 'm just back from a visit to a whaling ship in the early 1800s . IN THE HEART OF THE SEA was passed along to me by a reading friend at work . This would not have been a book I would have picked up without her strong recommendation . It is one of the best written books I 've read in a long time , a scholarly compilation of information as well as a journal and a notebook left behind by survivors of the whaling ship The Essex which was attacked by a whale . This is the same story that Melville adapted MOBY DICK from . Melville , however , only had access to the journal of the First Mate , and since that time a notebook kept by the cabinboy has come to light . The author , Nathaniel Philbrick , takes those , and thoroughly researches not only the time and the industry , but the history of Nantucket , including the lives of the women -LRB- who basically ran things as whaling might require a voyage of 2-3 years -RRB- and the peace loving Quakers , who became a rather blood thirsty lot when chasing whales . The book also includes a wonderful collection of maps and photographs . -LSB- Only the BEST armchair books include maps and pictures ! -RSB- The extreme arrogance of man , to cast out into huge oceans -LRB- and I mean plural , for the whalers went right around the Cape -RRB- to take on these giants of the sea . Imagine - no GPS , no radios , no tracking , no instant communications . To go after these huge sea creatures in small boats with harpoons - and once they lanced the whale it was a merry ride , like a runaway carriage . The author skillfully knits the story together with lot of scholarly research into the effects of starvation , the plundering of the whale -LRB- very much along the scale of the buffalo -RRB- and the effects on the people who live through this , the leadership or politics of the ships as well as the whaling island of Nantucket . Let me HIGHLY recommend , and ... interestingly enough the Spousal Unit LISTENED when I recommended that he should at least look at the pictures and diagrams ... and he just inquired if I `` had trouble putting the book down '' -LRB- and he is NOT a reader -RRB- .
 This question was asked in Britain 's parliament about the hugely successful and wealthly whaling industry on Nantucket Island . It could have been asked about the Sperm whale , or more immediately , about Nathaniel Philbrick 's book itself . IN THE HEART OF THE SEA
 This book is nothing short of phenomenal . The first 50 pages is good , but then this thing takes off like a harpoon shot from a cannon ! I could not put it down . Not only is this excruciatingly real tale of suffering and survival rivetting in all its no-holds-barred accounts , but I found the history and information about whaling and Nantucket to be very interesting . Philbrick did a marvelous job of weaving so many accounts of this tragedy into a single , seamless , powerful narrative . Not since John Krackauer 's `` Into The Wild '' have I been so moved by a book .
 History , whaling , sailors , cannabalism -- not topics I 'd usually choose to read about . But this book was much more than the sum of its parts . Philbrick 's research was indisputably thorough and the result is an incredible true account of man 's determination and will to survive . Not only is there history here , but there are characters that we come to know and respect . Philbrick was adept at adding a psychological perspective to events and conditions which added depth and insight to the reader 's own thoughts and conclusions . A tightly written , gripping account . As others have said , you 'll be up all night reading this one . Highly recommend this book .
 In the early nineteenth century , the whaleship Essex sailed from Nantucket for the final time . The ship encountered a giant sperm whale in the middle of the ocean . The whale attacked the ship , disabling it , sending the men into the whaleships , where most of them would live , and die , for eighty-odd days . This is a rich tale of courage , starvation , cannibalism , and racial politics.Nathaniel Philbrick 's account of the ill-fated Essex is thick with history . Philbrick has meticulously researched his book , evidenced by the extensive notes and bibliography . Still , In the Heart of the Sea lacks the heart of Erik Larson 's excellent Isaac 's Storm , in my mind the book of the year . For all of Philbrick 's keen facts and thoroughness , his writing is often academic-sounding , and he does not boldly follow historical tangents as Larsen does so well . Do n't get me wrong , In the Heart of the Sea is a remarkable book , well deserving of the National Book Award . I think , however , that Larson deserved it more .
 A wonderful book , one you just ca n't put down . The author knows his stuff , very well researched . I 'm reading it as part of a class which starts tomorrow , and I ca n't wait for the discussion . It 's exciting and really creates a time and place for the reader .
 Knowing that this was not a fictional story added an element of intensity as I read this book . Truthfully , this would have made for good fictional reading as well . I enjoyed the character development and the way in which the story was told . I was on the edge of my seat , and looking forward to getting to the book every morning while reading this . In the Mr. Philbrick 's words , `` The Essex disaster is not a tale of adventure . It is a tragedy that happens to be one of the the greatest true stories ever told . ''
 What a fantastic story told in a fascinating way . I 've read many books about maritime disasters , and this one has gone to the top of the list . Nathaniel Philbrick is a great story-teller and meticulous researcher . I 'm very , very impressed .
 Wow , this is a great book . The author is very skilled in telling historical facts and journal entries but into a story that is easy to read , full of factual informative information , and has great structure . If you like this book I would definitely suggest reading `` Skeletons in the Sahara '' another phenomenal book , it 's not written by Nathaniel Philbrick , but also another amazing author who tells a tragic story of a crew and his captain lost at sea near Africa and the story of the few that survived.I also bought Nathaniel Philbrick 's Mayflower but have n't had a chance to read it yet but look forward to doing so now since i 've read In the Heart of the sea .
 This is a phenomenal book . I am putting it in my top five . It is that rare bit of nonfiction that keeps you on the edge of your seat . I am an avid horror reader , and although technically this book does n't fit that genre , I am making a place for it on my horror shelf . This truly is a tragedy , and the depths of Captain Pollard 's misfortune is staggering . Granted he was n't a `` fishy man , '' but he is a character you rooted for . Chase , more captain than first mate , was the true leader . He kept an almost obsessive watch over the rations and kept his battered boat in sailing shape despite the seemingly insurmountable odds set before his crew . This is an outstanding book . Philbrick is an excellent writer . I particularly like the way he handled the explanation of starvation and the effects on the psyche . I 've heard some call the section about cannibalism gruesome , and it was , but in order to understand the sheer power of this tragedy , it was tactfully and , I think , brilliantly handled in this regard by Philbrick.Kudos to the author and kudos to the lucky reader who picks up this book !
 It 's been a few years since a book stuck with me as much as this one . The author has combined an incredible story with detailed facts about the whaling industry of the 1800 's . Well researched and a clinic on the human spirit.Also recommended : Guns , Germs , and Steel , Fast Food Nation
 Engrossing tale based on the true events of the whaler Essex . Good background information provided by the author enhances the reading pleasure . Well written although not brilliant prose . I greatly enjoyed the story despite knowing little about whaling or seafaring .
 If everyone could write history like Philbrick , we 'd have more history majors than you could count . To be fair , much of what makes this particular effort so page-turning is the story that Philbrick selects , but he deserves credit for smart selection too.This book recounts the tale of about 25 young men setting out from Nantucket in 1819 for a whaling voyage that would take them around the tip of South America and into the Pacific Ocean and was expected to last as long as two years - pretty typical for the time . Unfortunately for them , they would undergo a trial that would be so amazing that it would become the basis for Melville 's Moby Dick.The Whaleship Essex is attacked by an 85 foot Sperm Whale , and sunk . The crew of the ship get into three small whale boats and attempts to sail more than 1,000 miles to the coast of South America after deciding against closer islands for fear of cannibals -LRB- there is a very grim irony in this later in the story -RRB- . I wo n't tell you any more of the story , because it 's far too fun to have it unfold for yourself as you read . I will say that the story itself is amazing and Philbrick puts you right in the middle of the action with his narrative and use of the notes of the men who were there . In the midst of the drama , you come away learning quite a bit about a way of life that has long since vanished.The way history should be - having the feel of a being about people just like us , but in wholly different circumstances . Highly recommended .
 ` In the Heart of the Sea ' is Nathaniel Philbrick 's telling of the whale ship Essex and her last voyage . This true story has been noted as the inspiration for Melvilles - ` Moby Dick ' . The tale is well written and provides some background into the whaling industry at that time , and the crew members on that ill-fated voyage.Captain Pollard embarks on this voyage as the new captain of the Essex . Along with the first mate Owen Chase and cabin boy Thomas Nickerson , and eighteen others they set out for the Pacific whaling grounds in search of filling their hold with barrels of whale oil . The journey starts with mishap as the ship is ` knocked-over ' on its side during a storm . The captain is convinced not to turn back and continues on.Once in the Pacific thay start filling their hold , and decide to head further west in search of whales . As the crew persue a pod of whales , the Essex is attacked by a bull male . The ship is struck twice and begins to sink . The crew salvage as much as possible from the sinking ship and eventually leave to head for land . Instead of heading to the nearby islands because of a fear of cannibals , the crew head for South American . This decision provse to be a fatal one for a majority of the crew.The book tells the grueling story of the survival of Pollard , Chase , Nicherson and Lawrence . We see the terrible effects of starvation and what drove these men to finally turn to cannibalism.This book is a great read for fans of Moby-Dick and of the terrible journey of survival . This tales reminds me of the other survival stories such as the Shackleton expedition , and ` Into Thin Air ' . Enjoy !
 What a wonderful and often time touching story . It is very hard to believe what those men went thru . They were dealt one bad card after another and yet they still endured . I recommend this book to everyone . Especially those who think that they have is bad .
 Nathaniel Philbrick 's rendition of the story of the Essex provides a searing insight into the human experience within it 's natural context . Leadership is inexorably interwoven with survival . While acknowledging Shackleton 's accomplishments in providing exemplary leadership in the most challenging of situations , Philbrick points out that the leaders of the Essex , in similar dire straits , were not there out of a conscious decision to seek fame or glory , but working men , out to make a living . His correlation of this reality with that of the whale , a mammal with a larger brain , causes one to pause and contemplate . Perhaps the only fitting tribute to the men of the Essex and their families .
 Superb historical review of the disaster of the Whaling ship Essex . Puts meaning into &#34; survive at sea , &#34; and takes the reader into the era of Nantucket whaling .
 An outstanding story of survival against all odds . A great read . This true story was the basis of the story &#34; Moby Dick &#34; .
 A historical sea story that is well written and well researched.It makes you want to know more about the whaling industry & uses of whale oil .
 Wow - a riveting account of the little-known-today but well-known-at-the-time incident that inspired Moby Dick . An amazing story of survival and hubris . Well-deserved awards for this one .
 Even though i have no connection with the american historical culture of the sea i find a large interest in history and i believe this story is a true treasure for a lover of history and any story that grabs you and pulls you in ! This certainly did it for me . I did n't realise it was such a famous story , and no wonder why . The strength and hope these men had is truly remarkable ! There will to live in such dire straights is much to be admired . It delves into the highest of joyous accomplishments to the lowest of human depravity and desperations . Very recommended !
 This book is thoroughly enjoyable from the standpoints of historical accuracy , human endurance and unthinkable horror . The whalers aboard Essex were the rock stars of their day , and rightfully so . They left home for years at a time , traveled the seas and worked their asses off . They were true men and adventurers . The horrific tragedy that struck the crew of Essex borders on the unthinkable , and the manner in which they chose to make the best odds of survival and return is truly engaging . Despite several mistakes and some extremely tough choices , several of the crew survived against the odds.The book seems to be well researched and accurate . The author lays out the scene of 1820s Nantucket in a way that places the reader right there alongside the whalers . They are then taken aboard Essex and almost become one of the crewmen . Very well written , without unnecessary drama or embellishment , The Heart of the Sea is a compelling account of a true life incident that anyone interested in history , adventure and human spirit should enjoy ... I know I certainly did !
 This author tells and engrossing , captivating story with energy and humor . Although the story itself is rather horrific , the author keeps the story human , not heroic . I absolutely loved it !
 My wife loved this book . She read it in three days or something . Me it took a bit longer . In fact I read half , then read another book , then finished this one . Not sure why that happened , because I admit this story was captivating.These guys made a lot of bad choices -LRB- albeit , I 'm sure they did better than I would 've -RRB- . They had even more back luck . But in the end , some lived to tell the tale . It 's a must read for those who like non-fiction adventure/tragedies . I watched Alive with my kids this week . It reminded me some of this book . If you like survival . Can handle stories of people in dire straights . And are fairly morally openminded . Read this book . It is a tale of tribulation and great courage .
 I can only give this book 4 stars . The first 3rd of the book was really slow for me . It took a few months for me to get through . The rest of the book only took me a couple of days . Of course the first part of the book is setting everything thing up in regards to the industry , the initial voyage , and background info on the men . But , I still had a hard time . The rest of the book is worth 6 stars .
 It is little wonder Mr. Melville was able to spin a yarn capable of captivating successive generations . `` Moby Dick '' had roots in the real life tragedy of the Essex . The fiction focuses on the whale and the captain . The factual account in this page turner brings the life and death struggle for survival down to a conscious and personal level .
 Be careful when you pick up this book . Once you do you wo n't want to put it down . The book is a wonderful use of 6-10 hours of your life . I look at our lives today a lot differently now , and how little we understand about holding onto living . This book puts in perspective just how bad and gruesome human tragedy -- and perserverent -- life can be . I have never read a book twice , but this book I will read again .
 This book is an accurate account of survival at sea for a crew of a shipwrecked whale boat in the Pacific Ocean . It is interesting to read about the `` bad '' decisions made by the Captain and officers , by avoiding certain islands -LRB- which would have saved lives ultimately -RRB- because of a fear of island `` cannibilism '' . It shows the lack of knowledge or communication present during this era . The last chapters of the book are very captivating , in which the crew resorts to the true essence of survival in the human species -LRB- I do n't want to spoil the story by describing the details ! -RRB- This really made me think of how we , as human beings , take everyday things for granted . I think that this book brings us back to `` reality '' of just how fragile our lives are ! A great history book . If you think those `` reality '' TV survival shows are tough , you need to read a `` real '' survival story , this one was n't made for TV ratings !!!
 I found `` In the Heart of the Sea '' not only a compelling tale about survival on the sea , but also very informative about whaling in the 1800 's . Some parts were slow moving but overall a very good book .
 I enjoyed this book very much . I will not get into the story of what the book is about because the reviews made before me has done the job remarkably well . Especially the fact that it is a true story . It seems to me that fiction has taken prominence over fact sometimes in this modern world that we can not disern which is which any more . We live in a world that sometimes can not put things like this in there proper perspective . Folks , it did happen . If its not on the six o'clock news we think it never happen . Well , what is history for ? Never the less it is a great read , unless of course you happen to be stranded on a island or on a life boat . Enjoy every morsel .
 I enjoyed this book very much . I will not get into the story of what the book is about because the reviews made before me has done the job remarkably well . Especially the fact that it is a true story . It seems to me that fiction has taken prominence over fact sometimes in this modern world that we can not disern which is which any more . We live in a world that sometimes can not put things like this in there proper perspective . Folks , it did happen . If its not on the six o'clock news we think it never happen . Well , what is history for ? Never the less it is a great read , unless of course you happen to be stranded on a island or on a life boat . Enjoy every morsel .
 I enjoyed this book very much . I will not get into the story of what the book is about because the reviews made before me has done the job remarkably well . Especially the fact that it is a true story . It seems to me that fiction has taken prominence over fact sometimes in this modern world that we can not disern which is which any more . We live in a world that sometimes can not put things like this in there proper perspective . Folks , it did happen . If its not on the six o'clock news we think it never happen . Well , what is history for ? Never the less it is a great read , unless of course you happen to be stranded on a island or on a life boat . Enjoy every morsel .
 So many reviewers have done such a great job in their descriptions that I do n't want to rehash the story again . Big whale , little ship , cannibalization , fascinating characters - all great elements to create a compelling story.This is not the typical genre that I gravitate toward , but I found myself unable to put this book down . The descriptions of the whaling society in Nantucket hooked me from page one - and the story just would not let go . I really do n't care for gross out books , and to be honest if I had realized how much of that was in this novel , I would have passed it over . That would have been a mistake .
 I have been on a `` sea-disaster '' kick lately and read this book in 2 days . It is an excellent account of the story of the essex and it 's survivors , and includes detail that I was unaware of ; such as the fact that the son of one of the survivors was a shipmate of Herman Melville on another whaling vessel . Excellent book .
 One fantastic book ! Expertly written and researched , Heart of the Sea is a must . I read it in one day . Absorbing . Do n't miss it . And give it to the children , too .
 An absolutely amazing story . Mr. Philbrick has put together an amazing read regarding the events of this doomed ship . Easy to read , hard to put down ; forces one to consider how they would response to such events .
 I was fascinated by the events of the story and was impressed by the vast amount of research and references that went into this story . The reader gains a knowledge of , not just the ships voyage , but also the Nantucket lifestyle , sailors life , whale processing , life at sea , survival , economic influence of the time ... etc. . This book really immerses the reader into the period that the disastrous journey took place . It was an easy read for me and i 'm not a reader . It 's been years since i 've rea a book all the way through like i did with this book !
 The condition is somewhat less than perfect -- but not much.The book is wonderful . Fascinating story and Very well researched and written .
 This was the first real maritime book I read several years ago and boy was it worth it . A truly compelling story . Could not put it down . It kept you wanting more and more . I just can not image what it must have been like to be stranded at sea . This book does a good job of that . I highly recommend it . A true adventure .
 Nathaniel Philbrick has a well-earned reputation for scholarship and sheer writing talent . He knows how to bring to life historical tales , such as this true story of a whaling vessel sunk by an enraged sperm whale and the crew 's torturous struggle to survive on the open sea . It 's a remarkable story !
 This is a very detailed and thrilling tale of the lives of whalers in the 19th century . The author does a great job taking us back to those whaling days describing how the whaleships are readied for sailing out for what could be years away from home and family . The incredible story of survival through some horrendous trials is just inspiring . It 's hard for us to imagine what life was like in those days but this novel takes us along for an amazing journey .
 This book is a wonderful story of the lives of the sailors on the whaling ships of the period . Their adventure on the ship Essex as it left port sailing for new grounds . Little was know about the islands of the Pacific and in thisstory it was a sad effect that could have made their rescue shorter and saved some lives . Some parts of the story even though it was factual was too much detail in the death of some of the ship mates.Their lives , after their rescue , I found interesting in the way that they personally found solace in the jobs theytook up.I would recommend this book . It was the chosen book by our Book Club of women and all found it interesting .
 One of the best books I 've ever read . It absolutely should be read in conjunction with Moby Dick since the classic is based on the truths from this book . Learn all about the Nantucket whaling society and the women 's secret society within ; fascinating to say the least ! This is a book to curl up with on a long and stormy night . Enjoy a wonderful read .
 I might not have picked up this book if it had n't won the prize , not being much interested in either whaling or sea adventure , but it turned out to be a terrific book for anyone simply interested in history . Awfully good real life story also , and very well told . The writer sticks to what he knows -- Nantucket -- and fortunately he had already written two previous histories of Nantucket , so the historical record was fully deployed and with great skill . As other reviewers here have mentioned , the book is highly engaging and easily holds your interest right to the end .
 Having no idea about the historical importance of whaling , this book captures both the essence of what it meant to be an American in Nantucket and why so many men were willing to put their lives at risk to pursue whales around the world . The story of the attack and crew 's subsequent trials is remarkable . While I lament the product they pursued , the courage of men to challenge the open sea with current navigational technologies is an impressive tale regardless of the circumstances .
 My husband could n't put this book down once he started reading . Based on fact and an inspiration for Melville 's `` Moby Dick '' , the harrowing life of the whaling ships and crews of yore is vividly portrayed , especially the voyage of the `` Essex '' where desperation meant resorting to cannibalism .
 Yep ... this book has already been reviewed by multitudes of people , so I will only say that this is a very well-written book that you will probably enjoy reading . It is one of those books that you just want to keep reading until you are done and then you are sad you are done reading .
 I have n't read this book , but I was wondering how this book stacks up with the Penguin version ` The Loss of the Whale Ship Essex , Sunk By A Whale ? ' From what I understand , this novel is a retelling of events while the Penguin Classics is the actual accounts of two of the crew members ? I 'm a bit torn as to which one I should read/purchase . All comments are very much appreciated .
 I have read and enjoyed Ernest Shackleton 's books of exploration and adventure sailing to and traversing Antarctica . Though `` In the Heart of the Sea '' lacks the gripping first-hand narrative of Shackleton 's memoirs , this book is truly gripping with its depiction of the hard life of these shipwrecked whalemen . The author , Nathaniel Philbrick , draws from first-hand accounts of the Essex tragedy and supplements the first-hand accounts with his own research , maps , and explanations of whaling and whaleships . Philbrick 's depiction of 19th century Nantucket , Quakers , and whaling culture add to the story and place the decisions and actions of the shipwrecked crew into the context of their times and culture . I feel that had I only read a the first-hand accounts -LRB- which I intend to do someday -RRB- , I would not have understood the reasons why the men acted as they did following the loss of their ship . Most importantly , Philbrick 's telling of the Essex tragedy fills in the omissions and exaggerations of the first-hand accounts , and offers a modern perspective on their decisions.Having also recently read Melville 's `` Moby-Dick '' for the first time , I was quite interested to read `` In the Heart of the Sea '' to learn more about whaling . This book covers some of the technical aspects of a 19th-century whaleship and whaling which were hard to gather from the text of `` Moby-Dick '' . The book includes some diagrams of the whaleship Essex , which I assume is fairly representative of Melville 's vision of the fictional whaleship Pequod described in `` Moby-Dick '' .
 The Heart of the Sea will beat , beat , beat in your soul for years to come . Consume this riveting account of the Whaleship Essex . If Heart of the Sea was written at the time of the historic events Melville may have had an employment problem , for why create Moby Dick when truth is stronger than fiction?America 's thirst for oil has taken forms in many ways . Our lust for lit lamps sent many men into the darkness of the sea for fortune or fatality . This quest brought on adventure , death , and cannibalism ! Nibble , than gnaw at the spine of this thrilling true account of life aboard a whaler ! Ride this Nantucket sleigh ride and you will not be disappointed !
 A harrowing recount of a Nantucket whaleship 's destruction in the Pacific , stoved in by an angry whale . The story inspired Melville to write Moby Dick , but 's it 's a gripping tale of survival all on its own . The survivors of the sinking have to make sail with their tiny skiffs across half of the Pacific Ocean.The story is grim but incredible . Philbrick wears his research lightly , although his work is thorough the research does n't get in the way of telling the story well . It 's a real window the lost world of the Nantucket whalers , their culture and life , as well as the story of men 's behaviour when tested to the limits .
 I have read a couple of Nathaniel Philbricks ' other books -LRB- Sea of Glory , and Mayflower -RRB- and knew I was in for a treat . His historical research and ability to portray events of resounding consequence in their contemporary contexts filled with very human characters is truly a gift . This book is no different . I had no particular interest in whaling itself and so this book had remained on my periphery for some time . I did n't know what I was missing.Philbrick pulls back the veil on whaling history and of course the Essex ' crew themselves revealing mesmerizing scenes . Drawing from first hand accounts the author weaves a solid , continuous narrative of tragedy and triumph that ranks among the greatest survival feats of all time . I love reading tales of survival and this book ranks at the top alongside Alfred Lansing 's landmark work , Endurance
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book about the sinking of the Essex , the story of which was the inspiration for Herman Melville 's Moby Dick . Apparently , the story of the Essex was well known at the time although not so much in modern times . The author does a wonderful job of drawing out the story from the original sources and presenting it in a compelling way . This is the type of non-fiction book that reads like a fictional thriller . Another strong point is that the author did not go on and on about certain superfluous details in a way that other authors in this genre tend to do . This book was just the right length to cover the story and do it justice . Highly recommended , especially for those with an interest in maritime history , survival , or just the sea itself .
 Truth really is stranger than fiction . This book was hard to put down . The author is very gifted at telling the story and weaving it all together to created a suspenseful masterpiece.As I read , it was easy to imagine that I could actually hear the ship 's boards creaking , smell the tar and oil , hear the waves lapping against the sides of the ship and feel the sea breeze . I felt very sorry for the whales as they were exploited and hunted down without mercy.Later though , I felt sorry for the crew as well , some of them were only teenagers . It is hard to imagine human beings having to suffer as they did . The incredible turn of events kept me riveted because there was one horrendous ordeal after another.The telling of the story is graphic and raw . It leaves nothing to the imagination . It is also a story I will never forget .
 Cannibalism ! Starving seamen ! A WHALE ATTACKING A SHIP AND WINNING . It is the story that Herman Melville patterned Moby Dick on , according to Philbrick , and it is a story that is so sensational and amazing that it is difficult not to become engrossed in it . Along the way , Philbrick also gives us a brief history of whaling and the island of Nantucket , but his writing style is so engaging that even this potentially dry bit of history becomes an entertaining lesson . He also addresses , briefly , the role that racism may have contributed to the survival of the seamen , leadership problems that played a part in creating the tragedy , and the question of what happened to the survivors afterwards.I strongly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys adventure and survival stories , or has a special interest in New England or maritime history .
 I just finished this last night ... wow ! The narration is lively and keeps the pace of the story while the author imparts a great deal of information that could have been dull but is not . The prose is so vivid that I could not eat while reading the passages about dismembering the whale ; I could almost smell the burning oil and feel the slick decks . Amazing that men made a living this way ! I can hardly wait to start Philbrick 's MAYFLOWER .
 Philbrick accomplished something here for which I am grateful ; he wrote a masterful account of this tragedy , and found the balance between providing a sufficient amount of historical and scientific detail to fill out the story , without suffocating us in mind-numbing details about , say , the psychology of dehydrated castaways or the mating habits of birds on remote South Pacific islands . Clearly Philbrick did his research , he just does n't kill us with it - as is often the case with books in this classification of `` adventure '' or `` survival . '' A mercifully easy-to-read but informative and artistic presentation of this horrible tragedy . Beyond the survival story , this is rich in information on whaling , the whaling business , the whale oil economy , the rise and fall of Nantucket , and the high-seas culture . Highly recommended .
 I 'm an English teacher and I just finished dragging my students kicking and screaming through Moby Dick during the past 5 weeks . Just as we were finishing , an old friend sent me this book as a gift -LRB- yes , from Amazon -RRB- ; it was a weird coincidence , because he did n't know I 'd been doing Moby Dick . Anyway , he claimed it was one of the best books he 'd read in quite awhile , and that once you got into it , you could n't put it down . I was a bit skeptical at first , but he was very right . Actually , reading Moby Dick so recently probably made In the Heart of the Sea even MORE enjoyable for me , because there are all kinds of little things in there that helps one to understand some of the terminology and happenings in Melville 's classic . It is a fascinating -LRB- and I mean that literally -- it is truly fascinating -RRB- yet horrifying book , and I do n't see how anyone could say anything negative about it . Surprised Hollywood has n't gotten ahold of it for a screenplay ... This one wo n't let you down .
 I bought this whilst on vacation in USA from my native Scotland . I knew nothing of whaling and Nantucket island before reading the book . This soon changed.Philbrick certainly seems to have done his homework ; everything from the strange lexicon the Nantucketers used -LRB- many words similar to the Scots vernacular , oddly -RRB- to the type of food that was consumed in the early 19th century.I read and read , almost willing Pollard , Chase , Nickerson , Barzillai Ray , Owen Coffin and Obed Hendricks to make it back to dry land and safety . Some did , some did n't . I wo n't spoil it for you.An altogether excellent read , though .
 A friend loaned me the book and RAVED . I took it along on a car trip to Vegas ... not really expecting much -LRB- i 'm not really into books about the ocean and fishing -RRB- . I read it aloud to my hubby on the way back . he was soooo into the book that he pulled over after the sun started to set to buy a flashlight so i could continue.The book was extremely descriptive . I must say that I had been bordering on the edge of becoming a vegetarian for some time . This pushed ... no SHOVED me over the edge.The book has raised so many interesting questions ... my husband and I have marveled at the adversity these men faced ... I can honestly say this book has changed my life.I have n't eaten meat in months.AWESOME BOOK !!!!
 This is one of the most exciting books I have ever read . I have liked stories about the sea and sailors since I was a little girl . So , when I happened to see an article in the Mobile Press Register about Nathaniel Philbrick and the book `` In The Heart Of The Sea , The Tragedy Of The Whaleship Essex '' , I had to head to the nearest bookstore . As soon as I started reading it , I knew it would be one that would be hard to put down . I was right , I read it and read it the second time . Philbrick 's writing is excellent . He has a way of making your imagination wander and before you know it , you are feeling as part of the crew . It is sad that the crew had to suffer the cruelty of the sea . It definitely had no mercy on these men . I encourage anyone that likes a true , exciting story to read this book and if possible to listen to the audio tape . They are both great . I now have intentions of vacationing in Nantucket next year . I want to visit the town that once was home to these men that I have grown so close to in this book . As I said before , I encourage you to read this book , it is awesome !
 It will be short review because there have been 160 good reviews created before.I do not have enough positive words to describe how fantastic this book is and I do not want to repeat what has been entered below about the Essex and his crew.So why do I attempt to write something here anyway?I came to conclusion , that by expressing myself in such a place like Amazon , I will show respect and admiration to Nathaniel Philbrick , his great research and writing.If you happen to come across this book anywhere during your lifetime , make sure not to walk away without it . I promise you will not regret .
 I 'm a big fan of Moby Dick , so I was predisposed to like this book by virtue of a strong interest in the subject matter . I do n't know how someone with no interest in whaling or survival at sea stories would like this , but for me , it was a winner.This is a plain , straightforward , and comprehensive account of the disaster of the Nantucket whaleship Essex , sunk by a massive sperm whale in the Pacific ocean in 1820 . Philbrick skillfully augments the basic story with the history of the Nantucket whaling business , the society of Nantucket , and various other ancillary topics . As the story progresses to the survivors ' ordeal in open boats , Philbrick brings in such topics as survival psychology and research on starvation . Fortunately , Philbrick includes the necessary maps one needs to fully appreciate the journey , as well as interesting photographs and drawings.If you have any interest at all in sea stories , or survival stories , or if you love Moby Dick , you will surely enjoy this engaging account of a truly amazing story .
 On August 12 , 1819 , the Nantucket whaler ESSEX , captained by George Pollard , weighed anchor for the Pacific hunting grounds . Of the 21 men aboard , only a handful would return.Nathaniel Philbrick 's IN THE HEART OF THE SEA exceeded my expectations . His historical narrative begins as a treatise on whaleships and the business of whaling . Indeed , killing and cutting apart a whale is so ungentle an art that Greenpeace activists are likely to punch the air and exclaim `` Yes ! '' when the Essex is rammed and sunk by a sperm whale on November 20 , 1820 far out in Watery Nowhere . The book then becomes a gritty survival story replete with an examination of the stages of dehydration and starvation , a brief history of cannibalism among disaster survivors , and commentary on the essence of successful command leadership under dire straits.As Philbrick is careful to point out early on , the ESSEX survivors sailed in open lifeboats 500 miles further than Captain Bligh of the HMS BOUNTY after being set adrift my mutineers , and three times further than Ernest Shackleton of the ice-crushed HMS ENDURANCE on his celebrated passage to South Georgia Island . IN THE HEART OF THE SEA is an amazing tale deftly recreated by the author from primary sources . I was loath to put it down even for such necessary activities as sleeping and going to work.After a story such as this , one gains a new respect for those that went down to the sea in wooden , sailing ships . And , should someone invite me out for no more than an afternoon of simple whale watching just off the coast , I 'll be sure and pack my water wings .
 This is a great peice of work . Nathaniel Philbrick uses a wonderful , empathetic style when telling this tragic story . If you like history , adventure , and sailing you may want to read this one twice .
 There have been many great stories of survival and tragedy on the seas , and this book is one of the best of them . At one time the story of the Whaleship Essex was well known in America , but gradually that story faded into memory . Nathaniel Philbrick brings that memory back to life again with his very well written book . The main events in this book took place in the time period of 1819-1821 . The Essex was based on Nantucket Island , and in the first part of the book there is a very interesting history of Nantucket and the Whaling Trade . Enough information is given so that we understand the world that the men of the Essex lived in , and the ordeal that lay before them . The Essex was believed to be a lucky ship , but that reputation of good luck would soon be overwhelmed at sea . After several months at sea , the Essex was attacked and rammed by an eighty-five foot whale . It is fascinating to read about the attack of the giant whale on the ship , and to realize that the attacking whale was the actual basis for the whale in `` Moby Dick '' . The Essex was severely damaged and in danger of sinking after the whale attack , and the crew faced the grim prospect of a desperate journey in open boats across the Pacific Ocean . The story of their battle for survival with little food or hope of rescue will grip your heart . Terrible choices of survival had to be made , and there are graphic accounts of starvation and cannibalism in the book . This is truly the story of a great tragedy at sea , but there is also the hope and endurance that can sometimes be found even in the darkest moments . There are moments of wonder with thoughts and descriptions of whales and the ever changing sea . I recommend this book to everyone that loves the history of the Sea , and the spirit of survival against all odds .
 All too often a book telling a story may also require that the equipment or the vessel used to be described . Much less frequent is the help of illustrations to let a reader who may know little to nothing about the construction -LRB- in this case -RRB- of a Whaling Vessel , understand the explanations and gain further enjoyment from the book . A further tribute to the Author is that the detail given of the ship The Essex and the implements of the Whaling Trade were of an appropriate length . Too long and the reader would have been lost in a maze of technical jargon , too little and understanding all that happened would not have been possible.For anyone desirous of going much deeper into the History of Nantucket , or of Whaling , there are 39 pages of notes written in prose form at the end of the book . They are organized by chapter , and they are further supplemented by a Bibliography.Mr . Philbrick clearly is a man qualified to relate this tale which records one of the more miserable tales of human suffering . It would have been easy and disappointing to let this story turn into a lurid 93 day telling of decisions and actions that no person should ever be forced to make . The Author maintained a scholarly approach , together with objectivity on some points of contention/speculation , of the events and how they may or may not actually have happened . He also offers insight into how these massive creatures communicate , and how that could have played a role in the collission.The Author also relates modern day medical study and facts about what physical and emotional torments the survivors endured . I thought this was a welcome addition to the understanding of just how horrible this experience was.This is the only book I have read on the History of the Essex . The book is readable even if your knowledge of ships , like mine , is near zero . And the story told without embellishment is both terrifying and amazing.A very enjoyable book .
 In 1819 the whaleship Essex was rammed and sunk by a very large sperm whale . The ship sank and the crew was forced to sail across thousands of miles of the Pacific ocean fighting thirst and starvation . This was the story that inspired Melville 's Moby Dick . It is absorbing , well researched , and reads like a good adventure novel , only it is true . It is elegant from start to finish and I say elegant because of its restraint . Philbrick had every chance to play this one for the bleacher seats , but did n't . We could have gotten a long saga of castaways dying of thirst and starvation with all of the drama of a potboiler . He could have given us a day by day description of the sea trek , but instead the trek is mercifully taken up in 90 pages . -LRB- Do n't fret , you will get the anxiety wobblies during this phase of the book . -RRB- Philbrick has fully researched the physiology of dying of starvation and thirst and spares us none of the details . To survive , the crew resorted to the drawing of lots , execution and cannibalism . We learn about the history , quite plentiful in fact , of survival cannibalism from the Raft of the Medusa to the Andean plane crash . It is not a book for the squeamish.It is also a book about Nantucket , whaling , men at sea , celestial navigation , maritime commerce , and more . Never are the facts crammed down us like so many notecards in the author 's collection , but are deliciously laid out in the context of the story . It is not a long book , but it does n't seem to short either . Like most good books , it made me want to learn more about the subject , in this case the fascinating history of whaling .
 After reading and re-reading Junger 's The Perfect Storm last summer , I wondered if it were only a fluke that a land-lover like myself could become so engrossed in a maritime yarn . After reading In the Heart of the Sea , it is clear that this was no fluke . With little to no experience with nautical life , I was quickly caught up in this drama at sea.Like Junger , Philbrick recounts a historical , nonfiction tale with the drama and tension exceeding much of today 's bestselling fiction . His attention to detail gives a documentary feel and paints a vivid portrait of the struggle of survival . Specifically , I was continually impressed with the way Philbrick wove the specific details of whale hunting and sailing with the driving narrative -- a narrative that will keep the pages turning quickly.In addition , Philbrick writes with a keen sense of imagery , pulling the reader into the story by appealing to all senses . As a result , the reader finds him/herself caught up in the drama and excitement of the hunt , filled with dread as the situation looks hopeless , aghast at the suffering , and finally , contemplative of the decisions made.There are no easy answers to the questions raised by this book . Instead , the drama offers a chance to consider and reconsider the drive of survival and the human spirit . Narratives of life and death situations are almost inherently gripping ; however , because of Philbrick 's skills as a writer , this book does more than entertain -- it provokes thought , raising issues that do not end with the final page .
 I would recommend without reservation this audio book abridgement of THE HEART OF THE SEA . Anyone who has an interest in suvival stories , or sea yarns would love this one . The tragedy of the Nantucket whaleship Essex was the inspiration for Herman Melville 's MOBY DICK . The Essex was destroyed by a whale who , to the awe of the crew , seemed to have malignant intent . The crew was set adrift in the Pacific in small whaleboats with few provisions and little water -- resulting in cannibalism and the drawing of lots ending in the death of one crew member.The portraits of the Essex captain and first mate are particularly well drawn and distinctive for an abridged version , as well as the effects of starvation and dehydration . Unlike MOBY DICK , this abridgement gives just enough information on the whaling industry to be interesting , and focuses on the human dimension of the story . The listener has to wonder whether he or she could behave as well as these men did under equally desperate circumstances.Edward Herrmann 's reading of the book was excellent with one persistent mispronunciation of the name `` Bowditch '' being the one jarring note . I guess no one associated with the production had ever been sailing !
 I thought this book was a fairly good account of the disaster that took place on the Essex . It was lacking in detail in a few places , but was adequately informative in others . This book was an easy and quick read , and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading about real-life adventures .
 `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a very good book . Like `` The Perfect Storm '' , to which it will obviously be compared to , the author balances the story with historic and scientific background information . The combination works very well , informing the reader with fascinating tidbits while leaving him or her gripped in the thralls of a great tale.This is the story of the whaleship Essex , out of Nantucket on a two year voyage to the Pacific in search of the early nineteenth century 's liquid gold , whale oil . The unthinkable happens . A usually docile sperm whale , although large enough to sink a wooden ship , does just that . Rammed twice by an 85 foot leviathan of the sea , the crew takes to three whale boats while its ship is crushed and rendered useless . The resulting ninety day journey is a story of hope , discipline , tragic mistakes , and ever present thirst and starvation which leads the men ever closer to having to execute the `` law of the sea '' in order to survive.Nathaniel Philbrick weaves first person accounts from survivors , a concise history of Nantucket and the work of catching and rendering whales as well as the physiology of the giant sea mammels and starvation into a first rate book . I read this over three days -- it moves very quickly . The author has a talent for fleshing out his common whalemen so that they are interesting and distinct characters without sacrificing authenticity and fact.If you liked `` The Perfect Storm '' or Jon Krakauer 's `` Into Thin Air , '' you 'll find `` In the Heart of the Sea '' very much in the same vein . A story of people under terrible physical and mental assault which the reader could not imagine enduring , coupled with a superbly explained telling of the issues at hand that is well set in its place and time.Highly recommended -- you may want to finish this one all at once .
 Nathaniel Philbrick has created a carefully researched and highly-detailed account of this great tragedy on the high sea for the modern day reader . Being one of the few persons I suppose who had never read or heard about the tragedy of the Essex and having not read Moby Dick either , I was captivated not by the style of writing here , but by the positively compelling events of this voyage which grew increasingly more horrific with each new chapter . It is without a doubt a gripping , nail-biting , page-turner of a book which always brings the reader back to the same gnawing question ... `` If I was in this situation , would have done the same things these men did ? '' The answer which each reader must supply to that question is what makes the book so effective .
 Having never read `` Moby Dick '' , I wondered if this book could hold my interest . Boy , was I wrong ! A masterful work of historical narrative that ranks right up there with `` A Perfect Storm '' and `` Into Thin Air '' , I was spellbound by the story of The Essex and the plight of her crew ... highly recommended regardless of your nautical prowess !
 Wonderful book , really entertaining and edifying . I did n't know much about sailing or whaling but found the book very informative and accessible . Truth IS stranger than fiction . Philbrick did n't need to spin yarns around this story . He beautifully stuck to the accountable facts and put it in a very enjoyable format , well researched . Highly recommended . My only negative is that I felt that I wanted more depth and information at the end -- more about the impact of whaling , more about whales and especially more about the emotional lives of the men who hunted them . Oddly , that 's what makes this story fascinating -- the `` why '' behind everyone 's behavior !
 A mind-blowing Poe-ish experience of adventure and woe . Philbrick is to be commended on his genius of researching and recreating the sad but true tale of the battered , sunken 1820 whaleship Essex and its shipmates.After being rammed by an eighty-five foot monster sperm whale , twenty men leap into three whale boats and aimlessly wander around the Pacific for ninety days . Except for a brief visit at an uninhabited island , the men subsist on next to nothing until some of them start to perish from lack of food , water , exertion and nature . Only eight survive the ordeal -LRB- three of those being rescued months later at the aforementioned island -RRB- . The accounts of these men clinging to life are beyond the scope of human imagination.The basis for Melville 's classic Moby Dick .
 I could not put this book down ! For those who enjoyed the story of the Essex , I also recommend Ordeal by Hunger
 This was a great book to read . I had a hard time putting this book down . The men of the Essex went through pure hell to survive and should have their story told . Mr Philbrick presented their tale very well . By the end of the book , I could really feel for the tribulation that these men endured . On my next trip to Nantucket , I 'll be sure to vist the sites on the island Mr. Philbrick mentioned in his book . I highly recomend this book to all .
 Philbrick does a wonderful job of pulling you back in time to Nantucket Island in the 1800s . With his vivid descriptions not only can you envision the island , but you 're also given a feel of how important the fishing and whaling industry was at this time , `` Nantucket was a town of roof dwellers . Nearly every house , its shingles painted red or left to weather into gray , had a roof-mounted platform known as a walk . While its intended use was to facilitate putting out chimney fires with buckets of sand , the walk was also an excellent place to look out to see with a spyglass , to search for the sails of returning ships . '' Details are one of this author 's extreme strengths . You gain a vast amount of knowledge on topics such as the roles men and women played within the Nantucket culture in history , what happens to the human body physiologically when it wastes away from starvation and dehydration , and of course ; the dangerous world of whaling in history , how and why it occurred .
 I stumbled over this book in probably the perfect setting - the New Bedford Whaling Museum - & as my title indicates , I literally could n't put it down . Instead I retired to a quiet corner of the museum shop and , well , a couple of hours later I came to with the bulk of the book read . Not that this is n't a well-researched book with good background material , but i found both the drama of the story & Philbrick 's prose quite compelling & this for someone who frankly does n't like whaling stories ! This is an exciting window into a strange and terrible period in our relationship with the sea , and also an amazing glimpse at the lives of soem extraordinary men placed in impossible conditions . Philbrick gives us the sense of both their strengths and weaknesses without excessive pseudo-psychoanalysis , and we are left frankly in a state of wonder - wonder at how the survivors not only made it through their epic voyage , but also the rest of their lives , and also wonder at how we would have fared under similar circumstances .
 `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a brilliant historical reconstruction of one of the greatest maritime disasters of the Nineteenth Century . In 1820 the Nantucket , whaling ship , Essex , was rammed by an eighty-five foot sperm whale and sunk in a remote part of the South Pacific . The original crew of twenty endured more than ninety days or thirst , starvation , storms , and cannibalism in open lifeboats until finally only eight of them were rescued . Although maritime disasters were fairly common in the Nineteenth Century , the ordeal of the Essex was particularly striking because no ship had ever been attacked by a whale before . In fact , the sinking of the Essex probably provided Herman Melville with much of his inspiration for writing `` Moby Dick '' . Drawing on existing accounts of the disaster and supplementing them with numerous sources and contextual studies , Nathaniel Philbrick has done a wonderful job of reconstructing life aboard the Essex and in its home port of Nantucket . For example , Philbrick supplements the limited information about the crew 's first successful whale hunt with descriptions of how whalers chased and slew their pray , the amount of time it took , the skills and the danger involved , the effort required to drag the whale back to the ship and finally how the whale was cut and processed aboard the ship . Philbrick 's detail , which is all drawn from primary sources , makes us feel that we are right there in the small whaleboats being dragged through the ocean by a newly harpooned sperm whale , or aboard the ship itself with the whale 's blood and oil all over the deck and the stench of boiling whale blubber permeating the air.Philbrick also draws upon modern scientific studies to explain what the crew did incorrectly and what they endured during their survival in the lifeboats . For example , once the crew had regrouped after the sinking , a decision had to be made about which direction they should sail to in search of land . Although Captain Pollard had what turned out to be the correct instinct about where to proceed , he deferred to the combined judgment of his junior officers . Philbrick informs us that according to modern crisis management theory , a leader must be decisive at the onset of a crisis and should be increasingly democratic as the situation develops . When evaluated by standards that did not exist in his lifetime , it turns out that Captain Pollard chose the least suitable leadership style for the crisis at hand . Philbrick also draws upon modern scientific studies of the affects of starvation when describing the ordeal of hunger that faced the crew . From this he is able to gauge their physical and psychological state as their ordeal progressed.One of the most enjoyable aspects of this book is the way Philbrick explains and contextualizes the thoughts and values of Nineteenth Century whaling communities such as Nantucket . Philbrick explains the Quaker ethos that pervaded the whaling business , the code of ruggedness and bravery that dominated not only the whalers , but also their wives and children . This information is invaluable in helping us to understand what went through the mind of the entire crew from Captain to cabin boy at every stage of their journey and upon the subsequent return of the survivors . In fact , Philbrick is so good at bringing the rugged , industrial , and entrepreneurial Nantucket of the Nineteenth Century back to life that it is odd to compare it to the sleepy tourist destination that it has become today.While it is clear that Philbrick loves his subject matter his narrative is commendably objective and avoids glorifying the people involved . In fact , Philbrick repeatedly makes note of the fact that the first of the Essex crew to perish were African American and he raises the possibility that the Nantucketers may have starved or killed them first in order to prolong their own survival . `` In the Heart of the Sea '' is a splendid read for lovers of history or true-life adventure narrative such as `` Into Thin Air '' . In addition to being interesting and well researched , Philbrick 's book is superbly written and will be difficult to put down .
 The sinking of the Essex by a whale is probably most famous as the inspiration for Herman Melville 's Moby Dick but in In the Heart of the Sea -LRB- The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex -RRB- by Nathaniel Philbrick , the reader will be engaged in an adventure more exciting than most works of fiction . The author skillfully combines elements from the accounts of two survivors to locate the truth of the tale . In addition , one will become immeresed in the history of Nantucket , the whaling industry -LRB- including graphic accounts of the hunt not for the faint hearted -RRB- , and other elements of this particular place and time in history . An exciting read and a fine speciman of that popular creature , the true survival story . Highly recommended .
 I could not put this book down . Fascinating depiction of human beings struggle for survival . If you enjoyed Into Thin Air you will also enjoy this one .
 I agree with the 5 star reviews . This is an excellent work of popular non-fiction recounting the story of the sinking of the Whaleship Essex and the horrors that befell the survivors of that sinking.Most of the -LRB- mildly -RRB- critical reviews seem to be concerned either with the fact that the book does not bring any new -LRB- factual -RRB- information to the subject or that the book has perhaps been over hyped and will really only appeal to existing fans of `` popular '' non-fiction adventure \ survival stories.Of the first criticism I would challenge anyone to suggest a better , more engaging , `` introduction '' to the subject and of the second I would say , yes , if the subject of this book holds no interest for you then the book itself will probably struggle to hold your interest . But then the fact that I am unlikely to find a best selling romance novel a riveting read is hardly a fair indictment of the romance novel is it?So , with the proviso that you have at least an inkling of interest in the subject matter , I think this is an excellent account of an incredible story .
 This book is an historical account of the whaleship Essex which was the inspiration for Herman Melville 's novel Moby Dick . The Essex left its home port in Massachusetts and about six months later was attacked by an angry sperm whale in the South Pacific and sank . Because of tales of cannabalism among the island natives , the surviving 20 crew members decided that their best shot at survival was to join their three life boats together in an attempt at a daunting 3,000 + _ mile trip to the coast of South America . The ensuing trip results in a harrowing account which involves fighting the realities of the open sea , starvation , unbearable thirst , and cannabalizing the remains of their deceased shipmates . In the end , only 8 men survive of the original 20 . Author Philbrick recreates their story by piecing together information concerning the whaling industry of the time , accounts of attacks by whales as well as information concerning the beasts of the sea , and accounts handed down by the survivors . I thought this was a fascinating story that was very well done and enjoyed it thoroughly .
 Ballooning Book Takes Readers up , up and away!Maybe it was the photograph of the cow jumping over the moon ; or several balloons cheek-by-jowl , jockeying for position during competition.Somewhere in George Denniston 's `` The Joy of Ballooning '' -LRB- Courage Books -RRB- it became clear that thrills , cameraderie , humor , creativity and competition are all part of the ballooning experience.Imagine floating over the Snohomish Valley , or trying to be the first to float three miles to snag the keys of a pickup that are attached to a 30-foot-high pole , or taking your wedding vows in a sky-high ceremony.Denniston offers an overview of ballooning , from history and physics to extreme ballooning , special shapes and festivals.Sharon Wootton
 With a cover this beautiful , and a writer this experienced , it would be hard to miss . George Denniston has been flying and writing about balloons for years , and brings all his experience and knowledge to this work . The text follows a predictable pattern , including ancient and recent history , technical aspects , festivals , shapes , instruction and so forth . Denniston , however , brings a new and different twist to each chapter , making sure the text includes tidbits of information not often seen in books of this type . The graphic layout , including the typography , is nothing short of magnificent . Corinda Cook deserves heaps of awards for her efforts . The photography comes from some of the best in the field - Ron Behrmann , Trish Behrmann , Kathleen Andersen , Ben Blass , and others . Their work has appeared frequently on the pages of this publication , as well as ballooning and non-ballooning texts the world over ... Ruth Ludwig , Editor , Ballooning
 The photos in this book are worth the price alone . The centerfold of a bunch of balloons in flight is just breathtaking . I 'm actually going to use it to paint a mural in my house ! If you have a balloonist in your life , or are just very interested yourself , this book is a must-have . I bought it for a child who just loves to sit and look at all the pictures and now , at the age of 3 , loves to know all about how they work , etc. . It 's very educational and interesting to read and very well written too , I might add.Be sure to grab this book - it 's just beautiful and very , very interesting and informative . Besides , your kids will love it !
 If you like balloons -- whether as spectator , crew , or pilot -- this is a must-have book . It combines stunning photographs of balloons with well-written chapters containing loads of information presented in a fun and interesting style . Would make a great gift -- especially if combined with a hot air balloon ride !
 This book makes a great gift because it is really appreciated , and is priced right . When I first saw it , I thought it looked like a $ 35 coffee table book . If you have a friend who has any interest in balloons , they should appreciate this book because it gives them lots of insight into this unusual activity .
 George Denniston 's The Joy of Ballooning furnishes pictures of hot air balloons in their colorful glory - and in a surprising array of funky shapes , including rocket ships , a sailing ship , and even a bagpiper . The book also includes brief sketches of the history and physics of ballooning , and tips on flying one of the things .
 David has a baby left on his doorstep and when he goes to the local department store to buy baby supplies , he meets shy-moussy Marissa who is dressed in a story book costume . David needs a nanny and thinks Marissa would be perfect , he offers her a lot of money and she takes the position . Soon David sees the sexy woman under the shy exterior and before long sparks are flying . Of course , his reputation as a womanizer does n't help his suit . This is one of my favorites in the Texas Cattleman 's series .
 This book was the first in the series and it has gotten me hooked . I am going to read all five books and will enjoy everyone .
 Another installment in the Texas Cattleman 's Club series - Silhouette Desire # 1547 -LRB- November 2003 -RRB- - `` Entangled With A Texan '' by Sara Orwig . Book summary from back cover : Tied up in knots ! How on earth had Texas Cattleman 's Club member David Sorrenson been roped into protecting a tiny baby girl ? The ex-military man knew everything about security and danger , not infants ! Marissa Wilder was the perfect solution . This down-to-earth family gal knew all about children , and agreed to be a live-in nanny at his ranch . David yearned to show Marissa a steamy night or two , even though his high-risk lifestyle had taught him to avoid long-term attachments and his sexy houseguest deserved someone permanent . Living with Marissa was tangling up his emotions something awful , and if he did n't know better he 'd swear he was falling for her ...
 Paul Hoover 's career as a linguistically innovative , philosophically challenging , and bold poet is well represented in TOTEM AND SHADOW , where the reader is treated to samples of his books since 1979 including excerpts from his long poem , THE NOVEL , and his startling collection , VIRIDIAN . The new poems that comprise the first section of the book provide the reader with a deeply satisfying glimpse of his recent work that attains new heights of innovation not for its own sake but in pursuit of complexity and connection . These new poems have retained all that Hoover 's poetry had before achieved -- intellectual depth , language dexterity , range , humor , and a strangely satisfying candor . Add to these an unfailing eye for the unusual , an astute ear , and a thoughful rigor that allows the unseen to appear before our eyes as if it were there all along . Paul Hoover 's work is necessary and clarifying
 The poems in Totem and Shadow , especially the newest work by Hoover , are so strong that style seems to drop away , as complex truths are given to the reader . This is a poetry of great intensity and brilliance .
 Paul Hoover is an experienced and successful poet having published six earlier books of award winning poetry . Totem And Shadow
 what we have here is the new and selected collection from the editor of norton 's postmodern anthology -LRB- and that should tell you something about the poems inside -RRB- . It 's a good collection , though his new poems i found to be much weaker than his older work . There is an excerpt from his long poem `` Novel '' , which i feel is a must read . The poem 's taken from his collection _ Viridian _ were wonderful , i have n't read viridian , but i 'm sure it is an awesome collection of poems .
 This book is a must have . The author is a professional craftsman who builds veneered furniture on commission . Published in 2000 , half of this book covers all phases of veneering topics from how veneer is cut , methods of matching veneers , tools , glues and bonding techniques , substrates , cutting , finishing , building a veneer press , steam press , vaccuum press plus a few other subjects . Tried and true PLUS modern techniques and equipment of veneering are covered . Please note marquetry is not discussed.The second half of the book walks you through 5 projects step by step to build projects from scratch . The author made a point to select a wide range of projects that brought their own set of challenges and the building and veneering techniques used to over come them . The author admits that he selected projects an emphasis on building and veneering curved pieces as if you can master that , you will have no problem with flat surfaces.What I like most about the book are tips and tricks the author has learned from his building experience and home made tools and equipment he 's made . The book is also profusely filled with colored photos -LRB- no b & w here -RRB- and is written as though you were working as an apprentice in his workshop . The book and print are large and makes easy and entertaining reading.The book is highly recommended to novices and seasoned wood crafters alike and is a great value in price and for the information it provides . You wo n't be disappointed .
 What an informative , well-presented , clearly explained , must-have book ! The practical details and concise , complete explanations take the mystery out of veneering . The five projects Mr. Burton walks the reader through answer questions I did n't realize I 'd have until in the middle of a project.I thoroughly enjoyed his practical wit , the use of many low-tech -LRB- low-cost , too -RRB- techniques , and the in-depth way the pictures supplemented the text.I 'll buy any woodworking book this man writes . He knows what he 's talking about !
 I Have read a lot of how to books , but this book takes things to the next level , clearly defined and understandable text . Recommended for anyone wanting to know all there is to know about the subject .
 This is the one veneering book that will teach you what you need to know about veneers and veneering . Patching , flattening , glueing and types of glues , veneers and types of veneers , and a ton of other information , and tips and tricks . It is a very easy read , and very enjoyable as Mike Burton has a good sense of humor , and enjoys what he does . I look forward to other Mike Burton books .
 This is the finest book on veneering I have ever purchased -LRB- I have 3 others -RRB- . Veneering is like many other skills in that it takes a certain amount of vocabulary and familiarity with techniques before it all starts to make sense . The way the author organizes the material makes it easy for the beginner to come to grips with the tools and techniques of veneering.Perhaps more important is the additude Burton takes to writing this book . You never know when he will sneak in something funny -- at times very funny -- in the middle of an explanation or a shop story . He has a disarming sense of humor , and is frank about balancing art with practicality as a professional craftsman.This book is a pleasure to read . And that makes a real difference in learning the subject . Like someone else said , I will buy any future woodworking books Michael Burton writes .
 I came to Amazon to find a copy of this book to share with a co-worker who restores antiques . I was stunned to find that one of my favorites in my extensive woodworking book collection was worth over double what I paid for it in 2001 , as it is now only available in the used markets . All other reviews have said it best already - horse sense knowledge - no major investment required to veneer , cheapskate behavior encouraged even !! - humor - wisdom - honesty and ultimately the value of knowledge gained - a rare find indeed . Please , Mr Burton , print some more - you deserve the monetary rewards of this project . I 've paid exorbitant prices for other rare woodwork related books . If you 're reading this and trying to decide to pay the price for this book , you probably wo n't be disappointed if you do - it 's that good . Again , I hope the author can arrange a way to print more and deservedly profit more from his honest sharing of his years of experience and invaluable time - it can enlighten and profit us all .
 Do n't spend $ 40 + on a used book . Sterling Publishing is printing an updated version of this book to be released June 2006 .
 Nice , relaxed writing style . Good information for anyone interested in learning about veneering from the ground up .
 I found this to be an exellent source of information on Veneering . I have been a woodworker for over 20 years but am just now getting into Veneering ...
 This book is okay . There really are n't that many new books on this subject , and it 's cheap , hence the 4 stars . It 's worth buying , though more for non-professionals . I was hoping to learn more than I was able to in this book . This book covers small veneering projects . If you build cabinets , entertainment centers or other large pieces , you 'll find better sources for info online.The section on vacuum pressing was a joke . I feel as if he was forced to include the subject by his editor and he made up the most ghetto vacuum press I 've ever seen -LRB- do n't waste your time or your tools following his instructions -RRB- . On that subject , do n't let some moron try to convince you there is something wrong with a vacuum press . It 's simply the only economical way for a small shop to properly adhere veneer , especially on large panels . If you hate excellent results , good tools and modern ways , then avoid the vacuum press.He also makes strong statements , then ignores them in his projects -LRB- I 'm thinking about facing MDF , specifically -RRB- . I turn to books like this to guide me with examples and I lose faith in the authority when they can not follow their own advice .
 it was more than the type of vineering I wanted but it is a good -- I was hopeing it was in to thicker inlaying , 1/8 to 1/4 inch . .
 Acho que vou gostar muito do livro , que ainda no chegou , pois tenho tido problemas ao colocar lminas de madeiras em m&oacute;veis e caixas.Espero que seja muito &uacute;til.SaudaesMaria Dolores
 This is a great starter book for veneer work . For making repairs or going beyond the reading is easy , direct and helpful .
 This is a really , really good book . The format is excellent -LRB- color photos , well organized -RRB- and he covers all of the important topics including flattening veneer , substrates , shop-made equipment and of course , cutting and fitting veneer.However , there is a big gap in his coverage
 Though overshadowed by his later work , Joseph Conrad 's Almayer 's Folly is one of the most impressive debut novels - excellent in itself and fascinating to fans and scholars in how it has in embryo so much of his later greatness . When we consider that he lacked literary training and did not learn English until his twenties , the accomplishment is near-unbelievable . All fans will of course want this , and its relative straight-forwardness makes it a good place for neophytes to start.Like most Conrad , the book can be thoroughly enjoyed on a very simple level as an adventure tale in an exotic locale . This story of nineteenth-century Borneo has much exciting drama
 This tale , set in the colonial-era East Indies , narrates the brief rise and slow descent of a man 's search for fortune and adventure . Quite simply , the treasure never appears and Almayer is left to ponder what could have been . His woes are intensified by the departure of his daughter , one of his few links to `` civilised Europe . '' Classic symbolism occurs late in the novel , as Almayer erases the footprints of his daughter the day of their parting . While `` Almayer 's Folly '' does n't reach the heights of Conrad 's longer -LRB- read
 Almayer 's Folly was Joseph Conrad 's first novel . I have nothing to compare it to , as I have not read his signature work , Heart of Darkness , nor any of his other lesser known stories and novels . I came into the possession of Almayer 's Folly by chance ; one of my friend 's mothers had taken the book from the DISCARD pile in the library and urged me to take it from her.I 'm glad that fate has brought me this book . It 's the story of Almayer -- a Dutchman who has been born and raised in Colonial Indonesia . He spends his life idolizing Europe and Western ideals , scorning his homeland . Yet he never once ventures to Europe . In fact , most of his interactions with Europeans often find him the butt of their jokes . He does n't fare much better with the Malay natives and Arab merchants -- while often treated as a superior by virtue of his race , they still regard him as a fool.Almayer has nothing but haughty contempt for the native Malay culture of Borneo . Even with his Malay wife and half-Malay daughter , he keeps a Imperialist 's distance from the culture which surrounds him . Feeling no true kinship with his European heritage , and scorning the one with which he is most familiar , he 's a case study in the pathologies which arise from Colonialism.Essentially , Almayer is a semi-sympathetic buffoon . His life is full of grandiose wishes and little reward . He yearns for great treasure , yet is no warrior and a mediocre businessman . He lacks the cunning and courage of many other characters -- A Malay Rajah , a slave , an Arab trader , and a swashbuckling British compatriot , are just a few of the characters who outshine Almayer.Yet , its his weaknesses which make his placement as the central character one of the most endearing aspects of the book . Because he is such a fragile , inept person , we become more comfortable with the savageness , intelligence , and verve in the other principal characters.Almayer 's undramatic life serves as the backdrop for the love story between his daughter and a handsome Balinese Prince . Her choice to eschew a comfortable European upbringing and to align herself with the romantic , savage culture of her Malay mother is the emotional keystone in the novel.I was often astounded by Conrad 's rich evocation of the setting and characters in colonial Indonesia . I 'm not much for florid , lush descriptions , but Conrad sets himself above the heap of dilettantes and impostors
 `` Almayer 's Folly '' adequately introduces the theme of culture conflict , an angle that is expressed more fully in Conrad 's later works . I would certainly recommend this to anyone familiar with Conrad 's body of work , which is not to say that readers new to his work should avoid this novel .
 This excellent short novel is very representative for Joseph Conrad 's work . Its main theme of the foolish , dangerous and deadly dreams of colonialists was also treated in his short story ` An Outpost of Progress ' -LRB- in ` Tales of Unrest ' -RRB- and in his masterpiece ` Heart of Darkness ' . The main character in this story dreams of finding a mysterious treasure in order to be able to return to his homeland and live for the rest of his life in ` untold wealth ' . For the indigenous , he is not more than another ` white man that comes to us to trade , with prayers on his lips and loaded guns in his hands . ' He shows ` the same manifestations of love and hate and of sordid greed chasing the uncertain dollar in all its multifarious and vanishing shapes . ` He is bitterly confronted with ` the savage mood which civilization could never destroy ' . For Conrad , ` no two beings understand each other ' , so certainly not the ` savage ' and the ` white man ' . More , the ` uncompromising sincerity of Malay kinsmen ' stands in sharp contrast with ` the sleek hypocrisy of white people with their vivid but foolish dreams ' . This novel has not the same high standard as ` Heart of Darkness ' , but should not be missed .
 Loosely based on the life of a Dutch merchant , setting up a trading post along a river in the interior of Borneo , Conrad 's novel ` Almayer 's Folly ' is actually about man 's alienation from his environment and eventually himself.Written during the heyday of western imperialism , when the great powers of Europe subjected the tropics to their rule , the tale of Almayer explores how the tropics actually devoured the individual westerner.The main character of the book is a man obsessed . Chasing a dream , he completely loses touch with reality . Although on the surface it may seem that he is a white man gone native , Almayer has n't got a clue what he is dealing with . He is blind to the schemings of his Malay wife and equally oblivious to the fact that his daughter is drifting away from him.Admittedly , the book has ` orientalist ' overtones but , then , Joseph Conrad is both a man of his time and a master of poweful prose , not a politically-correct scholar . The stereotypical mystique of Asia and the inscrutable oriental are exploited as a literary means to descend into the deeper levels of man 's psyche . Just like the ` true heart ' of Borneo and its inhabitants is hidden under layer upon layer of deceiving images , so is the core of each and every individual . The scariest place to travel is not the interior of an Indonesian Island , but the inner reaches of our own soul.Almayer 's Folly is one of the best novels ever written . Not only because of the author 's masterful portrayals of character , but also due his astounding command of English . It is hard to believe that Conrad 's first and second language were Polish and French
 This was Conrad 's first novel , and I think it 's an underappreciated jewel . It 's written with a typical Victorian plotline , and one part of it has a romantic couple seeking their own happy ending , but do n't be mistaken - it 's real Conrad , so there 's the glorious Conradian gloom , fear and descent into madness , too . It 's a tale about a Dutchman in a business-gone-bad stranded in the Indonesian boondocks with his witch-like Malay wife who wishes him all the ill in the world . His only hope in life anymore is for his beautiful daughter and he dreams constantly of getting her educated and married off back in Amsterdam so he can wash his hands of his island nightmare and go back to normal life in Europe . But she grows up , grows distant to him , and he 's clueless about the reality that she 's adopted the local style and wants to be there . A handsome Balinese prince seeks her hand and the plot cranks into motion , spinning to a thrilling climax . It 's an interesting study of problems of interracial , intercultural interaction , as valid today as it was in the late 19th century . The visual picture it paints of the old Dutch East Indies - the rivers , the tangled jungle flowers and the wildlife is another of its finest points .
 I was surprised to find out this was Conrad 's first book . I expected an awkwardness of a writer refining his skill , but what I found was a captivating , accessible and satisfying story . It has suspense and romance as well as the tragedy that Conrad is known for . I think the young characters and themes make this book far more accessible to a young person than the standard required Conrad novel -- Heart of Darkness . Almayer 's Folly is an excellent introduction to Conrad 's work .
 Almayer 's folly is a powerful beginning to Conrad 's second profession , writing . Since the story was written so close to Conrad 's adventurous youth -LRB- the spring for his most powerful works -RRB- , it provides the rawest expression of Conrad 's views . Almayer , the prototype of Tuan Jim , takes the `` leap '' when he marries the Malay captive for promised wealth . This transgression drops his character into contact with the cold truths of nature ; truths which dispel any artificial illusions or meanings . For Almayer , these illusions entailed sucess and fame in Europe , a place that he had never visited but only heard about from his mother . Superficially , this journey towards inner truth involves a journey into the wilds of Borneo , but , like in future Conrad works , we quickly realize that the journey is inward into the pysche of Almayer . Overall , an excellent introduction to Conrad .
 Almayer 's tragedy is that he has become mired in an enterprise which has not paid off . His supply station just does n't make him rich as he had hoped . In the meantime he has taken a wife , a Malay , and they have a daughter . So Almayer is mired in Malaysia in more ways than one . Almayer dreams of Europe but it is unlikely he will ever return . His fate is to rot in the tropics . Conrads tale of a hopeless colonial exploiter is interesting for its unsentimental , unidealized view of the whole colonial enterprise . It is seen as being a losing situation for both sides . Both cultures suffer . The most tragic figures are those whose heritage is divided between both cultures , exploiter and exploited . -LRB- This is something this years Nobel Laureate 2001 V.S. Naipaul , who is often compared to Conrad , writes about . -RRB- Conrads book has an appealing exotic side to it as well though . The descriptive writing of the winding rivers and foliage and the entire tropical setting is tempting as it attracts interesting types and seems to offer a life of indolence and easy riches and forbidden pleasures but of course there is a backlash . The plot itself is a winding river with many turns . Not a perfect book but an interesting book to read after having read many of Conrads later books . Conrad in his autobiographical A Personal Record describes his meeting with the character who inspired the fictive Almayer as being the beginning of his writing career . The whole colonial enterprise seemed to be embodied in the attitude and fate of that one isolated figure for him . I guess for that reason we can thank Almayer for existing .
 I refer to the Wordsworth Classics printing that contains the short stories ` Tales of Unrest ' . ` Almayer 's Folly ' is an engaging novel that kept my interest despite being read in a haphazard way during travel . My favourite quote from the novel is
 Though overshadowed by his later work , Joseph Conrad 's Almayer 's Folly is one of the most impressive debut novels - excellent in itself and fascinating to fans and scholars in how it has in embryo so much of his later greatness . When we consider that he lacked literary training and did not learn English until his twenties , the accomplishment is near-unbelievable . All fans will of course want this , and its relative straight-forwardness makes it a good place for neophytes to start.Like most Conrad , the book can be thoroughly enjoyed on a very simple level as an adventure tale in an exotic locale . This story of nineteenth-century Borneo has much exciting drama
 This was Conrad 's first novel , first published in 1895 . It is the start of a series of novels and stories set in South East Asia . He had first hand knowledge of the region due to his own work as a merchant sailor . He also knew a lot , obviously , from Alfred Russell Wallace 's travel account The Malay Archipelago.Main themes of the story are the greed of colonialism and the racism of colonial routine . The story
 Although not to be compared with his major works , this is nonetheless a most impressive first novel . Perhaps because he was already well into his thirties when he wrote and published it , the book contains all the major themes that one associates with Conrad . If one has not read any Conrad at all , I would recommend going to his great masterpieces first -LRB- VICTORY , NOSTROMO , THE SECRET AGENT , UNDER WESTERN EYES , HEART OF DARKNESS , THE NIGGER OF THE ` NARCISSUS ' , or LORD JIM -RRB- . But for anyone who enjoys the work of Joseph Conrad , this book can hardly fail to fascinate .
 As this is Conrad 's first novel , it is not fair to expect the sort of power that illuminates his later works . However , Almayer 's Folly is a good , solid novel which shows the potential for Conrad 's later greatness . A love story at its heart , Almayer 's Folly also provides a last look at classical imperialism and the crossroads of multiple cultures . A short novel , I would heartily recommend it .
 Learn how to ask the right questions with this excellent book . Dave not only provides a simple approach to a complex subject , he focuses on the critical hazard recognition necessary to eliminate -LRB- by design -RRB- or control those hazards . His monthly Hazard Information Newsletter keeps the reader up-to-date with each hazard and its control , on a detailed basis as an extension of this book .
 Here we have a comprehensive , readable , well-organized , and occasionally iconoclastic study of organ registration . First published in 1957 by J. Fischer out of Glen Rock , New Jersey , it was later released by a larger publisher in the early 1970 's .409 pp , 1.5 pounds.With introduction , 3 indices , 17 tables and figures , 3 appendices , and a 9 page bibliography.TABLE OF CONTENTSScientific and Technical Information - Acoustics - The Organ as a Source of SoundTone Combination - Audibility - Optimum Degree of Blend - Production , Perception , Perpetuation , and PropagationApplication of Theory to Musical Interpretation - The Nature of the Material - Color and Mood - Design - Sequential DesignMedia of Performance - Historical Survey to 1750
 This autobiographical acount by Sterne of his amorous progress through France and Northern Italy is surely one of the most delightful books ever written . Composed as he lay dying of tuberculosis , the book nonetheless encaptures the author 's renowned zest for life as well as the libertine spirit of the age in which he lived . The journey down through France to Northern Italy is the perfect vehicle for an excursion into the nature of human sensibility , and from the moment that this cultured Anglo-Irish cleric sets foot in Calais , the reader is treated to a seies of exquisite encounters with the fairer sex . Rarely has an author transmitted so well his understanding of the psychological complexity of women , or the pleasure he takes in their company . Engaging , perceptive and witty , this is a book whiich can not fail to leave an imprint on the imagination .
 Sterne befuddles and delights readers and critics alike in A Sentimental Journey . He takes the fashionable travel log of the time and satarizes it . Contemporary critics had a fit over its supposedly bawdy nature , yet some modern readers may over look its sublte innuendo . The form of the novel is quite unlike anything that had preceeded it , thus is important for any scholars . Most importanly , however , the book is funny and fun to read .
 Even for modern readers , `` A Sentimental Journey '' -LRB- published 1768 -RRB- is as startlingly innovative as Sterne 's celebrated `` Tristram Shandy '' . Sterne 's ability to crystallize the minute details of experience - which may be down to a few seconds only - is reminiscent of Virginia Woolf 's `` To the Lighthouse '' . Indeed , Woolf admired this book.This is by no means an easy read . The 18th-century prose is difficult ; the book is larded with Frenchisms and Biblical or classical allusions ; the complex , slow narrative often requires re-reading . But the rewards are great ! It 's wise , deeply comical , and incredibly perceptive.There are several helpful reviews below dealing with the aspect of `` sentimentality '' , and so I will just single out two things which appealed to me :1 . STERNE AND BODY LANGUAGE . Sterne shows an almost 20th-century appreciation of body language . In fact , I believe he might have been the first to identify it as such . His chapter , `` The Translation '' , highlights the importance of being able to interpret subtle physical hints , like a language
 A Sentimental Journey is a fabulous book for so many reasons . Laurence Sterne was an immensely influential writer in the 18th century -- his major works , Sentimental Journey and Tristram Shandy , were responses to the travel narrative and newly born novel , respectively . His writing is essential to scholars of the 18th century -- he is referenced in Austen 's Mansfield Park and Northanger Abbey , Brown 's The Power of Sympathy , Foster 's The Coquette and Tyler 's The Contrast . To understand and appreciate his novel is to have a better appreciation and love of the works that built their structures on his foundation . And yet it is original , as Yorick says himself , `` both my travels and observations will be altogether of a different cast from any of my fore-runners . `` Yet it is not solely for historical benefit that one should read Sentimental Journey . The adventures and amours of Sterne 's semi-autobiographical Yorick are delightful . One of the most romantic passages I 've read in a book occurs when Yorick inadvertantly takes the hand of a woman and describes in detail the thrill of merely holding it . Granted , hers is not the only hand he will hold , but he writes so wonderfully , candidly and engagingly that it is extremely difficult to hold his passions against the sentimental Yorick . His scene with the starling locked in a cage is pertinent and a touching commentary on slavery . What a guy ! My only complaint is the editor of this edition does not feel it necessary to translate the French-of which there is plenty-making some passages difficult to understand at best . However , this is a sentimental journey that I will gladly take over and over .
 Like Sterne 's other works , _ A Sentimental Journey _ is extraordinarily playful . His works are the eighteenth century 's postmodernist works of play . They have lots of textual puzzles and tend toward the absurd . For example , the Mr. Yorick of the _ Journey _ is also a character in Sterne 's major novel _ Tristram Shandy _ and is also the name under which he publishes his own sermons -LRB- he was a clergyman -RRB- . The text is very `` fragmentary '' and the novel even jokes about that itself , labelling parts of itself `` fragment . '' In these ways , the _ Journey _ is fun and modern.But it is also indicative of an important eighteenth-century trend -- sensibility or sentimentalism . All eras have their debates about the relationshp between the individual and society and this is one eighteenth-century answer . This opinion has nothing to do with `` rights '' but everything to do with `` sympathy . '' Mr. Yorick , the `` sentimental traveller , '' relates to other human beings through sympathetic physical responses , most notably the `` pulses '' and `` beats '' of his heart and hands for various women.Therefore , this book is a good way to get into a very different historical mindset while at the same time seeing the roots of some of the literary forms of today .
 This book is a fun , light read.It 's the kind of book you 'd read while sunning out in the garden on a nice sunny summer day.I giggled quite a lot .
 Having been a nurse for 30 years , many of which were worked in OB , I finally found a book that addresses the issues of all type of births , from still births , to miscarriages , to hydadiform moles , and how the women and men coped with their losses . This is a poignent book , not a sad read . It is informative on how to deal with friends , family , and oneself . The chapter type stories make this excellent because you can read a person 's experience easily in a short amount of time , and when you come back , you begin with a new person 's ordeal . It 's like having coffee with someone as they tell you about themselves , very easy listening / reading . With today 's many ways of getting pregnant , and more chances of mishaps , this is timely reading for anyone . They do n't have to be of childbearing age , and the versatility of the experiences makes it so very interesting . A soft , gentle , joyous noise of things that used to be whispered about . The binding makes it great to hold too ! Connie Newell , RN/BS in Allied Health/Michigan
 Professor Cipolla , in his preface , sets out his goal to ; ` ... describe from a global point of view the development of mankind ... ' . He himself admits that this is quite a task , but luckily he sticks to his guns and we do get a good description.The book starts by describing the two revolutions that he feels changed our history the most , the agricultural revolution of around 10,000 years ago , and the more recent industrial revolution . He explains how these affected our development , and relates this to mankind 's increasing need for sources of power . This is where I feel the book really shines . Although he tends to quote a little heavily , his quotes are always relevant.He touches on the inequality of the distribution of global income and , true to his goal , he merely describes it.For a more in depth , and much longer , explanation of most of the themes covered in this book , with most of the ` whys ' explained , try Jared Diamond 's `` Guns , Germs and Steel '' . For an off the beaten path explanation of underdevelopment , which Cipolla touches on , try Andr&eacute; Gunder Frank 's `` On Capitalist Underdevelopment `` I enjoyed the book , reading it in one sitting . It definitely does what it set out to do . It does leave you asking why a lot , but then again his goal was n't to tackle the ` whys ' . Although the book was written in the early 1960 's , thanks to the timescale it covers it has aged well , and is worth adding to a bookshelf .
 This book opens with a description of the thin layer of the earth 's surface which man occupies . It aims to indicate how small and fragile the whole human enterprise is . Cipolla suggests that it is so miniscule that it is no wonder that other possible Civilizations can not observe us . He then goes on to talk about the billions of years of earth 's history and the small time Mankind has been part of this . Again he seems to want to underline the fragility and relative insignificance of our place in the Universe.He then puts our present Industrial and Scientific Civilization in the framework of Time Mankind has been said to exist , which he estimates as five hundred thousand years . He points out that the greatest part of that time human beings were involved in hunting for their subsistence , and that the Agricultural Revolution came with the Neolithic only ten - thousand years ago . He then traces out for the greater part of the book the history of Mankind in terms of its sources of energy , production and consumption , births and deaths -LRB- population -RRB- . He suggests that the accelerated population growth of the past century is creating unmanageable and undesirable pressure on resources . He too examines and deplores the great global inequality in distribution of resources . In his final chapter '' The Age of Transition '' he again refers to the three basic types of economic organization-hunting , agricultural , industrial as corresponding to the three ranges of demographic and economic organization society operates at . He says that now in our Age of Transition the Industrial form of organization is spreading throughout mankind , with correspondent abandonment of the land and crowding in great Cities.He says a new Age and style of life is emerging , and that this is subject for anguish and concern . He indicates family ties are on the wane , and a new form of technical training for the many will replace the philosophical education for the few . New tastes , values , ideals are part of the transition.Cipolla sees the Golden Age of Industrialization as 1850-1913 and suggests that we are now and will future generations will pay heavily in economic and social well - being for this process of Industrialization . He sees that there will be not only economic but also spiritual costs for it.He concludes by considering how in only ten - thousand years Mankind has moved from what he calls a state of savagery to a situation where he controls a good part of the world . He asks the question of whether our control over the Environment has led to correspondent increase in our quality as human beings . He laments that ` aggresiveness ' which he sees as key to our survival in the world of savagery is still such a formative power in our lives . He worries over our weapons of mass - destruction and where our aggressiveness may take us with them.He too wonders whether the increase in the quantity of human beings will not lead to a decrease in the quality of our lives . He again mentions that at the start of the Neolithic there were perhaps ten million people on earth but in 1950 that had become 2.5 billion . -LRB- I wonder how he would feel today when the number is 6.6 billion . Feb. 2008 -RRB- He concludes by saying that Control which leads to massive death and destruction is abominable . And he pleads for human tolerance and for the respect for ' the dignity and the worth and indeed the sanctity of human personality ' . A brief summary work surveying human history like this is bound to be read with many questions and objections . But it provides true material for thought.I wonder for one what Cipolla would make of the latest electronic - Internet Revolution , or of across the board if vastly skewed increase in the standard of living of mankind - that has taken place over the past fifty years .
 I have never read poetry this good , the author goes beyond the boundries of poetry entering a new world , when the gates of the book open , the reader enters into a fantasy land , the original pictures are amazing , the author expresses his love for his lady , with such clarity and beauty , love has never been expressed in such words , yet words are not enough to describe it ! whoever the luck lady in his life is , bravo author ! please write more , we need such gentle books in this harsh life !
 This book of prose is so overwhelming with tranquility ! One falls in love with every word the author writes . Even though the reader ca n't share in the love because it is not ours , if we read it directly from our hearts we can honestly feel the love in each letter . The art work is wonderful , and completely derives from the wonderful words of the author ! I loved this book and I would really like to see every peice of writing this authour has written !! THANKS , for the peace that this book can bring !!
 Like Rumi , Nader Angha captures the passion and essence of Sufism with beautiful poems and artwork . This is a must have in every poetry book collection .
 I have never read poetry this good , the author goes beyond the boundries of poetry entering a new world , when the gates of the book open , the reader enters into a fantasy land , the original pictures are amazing , the author expresses his love for his lady , with such clarity and beauty , love has never been expressed in such words , yet words are not enough to describe it ! whoever the luck lady in his life is , bravo author ! please write more , we need such gentle books in this harsh life !
 This beautiful little book contains a collection of inspirational poetry and art work . Accompanying each poem is an artwork which exemplifies an aspect of divine love . The poetry is quite nice and has a fluid melodious tone . Great gift book for Lovers of Sufism/Islam .
 I keep buying copies of this book to give at special gift times . The words are truly inspiring and the artwork lovely .
 I have n't red this book yet , but from my experience with MTO books , I can imagine , that this is another amazing piece of work . I have looked at the illustrations inside , which are beautiful . I look forward to reading it .
 Such words can not be thought of , the mind could never excavate such beauty out of anything . These words are Heavenly , Divine . Since they can not be described , read them and discover for yourself .
 Estudiosos del arte , periodistas culturales o sencillamente lectores y amantes de la belleza en cualquiera de sus formas , encontrar&aacute;n en este texto la informaci&oacute;n hist&oacute;rica y conceptual necesaria para comprender c&oacute;mo nuestra cultura manipula con y es manipulada por las diferentes formas de la belleza.La edici&oacute;n es impecable , papel esmaltado , full color y excelente calidad de impresi&oacute;n
 Como su t&iacute;tulo lo dice , el libro es una belleza . Excelentes ilustraciones . La revisi&oacute;n hist&oacute;rica de la belleza es de gran valor .
 Con un lenguaje riquisimo y muy profundo , Umberto Eco nos va llevando a la exploracion de la belleza en el arte desde los antiguos egipcios hasta la epoca moderna . Las ilustraciones a todo color en unas hojas de gran calidad nos permiten admirar las obras de maravillosos autores . Creo que es un libro que todos debemos tener . Recopila ademas los extractos de opiniones de grandes pensadores , desde el siglo II AC , hasta el siglo XXI . Muy disfrutable .
 A beloved treasure of early childhood , THE MOUSEWIFE has haunted me ever since I first read it . It is a deceptively simple tale of a house-bound mouse who befriends a caged dove . But the conversations between the two creatures and the juxtapositions of domestic tasks for the mouse with the longing for the wild of the dove takes on a touching comment on Romanticism . The idea for the story is to be found in Dorothy Wordsworth 's journals of Grasmere , which she kept for the pleasure of her brother , the poet William . She , William and Coleridge enjoyed a creative community of writing , but the contributions of Dorothy to this effort are only recently being recognized in feminist studies . Certainly this little story with its themes of domestic security and an awakened sense of the sublime of nature reflects the dilemma of women writers in Romanticism . While in Dorothy 's original story the dove dies , in this book the dove is released by the mousewife . I do believe it would be well worth it to publish this book again .
 I have had this story for years in my class teaching of religion . It is a joyful story of freedom for the mouse and the dove .
 `` A cage would never do for one made to fly ... '' , truer words have never been written ! What a fantastic story about unforeseen friendship and bittersweet affection . The story is about a house-bound mouse who unexpectedly meets a caged dove . The mousewife is bored with her everyday routine caring for her mousehusband and has an appetite that cheese could never satisfy . She meets a dove who was captured and trapped . The dove 's tales fill the mousewife with wonder and she is fascinated immediately . She learns about the world outside and aches for something more . Blue skies ! Tall trees ! Far horizons ! I adored this story which offers a new perception on freedom , longing and love . Children and adults of all ages will embrace this story which can be read on many different levels and deem it a true classic .
 Very good book . Quick read , good story and beautiful illustrations . Got this for myself to read , but am going to have my 9yr old read it as well .
 Well done and illustrated , these are features from the early days of the magazine . I can personally vouch for the pear bread pudding and the torta di riso -- a lot of work but like a lot of things , WELL worth the effort . I do n't know if I could do all of those things at once for one activity , especially the wedding at home . But in addition to all the recipes and chapters , it 's idea-inspiring . Which is what Martha is all about -LRB- that , and the stock market ! -RRB-
 The menus planned in the book are delicious . Each is catagorized under a different event or holiday , but I 've used them for not so special events too . There are also wonderful decorating and entertaining ideas for all seasons . The paella is wonderful !
 Thank you Steve . You have done it again . In the proudest tradition of getting to the bottom of why things go worng in life , Steve Chandler has come up with a handbook for the rest of us . I have appreciated the level of dedication that he has applied in allowing me to see how my own thought processes , and my own victim thinking have prevented me from solving the problem . Many thanks . I anxiously await your next book .
 This is a must for every couple and for everyone that has to deal with people , which is all of us ...
 This stuff works . Chandler writes and teaches from the heart . This information can be used to improve every area of your life in which you relate with others .
 This book is a must ! read ... Mr.Steve Chandler is a God send.It 's like having a conversation with your closet dearest friend ... I enjoyed every chapter ! and his insights on life and relationships with others and with self are profound yet simple to understand and put into effect right away in your life.I wonder if he was ever on Oprah ! ... if not he should be because soooo many more people need to hear/read his words/books ... also powerful reads ... his other books ... `` 100 ways to motivate yourself '' and `` reinventing Yourself '' ... But I tell you this ! book alone is worth getting and chapter `` 25 '' ... -LRB- climb your Ladder -RRB- ! ... is worth ! getting the book for alone ... Mr. Chandler if you ever see this review ... I 'd just like to say ... thankyou ... you have helped me see myself ! and my life ! in a way that has made me a better person for all I come in contact with ... again , thank you and God Bless you always.Thankful from , Brooklyn N.Y. -LRB- Smile -RRB-
 I read `` 50 ways '' and realized that I spent more time imagining and daydreaming how to best use Steven 's brilliance , than actually reading it!So when I finished reading it I went back to start over again but this time , with my trusty clipboard , several sheets of clean white paper and my favorite pen.I captured ideas that I could put to use that moment , and for years to come.It 's time to do something to strengthen your personal and business relationships whether it 's writing a love note to the love of your life , or writing persuasive ad copy that tugs at the heartstrings of your prospects ... there will always be a one-to-one connection you have to make . Steven will relax your mind and infuse your thoughts with his gems of knowledge that bursts with creative energy and inciteful answers.It belongs at work as much as it does at home . I personally recommend this amazing and truely necessary work . It 's a treasure you 'll hate to lend out , so buy an extra copy . Thank you Steven.Nelson J. Vega
 This is one great read ! This is the longer -LRB- read , `` bigger and better '' -RRB- version of the author 's audiobook `` 35 Ways to Create Great Relationships . '' And while it 's hard to believe that the book could be any better than the tape , this time bigger really IS better . Like the audio , this is no step-by-step list of specific actions to take to create or improve your relationships . Rather , this author suggests how you might want to adjust yourself-and nobody else -- and in so doing create your own attitude that will foster great , fun , happy relationships with others . And who would n't want that ? As we 've seen in his three previous books , Steve Chandler is hip , funny , understanding -- and right on the mark . He 's knocking on our door , calling us to pay attention to each other , to ourselves , urging us try it , we WILL like it . And have fun doing it.With observations running the gamut from `` intention deficit disorder '' to basketball coach Phil Jackson 's attitude toward coaching his championship players , Chandler has a great time gently , relentlessly , humorously reminding us that the success of our relationships -- how we deal with people -- is all about US . It 's in our hands . And we can change those relationships any time we want -LRB- it 's not that hard -RRB- if we 'll just pay attention to what the heck we 're doing!An excellent read , one that makes you feel good about yourself -- even while you 're becoming energized to improve !
 How to Stop Taking & Start Giving helps you gain a brand-new sense of ownership for all your relationships . Learn how great relationships offer unlimited opportunities for support & sharing.In Chapter # 1 we are invited to think back through our lives on what are the best gifts we ever received . What did they have in common ? The Element of Surprise < , right ? In your relationships this element of surprise works wonders . Try it & see!Steve Chandler offers us a light touch , a common thread of common sense ; takes us on a tour of how we live our relationships - both intimate & formal - & allows us to get an idea of who we really are ; how others see us & ultimately , how we affect our relationship to our own lives . The ripples are given names like
 I thought I was ordering the book and ended up with the CD 's instead . Good mistake , it gave me something to listen to during my hour commute to work each morning . It 's clear that we create the life & relationships we want . Coercing and manipulating people to do what you want them to do and be what you want them to be does n't work . It 's difficult enough trying to change the things that irritate me about myself , wonder why I ever thought it was a good idea to try to change other people ?
 Funny , smart , erudite , Steve Chandler affirms that our biggest and most powerful erogenous zone is our brain . Chandler deflates the myth that love just happens -- true love , whether of a friend or a spouse or a pet , is cultivated and created , over and over again . Great stuff .
 A couple years ago the author of this book -LRB- who did n't know me , nor I him -RRB- sent me a free copy . I have no idea why ... but I am thankful now that he did . It sat on my shelf for about two years . But I eventually picked it up with the desire to become more `` relationship oriented . `` The chapters are nice and short -- they can be ingested in about twenty minutes . That 's very convenient for me . He also does a fine job making profound relationship-truths simple to understand.This books has been a great help to me.Like a little seed that Steve planted in my life , it is now shooting up and bringing forth good fruit.Thanks for the book , Steve !
 First of all , I ca n't believe this book is out of print . Second of all , I 'm stunned that this author is n't a household name . I rarely write reviews , but I ca n't really say that any more b/c this is the second review I 've written for this author in as many weeks . I found the authors latest book , The Story of You -LRB- wonderful !!! -RRB- and a previous book of his , Reinventing Yourself -LRB- just as wonderful !!! -RRB- to be absolutely phenomenal stuff . Brand new ideas , at least I 've never heard anyone talk about these subjects in the way he does - and I read tons of these types of books . This stuff is absolute gold . I bought this book from a 3rd party as a used book and encourage you to do the same . The dust jacket is awful looking , I ditched that right away . It looked very 70 's and very cheesy , which is strange b/c this book was published in 2000 . Weird . Many people do judge books by their covers -LRB- even though we 're not supposed to -LRB- ha ha -RRB- , I have a background in graphic design and am a total snob about these things :-RRB- But I 'm not even halfway through this book and I 'm * loving * what I 'm reading and feeling compelled to write a reveiw . What a find ! Now I want to order a copy for a friend of mine so I 'll again order one from a third party on Amazon . It 's crazy that this book is out of print ! In case the author reads this review ; I would have ordered the audio cd 's as well , but they are abridged . My question is why ? This is n't a very long book , why not record every wonderful word ?
 Till you read Steves book the title is wrong . You assume it should be about you and your mate . The truth is it should be called the life handbook and given to every one before the get out of grade school . Only after you read it do you figure out that . The first great relationship has to be with yourself . Even though the book is an easy read I do n't want to pass my copy around . I want to buy a case of them and give it to all my family , friends , and coworkers . It should be reread every month .
 Everyone heard the song , `` 50 Ways To Leave Your Lover , '' but quitting is so easy in these days of Soap Opera Mirages . When you watch those programs you wonder why your life can not be what they image . You start to question the solidarity of your own relationship forgetting that TV is based on ratings not reality.You start to blame yourself , then your spouse or companion or friend . In the end , you quit , leave and move onto the wilderness of lonesomeness wondering what went wrong?Yet , the author recognizes the difficulties of overcoming detachment , building trust and maintaining emotional health by endorsing the ones we love . Whether it is family , friends or an intimate love one , listening to the authors thought provoking ideas , suggestions and aid will only enhance your view on relationships.It is so easy to fall in love but it is so hard to remain in love . Love changes everything , but this book shows you how to maintain your sense of humor while accepting changes that occur within you and others.No one can preserve the high you experienced while falling in love and just understanding this aspect of your relationship can be a revelation . At the same time , nothing can cure an amputated spirit except the intervention of taking the time of fostering , caring , and supporting a friend , companion or spouse.You would do so if you found an one eyed orphan kitty or starving abandon puppy . You would clean them , nourish them , and love them . And in return the nature within them would commit to being your best friend for life ! Why not with another human being in need?The author shows you how to begin such a relationship , maintain it and reap the unexpected rewards it brings to your own heart and psyche!Soon you will understand how to improve the situation you feel is missing some excitement and decipher the benefits of having someone who will champion you by supporting them.In any event , the author does what he does best , helping those find a few answers in a world filled with millions of questions . If your going to quit anything , quit looking for love on the TV or Motion Picture screen . Just read Steve Chandler 's motif on creating a great relationship.Few will regret the time to do so and you will be rewarded for such actions . As time goes by , your encounters with others will bloom by remembering his , `` 50 Ways To Create Great Relationships . '' By helping others you will find contented satisfaction within yourself .
 Till you read Steves book the title is wrong . You assume it should be about you and your mate . The truth is it should be called the life handbook and given to every one before the get out of grade school . Only after you read it do you figure out that . The first great relationship has to be with yourself . Even though the book is an easy read I do n't want to pass my copy around . I want to buy a case of them and give it to all my family , friends , and coworkers . It should be reread every month .
 Having worked for several years as a teacher on the Navajo Reservation , RAINY 'S POWWOW brings to mind the wonderful children with whom I 've worked and their beautiful cultural heritage . This book is a loving tribute to a people the author obviously respects . It is written with honesty and authenticity to show the color , pagentry and formality of the proud Native American tradition of Powwow . The underlying themes of honor and giving celebrate values we all hope to instill in children from any cultural background . I look forward to using this beautiful story as a teaching tool in my classroom for years to come .
 I appreciate the favorable comments made by all of the reviewers . For the record , however , in response to Peter George
 When I read `` Miss Ravenel '' several years ago , I did not fully appreciate it -- now that I 'm very much into The War , I have a new outlook . Yes , it 's dated , and to modern readers , the dialogue at times is corny and silly -LRB- as is DeForest 's hesitancy to be more explicit about certain sexual matters -RRB- . To me , though , that 's part of the charm , along with its Victorian sentimentality . It 's too bad it was not appreciated when it was published in 1867 . Anyone interested in The War needs to read this -- and keep in mind the fact that I 'm a blue-blooded Southern boy .
 Miss Ravenel 's Conversion from Secession to Loyalty may have a cumbersome title , but it is an enjoyable read . It tells the story of Lillie Ravenel who with her father are exiled from Louisiana at the beginning of the Civil War . Lillie is an ardent Confederate , but her father 's loyalist sympathies force them to take refuge in New England . In the fictional city of New Boston , they meet two men who both fall in love with Lillie . These men fight for Lillie at the same time as fighting for the Union . It is through these relationships and through her experiences on returning to occupied Louisiana that Lillie 's gradual conversion occurs.John De Forest 's novel is part romance and part war story . These strands of the story are interweaved well and are fascinating for the insight they give into life in the 1860s . The romance is at times quite conventional with Lillie constantly blushing and occasionally swooning , but the story also contains unusual elements for a 19th century novel . The story includes a woman seeking an affair with a married man , a man keeping an apartment for his mistress and a Union officer conquering not only a Southern town , but also two of the women in it.The battle scenes are well told and are clearly based on De Forest 's experiences during the war . He is not afraid to show the consequences of battle , describing soldiers horribly mutilated with rotting wounds . The actual battle scenes are quite few in number and are mainly skirmishes . The only large-scale engagement in which the characters are involved is Port Hudson . This is a pity for with De Forest 's writing skill , it would have been interesting if he had been involved in and given an account of one of the really great battles . Nevertheless he provides a detailed account of army life during the Civil War showing the bureaucracy and boredom , the frustration and pettiness , the bravery and the cowardice . His account is extremely one-sided and he has scarcely a good word to say about the Confederacy , but this adds to the fascination of the novel , for it gives the reader first-hand insight into the attitude of a Union veteran towards his beaten enemy and why it was that he fought against the South.The Penguin edition of the novel has a good introduction with some helpful information about De Forest and the reception of his novel . It also has many useful notes especially those which translate phrases written in French and Latin . However it must be said that a lot of these notes are superfluous for most readers , e.g. explaining what the Mason Dixon Line is , or what the dodo was , and some of the notes are mistaken such as the statement that Stonewall Jackson commanded the Confederate forces at first Manassas .
 This is perhaps the best novel with the worst title ever written . Set during the Civil War , the novel depicts the war in all its sordidness
 Written shortly after the end of the Civil War this novel covers all of the bases -- politics , battles , social issues , and personal relationships -- affected by the war . It does this with a depth not usually seen in Civil War novels and particularly those written in the 20th century . De Forest does not insult the reader 's intelligence and his characters are not just stereotypes but have real flesh and blood . -LRB- Well , except maybe for the heroine ! -RRB- If you enjoy this book try A Fool 's Errand for a good novel about Reconstruction also written shortly after the end of the Civil War .
 Note
 This is a very good novel and it behooves every Civil War student to read this book . Books written today about the War often say more about our times than the War ; that 's why I like this book . My great-grandfather fought with the Sixth Kentucky Volunteers -LRB- USA -RRB- in the Western Theater . His father was wounded at Chicamauga and sent home . Reading this book allowed me to glimpse into that time , not from the perspective of a modern day author , but from the perspective of one who really lived the War . His battle descriptions are fascinating and , for my money , his finest passage begins on p. 307 -LRB- Penguin Edition -RRB- with `` Such was the defense of Fort Winthrop ... '' I think that DeForest wonderfully captures the wistfulness of those individuals who experienced the raw energy of battle -LRB- e.g. Oliver Wendell Holmes ' descriptions on his service -RRB- and realize , with a bit of relief , but with a bit of melancholy that he will never have that feeling again . All veterans live with this kind of thought , I think ; DeForest captures the Civil War veteran 's thinking here perfectly.One more thing positive about this novel
 i was somewhat putoff by the title of this book but after adapting to the 19th century prose , i was blown away by discovering a book to put by melville , hawthorne or henry james . Even the language took on a contemporary flavor . DeForests picture of American democracy has an eerie back to the future relevancy . The authors book length meditation on the human condition is sad and lonely in a uniquely American way . I am amazed that a vast academic industry has neglected promoting this masterpiece .
 a riveting read from the first shocking chapter . an amazing kindle read . thomas hardy has a profound grasp of human nature and sugarcoats nothing . this is a great novel .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge , Thomas Hardy 's great novel published in 1886 , is a classic of English Literature . The main character , Michael Henchard gets drunk at a fair and sells his wife and child to a sailor . Henchard , after sobering up , realizes what a terrible thing he has done and swears off alcohol and tries to find his wife and child.Now , that sounds like something Homer Simpson would do in a drunken bout , does n't it?Sounds like a classic to me ! If only my lousy library had this classic work . I guess I can only dream of living in a place that is not as ignorant as the land known as the Midwest .
 One of Hardy 's best novels . The characterisation are excellent and the descriptive writing is superb . I recommend it highly .
 Thomas Hardy 's `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' seems to be a moral allegory . In a moment of drunken callousness , young Michael Henchard sells his wife and daughter to a genial sailor . When he awakes from his drunken stupor Henchard sinks deep in regret , and swears not to touch the bottle again for two decades . He searches for his family , and unable to locate them he stumbles into the town of Casterbridge where he develops a successful farming business , becomes mayor and the pillar of the community . Eighteen years later , when his wife and daughter find him the single and temperate Mayor of Casterbridge makes haste in reclaiming his lost family , and it seems it 's all well that ends well.At the same time a young dashing Scotsman Donald Farfrae enters Henchard 's life , and the Mayor is determined to make Donald his acolyte . It seems that the two have much in common , but Donald proves he is in fact the Mayor 's polar opposite . Whereas Michael can be both generous -LRB- he pleas with Donald to remain in Casterbridge to work for him -RRB- and stingy -LRB- he fires Donald after dancing with his daughter Elizabeth-Jane -RRB- , loving and brutal , brooding and quick to anger , Donald is the model of the proper Christian businessman and husband . Donald understands , forgives , tolerates , and endures all of Michael 's impetuous insults and attacks , and he is finally rewarded with Michael 's lover , daughter , business , and mayorship.But ultimately Michael Henchard is the protagonist of the novel , and while he is certainly petty , provincial , and proud his fall is both epic and poignant . Michael had eighteen years of quiet prosperity in Casterbridge , but the novel makes no mention of it at all , and Michael must endure one tragedy after another . It seems that Michael 's undoing is that he thinks and feels too much . He is quick to anger and proud of mind because he is first to love and steadfast in his loyalty ; in comparison , Donald Farfrae seems cold and calculating , slowly and methodically building his reputation at the cost of Michael 's . Yes , Michael did fire Donald , but Michael had urgently pleaded with Donald to stay in Casterbridge and given him experience , connections , and a reputation
 This book was astounding . Never have i read such a wonderful piece of literature . Highly recommended !
 The notes on the back of my copy of this book describe it as a `` Sophoclean '' tragedy . This is a very apt description . Like the plays of Sophocles , Hardy 's novel proceeds directly from one mistake and misunderstanding to the next with very little padding in between . As a result , the plot can seem unlikely -LRB- as several below have commented -RRB- . It 's sad , however , if people reject it for that reason.This novel contains one of the more fascinating characters in literature . Michael Henchard is a man of the `` old school '' who conducts business on a hand shake and who constantly acts and reacts to the visible world . Despite this , he is often aware of his mistakes after the fact , yet is unable to use this knowledge to avoid future pitfalls.He 's contrasted brilliantly with Donald Farfrae , who is a `` new man '' who trusts in the future . Ironically -LRB- and I suspect intentionally -RRB- Hardy make Farfrae seem a far shallower man than Henchard . Yet , the `` new man '' ends up on top.The end of this novel is one of the bitterest in all of literature . Henchard 's will being an almost total negation of his existance . What could be more tragic than that for a flawed , but essentially good man ?
 I loved the irony . I mean , how much worse could life get for the Mayor ? After selling his wife , and swearing off drinking , what was left for him ? When he meets his wife again , it becomes to turning point of his life once again , including his `` daughter '' .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is n't really about a man who sells his wife and daughter . Yes , that is part of it , but 80 % of the story has little to do with that fact . In actuality , it is about relationships , and the choices we make that can have an impact on those we love . The story twists and turns , and weaves several different characters ' stories into one neat ending , but can be predictable at times.I personally enjoyed the book , but it can be slow and predictable at times , as I already mentioned .
 I chose this book because I had never read any Thomas Hardy . I thought the story was excellent and I loved the picture he painted of the times , but it was very slow . I stuck it out to the end though and quite enjoyed it .
 just finished thomas hardy 's `` mayor of casterbridge , '' a book which i highly recommend.this novel is purported to be the first thriller , from which all that followed are copies.the characters in this metaphorical masterpiece operate in a never dissipating cloud of pathos which hangs over them like a vulture over a wounded fawn . the last sentence of the book illustrates
 The book i purchased was shipped fast to me , it is a great site to buy from , very well priced , and to re use a book is the best thing that someone can do . The book is still in great condition !! would def buy from them again.thanks
 I got this book for a Literature class at the college . It was delivered quickly , and came in great condition . The pages seem a little thinner than would appear in a `` better quality '' books , but other then that , it 's a great book for a great price . The story is fantastic .
 The book came in perfected condition as it said on the review of this book . It came just in time .
 About two thirds through this undeniably great work , I began to question everything I thought I knew about this book . Kicking off in high drama and then barrelling on in that fashion with not even a stop for air , the twists and turns in Hardy 's tale of morality , regret , and character seemed to occur due to the faults and failures of the principal actors , and not thanks to any plot contrivances on the part of Hardy . Which ever the case , this is a great testament to Hardy 's writing abilities , but as the story progressed , the idea that Hardy was pushing the limits of `` fate '' and `` tragedy '' to its extreme seeped in . By the time I finished the book and sat puzzled over the complete change in tone for the last two paragraphs , I realized that Hardy had written one of the greatest pieces of satirical tragedy ever.Based on an actual inicident Hardy read about in a local newspaper , a husband , travelling on the road with his family , gets drunk and auctions off his wife to the highest bidder . After being offered a considerable amount of money , the wife is sold and she willingly leaves with the highest bidder , daughter in tow , as the drunken husband stays behinds and drinks.End first scene , cut to 18 years later . The man has become a teetotaler and has so righted his life , he has become the Mayor of Casterbridge . The wife enters the town , beautiful now older daughter in tow , looking for her former husband now that her husband-by-auction has died . They meet , work out a plan to remarry , and set about doing that.We then discover that the Mayor is already engaged to another woman . We discover that one of the Mayor 's enemies is interested in wooing his daughter . We discover that the girl he believes is his daughter - has been told is his daughter ! - is not actually his daughter . Discovery after discovery rain down upon us , each one forcing the characters to react in ways that while always consistent with their characters , creates further drama and eventually , tragedy.Hardy is an incredible author and even if this was nothing more than a tale about character and ethics , it would be an incredible read . When viewed as a satire of such tales , however - like an updated Job story without the God aspect , with the Mayor being Job - the work rises to another level . Hardy is funny , and even in the context of obviously serious works , there are occasional lighthearted moments . But once one grasps this complex work as a satire of similar works , Hardy verges on being hysterical . The Mayor of Casterbridge is a living character with obvious faults , but the heap of abuse that Hardy piles upon him in no way corresponds with his initital heinous act . Unless , of course , you 're trying to be funny.Regardless of whether this is meant to be taken seriously or not , it is an underrated -LRB- as far as Hardy books go -RRB- classic . -LRB- And those last two paragraphs I alluded to above
 Fast delivery and was able to enjoy with my daughter on a cross country trip . It came just as I thought .
 Nineteenth century literary classic , details a man seeling his wife and daughter and the long term consequence . It 's a pretty powerful and deeply ambitious story , one that makes up for a couple feeble plot stimulators with a powerful psychological representation . What 's most interesting is the protagonist , the titular individual . A man so committed to drunk and evasion that he will sell off his own family . Also a man that works across the rest of the novel to redeem himself from this moment , but not without much backsliding and fresh egotistical mistakes . He 's also capable enough to claw his way up into a position of wealth and authority , but then later lose that fortune , and the book is quite effective in showing the degree to which his admuirable qualities are tied in with his core defects . He 's far from a monster , and for all the damage his pride and spiteful rejection cause to other lives there is much to admire about him , his strength of character , his general optimism and the way he 's able to come forth with strong ethical choice at the most surprising moments . He 's an intriguing , complex and overall plausible character , most notably in the way that none of his grand transcendetal moments lack , the way he continually reverts back partially to his earlier ways.More generally , the work shows an engaging cynicism about the status of class , gender and hypocrisy in contemporary England . There are some very strong critiques in here against Victorian society , to the extent that I 'm surprised it attained the popularity it did in its own time , and these are always coonected to an engaging novel . It makes me a lot more interested in reading the other nineteenth century literary classics I 've so far neglected . And more Hardy , of course.Worse than
 The story of a man who ruins his life by doing the right thing at the wrong time , both in business and in his relationships with his wife , a potential wife , and his stepdaughter . In business , he buys at the wrong time and sells at the wrong time . In relationships , he is cold when his nearest and dearest wish to be close to him , and then seeks them out after it is too late .
 Mayor of Casterbridge is a tale about a man named Michael Henchard and the mistakes he makes in life . It is really well written , Hardy has a skill for great storytelling . There are so many surprises and details , which you at first think at irrelevant turn out to be the turning factors of the entire book . Hardy is not one who puts in a lot of useless text , everything has to be thoroughly read or you will not enjoy it . Anyways boys and girls , hope you enjoy this , I sure did
 Rather than repeat tired platitudes about this established literary classic , I 'll simply describe my reaction to ` The Mayor of Casterbridge ' . It made me nervous and stressed , dreading the next awful event that would follow the painful scene I had just finished , and sure enough , another calamity would promptly occur . Foreseeing its approach , I would want to put the whole novel aside , but morbid fascination led me to continue reading . That 's the way it is with thrillers . At least most of the disasters befell the main character , a loathsome individual who , unfortunately , reminded me very much of someone in my own life . I thought I had read this book in high school fifty years ago , but if I really did , it affected me less then than it did now . Finishing the last page with a sense of relief , I gratefully turned to Anthony Trollope for my next read .
 `` For my part I do n't see why men who have got wives , and do n't want 'em , should n't get rid of 'em as these gipsy fellows do their old horses . '' -- The Mayor of CasterbridgeAnd with those words -LRB- and the act they inspire -RRB- , Michael Henchard brings a lifetime of misery down on himself . The Mayor of Casterbridge is widely considered to be Thomas Hardy 's greatest novel . It is a classic tale of the spiral and eventual demise of an essentially bad man . The story is rich with personal intrigue ... sins , lies , cover-ups , love triangles , secret identities and so on ... making it a continual pleasure to read . The regional dialect -LRB- spelled phonetically throughout -RRB- can be a bit cumbersome to wade through at times , though it certainly lends atmosphere to the novel.The characters are interesting and easy to relate to and Hardy did an admirable job of making most of them distinctly human
 `` The Mayor Of Casterbridge '' captures a lot of what makes Thomas Hardy resonate with people today
 In some ways this is a hard book to get into since it is set in a totally different culture from ours - rural England of the mid-nineteenth century . You would think that that is close enough in time to not be a problem . But to me the things like their courtship customs , or what is considered scandalous/honorable behavior , are really at a variance with the way we act today that I found it hard to relate to . Add to this some of the implausible melodrama and coincidences that make up the plot and I almost ended up putting down the book.However I kept reading and in the end I thought it was an excellent story . This is because it illustrated a truth about life that I could empathize with . How a man through pride , anger , stubbornness and alcoholism could end up destroying his relationships with all of the people he is close to and in middle age end up being alienated from everyone who was important to him in his life . Since this story was written there have been millions of guys like Michael Henchard . The details of their lives are different , their endings may have been different . But there is an underlying truth that is the same . That aspect of the story is timeless .
 this is the first book ive read out of thomas hardy 's many works , and i thought it was absolutely brilliant . he uses his perceptive insight into the human nature to create very realistic characters with complex personalites.each scene he describes is filled with vivid imagery that leave your senses tingling.i highly recommend this book to anyone that loves a well-written , easy-to-understand classic .
 I have not read any of Hardy 's books before - and chanced upon this one , and found no regrets . Once I developed a comfort zone in his type of writing , I found myself totally engrossed . His literature style is one of grace and flowed easily between each new turn of the plot . Not only was it beautifully done as a character building story , but it was full of surprises , twists and turns you did n't expect . I recommend this book , and intend to continue reading the rest of his writings .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge by Thomas Hardy is a fictional novel teaching many life learned lessons . When a man sells his wife and daughter to a sailor for five guineas , he becomes devastated . Finding a whole new life , he becomes the wealthy mayor of Casterbridge . Not ever thinking he would see his wife and daughter again , the inevitable happens . As the story goes from bad to good and good to worse , various characters explore the realms of fate.The work of Hardy allows his readers to have a better understanding of the world . Many people today are nave of the terrible things happening all around them . The exaggerated situations , such as a woman dieing because of embarrassment , allow readers to have a new perspective of life . A realization is created that everyone has two sides to them ; good and bad . Whether it is a lie or the truth , people affect the lives of others.What if one secret could ruin the lives of many others ? What if one secret could ruin the life of one ? As lies and secrets lead to the downfall of many characters , life is taken advantage of and hearts are broken . When evil seems to take control , it is learned that no one can control the power of destiny . In The Mayor of Casterbridge the truth of life is displayed . The light of the world can not always hide the dark shadows that dwell in everyday life .
 I greatly enjoyed The Mayor of Casterbridge , not only for its clear and concise explanations , dialogue and emotional energy , but also for its themes . The loss of a wife , mother , daughter , love , husband , father and mentor are all carried off extremely well . I chose to read this book for a project I 'm doing in my English class and although it was not my first choice , I do recommend it to anyone who loves English literature . I 'm a big fan of Dickens and Hardy and truly loved this magnificent piece of work .
 When one finishes `` Casterbridge , '' one is immediately struck by its place in the development of the novel . Hardy came after Dickens and before James , and his style intrigues as you connect parts of it to the former , parts to the latter.His plotting is sort of Dickens `` lite . '' There are mysterious benefactors , sudden tragic deaths , reversals of fortune , paternity mysteries , ect . His prose is cleaner and easier to read than both Dickens and James ; `` Casterbridge '' scans better than `` Bleak House '' or `` The Wings of the Dove . `` The story begins when a pastoral laborer , in a drunken rage , sells his wife and child one evening -LRB- I hate it when that happens ... -RRB- . When he wakes the next morning , abhorred at what he has done , he swears off liquor and decides to make something of his life . The novel truly begins eighteen years later , when his wife and daughter come back to present themselves to him . In the course of the rest of the novel , we witness the fall of the now Mayor of Casterbridge , brought about by his own character flaws and the interventions of fate.Henchard , the main character , is a facinating combination of hot-spirited volition and turn-on-a-dime repentance . He is quick to do things which damn him but just as quick to admit his guilt . He is a wonderful character and a precursor to the later `` psychological '' novels of James and Forster . The satellite characters remind one of Dickens , but they are not nearly as startling and interesting , but of course , a character such as Henchard never existed in all of Dickens.The novel proceeds to its forgone conclusion inexorably , albiet with a few melodromatic touches , yet it sustains its tone and readibility due mostly to Henchard , and the dramatic situations Hardy puts him through.Well worth a look .
 Since I have decided to dedicate part of my time spent reading in 2003 to the classics , I started first with The Mayor of Casterbridge , not the most famous of Hardy 's works but seemingly a good place to start . I will definitely read the other works by this author since I was so captivated by this book.The novel begins with the sale of Michael Henchard 's wife and child to the highest bidder at a local summer fair . Henchard is drunk and his wife , tired of his habits , decides to leave with the sailor who bids on her and her daughter . Henchard wakes up the next morning , somewhat remorseful for what he has done and vows not to drink for twenty-one years.The very next chapter picks up the story nineteen years later , with the return of the wife and child into Henchard 's life . Henchard is now quite wealthy and is such an important man in his community , he is now Mayor of Casterbridge . From here , a series of wrong decisions and misunderstandings lead to the devastating conclusion.Hardy is well known for his tendency towards gloomy endings and this book certainly fits the mold . But he is also well known for his lyrical descriptions of the English countryside and describing a way of life which had disappeared even in his own time . There were beautiful passages about the hay carts being driven through town , loaded so high that people on the second floor of homes could reach out and touch the top of the hay . Small details abound , describing the sound of rain on trees and the smell of the local foods . But perhaps the most significant aspect of the novel for me was the feeling that Henchard had wished for everything that had happened to him , and all of his wishes came true , and thus ultimately his downfall . These wishes were almost all made in a rash moment , when perhaps a minute or more of reflection could have produced a clearer head . Yet Henchard lives by his instincts , since for almost twenty years they seemed to serve him well.I would recommend this book to any serious literature lover and I believe it serves as a good introduction to his other works . His books serve as a bridge from Victorian literature to modern literature , with no happy endings guaranteed .
 At first I was forced to read `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' in school more than 12 years ago . Reading it slowly made an impact on my life . This book always served a special purpose in my life . It introduced me to the wide world of Literature . It sort of enlighten my interest and liking for English literature . Now re-reading it not only brought back fond memories of my yester school days but also renewed my liking to one of the greatest writer of all time Thomas Hardy.Through this novel I came to the understanding of Irony and oxymoron . Hardy totally wrote with a sense of awareness of human characteristic and he had a amazing style of mixed humour with tragedy.His protagonist , Michael Henchard 's life was under the microscope of Hardy.I love the way the story began I quote : `` ONE evening of late summer , before the nineteenth century had reached one-third of its span , a young man and woman , the latter carrying a child , were approaching the large village of Weydon-Priors , in Upper Wessex , on foot . '' I love the Englishness and the sense of intriguing events that would follow ... In brief , Michael Henchard was a drunk who sold his wife and daughter at the fair . Later he realised his mistakes he work real hard and eventually became the mayor of Casterbridge . His life took another twist 20 years later when his wife and daughter came back to his life plus a few more other characters adding on the complexity of his life.Soonafter events unfolded and many things became to go against his way and then came his downfall . Indeed Michael Henchard 's rise and fall were filled with compelling details and his encounters with numerous intestering people.What I love most about this novel was the way Hardy depicted Henchard 's behaviours and thoughts and totally enhanced his weak character and irresponsibleness with dashes of ironies . His sardonic literary style were brilliant and at the same time he also vividly described the scenery and situations . Another greatest of Hardy was his ability to create innovative characters still account for in modern contemporary days and he was a pioneer in analysising human 's weakness and blended it into his creation . It 's a vintage classic , psychoanalytic and intriguingly written , a must read for all books lover .
 I 'm re-reading this book that thrilled me years ago and thrills me today . Now , however , I realize just how `` modern '' it is , even more so than the works of Dickens , whom I also revere , but whose writing had a quaint quality that actually makes him the lesser artist , in my opinion . Hardy 's writing is spare but nothing is left out . You feel it , you taste it , you live it . It has the firm , sure quality of a minimalist work of art , and yet the twists and turns of its plot are dizzying . I detect its influence on novelist Toni Morrison , I might add . I 'd be willing to bet she 's a Hardy scholar . I read many passages , many scenes , that reminded me of her `` folksy '' conceits . And I was amazed at Hardy 's contemporary understanding of addiction , in this case alcoholism . In fact , Henchard is a `` dry drunk . '' He abstains from liquor for 21 years , but his character defects and lack of spiritual awareness catapault him right back into his disease when he begins drinking again . In fact , his life spirals out of control faster and faster with his first return to drink , showing that alcoholism , like all addictions , is a progressive disease . A reviewer here said the book was depressing , and that Hardy is dark . However , the `` light '' in Hardy comes with his wisdom , not unlike Faulkner 's , of human nature . There are so many themes of the enduring truths that one is uplifted just by the reading . Sometimes I mourn for the writers I will never meet , the ones who have passed on . Their teaching is so important to my own spiritual and artistic growth , that I have experienced a great love from them and for them . Hardy is one of those for me . Wherever he dwells now , I send him my appreciation .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is not Thomas Hardy 's most famous or acclaimed novel , but in the opinion of this die-hard fan it is his best . The later Tess of the D'Urbervilles and Jude the Obscure are generally considered his masterpieces , but while this lacks their epic grandeur and sociopolitical relevance , it is more immediately arresting , has a more conventionally interesting plot , and features one of literature 's best tragic heroes . I give it the highest possible recommendation not only for fans but for anyone even remotely alive to literary greatness.Hardy in his day was nearly unique in mixing high literary elements with what would later be called pulp factors . Hard as it is to imagine , he was like William Faulkner and Stephen King in one - a true artist with mass appeal , both critically acclaimed and bestselling . However , his early nineteenth century rural English settings , heavy dialect use , eccentric vocabulary , and other characteristics make many current readers think his books slow going . The Mayor is the obvious exception , beginning almost immediately with one of the most arresting and unforgettable scenes in all literature - nothing less than a drunken man selling his wife and child to a stranger out of anger and disgust . As often with Hardy , it is based on a real incident , but he dramatizes so vividly that we can not help being enthralled . The drama indeed reaches such a fever pitch in these first few pages that even those normally averse to classic literature can hardly help being pulled in.Such a beginning sets a very high standard , and it is a testament to the book 's greatness that it never disappoints - and , indeed , hardly lets up . The popular aspects of Hardy 's fiction made him more influential on later writers , especially mainstream ones , than nearly any other classic author ; it is almost impossible to exaggerate his impact , which is such that even many who have never read him have been greatly influenced without knowing it . These strengths are present even in his earliest fiction , but The Mayor is the preeminent example . Supremely engrossing and intriguing , it is full of plot twists that will keep even the savviest readers guessing and ends in one of the most spectacularly memorable conclusions ever . One could not expect more from even the most entertaining pulp novel - and The Mayor of course has a wealth of great artistry to boot . To be sure , this Hardy aspect has always had critics bemoaning apparent overreliance on complex plots and melodramatic coincidence , the implication being that Hardy was unable to make a story without them . However , anyone even remotely familiar with him knows that he was intensely interested in coincidence , chance , and fate , using them deliberately to dramatize what dominated his thought . Those aware of this can see how well his writings work out the implications of his bleak impressions
 When Thomas Hardy penned The Mayor of Casterbridge , he brought to life a very authentic character in Michael Henchard . He is possibly the perfect tragic character . The only other character I can think of to compare him to as I struggle to describe him and the story - for he is so much the story - is King Lear . But where Lear was a King who was foolish , Michael is the common man , a simple hay trusser , with several character flaws ... most notably shortsightedness and a desire to `` be on top '' . He at no point feels something that most people do n't but where we restrain our first rash and selfish actions -LRB- most of the time -RRB- , he goes full out until he has cost himself everything and too late finds redemption . His flaw is insidious and all too common , so we relate easily even through his most outrageous misadventures.In a fit of drunken despondency , feeling that he is being pulled down by the responsibility of being a twenty-one year old husband and father , he jests that he would gladly part with his wife and daughter for the sum of five pounds . After having sworn this so vehemently for the entire evening , he has little recourse when someone takes him up on it and his wife , in shame and anger , agrees to go with the purchaser , taking their daughter with her . When sobriety brings full realization , it also brings a vow of temperance from Michael who in the following fifteen years builds himself up to a position respectability and public admiration in the nearby town of Casterbridge.Though he seems to have learned his lesson , we are only on chapter two and his story is just beginning as his wife and child return and his friendship with a trusted friend and critical advisor becomes a bitter rivalry . Time and again he demands allegiance when he need only ask it and return it in kind.Hardy 's writing style is direct and straight-forward with no flourishes like you might find with Dickens or Twain . He has a story to tell and he tells it - no swashbuckling adventures like DeFoe or Dumas . However you feel about that , the character of Michael Henchard continues to skulk around in my head . He represents to me a very real possibility of personal failure and haunts my mind now just as Scrooge 's deceased partner haunted him in A Christmas Carol . I would have given this book a fun factor of three stars when I first read it . Now I give it five stars because I have had the time to realize what a masterful job Hardy did when he created Michael Henchard .
 Having thoroughly detested Tess of the d'Urbervilles for its overload of melodrama and odious characters , I was hesitant to It often seems that to be considered a classic , a work must be both lengthy and tragic . Mayor is indeed a tragedy , but unlike start on another novel by Hardy . It was then a happy surprise to find that The Mayor of Casterbridge , though less famous than Tess , is an infinitely more enjoyable work.Tess , it succeeds in drawing sympathy from the reader . Thomas Hardy 's irony is also much in evidence , and he comes across as quite witty . The result is a concise and interesting mixture of humor and tragedy in which characters are reasonably likable . Henchard is impetuous and comes to his end almost entirely through his own actions , but his actions are always motivated by realistic emotions and there is nothing overblown or melodramatic about his downfall . Because he is so human and flawed , it is far easier to feel sorry for him than it was for Tess , Hardy 's embodiment of the perfect woman.There are , of course , elements in Hardy 's style that do not change from novel to novel . His writing remains very Victorian and therefore rather ornate and longwinded . Nor is the melodrama absent from Mayor -- events often take on such an absurd turn that the reader is left momentarily with the impression of a soap opera . The plot relies heavily on coincidences , reminiscent somewhat of Dickens , and things work out so neatly and implausibly that incredulity must be firmly restrained.It is worth it , though . Beneath the superficial plot lie careful writing and hidden parallels . The elaborate Biblical Saul and David parallel with Henchard and Farfrae throughout emphasizes the unchangeability of human nature -LRB- the love/hate relationship between Henchard and Farfrae -RRB- and the cyclical rise and fall from power . Hardy also uses limited third person narration that allows the reader to know the characters and events only through their actions and conversations , further evidence of a meticulously constructed novel . In a refreshing change , Mayor moves along quickly with virtually no extraneous events.The Mayor of Casterbridge is an unusual book , and one that can be understood on multiple levels . On one , it is the simple story of the fall of a proud man ; on another , it is a retold Biblical story , updated but not deprived of its original power . And though I never thought to say this about Hardy 's novels , The Mayor of Casterbridge also does pretty well as entertainment ... Ailanna
 The first book I read out of Thomas Hardy 's many works was `` Far from the Madding Crowd '' back in my secondary school days . I immediately fell in love with Hardy . Reading `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' only confirmed that my liking for Hardy 's works was not misplaced . The Mayor of Casterbridge is absolutely brilliant as the author uses his perceptive insights into the human nature to create very realistic characters with complex personalities . For example , Henchard is an alcoholic who suffers from many of the accompanying afflictions that include low self-esteem , shame , guilt , self-castigation , self-punishment , loneliness , a death wish , and a tendency to depression.The book starts in the first chapter with a dramatic masterpiece that perfectly sets the tone and theme for the rest of the novel . A young man named Michael Henchard and his wife Susan and baby daughter Elizabeth-Jane enter a village where Henchard hopes to find work . They go to a country fair where Henchard , an alcoholic , gets drunk and sells his wife and baby to a sailor . Once Henchard sobers up , he realizes his mistake , and searches , in vain , to retrieve his family . Abhorred at what he has done , he swears off liquor and decides to make something of his life . The story unravels nineteen years later , when his wife and daughter come back to present themselves to him . In the course of the rest of the novel , Henchard who was now the Mayor of Casterbridge falls from grace , this being a result of his own character flaws and the hand of fate.I enjoy reading Hardy 's impressive prose , which is strong , sharp and descriptive . The various scenes the author describes are filled with vivid and compelling imagery that leave one wanting to read more and more . Thomas Hardy is especially adept at describing the environment which he has a deep seated love for . The ironic twists of fate provide a setting that demonstrates the brilliant writer that Hardy is where he expertly weaves a plot that shows the themes of the balance between fate and individual choice . That makes The Mayor of Casterbridge very pleasant to read despite the sad story.For those who wish to study English Literature , The Mayor of Casterbridge is on the top of the recommended list . The book provides exceptional descriptions of England and its culture as well as exposing the student to themes of profound gravity and importance . The book provides clear and concise explanations , dialogue and emotional energy . It is well-written , is easy-to-understand and to follow .
 Having never read Hardy before , I picked this book at random off a list provided by my Western Civilization teacher . I ca n't help but attribute my choice to destiny ; this is quite possibly the best book I 've ever read , written by the single greatest English author in history . While some other reviewers have classified his descriptive passages as somewhat dull , I thought they were rather intoxicating ; I do n't know how one could not enjoy the superbly vivid style Hardy employs . It 's impossible to really describe his writing to one who has n't read it.The plot in Mayor of Casterbridge is compelling throughout . I read somewhere that the book was originally published a few chapters at a time in a literary magazine , and this is quite evident , as every many sections seem individually complete with rising action , climax , resolution , etc. . Hardy still manages to integrate these individual sections without flaw and create a wonderful composition of the life of Henchard . As everyone else has testified , the conclusion of the book is moving beyond description - without a doubt the most affective book I 've ever read . Be forewarned
 I can understand the polarity of opinion about this book . And you certainly do n't want to be reading Thomas Hardy while listening to Leonard Cohen . Do n't dismiss the negative comments out of hand - Hardy is probably not for all tastes.In my case though , as a student disinterested in reading , this novel turned me into a reader . It has a `` heavy '' style , but I think it was this depth that appealed to me most - that , and the obvious devotion Hardy felt toward his beloved Wessex -LRB- strange how this passion of the author for his countryside seems to me more forcefully written than most other stories where passion is thematic -RRB- . Of course I have since read all the Wessex novels but this remains my favorite , and probably my favorite novel of all.Still , not an easy recommendation .
 This is the easiest Thomas Hardy novel , but one of the most complex in terms of emotions . Being an English literature fan , I have to say that the story that goes on in this book is one of the most original and refreshing . If you found Tess of the DUrbervilles -LRB- another Hardy book -RRB- too difficult but loved the general storyline , read this , it 's simpler for the simple minds out there .
 I loved the book ! It is not for the faint of heart as it takes a little more time to read ... the old English . The story is classic .
 Michael Henchard -LRB- yep - - later he 's the Mayor , all right -RRB- , having sold his wife and baby early in the novel for 5 guineas while in a drunken rage , gets what he deserves despite his valiant efforts at atonement years later after an initial rise in fortune and a ` chance ' reunion with his long-abandoned wife and daughter . Not that an example of Divine retribution is Hardy 's intention ; Hardy was an atheist . But he stacks the cards so heavily against Henchard that it 's hard to believe he is n't a True Believer after all . Chance ? Irony ? Coincidence ? -LRB- Synchroncity ?? Gadzooks ! -RRB- Divine retribution ? All grist for Hardy 's deterministic mill , and a grinding mill it is for Henchard . It ultimately does n't matter - - to prove his point Hardy orchestrates the narrative so obviously and nothing can stop Henchard 's downward spiral , of course . Everywhere in the novel , it 's plain he 's doomed . Hardy created this character whose final wish , as Hardy has him spell out in his will , is that he be forgotten . And then Hardy titles the novel after him for the ages . Did I hear someone say ` Omniscient Narrator ' ? Pretty divine , I 'd say .
 I skimmed some of the longer descriptions of scenery/village life . There was still plenty to stir my imagination . This study of human character - especially that of Henchard - was very interesting . Really enjoyed the book !
 Thomas Hardy was never one to refrain from controversey in his writing , as is evidenced by his decision after the negative reviews that `` Jude the Obscure '' received to never write novels again but to devote himself entirely to poetry . `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' opens with perhaps one of the most unique plot devices in Edwardian/Victorian literature , when Michael Henchard , a young haytrusser becomes drunk at a country fair and sells his wife and daughter to whoever will pay five guineas for them . What follows afterwards , for Michael Henchard , is a life tinged by regret , even as he finds himself prospering in all other manners . `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' is a compelling story of how falsehoods and regrets can overshadow one 's life if they are allowed to do so.After selling his wife and daughter , Michael Henchard vows that he will not touch alcohol for twenty-one years and manages to build himself up to the position of a prosperous businessman and mayor in the town of Casterbridge . As he nears the twenty-first year of his oath , his wife Susan returns , finding him in his exalted position , and Henchard knows the only right thing to do is `` remarry '' her since they have been legally married all these years , and therefore make it possible for him to claim Elizabeth-Jane as his true daughter , not just step-daughter . Yet life has many secrets for Michael Henchard - some he keeps , like the fact he is engaged to another woman , and one shocking one that his wife keeps from him that will desperately impact his dealings with Elizabeth-Jane . While Henchard has prospered up to this point , a falling-out with his foreman , the Scotsman Donald Farfrae , leads to his eventual downfall in both his private and his public life . As evidenced by the selling of his wife , Henchard allows his quick temper to get the better of him , and he sets his mind on revenge to all those who have wronged him , whether acutal or not . Therefore , he constantly finds himself at odds with Elizabeth-Jane , with Donald Farfrae -LRB- whom he would like nothing better than to kill -RRB- , and with another woman from his past who has upset his life.Michael Henchard is truly a tragic character , for while it may be easy to dislike him for his roughness and his callow actions , he is not entirely an evil man . His fault is that he regrets his actions , just usually too late . `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' is a surprisingly fast-paced read , with a vivid setting and an extremely intriguing character in Elizabeth-Jane . The web that Michael Henchard manages to spin for himself is compelling and familiar , as these characters and their motives transcend beyond the time period captured so effortlessly by Hardy .
 ... but without the histrionics.One of the greatest novels ever written . Also one of the most suspenseful and -LRB- for those whose palates have not been ruined by trash -RRB- one of the most enjoyable .
 Reread this one recently - what a great book . This is my favorite of all Hardy 's books . The fascinating part of this novel is the protagonist , because he is such a mix of good and bad . He has good and even heroic impulses and acts , and bad and even evil impulses and acts . The way he manages to sabotage the good things he could get reminds me of Lily in the House of Mirth , although Henchard 's sabotage is due to through bad temper and anger and insecurity , while Lily 's are due to ambivalence . But the trip downward is quite similar . Basically it ends up being the story of a man 's self-destruction . What a crime that Hardy 's novels were unpopular when he first wrote them , and the bad reviews discouraged him from writing more ! I have them all but wish there were more .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is undoubtedly one of the finest novels of the Victorian Era - quite a tribute given that the period produced a countless number of classics . The conflict between Michael Henchard and Donald Farfrae reflects a clash between tradition and modernity . This dichotomy is perhaps best encapsulated in their contrasting styles of record keeping ; Henchard relies entirely on intuition and memory while Farfrae maintains extraordinarily meticulous accounts of all his transactions . Furthermore the struggle between Farfrae and Henchard reflects a conflict of vastly different temperaments . Henchard proves to be of a passionate temperament while Farfrae is rational and levelheaded . For instance , despite his modest means and limited experience , Farfrae boldly ventures into agricultural trading and through a series of shrewd bets manages to unseat Henchard as Casterbridge 's preeminent merchant . In order to regain his erstwhile position , Henchard engages in rash and seemingly desperate speculation - in contrast to the prudent risk taking of Farfrae - that ultimately culminates in his ruin.While some AP students have chastised Henchard for his inability to overcome his animalistic nature , the more astute reader realizes that his inveterate character serves to illustrate a basic theme of most Hardy novels - the philosophy of determinism . The rise and fall of Henchard illustrates the unpleasant reality that one 's life is subject to forces beyond one 's control - in Henchard 's case a deeply flawed character - and these forces often overwhelm the power of one 's determination and ambition . This doctrine is certainly anathema to 21st century Americans who firmly believe in the concept of free will and a future holding great promise . While constantly lamenting one 's ill fate is self-defeating , it would be naive to entirely disregard the power of destiny to shape one 's life for worse as powerfully shown in the tragic tale of the Mayor of Casterbridge .
 The mayor of casterbridge is a descriptive , sad , but fun to read novel that keeps the reader glued to the seat . In this novel , Tomas Hardy 's skill for describing the enviroment is clear , and his characters are vibrant and true to life . I recommend this novel to anyone who is in search of a great read .
 This is truly a classic tragedy , and perhaps Hardy 's very best . The opening is one of the most memorable I 've ever read ; Michael Henchard gets drunk and auctions off his family . The tale spins off from there , boldly and without restraint . Though Hardy is a pessimist , he knows how to craft a story of unforgettable characters inspired by all sorts of passions - some taking whatever they can find for themselves , and some giving generously and unconditionally . Wait until you meet and get to know Elizabeth ; she is a beautiful human being ! I always learn so much from Hardy . I 'm grateful that he wrote the novels he did before turning exclusively to poetry . This one in particular is so well done that I do n't know how anyone can fail to be impacted and changed by it .
 A question about the source of human tragedy lies at the heart of The Mayor of Casterbridge . Characters frequently mention fate and providence as causes for tragedy -LRB- and joy -RRB- , but Hardy offers more subtle and complex explanations for individual tragedy . At times , Hardy seems to indicate that circumstance and timing play a more important role than Providence in shaping the course of human destiny . Can people survive without the aid of luck or providence by pure force of will ? Henchard -LRB- the Mayor -RRB- is a man whose loneliness , egoism , and pride cause him to make bad decisions . His faulty judgement certainly do not help him in his quest for fulfillment , either . Hardy 's depiction of an ultimately unknowable universe is achieved partly through his characters ' false assignment of meaning to meaningless incidents . Fate , human will , and faulty perceptions are central issues in much of Hardy 's writing . Though not as moving and intense as Hardy 's masterpiece Tess of the d'Urbervilles , The Mayor is not to be missed . Hardy 's complex rendering of Henchard 's multi-faceted personality is remarkable . In addition , The Norton Critical Addition provides excellent commentary and background information from noteworthy critics .
 In the novels of Thomas Hardy , tragedy can be an externalized force like Egdon Heath in THE RETURN OF THE NATIVE or it can be of the internalized sort , the kind that Michael Henchard brings on himself in THE MAYOR OF CASTERBRIDGE . In either case , nature is unforgiving , a quality which is a given in any of Hardy 's works . When tragedy is of the latter kind , then the protagonist is not unlike the doomed tragic hero from classical Greek drama wherein he is first seen as a great or simply a good man who suffers from a tragic flaw , the results of which drag him down so that by the end of the action , his state is so miserably pathetic that the reader/audience can do no more than shake their heads in sorrow at his downfall , that in another and less proud man need not have happened at all.Michael Henchard is the post-Victorian man of mixed qualities who like Oedipus , commits a sin and then spends the rest of the book trying to make amends . His sin is maudlin self-pity . He allows his current debased financial position to lead him to drink , all the while blaming his wife and child . At an auction , he offers his family for the sale to the highest bidder . He ignores the warnings from those present that he is courting disaster . An unknown man offers the highest bid and off he goes , taking Henchard 's wife and child with him . Hardy takes pains to place Henchard squarely in the middle of this somber farce . Hardy gives no name to the successful bidder nor does he allow the reader to note the wife 's actions . She , surprisingly , remains silent , but weeping . Henchard , by contrast , is loud , crude , and obnoxious . He occupies central stage until the next chapter when he sobers up , is filled with remorse , and then tries to set things right . He fails and winds up the leading citizen of Casterbridge . The image of the drunken Henchard and the mayor Henchard are startlingly unlike . The latter is sober , industrious , and respectable , causing the reader to commiserate with him . But the tragedy of Henchard does not lie merely in a series of vain regrets . Just as he seems to undergo permanent rehabilitation of self , his ex-wife shows up again , with a new child from the now dead bidder . Hardy complicates the plot with his usual unwieldy complications . As a result , Henchard plunges again into the depths of despair ; this time he shows that his old sins of false pride and egotism have returned with a vengeance . He tries to bankrupt his business partner Farfrae , for reasons purely of jealousy . It becomes progressively more difficult for the reader to maintain the same sympathy that they had earlier . Later , at the novel 's close , Henchard is made to wander like a wounded Lear , and this alone partially elevates him back to his previous stature of a tragic figure . He , like Lear , dies repentant . From his death , the audience discovers that the essence of a tragic fall lies not so much in how much sympathy that protagonist garners during that fall but rather in how true to life his fall was . Michael Henchard was neither saint nor reprobate sinner . He was the Victorian Everyman with a mixture of goodness and mean-spiritedness , either of which could emerge under the right circumstances . At his fall , the reader saw that the `` right '' circumstances were sufficiently ordinary so that anyone of us might have done the same . This is the essence of the tragedy of THE MAYOR OF CASTERBRIDGE .
 Read this novel after Far From The Madding Crowd and Return of the Native . It 's a very bleak and depressing novel - without the comic flourishes and moments of his earlier work.The story follows Michael Henchard , a hay-trusser , who sells his wife and child for five guineas in an ` auction ' during a fit of inebriety . He spends the next 21 years regretting his action , but during that time he does well for himself , becoming mayor of Casterbridge , a rural town . Years later , his wife and daughter reappear . This starts a chain of events that leads to Henchard 's fall . He eventually ends up losing everything because of his pride , passion and stubborness . The main character is n't very likeable , but there is something of the tragic about him that commands your attention .
 Mayor Henchard was drunk when he sold his wife and child . This instance of reckless cruelty would come to haunt him in his later years . Overall a pious and good man , his downfall was his reluctance to face his past . His will dictated his epitaph . He will never be heard from again . -LRB- The will is on the last few pages of the book . -RRB- Fading into nothing , it challenges the reader to find a term for death . Is death the physical end of life , or the emotional end of life . Readers will be challenged to determine their own answers to Henchard 's damnation .
 This is a fabulous book written in classic Hardy style . It 's full of twists , turns , and surprises . Just when you think you know where Hardy is leading you , he throws in another detail , which leaves you dumbfounded and believing that no other than Thomas Hardy could pull this off .
 I found this book to be very enjoyable . It is an easy read . I did not give it 5 stars because there are parts of the story that are long and slow . The story picks up about 1/3 of the way in if you can make it that far .
 I like this story the most of Hardy 's works . An interesting tale with some good , realistic characters . I think I 'll read it again .
 So many people have read this classic book that if you are one of the few who have n't then give it a try . Its an excellent novel of English life .
 I found this book a very interesting read . Although I do not feel it is one of Hardy 's finest , it was , never the less , entertaining . It did not seem to achieve the level of pathos , or engender the concern for the main characters that `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' did . There were numbers of similarities between this book and Dickens ' `` Little Dorrit '' , except Hardy appeared to see how many mistaken innuendos , statements never made that could have cleared up false impressions , and misguided moralistic pressures could be fit into one story . All said , I am glad I read `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' . I enjoyed it very much , I just did n't LOVE it .
 I enjoyed this book . It was a good mystery . The characters were `` round '' rather than ` flat ' which generated an interest in what happened to them . Like most of Hardy 's books , the main character was on a downward spiral from which he never recovered . This is a downer but it did hold my interest throughout . I am a fan of The Classics .
 Thomas Hardy has written a surprisingly modern novel.I love all his classic stories.I can never decide which one is my favorite.His characters , his plots and his settings are very realistic .
 This book is difficult to read at first as it is written in a dialect we are not used to , however once that is established the story moves right along and the characters become familiar . I felt many of the characters were flat and not fleshed out enough . Elizabeth lacked `` backbone '' I wanted her to have a bit more of the spunk of her `` friend '' . I really liked the mayor and wished that he could have just thought before he opened his mouth . Mr Hardys descriptions of the English countryside put me right there with him . A good read .
 Having just finished reading Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the de'Ubervilles I just had to read another of his books.I found this one and enjoyed it just as much if not more so.I 'm sort of on a run of reading classic books . Once you get used to the period of time and the style of writing ~ in old english , of sorts ~ one needs to continue this type . You get so much more out of a book that way.While this book may have been written in the 1800 's I must say that the events taking place , the people and their responses does n't seem to have changed one iota to the way society behaves today . This is a charming story of rags to riches to rags again . A story of humility , starting over , of pride , of desolation and back to humility again . It does have a bit of subtle romance , which keeps the story flowing.Both of the Thomas Hardy 's books -LRB- Tess of the de'Ubervilles -RRB- and this one are wonderful stories and well worth reading.Interestingly it was n't after I finished reading them that I discovered that these books were considered Young Adult reading . I guess someone rated it this way because it 's a pure , non-smuttly book so ubiquitious of today 's media.I do n't care about the rating I just appreciated Thomas Hardy 's contribution of literature .
 Opinions on this novel seem to be a bit polarized to say the least . The plot is a tad too complex and soap-opera-ish for its own good , but the twists and turns are interesting enough to keep people interested , and it really is n't a tough read . Additionally , it represents the transition between the more emotional , passion-centered Romantic era -LRB- Henchard -RRB- to the more mechanical Victorian Era -LRB- Farfrae -RRB- , and that in itself is a pretty interesting concept .
 The story twists and turns and Hardy takes the reader on a journey exploring the hopes and shattered dreams of the book 's central characters.This is a masterpiece.I , like many reviewers above , had to study this text aged 16 for school exams . At the time , I remeber thinking that the long winded descriptions of the countryside irritated me . Perhaps now , aged 28 , I would appreciate this book more . I feel that those who criticise it are entitled to do so - but the criticisms -LRB- if genuine -RRB- ought to be more constructive than those above - which are just bitter and inmature!As a story , this is first class and a must . Read it and savour it .
 If I were ever to be an English Literature teacher , The Mayor of Casterbridge is the first book I 'd start with . Not just because it 's filled with themes of major gravity or features extraordinary descriptions of England and its culture , but simply because it 's a damn good read . One reads it at a breakneck pace , occasionally stopping only when plot twists have one 's jaw dropping on the floor . This is one of the most truly amazing books I 've ever read .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is a superbly crafted tale of youthful folly and the futility of repentance . Set in the early Victorian Wessex beloved of Hardy , the time and place still speak to audiences more than a century after the novel was written.The title character commits one huge act of drunken folly in his youth , to his eternal regret . He seeks to put it behind him and become a pillar of his community . But the consequences of his deed come back to haunt him and one by one he is stripped of all that he holds sacred and dear.The prose is so vivid and the tragedy of the ending so great that it is like being pierced with hot and cold daggers again and again as one reads the last fifty pages or so.Vivid characterization , realistic deeds , thought , and dialogue , and graphically depicted settings all combine to make this one of the finest novels in the English language.Even if you are not a Hardy fan , this novel is a must-read ! The many TV movies and mini-series do not do it justice !
 Thomas Hardy 's books are somewhat difficult to read , but this book , set in an English market town , is well worth reading to obtain a picture of life in rural England during that time period along with a complex tale of an ambitious man 's rise and ultimate fall . A man rising from the ranks of farm laborers builds himself up to become a successful grain merchant and leading citizen of the town . Events of his past emerge to place a shadow over his success , and his greed and some bad judgement lead to his ruin . Like most of Hardy 's books , it is a tragedy for the main character .
 I had to read this in book in high school and now again in college ... and I hope to read it again in the future . It is a stunning portrait of secrecy and scandal , conceit and deceit , and the frustrations of being human ...
 Thomas Hardy is a gloomy writer , he likes to end his books by killing off the main characters . In this story he follows the life of a man who good and bad choices in life . You frist meet him as a young married man with a drinking problem . This results in him losing his wife and set him on a path of soberity . Do it yourself AA . When then rejoin his life 20 some years later and watch him self destruct and his wife and daughter reenter his life and he does n't know how to react . He resumes drinking , Loses his lover , get into a love hate relationship with his presumed daughter . and finally dies of a broken heart as he realizes everything he 's lost because of his impulsive behavior . Interesting read .
 There are a few prominent people who are currently spiraling down because of bad choices earlier in their lives . It is a very realistic story .
 The excellent use of language to desciribe the character and nteractions of the main characters was very polished and held my attention completely throughout . I liked the way the story unfolded , not a &#34; just so &#34; tale but one full of true to life human strenths and weakneses . The description of the enviorenment and tracking the history of Casterbridge and he normal day to day life of the enhabiants was interesting and made me feel almost that I was there . I would recommend &#34; The Mayor of Casterbridge &#34; to any lover of historical novels .
 Who am I to wax poetic ? , , , I am stunned , , , , just having finished reading this book.This is the third book of Thomas Hardy that I have been reading.The quality of LANGUAGE blows my mind ! We have lost sooooo much in our modern dayWe have lost the ability to TRULY communicate , , , , while saying so much saying nothing of import.I really appreciate Thomas Hardy , , , , and will continue reading his work plus recommending it to any Real readers out there , , , , I read to learn not just for enjoyment .
 I was nearly put off reading this by friends who termed it `` depressing '' . This trivialises it , for it is , to my mind , truly tragic . In a shockingly irresponsible drunken act , protagonist Michael Henchard sells his wife at a local fair . The consequences , stretching over a couple of decades , sweep away both him and other characters.The plot teems with journeys , coincidences , long-lost people showing up , and a strong vein of morality . In typical Hardyesque style , Henchard moves from the height of civic success to bankruptcy and alienation . A quasi-Greek-tragedy air of fate prevails , but Hardy manages to keep suspense alive . Protagonist and antagonist -LRB- Farfrae -RRB- are pitted against each other on civic and domestic fronts . There is not one Mayor of Casterbridge , but two , and success , failure and rivalry play a large part . There is also competition among the males as lovers , husbands and fathers.This novel gives an insight into civic life , the worthy burgesses of Casterbridge networking in their council-rooms and taverns . But the animal instincts of the wife-sale , the gutter-press viciousness of the locals ' `` skimmity-ride '' , and the proximity of the countryside , where so many Victorian characters wander to survive and to lay bare their feelings , reveal the fragility of civilisation and our urban constructs.Great stuff .
 I read this novel in English class , like most people probably did . It was one of the best assigned to us.Hardy is a gifted author . He writes in a clear style with vivid descriptions that really bring the setting alive , without making the reader -LRB- at least this reader -RRB- feel inundated with borning , unnecessary detail.The thing that I look for most in a novel , however , is quality characterizeations , and this book had them in spades . Dialogue was used effectively to flesh out characters . These are not stock characters , either . These people have flaws and shades of grey . They seem as though they could be real . I found that I could relate to the characters , and I did empathize with them , even when I did n't agree with their choices . Everyone had clear motivations . The characterization of Henchard shows that Hardy clearly understood the notion of the tragic flaw and the tragic hero/anti hero.Students who have to read this book as part of their English class may find it a bit on the long side . I would urge you to stick with it ; once you get through the initial chapters the book will pick up -LRB- a commonality that all British classics seem to share -RRB- . The book is easy to follow and understand . It is a key novel that marks the shift from Romantic Age to the Victorian Age , so it 's an important read for anyone who has a serious interest in English Literature .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is not Thomas Hardy 's most famous or acclaimed novel , but in the opinion of this die-hard fan it is his best . The later Tess of the D'Urbervilles and Jude the Obscure are generally considered his masterpieces , but while this lacks their epic grandeur and sociopolitical relevance , it is more immediately arresting , has a more conventionally interesting plot , and features one of literature 's best tragic heroes . I give it the highest possible recommendation not only for fans but for anyone even remotely alive to literary greatness.Hardy in his day was nearly unique in mixing high literary elements with what would later be called pulp factors . Hard as it is to imagine , he was like William Faulkner and Stephen King in one - a true artist with mass appeal , both critically acclaimed and bestselling . However , his early nineteenth century rural English settings , heavy dialect use , eccentric vocabulary , and other characteristics make many current readers think his books slow going . The Mayor is the obvious exception , beginning almost immediately with one of the most arresting and unforgettable scenes in all literature - nothing less than a drunken man selling his wife and child to a stranger out of anger and disgust . As often with Hardy , it is based on a real incident , but he dramatizes so vividly that we can not help being enthralled . The drama indeed reaches such a fever pitch in these first few pages that even those normally averse to classic literature can hardly help being pulled in.Such a beginning sets a very high standard , and it is a testament to the book 's greatness that it never disappoints - and , indeed , hardly lets up . The popular aspects of Hardy 's fiction made him more influential on later writers , especially mainstream ones , than nearly any other classic author ; it is almost impossible to exaggerate his impact , which is such that even many who have never read him have been greatly influenced without knowing it . These strengths are present even in his earliest fiction , but The Mayor is the preeminent example . Supremely engrossing and intriguing , it is full of plot twists that will keep even the savviest readers guessing and ends in one of the most spectacularly memorable conclusions ever . One could not expect more from even the most entertaining pulp novel - and The Mayor of course has a wealth of great artistry to boot . To be sure , this Hardy aspect has always had critics bemoaning apparent overreliance on complex plots and melodramatic coincidence , the implication being that Hardy was unable to make a story without them . However , anyone even remotely familiar with him knows that he was intensely interested in coincidence , chance , and fate , using them deliberately to dramatize what dominated his thought . Those aware of this can see how well his writings work out the implications of his bleak impressions
 Michael Henchard , a down-on-his-luck , unemployed hay trusser , succumbs to the siren call of alcohol at a country fair . Subconsciously feeling his wife , Susan , is holding him back from success in this world , he awakes to sobriety the next morning and realizes that , in a foolish fit of pique , he has auctioned her and his daughter , Elizabeth-Jane , off to a sailor . Despite his frantic efforts to find them , they have disappeared . Ravaged with guilt over his selfish , impulsive act , he swears he will not take another drink for twenty-one years.Whether his wife was indeed one of Henchard 's problems is left for the reader to ponder as Henchard moves to Casterbridge , prospers wildly in business and eventually becomes the town 's leading citizen and mayor . Henchard 's wheel of fortune , however , begins to spin on a wobbly axle as Donald Farfrae , an enterprising young Scot travelling to seek his fortune , enters his employ as the manager of his business . At the same time , Susan and Elizabeth-Jane , re-enter Henchard 's life believing that Michael Newson , the sailor who had purchased them some nineteen years earlier , has perished at sea . Henchard 's life truly begins to come apart when Lucetta Templeman , a former lover , also moves to Casterbridge and , ashamed of her past romantic entanglement with Henchard , seeks to hold him to his promise of marriage!Hardy raises many issues but , not expressing his own opinion through an unequivocal direction in the story 's plot line , seems content to leave these issues as topics for sober analysis by his readers . Hardy questions the conflict between the merits of tradition vs modernization . There is the enormous irony that Henchard 's success as a business person seems clearly attributable in part to his tee-totalling vow but is founded upon the five guineas seed capital raised through the auction of his wife and daughter ! Henchard seems to epitomize the constant personal conflicts we all face between decisiveness and strength of character as opposed to impulsiveness and stubborn bullheaded intransigence ! One wonders whether Lucetta is flighty , coquettish , thoughtless and selfish or is she an early manifestation of modern woman sadly out of time and years ahead of the ladies around her ? Is Farfrae to be admired or scorned for his meteoric rise to power in Casterbridge and his complete devastation of Henchard 's place among his peers?Perhaps the most powerful moment of the entire novel comes with the discovery of Henchard 's will and his words directing that the world leave him to rest in forgotten isolation and that no person mark or mourn his passing in any fashion . Once again , we are left to decide for ourselves whether Henchard 's life should be pitied , forgiven , admired or looked upon with scorn and disgust.To the readers of the day , `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' would have been perceived as a darkly pessimistic tragedy that might have evoked emotions akin to those raised by Shakespeare 's `` Hamlet '' or Sophocles ' `` Oedipus Rex '' . A classic worthy of the term , `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' , certainly never cheerful or uplifting , is however many , many things - compelling , moving , disturbing , thought-provoking and poignant . Above all , it is worthy of being read and enjoyed by any lover of classic 19th century British Literature.Paul Weiss
 This book has everything fans of the 19th century novel , such as myself , love-melodrama , romance , secrets , plot twists , mistaken identities , rising fortunes , and , of course , a tragic ending . I ca n't give much away because the novel rests on a series of shocking revelations-each more shocking than the last!However , since the book begins with the most startling event of all , and since it is given away on the back of the book , and happens at the very beginning , I will only deal with that event , which is what drew me to the book in the first place . This will set the stage and make you want to read the book as much as I did when my friend told me about it!The main character is a certain Henchard who SELLS HIS WIFE AND INFANT DAUGHTER . That 's right , he sells them ! To a sailor ! Granted , he is drunk . It 's an intriguing study of alcoholism , although some men would n't have to be one to want to sell their wives for some beer if they could get away with it . Henchard 's wife is understandably furious , and leaves with the sailor . After this , Henchard vows to never again drink-although the introduction to my edition suggests that he remains a `` dry drunk '' . I do n't exactly know what that that entails , but the introduction assured me that it was one of the first books on alcoholism which is important enough.Henchard then redeems himself and in Jean Valjean fashion would like to both atone for , and hide , his shameful past . He tries to find his wife and daughter , and that 's where all the fascinating plot twists come in . It 's very well-written and kept my attention throughout . I have also read `` Tess '' by Hardy and I like his writing style . I can not say that his works moved me in any profound way as other literature has , but I 'm not sure why that 's important . There 's a lot of humor and farce in this book which is first-rate , and I just enjoyed his protagonist-it 's not easy to create one so believable and yet so interesting at the same time.Yes , there 's a lot of melodrama , but who is to say that an individual like Henchard , with his addictions and his furious personality , would n't realistically live a melodramatic life ? I 'm sure all those who panned this book may have known someone who found a way to surround themselves with drama even in this day and age . All the book 's drama is caused by Henchard and his mercurial personality-if at any time he 'd played things differently he could have had a better life . But no , he had to be a lunatic .
 One of my favorites works of English literature . The opening `` wife selling '' chapter is one of the best in all literate , setting the major tone and themes for the entire book . The ironic twits of fate provide a wild , entertaining ride that shows off Hardy 's themes of the balance between fate and individual choice in a non-didactic way . The Mayor must be ranked as a tragic character in line with Shakespeare 's best work . A work that makes profound psychological and philosophical statement while remaining engrossing on every level .
 I began reading The Mayor of Casterbridge as an ISP -LRB- Independant Study Project -RRB- novel , as it was reccommended to me by my English teacher . At first , I found the book to be unbearably boring , but beautifully written . The language is something to be admired . But I soon became absorbed in the story , and I have to say it was one of the most compelling ones I 've ever read . I might just say it 's the best book I ever have read . And it 's sad . I 'm a 16 year old guy , and I cried at the end . I do n't want to sound prissy , but it 's true . And you will cry too , I 'm sure . If there is one thing I can say to you , it 's this
 For being written in 1886 , this book felt surprisingly modern and completely engrossing . The twists and turns of Henchard 's life enthralled me and though many of his actions proved him reprehensible , he was still somehow likable ... Farfrae also was an interesting character , though Elizabeth-Jane truly stole the show . All in all , I was surprised at just how much I enjoyed reading this and I will certainly keep an eye out for his other works . Hardy is one of those classic authors that genuinely is n't a chore to read !
 Thomas Hardy 's `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' es a truly remarkable novel . Interesting throughout , it is the story of the rise and fall of a man named Mechael Henchard . Ay the beginning of the novel , Henchard is a volatile , twenty-one-year-old hay-trusser . He becomes drunk at a fair and sells his wife and daughter to a sailor in an auction , which originally began as a joke , turns serious.Upon realizing that he has sold his family , Henchard searches for them to no avail , and takes an oath to give up alcohol for twenty-one years . After the supposed death of the sailor , Michael 's wife , Susan Henchard , and her daughter began a search for Michael Henchard , who has become the mayor of Casterbridge.The novel proceeds as many soap-opera-like events unfold . The unique plot-twists made reading the novel a very entertaining experience . An unfavorable trait Henchard possesses is not letting go of past mistakes . Although he tries to atone for the past indiscretions , fate always seems to catch up to him . These factors and others contribute to the downfall of Michael Henchard .
 Thomas Hardy has a reputation for writing bleak , sad stories . The Mayor happens to be my first Hardy read , and I ca n't tell you how saddening I found the overall tale.Many points are made by Hardy
 THis book was intresting becaues of its plot , and the vivid charters . Each charater was very disticnt and you were always able to understand him and sympthize with him no matter what he did . The book was brillantly writen at that . Buy it now .
 Wow - Thanks to this book I was completely wooed over as being a Hardy lover . His writing is clear and the action presented in such a classic is much more different than that presented in any other classic book . Do yourself a big favour and BUY THIS BOOK !
 Not like any other literary classic you will read . It has the pace of a thriller and keeps you guessing till the end . Who would have ever thought that a 19c . novel could be unputdownable ? As you voraciously consume the book you may not have time to notice how the major character studies so typical of his other novels are compromised , lacking depth and detail . The end is disappointingly predictable .
 Hardy does exceptional work with his attention to detail . It keeps the reader entranced . The story of a man who , though he means well , always does wrong . Out of his love for certain persons , he ends up hurting them . Ironically , he hurts himself as well . The novel is filled with amusing dialouge , suspense , and plenty of sarcastic wit . I give this novel an 11 on a scale of 1-10 ! I definitely recommend it to all persons who enjoy ironic and challenging books .
 This book was writen with passion . Each word has an impact on the reader , and each page is a work of art . I 've never read a book with more realistic characters or a more intense plot . The ending is sad . No other book has ever made me cry , but this , with it 's quiet , grey ending made me sobb . This book is powerfuland enchanting . It has to be read .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge focuses mainly on Michael Henchard , but it 's the little characters that make the novel fulfilling . Their personalities clash with one another at every twist , making Hardy 's plot twists all the more enjoyable . Personally , my favorite character is the Furmity woman who does her best to make Henchard 's life a living hell . The court room scene is a classic !!!
 The bittersweet rise , and fall , of an irresponsible man . A stranger who sold his daughter and wife to a fisherman , becoming a handsome aged bachelor mayor , by chance falls into the steps of his greed and not-forgotten wife and `` daughter '' . A twist in the end , will have you believe this is Hardy 's most purely tragic novel .
 A simple written story , with a complex subject . The minds of the mayor of casterbridge and the wife he sold both have secret intentions of their own . Secure `` their '' daughter , and keep a high position in life . Hardy has written another beloved tragic novella , a true English classic
 In this book , Thomas Hardy manages to cut deep into the human soul , and uncover to us a part of our makeup that though inacceptable in some cases , yet , very real . He talks of man 's selfishness and desires . He presents his theory , which states that man 's destiny is no more than the product of his character and fate . In the wake of the industrial and intellectual revolutions , he gives us an idea of what man 's guidelines would become . It such a wondeful novel , that is full of insight and wisdom . -LRB- check the death scene , page 123 ; it might be as well , the most elegant description of a human being passing away ! -RRB-
 The Mayor of Casterbridge is a book of fate and tragedy . The story revolves around Michael Henchard who , under the influence of alcohol , sold his wife and child . This is enough to demonstrate that one mistake can lead to a life of utter misery . Although Henchard thrives and becomes mayor , his past comes to haunt him when his wife returns . Hardy 's description of Henchard 's downfall is unrealistic . However , what I found most unconvincing was the manner in which Donald Farfrae completely replaced him . The ending is moving , especially his will , and the book is beautifully written ; but I shall always find the parts I found unrealistic the most memorable .
 I really appreciate this story a great deal more than I did in college english during the last century .
 This book/author are &#34; classics &#34; for good reason . You will enrich your &#34; life 's experience &#34; by spending a few pleasant hours with this book . The story takes place
 I could n't put this novel down until I finished it . The characters are fascinating and their interwoven lives and fates are believable .
 A story of hope - from a lost cause to glorious circumstances . It affirms the view that in life there are second chances for us to take and change our circumstances
 One of the great books of all time . Thomas Hardy is/was a master.I ca n't find seven more words so I will end now .
 A brilliant piece of work . The genius use of foreshadowing definitely keeps the reader wanting more . It is definitely a greAt novel .
 Being forced to read him in high school , I hated Hardy then . Now I 've grown up a bit I recognize the superb perception he had . This one is no exception .
 Thomas Hardy 's The Mayor of Casterbridge is a story about Michael Henchard attempts at redemption and the many sorrows , pain , and misery that comes with his decision to uphold his pride and name . To say that Henchard is the only character that suffers in this novel would be a misrepresentation ; almost every character at some point suffers immensely in some trial of life , whether it is death of someone close , pain of separation , or the frustration of a relationship . For these reasons , this work is not a `` light '' read by any stretch of the imagination , and will probably test even the optimist 's patience in getting through . Still , Hardy 's story , the descriptions of the countryside and the characters ' inner feelings , as well as the way he ties together every character in this book , is a remarkable feat and makes for a powerful read.The story begins with Michael Henchard walking with his wife , Susan , to the fair as they cross the countryside . While there , in an act of drunkenness , Henchard sells his wife to a sailor , and seemingly sets in motion his irreversible bad fortune . Not being able to find his wife the next day , he makes an oath to not drink alcohol for 21 years , the exact amount of years he has lived . The novel then fast forwards 19 years to find Henchard the Mayor of Casterbridge , and a noteworthy man of respect . Susan finds him , marries him after forgiving him , but there are many secrets that both parties have and will have until the end of the novel . It seems that many of these secrets are the character 's downfalls . Henchard , while Mayor of Casterbridge , meets a man named Donald Farfrae , who he comes to like and implores to stay in town ; however , eventually he and Farfrae become bitter rivals in not only their business and society , but also in their relationship with Lucetta , a woman who had an affair with Henchard in the past.Henchard 's fallacy of character lay in his stubborn pride and his foolish belief that name and appearance is everything . He sometimes tries to create a faade , or cover up one sin with another secret or problem . When he tries to persuade Lucetta to marry him , so as to not destroy her name , he retorts
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' feels like something Charles Dickens would have written if he had been a more efficient storyteller , more economical in his prose , and had a better understanding of how humor is supposed to be applied to tragedy , if at all -- with subtlety and congruity . This is not intended to be a slight against Dickens , but rather a testament to the quality of Thomas Hardy 's writing.The first chapter alone is a dramatic masterpiece and perfectly sets the rhythm for the rest of the novel . A young man named Michael Henchard and his wife Susan and baby daughter Elizabeth-Jane enter a village where Henchard hopes to find work as a hay-trusser . They go to a country fair where Henchard immediately gets drunk and sells his wife and baby to a sailor . Regretting his actions the next day , Henchard looks for them in vain , swears off liquor for twenty-one years , then takes up residence in a town called Casterbridge.Nineteen years later , Susan , now widowed , and Elizabeth-Jane track Henchard to Casterbridge . It turns out that in the intervening years , Henchard has become a successful granary owner and is now the town 's mayor . He welcomes his former wife and daughter , proving himself to be genial but often petty and easily vexed . For one thing , he is in a bitter rivalry with a former employee , a young Scotchman named Donald Farfrae , not only in business but also for the affections of a vixenish woman named Lucetta who has recently moved to town.Hardy wastes no pages unfolding the plot , which is filled with Dickensian intrigue . It chronicles Henchard 's relationship with Susan and Elizabeth-Jane after their return , his jealousy over Farfrae and Lucetta -LRB- who happens to be Henchard 's old flame and inadvertently incites a public scandal because of this -RRB- , his fear of the discovery of his deceit , and , finally , his feelings of isolation from Elizabeth-Jane and the town he loves . By the end , you realize that Henchard is not a bad man ; he 's a lonely man who 's made the mistake of letting his love for Elizabeth-Jane distort his judgment.Especially impressive is Hardy 's prose , which is strong and descriptive without being florid . He has a sharp ear for native dialects , and the dialogue of Casterbridge 's inhabitants comes off as genuinely homey chatter rather than just dispensations of information set up to advance the plot . Moreover , like any good fictional place , Casterbridge takes on a vibrant life of its own , offering a realistic bucolic backdrop for this stormy human drama .
 An early fall afternoon in the 1840s bucolic world of Wessex . Michael Henchard , a young hay trusser , sells his wife Susan to another man for the paltry sum of five guineas . The 400 page classic by Thomas Hardy -LRB- 1840-1928 -RRB- goes on to chronicle the rise and fall of Henchard . The main characters are :1 . Michael Henchard-The tragic Mayor of Casterbridge who loses all he values in life and all those people he loves to his rival . Henchard is a visible proof of the fact that fiction displays `` the human heart in conflict with itself . ' He is a Faustian striver who is ambitious in business as a corn chandler ; politics as he becomes mayor and love losing the three women who have meant most to him . Henchard dies in an obscure hut near Egdon Heath desiring to be completely forgotten by the world . He has a death wish and wishes to achieve the oblivion of death in a universe controlled by fate , chance and irony . He is one of Hardy 's great creations .2 . Sue Henchard is the wife sold by Henchard to a sailor . She emigrates with him to America . When she returns 20 years later to Casterbridge she remarries Henchard but dies soon after the wedding . She is a simple-minded country woman lacking in knowledge and sophistication .3 . Donald Farfrae-While Henchard represents ancient Wessex in folkways and beliefs , Mr. Farfrae is a young Scotchman who soon steals Henchard 's supremacy in Casterbridge . He is hired by Henchard to straighten out the latter 's business affairs but leaves him to start a successful rival business firm . Farfrae is the second Mayor of Casterbridge in this novel . He marries Henchard 's mistress Lucetta . When Lucetta dies after being the center of a scandal caused by old loves letters to Henchard being revealed , Farfrae weds Henchard 's stepdaughter Elizabeth Jane . He is a kind man who seeks to help Henchard to no avail .4 . Eliaabeth-Jane-She is an intelligent person who returns from abroad with her mother Sue . She has been raised to believe that Michael Henchard is her father . Elizabeth-Jane becomes a hired companion to Henchard 's quondom mistress Lucetta . Elizabeth Jane later weds Farfrae . This young lady learns her real father is the sailor Newson and Sue .5 . Seaman Newson-The real father of Sue who returns to find her twenty years after the deal of exchange he made to purchase Sue as his wife from Michael Henchard .6 . Lucette-The Jersey miss who had an affair long ago with Michael Henchard . Lucette is sexy and exotic . She weds Donald Farfrae dying after details of her affair with Henchard lead to scandal.The characters in this ironical novel are all puppets in an uncaring universe.The last word in the novel is `` pain '' ! There is plenty of pain to share among all the characters.As with all of Hardy 's classic novels , the descriptions of the town folks and the flora and fauna of Wessex are beautifully written . Hardy is the best regional novelist in all of English literature.The Penguin Edition of the novel contains excellent illustrations by Robert Barnes which were included in the original edition . A helpful chronology of Hardy 's life ; discussion of the textual history of the novel and a useful introduction by Dr. Keith Hardy are included . The novel is one you should read and enjoy .
 My second reading of a Thomas Hardy novel was every bit enjoyable as the first , if not more . Having a very limited background with this gifted author , it has taken years to appreciate his talents.The Mayor of Casterbridge starts with a very dubious event ... concerning a drunken ` sale ' of two persons by one Michael Henchard ... bidding them a not-so-fond farewell ; once Michael sobers up , he realizes his mistake , and searches , in vain , to retrieve his family.Flash forward 19 years , when a weary woman and her now-grown daughter appear near Casterbridge , searching for the woman 's first husband , who has now become the mayor , and succeeded in keeping his 21 year pledge to abstain from drink following his grievous error years before.Susan Henchard , now the widow of a missing sailor , comes looking for Michael , and is surprised at what she finds . A sober , well-to-do , respected member of the community , and a leader . A far cry from the man who bartered her away years before . Also new in town is Donald Farfrae , who , once apprenticed to hay and corn merchant Michael , becomes more than Michael bargained for.To tell any more of the plot would be to deprive a reader of numerous twists and turns that occur along the way to the conclusion of this wonderful novel . Perhaps its due to a limited amount of experience with Hardy , but I found several jaw-dropping revelations along the way , and more twists than a television reality series.The story is never dull , nor is it mired in too much unnecessary detail or character introduction . Each of the ` dramatis personae ' are well-realized , as is the notion that the past can always change the course of the future.For newcomers to Hardy 's works , indulge in this page-turner , which is fraught with enjoyment . As this is a less ` dreary ' tale than Jude the Obscure , I would recommend it as an introduction to Hardy 's style ... and a chance to meet a masterful storyteller .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge has so many plot twists and turns that it would not be an exaggeration to label this book as a `` plot spiral . '' With practically every new section , Hardy invents a new way to reveal some surprising -LRB- and sometimes not so surprising -RRB- twist to the plot line . Hardy creates a complex story about love , lust , relationships , economical hardship , family , shifts in power , and more in a beautiful and picturesque way . He concentrates so much on detail that it seems as if you are watching the events first hand . His style presents information as if you were reading it in the form of a play . He nearly always sets up the scene before beginning the action , which makes it so much easier to delve deeply into the action of the characters.Hardy also creates enormously dynamic characters that are subject to so many changes throughout the novel that they become like real people . The author 's grip on human emotions makes his characters believable and easily loved and then hated . The fluctuating emotions of the main character , Michael Henchard , as he falls subject to disappointment in every avenue of his life is a true example of Hardy 's gift for characterization.The contrast of the out-dated and underdeveloped town of Casterbridge vs. the complexity of the relationships that develop within it is brilliant and makes the reactions of the common townspeople to these relationships even more significant to the development of the setting and also the relationships themselves . Though not portrayed obviously in the book , the town of Casterbridge itself plays a very large role in the story . As Hardy thrusts outsiders from other cultures into this archaic town , things suddenly become very complicated and even more so when the newcomers begin to meet and mix together . The Scotchman , Farfrae , and Lucetta , the Jersey girl , as well as some others , react in such a way to the old ways of this society as to disrupt the harmony of this simple community , making this novel an avenue for Hardy to demonstrate his gift for rich dialogue and language , as created in direct relation to the character &#65533; s point of origin.Hardy has created a book about rises and downfalls of a small group of people and presents a very fitting theme about the events of ones life and how they affect everyone around them in death . I must say that I enjoyed this novel for its substance and complexity , as well as the timelessness of the general plot outline .
 At first , I was a little confused as to how Hardy could stretch what seemed to be a simple plot into such a long novel -- especially because the story in blurb on the back cover happened within the first 50 pages . But the story is more than the blurb on the back cover . It is about betrayal , last wishes , the `` evils '' of drink , and how one mistake can affect you 21 years down the road . Hardy 's fatalistic view , seen through Henchard , is , at times , enough to drive the reader crazy.Like many of the other reviewers here , I cried throughout the book . There are constant turns in the story line that at times uplift your soul , and then crash it into the depths of depression . This book is not an easy read though . There are sections that you will struggle to get through because it is dry , but then there are others that will keep you up at night rushing to finish.I liked this book slightly less than I liked _ Tess _ , but it was _ Tess _ that made me buy this book . Enjoy !
 I remember having read this book in high school . I immediately fell in love with Hardy . -LRB- I was also fond of Hardy Boys at that time , so in my opinion the name Hardy acquired a special significance . -RRB- Unfortunately , though , I never liked another book by him quite so much . I 've read Tess of the d'Urbvilles , Under the Greenwood Tree , Far from the Madding Crowd -LRB- which was perhaps his second best novel , as others here have affirmed -RRB- , and perhaps a few others . It is strange , or perhaps significant that I remember the exact circumstance when I was reading this book . It must have been about ten in the night . I had cleared my study desk , and unlike my common practice of lying on my stomach on my bed to enjoy a book into the night , I sat down on the straight-backed chair at the desk to read it . Very soon , I was overwhelmed by the narrative of Mr. Hardy . My father came in to see what I was up to , saw the tears streaming down my face as I turned the pages of my book , and quietly went away . I have never before owned any story books - my parents told me to read out of libraries . But now I am 22 , and have started earning some money of my own , and I 'm going to start a little collection of my most beloved books , to pass on to my children , perhaps ? And this is among my very best .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge , focused and simple the premise has been in itself , affords a quite convoluted plot that packs with events as the memorably niched characters play out their lives and unravels the novel . The book is riddled with a well-faceted theme of conscience
 This 1964 Heritage Club Edition is a treasure ! The hardcover is appropriately decorated with motiffs of Casterbridge . The wood engravings by Agnes Miller Parker are wonderful and unique ! Of course , the story reads like a tragedy - Henchard is certainly his own worst enemy . On the other hand , Thomas Hardy 's prose is certainly wonderful reading , unlike many 20th century so-called literary authors . Hardy 's descriptive analyses of places and characters are exquisite , including the historical aspect of the English countryside near Casterbridge . The secondary characters are varied , some solid and some weak in spirit . Henchard seems to use them all to his detriment and the detriment of others . Elizabeth-Jane and Farfrae give the story balance and in the end are winners despite Henchard 's downward spiral.This review is not in any way a descriptive review of the book 's story line . However , there are hopes that your interest has been peeked and that you will give this book a complete reading . Also , there are DVD 's of this story which can be accessed on Amazon . This writer watched a DVD initially and then read the book . After doing so I believe that reading the book first would be a better choice .
 Michael Henchard , a 21-year-old itinerant farmhand , enters a refreshment tent with his wife and baby girl at a country fair . Depressed by his poverty , Henchard gets blind drunk . He 'd get along so much better without the burden of a family , he declares to one and all - and he offers his wife for sale to the highest bidder.Am amiable sailor throws down five guineas , and Susan Henchard , babe in arms , goes off with him.Amazingly , such things did happen in nineteenth-century rural England . This shocking event is our introduction to Michael Henchard 's tempestuous character.Once sober , Henchard searches high and low for his wife and child , but with no success . He makes a vow in church to abstain from alcohol for the next 21 years , and he keeps that vow.We encounter Henchard two decades later , now a prosperous corn and wheat merchant and the Mayor of Casterbridge.Character is fate . Henchard 's nature , violent and remorseful , jealous and generous by turns , will give him no rest in this life . We ca n't help pitying the man , deeply flawed though he is.The Mayor of Casterbridge is a classic of English literature . It 's also a totally gripping story , abounding in reversals , romances and local color . Do n't start reading it on a night that you hope to get to bed early !
 In Michael Henchard , Thomas Hardy created a tragic figure of Shakespearean dimension . The opening scene of a drunken Henchard selling off his wife and infant child at a country fair immediately establishes him as a rash and impetuous character . These qualities will return to haunt him and those nearest to him again and again as his fortune rises and falls.Henchard is contrasted with the genial and almost too innocent Scotsman Donald Farfrae who starts as his friend but becomes his rival in almost all things . Farfrae has an easy charm about him that makes him an unwitting competitor that stirs additional dark forces in Henchard as his rashness mixes with a growing envy.The Mayor Of Casterbridge is one of Hardy 's great works alongside Tess and Jude The Obscure . Hardy 's vision is dark and the relentless sadness in his work may put off some but in the end these characters he created are as strong as tragic figures as those of any writer in the English language.Finally Hardy 's descriptions of rural England and the people who inhabit including their dialects of the time are priceless .
 Good literature provides keen observations in behaviors and psychology of human beings when faced with moral choices and consequences , and this book definitely is filled with good stuff . The main character , Mr. Henchard , is severely flawed and his iniquities are multiple , and yet , he also is so human and really hard not to have sympathetic feelings toward him in the end . The writing is wonderfully philosophical and dramatic , especially the last paragraph of Elizabeth-Jane 's reflection on life is movingly insightful .
 Hardy mixes the comical here with the sorrowful so you 're at once , entertained and saddened by the events ; the largest event which brings on the sale of one man 's wife and child to another ; a moment which both liberates and destroys the main character through-out the story . Competition and jealousy figure prominently in the time line , which covers many years in the lives of a few sad people . You could say Michael Henchard was doomed from the 1st chapter . He certainly is haunted by his past to the point of no escape . And in fact , it 's his past -LRB- as well as everyone who was part of it -RRB- that fuels the inevitable heartbreak to come . Casterbridge as a central location is n't quite as powerfully stark as Edgon Heath from ... Native but the landscape does affect the players in similar ways . A wicked sense of folly usually dominates every novel Hardy has written .
 This story STILL haunts me since first reading it in college , 20 years ago . It is about a man so destitute and desperate he sells his wife and baby daughter . Unburdeoned , his pockets full , he goes off to seek his fame and fortune . Though he becomes the wealthy and much-respected Mayor of Casterbridge , he is unable to escape the horror of what he has done . Everything he has built threatens to unravel when his dying wife shows up , almost-grown daughter in tow , seeking a guardian for her child . So well written , so cativating , it is like the making of a braid , every page woven together neatly , to a grand and shocking finale . This book turned me into a Hardy fan .
 What a story ! What a tragedy ! The Mayor of Casterbridge faces secrets told and untold , misunderstandings , betrayals , loves won and lost ... a bona fide soap opera set in a faraway time ! Yes , some of the coincidences are a little too convenient , but they kept me reading into the wee hours of the morning ! And in the end I cried . This book 's characters help us to consider the effects on others of the way we live our own lives . We are truly sorry for the way the Mayor lived his .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' was a wonderful story which engulfs the reader in perhaps one of the greatest stories I have ever read . Tomas Hardy 's skill for describing the enviroment is very clear in this novel . The plot changes are never expected , and what seems a boring read unravels into a classic tragedy that everyone must read . In conclusion I highly recommend this novel to everybody .
 Ah , the small town of Casterbridge , or rather the outskirts to start . Michael Henchard 's drunken stupor leads to the sale of his wife and child . Years later , now a successful mayor of Caterbridge , the two women come back into his life , and his world falls apart all over again . Read about his chaotic journey into his own personal hell and the resulting reactions from the rest of the townspeople . Mystery , scandal , betrayal , all wrapped into one delightful package !
 Hardy 's exploration into the character of Henchard makes this novel an all time classic . Those that have rated it low have simply not given themselves the time to read it properly . Henchard 's complexity , his heroic flaws , remind me of Shakespere 's King Lear . Hardy paints an equally vivid picture of the characters around him , especially Elizabeth , an understated character who grows with the book . It is a must for anyone who has read and enjoyed Hardy .
 Very few people can see the real meaning of reading , especially reading a classic . God , geez , why review a book when you have NO clue of what happened , why even review this book if you had been forced to read it for class?Well , now that there are reviews with 5 stars and a few with 1 , try it out , see what all the rants and rave 's about .
 Hardy was a naturalist in whose novels everything goes wrong . Michael Henchard is a drunk who `` sells '' his wife Susan and infant daughter Elizabeth-Jane to a sailor . Susan does n't realize the sale is bogus because she is `` simple , '' throws her ring away , and leaves with the sailor . When he sobers up next day , Henchard searches all over for his lost family , and finally enters a church and swears an oath over an enormous bible that he will not drink from his current age of 21 to double that age . Meanwhile , and 18 years later , when the sailor dies , Susan , with Elizabeth , comes looking for Henchard at Casterbridge . He is now a corn merchant and mayor of the town . As a teetotaler , he is described as drinking glass after glass of water at table for a town hearing . Eventually Susan , via Elizabeth-Jane , contacts Henchard and he pens a note suggesting that they meet at the `` Ring . '' This last turns out to be a ruined Roman amphitheater or coliseum , a 1500-year-old relic full of ghosts and whose very name symbolizes the dark past . Henchard and Susan agree to remarry , playacting a courtship for public appearances , and to keep the daughter in ignorance that the sailor was not her biological father . After they marry , Henchard and the manager of his business , Farfrae , have a falling out because the latter shows the former up and makes a fool of him , making himself more popular than the mayor . To make matters worse , Elizabeth-Jane falls in love with Farfrae.Frankly , that 's as far as I 've gotten . I know how it ends for Henchard , but I wo n't spoil the ending . Hardy is a mean naturalist writer , and has no sympathy for his characters whatsoever . _ Casterbridge _ was first published in 1886 , when alcoholism was little understood - least of all by people like Hardy who did n't have the disease . It 's all too easy for this author to condemn and be judgmental of alcoholic people . I would suggest for an alternative reading Eugene O'Neill 's _ The Iceman Cometh _ , since O'Neill was himself an alcoholic and could rightfully speak for alcoholics . The subject , no matter in whose hands , is by nature depressing . All my editorializing aside , Thomas Hardy is a great novelist who has earned his place in the canon . His poetry is good , too . _ The Mayor of Casterbridge _ is worth pursuing to the end if you 're not an alcoholic .
 Good story for a movie . In fact there was a movie set in the west during gold rush based on this story . Good , but I forget the movie title . Both are very believable , which I like .
 `` Rhonda Findley and I are the co-authors of New Orleans Unleashed . We created this book , along with the photographer , Vanessa Brown Louvier . There have been some postings giving me more credit than I 'm due and suggesting that I was the sole author of the book , which is incorrect . I 'd like to clarify that this was a group project . There were no stars , except for Indy the Dog . I hope you all enjoy our wonderful project . ''
 This cute little book captures the wacky spirit of New Orleans with its dog 's eye view . This is a perfect stocking stuffer or thank you gift for dog lover 's everywhere . Great for kids too !
 What a delightful tale ! Indy Findley visits New Orleans ' most famous attractions in this fun and frolicking tale of a precocious dog lost in the `` Big Easy . '' The tour of the city will be of interest to young and old alike .
 WOW ! After picking up a copy of this awesome book , I decided to buy a few more for my friends who are also dog enthusiasts . I thought that the pictures were brilliant and the story-line was very interesting . John DeMers did a great job writing it ... Overall , GREAT BOOK !
 This book has been one of many great books I have come across it has broadened my mind in so many wonderful ways . My search for truth still continues and not only is this book outstanding but , I do recommend it for those who 's ' minds are seekers of continuous knowledge .
 If you are a thinking Christian , or you want to be , read this book . It is filled with insight and interpretations to motivate thought ; I highly recommend this book .
 To a Christian who is a true seeker , who really wants to know as to what Jesus taught his disciples , who values the teaching of Jesus as described in the Gospels , that is , in the Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John and who is open minded to accept teachings that compare these works against each other , this book is an eye opener . To such a Christian , this book will help to dig deep into spiritual knowledge . The spiritual experience of such seeker would be on knowledge not on blind faith and belief . This book has the potential of dividing the fundamental Christians from other Christians in a big way . This book could create a new class of Christians who would be open minded , who would put their faith in the philosophical knowledge that Jesus imparted to his disciples . Such Christians would have less faith in a salvation that comes in believing in the person of Jesus , but in knowing and doing the things that Jesus taught .
 This book came highly recommended to me by many of my friends as they found it paired with Misquoting Jesus . I found this book to be very informative , inspiring , and fascinating . The author articulates himself very well , he writes in a manner that someone without any Godly experience will find this book easy to read , and the amount of information easy to understand I highly recommend this book !
 I had reviewed this on Barnes and Noble and felt I needed to post my review here as well . This was a great pairing with Bart Ehrman 's book Misquoting Jesus.If you have been intimidated by the words `` Theology '' or `` Apologetics '' This is the book for you . This is not a book for the faint of heart or for those who do n't have an open mind . This book should be the text book for all to follow in looking for meaning in Christianity . Dr. Teel Lays out in vivid detail his argument for and against biblical ideas and principals . The thought is lucid and the argument well rounded chapter after chapter . Dr. Teel takes the New Testament gospels and dissects them verse by verse . He poses questions and gives answers in a way that left me inspired to learn more about Jesus and the bible . This book is a call to action for those on the fence about Christianity and Jesus . I ca n't wait to read his next book mentioned at the end . If you buy one book on religion in 2006 this is the book for you , a must have for seekers of truth .
 Some will say that this makes a mockery of Jesus and Christians . I say it tells us that Jesus wants us to love our fellow man , that Jesus was/is indeed the son of God , and that we should love our God with all our heart -LRB- s -RRB- . The thing that I believe disturbs some readers is that it questions some of the writings in the bible that contradict each other . This book has helped me strengthen my faith , not lessened it at all . I am a questioner about EVERYTHING . To see so many different stories , versions , teachings can be quite confusing and even disheartening . I have always loved the Lord and consider myself a Christian , in that I want to be more loving , non-judgmental , and really want to put my faith in the Lord rather than the teachings of man . To many I am probably a sinner to the nth degree , but that is okay by me because I still love -LRB- or really try my hardest to love -RRB- , those that would think this . My take on Rev. Teel 's book is , if you are a struggling Christian because you have a difficult time believing writings that were written by men that were not witnesses to what took place , if you wonder why some books are missing or are not included in the bible , or if you just ca n't wrap your head around the differences in `` testimony '' maybe this can help you straighten out some of your thoughts or views . Please do n't just take mine or any other persons word about the bible , pray before you read and ask your Father to open your eyes and heart .
 I feel that all religions have pieces of the truth and it is up to us to find them and learn . And yes men and the churches do believe that only they are worthy and women ate thereto serve them and do the menial things that they find beneath them . But if you read the old testament women have important roles that God requests of them , men ate the ones who have the most trouble believing and following that they have to prove themselves more often . Faith , love , acceptance of others as they are is really the bottom line and will bring peace if only mankind could learn and embrace that truth .
 Rev. Teel 's book is very helpful especially for the reader who does not have the luxury of having the Bible handy . Instead of referring readers to a specific passage by Matthew , Mark , Luke , or John , he provides it for them , then explains himself and his argument . The side-by-side comparisons of the different gospels were also very telling . I feel I 've really learned the differences thanks to Rev. Teel .
 I might be mistaken but is n't the bible supposed to be interpreted by people ? And are n't people supposed to ask questions to seek knowledge ? This book brought out a lot of emotions in me as did reading some of its reviews of late . The book asks some pivotal questions and gives insight into scriptural inaccuracy.Chapter one gives a general overview of the origins of the New Testament nothing that anyone familiar with the bible wo n't know.Chapter 2 asks if Jesus was really born of a virgin ? The author then answers the question quite direct by stating No ! He supports his argument using nothing but the gospel accounts from the New King James Version and the King James . The author speaks on the `` slaughter of the innocents '' from Matthew 1 16-19 and asks how could such an event take place ? `` Could it be that the Bethlehem regional area was too small and that records of such an atrocity were not kept ? Could it be that the records were destroyed through the ages and did not survive to this day ? Or is it what seems more likely
 Dr. Teel starts this book from a literalist perspective of the New Testament . He then takes us on a journey through the four gospels giving an objective eye to the literalist viewpoint . In the end I was both informed and inspired by this book . It takes a great deal of courage to go against centuries of religious thinking . Dr. Teel has done an exceptional job of shedding light on the discrepancies in the biblical text . His teaching starts from the literalist viewpoint and takes the reader to an objective one , a great read , I could n't put it down .
 I wish some of the Bible spouters would realize what they are quoting . D. Fox 's review quotes the Bible as :2 Tim 3:16 -17 All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching , rebuking , correcting and training in righteousness , NIVThe piece he is quoting refers EXCLUSIVELY to the Old Testament since there was NO NEW TESTAMENT at the time Timothy was written.Also the original is not `` Scripture '' , but `` Writings '' . Using the word , Scripture , makes it appear as if something sacred and different were being quoted instead of ordinary text .
 The fact is , the more we quest , the better we understand . `` It is better to love the truth than to know the truth , '' and `` Beware the man of one book . '' Whether we agree with him or not , Dr. Teel helps us see the `` old , old story '' with new eyes , and any attempt to quash such efforts throws fuel on the flames.To D. Fox , a few notes :D . Fox
 This book asks some hard questions in the way it scrutinizes the bible . Reverend Teel then answers the questions in a way that makes sense and gives a real understanding of the possibilities . The book asks the reader to set aside all preconceived notions on religion , Jesus , and God and take a look at it in a most unique way . I went into the book on the defensive as a fundamentalist Christian and found myself following the argument of Reverend Teel and even , at moments , agreeing with him . While I certainly do n't agree with all of the points he brings out , he does bring up some really good questions and gives some really provocative and thought provoking answers . He asks the reader only to keep an open mind and in the end I was moved by the book , I 'm recommending it to all of my friends .
 This is a work destined to become a classic . As a professor of literature and argument I was astounded by the writing of the author . A subject so difficult to tackle yet tackled with intimacy and accuracy it is forensically detailed in its look at the biblical text and the literal context taken by fundamentalists . It is a brave new world and wonderful to see that there are a few open minds willing to tackle such lofty subjects head on with passion and precision . No fear here , this is a person driven not only by the clear biblical inaccuracies . But also a man stricken with such a devastating disease as MS who in the end still professes his faith in something that is completely in conflict with the canonical works that profess to be truth impressed me .
 In The Way , The Truth and The Lies Roy Teel tells it like it is . There is nothing here that other scholars have not written about before with one exception ; not only does Roy ask the questions , he answers , and the answers can be unsettling . The myths are exposed and in a brilliant way.He takes the bible and offers the scripture in its whole and then comments on it and then compares the gospel accounts against each other . When he is finished what he gives the reader is a full circle view and logical and rational look at the events . I would place this book on the same shelf with Bart Ehrman , John Spong and other liberal theologians with one exception . When Roy Teel brings up a point in the bible that he feels is not true he does n't dance around it he smashes right through it . I found myself several times stopping to say `` how can you say that ? '' and then looking at the biblical evidence he presents and saying , `` wow ! Your right `` I agree with the other reviewers and say to those who are die hard closed minded fundamentalists STAY AWAY FROM THIS BOOK it is only going to make you angry.What I found inspiring about the work as a whole was the way Roy tackled each subject with both whit and wisdom . The book has its moments of great critical thinking and then moments of true levity . I wish that everyone would read this book if for no other reason then to get them thinking . I really enjoyed it and feel that it is a great work he has made me a fan I ca n't wait for his next book.Cheers to Mr. Teel you did a good thing here no matter what any one says .
 I came across this book on Amazon totally by accident . I purchased the E-book and then the hard cover . The author has the guts to dissect the Bible Gospel by Gospel and set them in parallel to each other then ask and answer some really hard questions . Was Jesus really born of a virgin ? What did Jesus do before his public ministry ? How could Satan possibly tempt God ? And so on all the way through the entire Gospel story . The author covers every aspect of Jesus ' life from birth , crucifixion to the resurrection . He takes each question examines it fully against nothing but the Christian Bible and answers them using the Bible ; I do n't want to give away all of what the author concludes in this review only to say that this man shows great courage he flat out says what is true and what is false and uses the Bible to prove his argument.The author dares to say what I have often wondered to myself and then lets you know it 's alright to ask questions that is how you get knowledge and understanding of the Bible . The author takes on his subject matter with great thought and obvious knowledge ; he knows what he is talking about . If you 're a closed minded Christian fundamentalist stay away from this book IT IS NOT FOR YOU ! If you are like me , and always wondered about Jesus and the Bible and why some things just do n't make sense then this book is for you . It is refreshing and encouraging and I must say a gutsy move for a preacher to make the statements that the author makes . When I finished the book I felt a whole new understanding of the Gospels and was encouraged to know that I was not the only person on the planet who saw these BLATANT inaccuracies , the author has the courage to go against mainstream Christianity and bring in conventional wisdom . A great book for reference as well as reflection and he has a great sense of humor .
 This book is a real eye opener to those who want to know more about the origins of religion . Reverend Teel takes the Christian bible and compares it gospel by gospel . I had no idea how much the accounts differed from book to book . I enjoyed it and it was easy to follow and read .
 I do n't know what the real truth is but this book brought me closer to my God and gave me a better understanding of my relationship with Him . It helped me realize that many of my feelings and thoughts and questions were true to me , natural . I no longer have to feel that I am unworthy of Him for asking questions of the bible .
 This book is an excellent and enlightening book ; however , I recommend before purchasing this book you choose another introductory book such as Misquoting Jesus . It is imperative you have a good , basic understanding of who the early Christians were and how the text were changed and altered as the canon of the bible came into existence in the first four centuries . Once you have that understanding , purchase this book and keep it permanently in your library . This book delves into the fascinating specifics about Jesus ' mission , teachings , and life .
 The last reviewer argues convincingly that the reason for the omission of the temptation narrative that is not in the Gospel of John is because he was familiar with the other Gospel accounts and therefore did n't add it . The reviewer does a good job of making his argument with one major omission . The reviewer does not tackle the core question of Chapter 5 which is `` How could Satan possibly tempt God ? `` The argument of the author is if Jesus is what the Christian church teaches `` God in human Form '' How could Satan tempt him ? The last reviewer totally ignores this question . The author takes this on in the first paragraph of chapter 5 . `` The Old Testament speaks very little about Satan , who he is , or what he does ; the New Testament gives Satan a much more prominent role largely because of Luke 's `` Temptation '' story . It 's ironic as we move into a discussion of Jesus ' ministry that we have no picture from the Gospel of Him as an ordinary man . Perhaps if we did , the story of His temptation by Satan might be believable . But alas , we are told that Jesus is God and in Him is no darkness , no evil , no deceit . He is perfection . '' Page 40 ; the author bases his statement on the statements made in the Gospel of John verses 1 through 5 . The author goes on to compare the accounts in Matthew , Mark and Luke against each other and the temptation stories . The author then asks a very important question chapter 5 page 40 . `` This is important because the Christian church propagates to the world using , for the most part , the words from John 's Gospel that Jesus is not only the Son of God but that He is God in the form of man . This begs the question I open this chapter with
 This book takes a new look at the New Testament and the teachings of Jesus . Unlike some of the other books on the market touting to give you `` the real Jesus '' Dr. Teel shows a lively and plausible Jesus . Jesus the man , human and compassionate , he strips away the myth and leaves golden nuggets of truth . I like the way Dr. Teel used only the bible to support his argument . The book brought the bible to life for me . I felt as if I were walking through the gospels verse by verse . Dr. Teel is easy to read and understand . He does n't speak over your head but he does speak to your heart . I have a whole new perspective on the bible not only as a Holy book , but as literature , and a new view of the Jesus I thought I knew . The chapters are well laid out to guide the reader through Dr. Teel 's analysis . I really enjoyed the book and have recommended it to all of my friends .
 This book opened up new understanding for me . It covers subjects that I think we have all wondered about at some level , but this book gives us the gift of a better understanding . A must read for seekers of truth .
 This book is a must have , must read by everyone.Especially those like myself who are from Detroit and know about the Y.B.I.first hand.I became a member of Y.B.I. at age 12 . I am now 34 and have a 13 year old son who I 'm going to make sure reads this book to maybe steer clear of the painful , bloody , murderous & cold , cold path that this book reveals.I remember Butch Jones , and personally knew most everyone mentioned in this book . I thank God I 'm alive and able to read it . Because most of my fellow Y.B.I. friends & members are expired as a result of membership.May God have mercy on there souls most of us were just kids . Dwayne -LRB- DUB -RRB- Davis , Ricky -LRB- RENO -RRB- Thomas & Shaun -LRB- ork -RRB- Boyce R.I.P. And last but not least the Dog of Dogs Raymond Peoples R.I.P.
 I read this book at the age of 13 . I was extremely shocked by how they truely depicted the life we live in Detroit . I thought that this book showed that on the streets you got to do what you got to do . This book was extremely helpful in showing my younger siblings that street life was not the way to live . Thanks to this book they have learned to stay away from the gangs and the violence . This book is not a must read it is a must have . So before you critisize Detroit , read this book and see what we must really have to got threw .
 A book that should be read by all high school students , Butch Jones ' autobiography presents a wealth of accumulated knowledge . It is a lesson in economics , philosophy , and Detroit history . Butch Jones , supreme teacher and urban philosopher , turns learning into a game .
 I enjoyed reading this book . I know some of the people that are mentioned in the book and I can recall when all of this was going on . I now have a vision of what happened from the inside out and why things went down the way they did , as was viewed by Butch himself . I reccommened parents of all urban youth to get a copy of this book and let their offspring read and educate them on the pitfalls of the BIG MONEY , DRUG SELLING LIFESTYLE .
 This book details the consequences of unequal wealth distribution and false dreams . As a native Detroiter I was amazed at the accuracy that the book details choices and options that are left for inner-city youth . I do not ANY form condone the actions of Mr. Jones or other Young Boys but I do appreciate the candor that Mr. Jones spoke upon the choices that one is faced with when staring down the evil eyes of poverty . This book should serve as an example for all conservatives who vehemently support the `` bootstrap '' theory . Not all criminals are unintelligant , but when you are hungry and you can be accepted in `` da hood '' and recieve immediate gratification or struggle with `` the man '' , what would you do ?
 Gives you a real eye account of the Drug Dealing and Killing in the streets of inner city Detroit Great Read very easy to follow
 I have yet to read the book but i am planning on it very soon . I am 39 and i not only lived in detroit during that time , but i was indirectly associated with several members of the group . I am proud and glad to see butch turn things around and tell this story . I am hoping that so called `` tough guys '' read this book and learn from it , learn ! I am in a carrer where i try to help young people overcome mental health issues and problems in the streets and in the homes . Because of my past it ; s easier to connect with these children . This book is another step in continuing to open the eyes of our kids . Thanks .
 great book ! Recieved it in excellent condition and read the whole book as soon as i got it . Great perspective on the world and whats been going on for ages .
 Om my i just loved this book , i will read it over and over again and will and have recomended this to many people , the price was ok and the shipping was faster then i had thought it would be . . love it not second guess buying this book
 I read this book twice when it first came out . I remember those days like it was last week . Now that I 'm 33 , I try to tell my Kids how it used to be in the days of Y.B.I. , Young Gunz , and the Chamber Brothers . I still sport my Black and Green gear once in awhile just for the memories . My Crew was located about ten miles south of Detroit , and this book tells it like it is . I 'm going to buy another copy of it so I can show my Kids why they need to stay off that path . Like another reader responded , I lost my Brother and a few close Friends to the game .
 Unlike , the fabricated , contrived tales of these so-called `` gangsta rappers '' -LRB- better known , as `` STUDIO-gangstas , in the hoods of Detroit -RRB- this book tells of the REAL-deal of street hustlin ' along with the not-so glamorous consequences ` of life in the `` game '' ... If you 're looking for a bunch of gangsta `` fairytales `` like T.I. and a lot of other rappers ' from the `` Dirty South '' -LRB- better known as the `` Downy '' - soft , by those in Detroit -LRB- 0ver 400 homicides yearly -RRB- who KNOW , that Atlanta -LRB- LESS than 100 homicides yearly -RRB- , Memphis -LRB- ditto -RRB- and New Orleans -LRB- about 200 yearly -RRB- are -LRB- comparatively -RRB- `` SOFTER `` than pharmacy cotton.and `` sweeter `` than FOUR bake-sales !! -RRB- like to spit out then this book is not for you !! As a lifetime Detroiter , I personally knew about how `` ruthless `` the Young Boys were , and I also knew that wandering over into their hood was a SUICIDAL move to say the least !! These cats had MUCH respect , from one corner of `` tha D `` to the other !! Their status in Detroits ' history is LEGENDARY , and this great book shows you why !! The Los Angeles-based rap group `` O.F.T.B `` once rapped : `` Before -LRB- you 're `` allowed `` to -RRB- `` kick it `` about gangsta -LRB- stuff -RRB- , `` negroes '' -LRB- should -RRB- need a `` LICENSE '' !! And yes , Butch Jones `` HAS `` earned `` such a license , but `` T.I `` and `` Lil Wayne `` have NOT !!
 I am proud of the way Butch made all that money from the streets and while doing it , he exposes the hypocrisy of the government that tries to bring him down . they charge him with running a criminal enterprise , yet the government controls liquor , `` pharmacueticals '' , and cigarettes which is equally or more damaging than heroine . This was a story was really one of the best books Ive ever read , honestly ... because its based on a true story . Someone needs to make a movie out of this quick !!! I wonder who would play Butch ...
 People who read Doblin must be ready for surprises . This German writer -LRB- 1878-1957 -RRB- , who was a contemporary of Thomas Mann and Franz Kafka , was a tireless experimenter who never did anything twice . He is best known for `` Berlin Alexanderplatz '' -LRB- 1929 -RRB- , his modernist novel about big city life which is strongly influenced by Joyce 's stream of consciousness techniques . `` Tales of a Long Night '' is D&ouml;blin 's last novel and it was written in the year after the end of the Second World War.Coming to terms with the war seems to be the where the novel starts . Edward Allison , a young English soldier , is wounded in a kamikaze attack on his battleship . He loses a leg and is taken to a mental hospital after his return to England . After his mother has succeeded in getting him back to the family home , Edward haunts the house like a ghost
 Over the past year or two the German novelist Alfred Doblin has aroused more interest in this country than he ever did during his lifetime , thanks partly to Rainer Werner Fassbinder 's film version of '' Berlin Alexanderplatz '' and partly to the appearance of an English translation of '' November 1918 , '' Doblin 's trilogy about the abortive German revolution led by Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht . '' Tales of a Long Night '' is the story of a young Englishman called Edward Allison who loses a leg during World War II and returns home a nervous as well as a physical wreck , tormented by doubt and anger , and obsessed with what seems to him the mystery of where the blame for the war really lies . He is released from a clinic in the hope that living among his family will hasten his cure , but he simply transfers his fixation with hidden guilt to the domestic front . Why does his father - a successful author - seem to reject him ? What is the secret struggle being waged between his parents ? Why does he feel that he is the child of a tainted past?In an effort to exorcise his demons , the Allisons and their friends start telling a series of stories , many of them variations on ancient myths and legends . Some of these tales serve to reveal the character of the storyteller , others as a riposte or as a comment on what has gone before . All of them are meant to advance the psychological and spiritual action.Many of the tales of D `` oblin 's long night have an undoubted lurid power . But there are too many of them , and they ramify too rapidly . We move through an expressionist phantasmagoria from a wayward bus in Los Angeles to Pluto and Proserpina , by way of Michelangelo and Salome and a mock-medieval tale about the Virgin . Edward 's mother , Alice Allison -LRB- a significant name , we can be sure -RRB- , spins variants of a story about a mother who waits for her son to come back from the war , now in Montmartre , now in Germany , and elaborates on the already elaborate legend of her patron saint , Theodora . In the final stages of the book the distinction between framework and fantasy starts to break down completely . Yet through the haze it is possible to discern a continuous story unfolding . The unreality is heightened by an English setting that is in some respects quite weirdly un-English . At its deepest levels it is heavily colored by Doblin 's religious convictions - an agnostic Jew , he converted to Roman Catholicism in 1940 - and there can be no doubting the seriousness with which he devotes himself to major themes .
 As Alexander Barrie makes clear tunneling became an integral part of allied strategy . `` Conditions were good for mining - an old-established seige-war technique . When they found themselves baulked on the surface , both sides began to burrow beneath each other 's lines to lay and fire heavy explosive charges . '' `` A separate , almost private war between rival sappers started , It was a three-year , bloody , claustrophobic , uncomfortable , primitive , exhausting war-within-a-war . Military experts predict that noting like it will ever again be seen . `` Barrie describes the formation of the tunneling companies and the development of the techniques and strategies they employed . Based on interview with former tunellers and published military histories Barrie has constructed a history based around the activities of John Norton Griffiths who was instrumental in establishing the first tunneling companies.But it is the sheer size of the mining activities that is most surprising . By the height of the mining war 20,000 men were actively engaged on each side and hundreds of miles of tunnels were completed before the end of the war.This book gives a vivid account of a type of warfare that will thankfully never be seen again .
 This is a wonderful Christian-directed set of lesson plans for pre-K and Kindy age children . They are very well thought out and a wonderful tool for teaching young children ! A must-have !
 I just got a chance to use the lesson plans . They are wonderful . Very thorough and very fun ! Keep up the great work !!
 These lessons are great ! They are organized and easy to use with fun activities for parents and kids . Thanks for putting these together !
 well organized , educational , and so much fun for all ages ! I love these lessons and am so thrilled to find something that teaches from a creation perspective . I would love something like this for my tweens .
 Very happy with these lesson plans . Most helpful and well set out . A wide variety of interesting topics . I highly recommend them .
 This is a wonderful wealth of curriculum for parents who are interested in teaching their preschoolers ! It has wonderful Christian resources and I highly recommend it !
 Well organized and perfect for my pre-schooler ! It is wonderful to have the option of choosing Christian lessons plans and ones that are so well thought out and creative . Well done , Mrs. Joslin !
 These lesson plans are a wonderful resource to have on hand either for `` School time '' or even a rainy day that has moms and kids trapped inside ! They are well balanced , touch on all the learning styles , and offer a variety of creative ideas to make learning fun .
 I found that this was very helpful learning material for young preschool aged children ... you wo n't be disappointed in this product !!
 For students of intelligence history , this book or the unabridged audiotape set is a good beginning for learning how the world intelligence community began and evolved . It only covers the major players of the Cold War . I do n't believe China or Mossad are mentioned at all . It stops in the 1990s and I wish there was someone who could update it with the same sense of fun the original author had .
 If you want a short indroduction to Chekhov , this Dover Thrift Edition is a great value . This edition uses older translations because in order to offer such an unbelievable value , the editor must use text that is not copyright protected . I found the translations used to be readible and I enjoyed the character development . Chekhov is not O'Henry ... i.e , the stories in this book do not have tremendous plot development and surprise or ironic twists . Rather , he seeks to give a slice of life in the Tzarist Russsia of his day . Four of the stories are slices of life of fairly well off members of Russian society or , at least , Russian upper middle class . One , appropriately entitled `` The Peasants '' is indeed a story about the lives of peasants . I enjoyed all of the stories but , my favorite was `` The Lady With the Toy Dog , '' which explored the age old phenomenon of extramarital affairs and the tragedy of forbidden love . Chekhov explores the chraracters ' emotions , in this story , without being judgmental one way or the other . Another engaging story is `` The Black Monk '' which explores happiness in one 's delusions as opposed to unhappiness in the real world -LRB- or was the main character 's vision a delusion at all ? -RRB- . Like I say , the translations are not the latest and only five stories are included but this is a five star value . The book has made me interested -LRB- when I have more time -RRB- to explore a larger volume of Chekhov 's stories so , this edition has fulfilled its task well .
 For those who wonder what Anton Chekhov is about but do n't like reading plays , Dover Thrift Edition 's ` Five Great Short Stories ' is a good introduction to the universe of the Russian writer . Sure his short tales are not as good as his plays , namely `` The Seagull '' , but they give a fair dimension of this style and interests.And his interests lay rather in the development of the characters psyche than plots twists or an elaborated story . His stories are more about creating an atmosphere than drowning the characters into it . See the first story , for example , `` The Black Monk '' . It is actually a study of the madness , or , for some , the portrait of a supernatural situation . It depends on which side you are coming from.Another good example is `` The Lady with the Toy Dog '' , probably my favorite Chekhov short story . The characters are so real and human that it is not impossible to suffer with them . Like in most of his work , the author tackles with sociological and psychological analyzes of the people he has created -- and they end up being as a metaphor for all the human kind , be them Russian or not.Once enjoying this book , the reader can move to more of the Russian author . There are plenty of short stories and wonderful plays to be discovered .
 Chekhov 's writing shines in this collection . The stories are nice and short -- easy to read when you have 15-20 minutes to spare . If you like these , I recommend you read some of his short novels and of course , his four excellent plays .
 One problem with this Dover edition is the footnotes refer back to previous identical footnotes . This stops the flow of reading because the reader has to page back . There 's no reason not to just repeat the footnote . Chekhov presents even these long-named Russian characters as individuals with defined personalities . The plot is simple or nonexistent . It serves only as background for character development . I 'd be reading along and all of a sudden stop dead by a thought so authentic and original that I 'd have to highlight it . Then reread it . Then think about it . That 's the singular trait which makes Chekhov a writer worth reading .
 The stories are good , but the names are long and confusing and also some stories become confusing with the choice of words chosen by the author . Overall , though , a good book .
 This book is a seminal piece of work documenting the California Abalone Industry . This is a must - read for marine enthusiasts and divers alike . The author obviously put considerable effort in collecting factual historical data , events and photographs to produce this one-of-a-kind book.With the declining population of Abalone in California , the book captures the many personalities of the diving and abalone industries and clearly explains the equipment and techniques used from early days to modern times.A great addition to any diving or maritime library , we continue to use the text as a reference in our teaching and training of Marine Diving Technology at Santa Barbara City College.-Don BarthelmessDirector , Marine Diving Technology Department Santa Barbara City College
 This book is very special because the author has recorded the firsthand stories of many of the key people that played a roll in this fascinating industry . Hundreds of photos , some dating back to the nineteenth century , compliment the text .
 Wonderful writing , slow and steady and relentless as a long walk on a hot day on a dusty road in the deep south . Tragic central story of a proud black man who has tried to live as just Man , not black man , and suffers for it when he is wrongfully accused of murdering a white woman , a woman who for many years was his lover . The further you read , the more certain you are that this can not end well - but no way can you stop reading.Classic Faulkner at his best , with the typical huge cast of ` characters ' -LRB- in every sense of the word -RRB- and side plots .
 `` Intruder in the Dust '' wraps a fine mystery around and through a story that could only happen in Faulkner country , yet is a timeless monument to man 's stubbornness , stupidity and honor . Mr. Faulkner enfolds his prose around you like kudzu and makes you part of his world.In a small Mississippi town in 1948 , black Lucas Beauchamp is wrongfully arrested for shooting white Vinson Cowrie in the back . Sixteen-year old Charles Mallison owes Lucas a debt of honor incurred four years ago . Lucas hires Charles ' cynical uncle , Gavin Stevens , to defend him . The most pressing matter is not Lucas ' guilt or innocence ; it is keeping him from getting lynched before he is arraigned . Lucas is a nightmare of a client . He is stubborn , stiff necked and proud . He dresses like an old time plantation owner and neither owes nor accepts favors from anyone . Uncle Gavin is trying to save Lucas ' neck while Charles is trying to clear him . Gavin laments that Lucas would be easier to keep alive if `` he would just ACT like a n -- r. '' This Lucas refuses to do . There is body snatching , graveyards at night and some thoroughly frightening characters to liven up the journey.Another reviewer mentioned `` drunk on his prose , '' and it is a very apt description . It works best if read aloud ; you will find Faulkner 's rhythm and make it your own . The long sentences do n't trouble if you just let his prose carry you along . Mr. Faulkner thinks any southern woman over 35 years old is a secret Amazon of quiet strength and fortitude , which makes for interesting characters , but is a little hard on credibility . There is long section on how `` outsiders '' -LRB- read `` Northerners '' -RRB- have interfered and thereby delayed integration . However true or false this may be , it slowed the story down and seemed tacked on . `` Intruder in the Dust '' is not generally ranked with `` premier '' Faulkner -LRB- `` Light in August , '' `` Absalom , Absalom ! '' -RRB- , but it stands on its own as a fine read and certainly is one of his best post-WWII books.-sweetmolly-Amazon Reviewer
 No it 's not one of Faulkner 's `` big four '' -LRB- the classics `` The Sound and the Fury , '' `` As I Lay Dying , '' `` Light in August '' and `` Absalom ! Absalom ! '' -RRB- , but `` Intruder in the Dust '' is certainly in his next tier of top novels , and is the one book that can fly in the face of the `` he never wrote anything great after World War II '' way of thinking . I enjoyed this book immensely . Yes , the sentences tend to be extremely long and the book is slow to get going , but find Faulkner 's rhythm and stick with the story ; you 'll be glad you did . As always , the highlight is Faulkner 's beautiful use of language , which always towers over whatever story he 's writing and whatever flaws you may stumble upon along the way . This story of a black man wrongly accused of murder does n't always go where you think it will or even where you want it to , but somehow it works brilliantly . Faulkner throws in his take -LRB- apparently -RRB- on how the South should handle civil rights on its own -- not really necessary to include and a small flaw in the book , I think . But stick with it , get drunk on the prose and enjoy an underappreciated work from a master . This relatively short book will be over too soon .
 After twenty years of writing experimental fiction and Hollywood screenplays , Faulkner seemed destined to create a novel like `` Intruder in the Dust '' -- a noir-ish mystery set in Yoknapatawpha County , Mississippi , that incorporates his signature prose style into a continuing commentary on race relations in the South . The premise of the accusation of a black man for the murder of a white man may seem too facile , but the novel does not rely solely or even primarily on plot-driven intrigue ; it is the criminal aspect only as it relates to the prevalent social attitudes that generates interest.One day a local white man named Vinson Gowrie is found shot to death , and a black man named Lucas Beauchamp is arrested at the scene and charged with the murder . In this part of the country at this time in history , a black man who is even suspected of murdering a white man is in danger of being lynched , especially by people like Gowrie 's relatives , who are from a particularly rough and bloodthirsty enclave living in an area called Beat Four.The story is told in the third person but from the viewpoint of a white boy named Charles `` Chick '' Mallison , who in the past has tried to befriend the solitary but kind Beauchamp and is convinced of his innocence . With the help of his uncle Gavin Stevens , a lawyer who decides to represent Beauchamp , his black friend Aleck Sander , and an elderly spinster named Miss Habersham , Chick investigates the matter and discovers , unsurprisingly , that there is more to the case than initially meets the eye.This sounds like generic pulp detective stuff , and indeed there is not much to say about the plot except that it involves a lumber scam , quicksand , a false grave , and a real culprit who is not too bright ; but what makes this novel worth reading is the insight it gives about how easily in this milieu a black man can conveniently take the heat for a white man 's crime , regardless of provability of guilt , and the ethical implications that arise from this situation . There is a particular manner in which the characters communicate with each other that reveals this information , conveying Faulkner 's sublime sense of the range of personal moralities.Faulkner has several narrative modes at his disposal , and the one he chooses here is similar to that of `` Absalom ! Absalom ! '' , employing impossibly long and syntactically deformed run-on sentences that compress copious visual detail into quickly moving scenic impressions . This technique could annoy many , but for those who know how to `` read '' Faulkner , it may be accepted as a characteristic part of the package . I 'd place `` Intruder in the Dust '' somewhat below `` Sanctuary '' as an aesthetic achievement , but I still commend it as satisfying , like that tasty last bit of dessert after a full meal .
 This novel has a traditional detective story plot and a conventional attitude about race relations -LRB- although it was progressive for the South in the late 40s -RRB- . After that , all bets are off . The style is like a thicket , but that 's because Faulkner puts you into the head of a confused boy caught up in events beyond his control . Chick Mallison is white , and his friend Aleck Sander is black -LRB- Aleck Sander does n't know his name is n't two words , because he ca n't read or write -RRB- . The paired adult characters of equivalent race are Chick 's uncle , Gavin Stevens , a lawyer , who defends Lucas Beauchamp -LRB- pronounced `` Beecham '' -RRB- , a black tenant farmer accused of a murder he did n't commit by the people who did it . They know that in a prejudiced society , white people are likely to believe a black man is guilty , so they try to palm it off on him . Lucas is a rather severe character who often does n't seem to appreciate the help he 's getting -LRB- part of the plot involves trying to prevent the citizens from pulling him out of jail and lynching him -RRB- , but he 's a marvelous character and something of a father figure to Chick by the end of the book . Reading the book is a bit of a chore at first , but I got through it in high school years ago , and am reading it now for the third time . If you want some help getting into the book , you might try a `` Masterplots '' description of it or a reader 's guide to Faulkner -LRB- there are several around -RRB- . You might also look for the 1949 film based on the book , which was filmed in Faulkner 's home town of Oxford , Mississippi , with local citizens as extras , and with the great Juano Hernandez playing Lucas .
 I am in 11th grade , and my hackles naturally went up upon reading the several reviews written by high schoolers on the subject of this novel . Do not be put off by such efforts to defile a masterpiece . This is one of the most profound and convincing novels I have ever read.Tolstoy once wrote that the success of any work of art depends ultimately upon the artist 's maintaining an `` independent moral relation '' to his subject , and that he who does not bring to his work a fresh and enlightened view of the universe will invariably fail in attempting to create good art . Applying this criterion to Intruder in the Dust , Faulkner 's novel stands as a paradigm of great art ; for its moral scope and philosophical perspective are singularly awesome . Faulkner is simultaneously sympathetic toward and critical of that Southern society which serves as his subject , and yet he manages never to stoop to petty preaching or outright sermonizing . His work is a marvel of artistic delicacy and intensity . Bravo .
 Those who follow the AP Book of Rules for writing -LRB- i.e. , subject , predicate , no commas , no decora -RRB- will have a tough time negotiating Faulkner 's peregrinating sentences , but it 's worth it . This book delivers several experiences at one time
 This novel is not only a supervivid representation of the ugly and cowardly side of racism , but also one of the best coming of age stories I 've ever read . Funny as well as emotional detail , and between the lines , Faulkner explores and displays in all their glory and infamy the connections between families , friends , strangers , and enemies , to a point further than others are brave enough to go .
 ... the `` owner '' of which was a man who said `` mister '' to whites , but did not really mean it . The meal was served to 12 year old Charles Mallison , after he had fallen in an icy pond , and the server , who did n't mean mister , was Lucas Beauchamp . Four years later the `` bill '' for those collard greens would come due , and it would be Mallison 's actions that would save Beauchamp 's life . `` Intruder in the Dust '' is one of Faulkner 's later works , written just after World War II . The perennial themes of his works are exhibited
 Probably one of the most intense books I 've ever read -- well worth the effort . People complain about the way it 's written , but although English is not my native language , I do not find this book particularly difficult to read . If you insist on correct grammar and every comma in place , this is not your book -- if you look for a book that is both honest and provocative , search no more .
 For everyone that loves John Grisham , and his legal thrillers.You really owe it to yourself to read Faulkner . Once you capturehis rant , and learn to wade through his long sentences-you willbe glued to this novel . His writing pattern and imagery areaddictive , and you will want to learn more about him and otherMississippi writers like Larry Brown , and Barry Hannah -- notthe millionaire from Oxford .
 For an insightful look into the American Dream and the contradictions and hollowness that lie at its core . Contains some of the most memorable imagery by Faulkner
 I had been looking for William Faulkner 's `` Intruder in the Dust '' , because I wanted to have Charlie Mallison 's quote about Pickett 's Charge on file.The copy sent to me was hard cover , 16th printing of the first edition , in excellent shape , and meets my requirements in every way.I am totally satisfied .
 he purposely made the sentences long like that for a reason . through his style , he was trying to show you the mindset of people in the South after World War 2 . If you do n't understand why he made that choice , do n't go off saying that it 's just poor writing , you are making yourself sound stupid like that .
 I love to read and Faulkner is at his best in this book . It is not an easy romp through the pages , but with patience and the ability to watch for key nouns and verbs , you will enjoy this book with the layers of intrigue it offers . Kind of like peeling an onion to get to the core . Faulkner 's style is unmistakable and takes some practice to enjoy and decipher . Few beginning readers should be turned loose on their own to cut their literary teeth on this author , however .
 We are in the South , in a rural city and area . A crime is committed , a white man is shot dead and an old black man is arrested for it on Saturday night , red-handed , because he was next to the dead shot body with a gun in his pocket . This black man has had a past of refusing samboism . He always behaved in a non standard way for a black man in the South . No question is asked . A lawyer is called by the black man and the lawyer does not ask questions and assumes the black man is guilty of the crime he is accused of committing . It will take a white teenager -LRB- 16 and the lawyer 's nephew -RRB- , a black teenager -LRB- his friend -RRB- and a white older lady with a truck to accept to go and explore the grave of the dead man on the request of the black man . They find out the man in the grave is not the man it should be , but is another assassinated white man . And then the plot thickens tremendously because these three people plus the lawyer will manage to take over and convince the sheriff to go investigate this tomb with them . The father and two sons of the victim have been summoned by the sheriff . The two sons will dig out the grave and find it empty . Then they all manage to find the body the teenagers and the woman had found more or less carelessly hidden in some sand and the body of the first assassinated person in a patch of quicksand . The black man is definitely saved . The criminal will be found out to be a fourth son of the old man , a brother of the victim himself because the murdering brother was cheating some wood out of a forest patch that was being cut down and sawn into boards to be sold later on , at a profit of course , from the assassinated brother with an accomplice , the second man who was killed two days later and hidden in the assassinated brother 's tomb . This murdering brother will be forced to commit suicide in jail for the white community not to have a trial , not to have to hang a white man for the killing of two white men while at first a black man had been accused and had by pure chance escaped a lynching . But the book is interesting for a lot more than this murder plot . It is no thriller because we nearly know from the very start that the lynching will not happen . The interest of the book is in the narrator who looks at the situation and events through the sole eyes of the lawyer 's nephew that is always referred to as `` he '' , third person singular , and never with a name . This awkward narration creates a distanciation in the fictional voyeurism of the book that kind of keeps us active and alert . The second interest is in the long speeches and explanations the lawyer delivers to his nephew in order to initiate him to adulthood . The discourse is a general speculation about racism , samboism , the liberation of black people or rather of the South from this samboism and racism , how it can only happen from inside and not from outside , the reaction of the whites in front of this accused black and the possibility or impossibility of a lynching , etc. . It is a close examination of the racial conscience of the South , and not only the whites , but also the blacks . The third interest is in the initiation of this young teenager that goes far beyond only understanding the southern mind , the southern past and future , the southern race relations and how to free them from the heritage of slavery and the end of it imposed from outside . It has to do with physical growing and even the sexual or emotional levels of that growing , how some sexual emotion can appear in the strangest of all situations and distort the teenager 's vision for a while . Finally it also depicts the complexity and beauty , contradictory confusion and clarity of their mentality and consciousness , or unconsciousness . Faulkner has it all wrong as for how the liberation of the blacks will come , but it does not matter
 Excellent novel about a black man -LRB- Lucas Beauchamp -RRB- falsely accused of murdering a white man and the boy who believes him and sets out to prove his innocence . On the one hand , it 's about sticking to your guns when you know a man is being wronged -LRB- `` Some things you must always be unable to bear . Some things you must never stop refusing to bear . Injustice and outrage and dishonor and shame . No matter how young you are or how old you have got . Not for kudos and not for cash
 This is a story about a post-Civil War pre-civil rights southern town that almost gets up the gumption to lynch a falsely accused black man . This is also the coming-of-age story of one Chick Mallison , I think his last name is , who takes the initiative to prove the accused innocent . This is a platform for Faulkner to vent some political views through Chick 's uncle , a successful southern lawyer who defends the prisoner . There 's nothing really new about any of these themes.Really and truly what makes this book one to be remembered is that somehow Faulkner managed to write in such a way that he captured the way time and thought bend , expand and contract around each other . It would be impossible to give you a taste of this without inserting a quote that 's two pages long , but once you get caught up in his long dream-like stream-of-consciousness flows , you almost find yourself jerking back to reality along with Chick when he is moving in and out of a sleep state over his breakfast after a long night of digging up graves and eluding murderers.Faulkner also manages to capture the ambiguous emotions that we all have around the powerful events and people in our lives . No human emotion or action is ever purely black or white ; in Chick 's case we get to hear all of the inner voices -- need for love and approval , order and security ; shame , anger , pity , wonder , fear , love -- really I could go on and on , but the point is that they are mixed and presented on the page in the way that our emotions are -- a constant flow of thoughts and voices , sometimes linked , sometimes random , sometimes contradictory , and often below the surface of our conscious mind.In truth , I have never really read anybody else who writes like this . I read the Sound and the Fury in my early twenties and found it a bit daunting , but now having read As I Lay Dying and Intruder in the Dust -LRB- at the age of 34 -RRB- I think I 'd like to give it another read , along with the rest of his works . By the way , for those of you who are struggling with any of Faulkner 's works , try picking up a literary bio that explains the order in which he wrote them , where he was in his life , and what he was experimenting with -LRB- and I do n't mean drugs -RRB- . I have found all of that info to be enormously helpful and a spur to further reading . Good luck !
 While not one of Faulkner 's classics , this book is a fine introduction to the writer , his myth , his style and his story telling . While it appears on the surface to be a mystery , the book is deeply involved with southern consciousness attempting to deal with its own racial identity and the perceived impossibility of resolving it . Chick Mallison 's quote regarding Pickett 's Charge is the core of this work . `` For every Southern boy fourteen years old , not once but whenever he wants it , there is the instant when it 's still not yet two o'clock on that July afternoon in 1863 ... '' Seems to me that there are still a lot of folks trying to work that out.Faulkner is never easy to read . It is dangerous art , and requires work on the part of the reader . If that is not your cup of tea , stay away . Ignore the one-star reviews written by the impatient people who seem to think that literature should be as easy to read , approachable and safe . If you are willing to do the work , there is great treasure in Yoknapatawpha County.In regards to the one-star review by the gentleman who intercepted the book because his fourteen year old had been asked to read it as a class assignment
 I had to choose a novel for an independent reading assignment , so of course , being the striver I am , I had to choose an obscure Faulkner novel . I thought the book was excellent . Faulkner 's rich prose helped to develop his deeply southern charachters . The culture of the South and it 's deeply imbedded morals were brought out through Faulkner 's lengthy sentences and gothic elements such as suspense and enhanced senses . The coming of age story of Chick Mallison and several subplots gave the novel many layers with which to envelop the reader . Overall , the novel turned out to be a tough read that was well worth the time .
 Stream of consciousness is not an easy form to read , but it is well worth the effort . This book is actually a mystery , so the ambiguities of the form are appropriate to the story . The language is poetic , very Southern . It reads like a murmur , a drawl . I tried to say it in my Brooklyn accent , and it does n't work . It takes place in Mississippi in 1948 , at the beginning of the civil rights movements in this country and addresses some of the questions raised by the sentiments in Congress at the time , in a very literary way . The characters are three-dimensional and paint a picture of the town
 This is not my favorite Faulkner book , but it 's not painful . However , it is a really interesting read for anyone familiar with To Kill a Mockingbird as it becomes exceedingly clear that Harper Lee ripped off an enormous amount from this book . Ok , I know , good writers borrow , great writers steal , but beyond the general plot similarity
 &#34; Intruder in the Dust &#34; is another of the many faces -LRB- or facets -RRB- of William Faulkner . It 's a fascinating tale of the efforts of two boys -LRB- one white , one black -RRB- to save the life of a Mississippi black man accused of shooting a white man in the back . The writing includes some of Faulkner 's interesting -- and to some readers , maddening -- techniques of writing , including motives , thoughts , scenes described in the negative -LRB- what they are not -RRB- and the use of multiple nearly synonymous verbs side by side , as if he could n't make up his mind which to use . While that may be true , I prefer to see it as his attempt to find the most precise nuance to given actions in which a single word does n't quite &#34; get it . &#34;
 Panned by critics and written strictly to make money , I still find the story compelling and Faulkner 's treatment of it excellent .
 Although not one of his major novels , Faulkner proves his worth in this unrelenting account of social conditions in the deep South . It accounts the quest of a young white child attempting to assert himself as an adult in the white society of Jefferson . His quest hangs on the thin line of life and death of a human being . Though some readers may find this book complex and at times a difficult read
 Okay ... So the run on sentences and the page long paragraphs get a little old and annoying ... However , under all of this is a very intriguing mystery novel ... Who actually killed Vinson Gowrie and how did Jake Montgomery end up in his grave ? Read and find out ! However , one must be patient with Faulkner for he makes you work for every element of the story you get from his books ... He 's also one of those authors that you just have to keep reading...Re-reading pages is n't the best idea ...
 Of all the travel books we have used , this one of Frommers is the best . Its appeal , however , is for people who like recommendations of the best items - like best places to visit , best B&B 's , etc. . We find it saves us a great deal of planning time to FIRST focus on the section at the start of the book when we start organizing a trip . Later , we add items which we want to do which may not be as popular with everyone .
 I actually used the 2006 version for my travel to Alaska last year . It was absolutely invaluable . I also own Frommer 's Caribbean , NYC Pocket guide , Florida and Walt Disney World and Orlando . This book is by far the best of all those guides . The author lives in and loves Alaska , and this shines through the writing . It 's very helpful when trying to decide what to see and do in such a large state with so many natural wonders.He also includes very practical information and does everything he can to ensure that those of little or high means can manage their dream trip to Alaska . He is very candid and meticulous throughout . We 've found his recommendations to be right on the money . Might I also suggest picking up the `` milepost '' magazine from Alaska for more in depth -LRB- though dry -RRB- info on all your drives . It helped us to see a lot that we would n't have otherwise seen on the drive to Denali . We will definitely go back !!!!
 This book is a great resource for planning an Alaskan adventure . Area by area recommendations and descriptions are given to help the reader determine how best to meet his/her vacation goals.Especially helpful are the web addresses for individual services and locations , as well as the recommendations for the slightly-lesser known and -LRB- in the author 's opinion -RRB- less crowded activities and the corresponding suggestions for how to beat crowds and how to plan ahead to have the experience you want.The general over-view information of each area also helps give the reader a good impression of the area and what the overall experience of the area would be like.A very thorough book .
 The Best of Alaska chapter -LRB- Chapter 1 -RRB- helped my family decide which sights and activities we were most interested in for each port of call . The phone numbers , websites , prices , business hours , and detailed descriptions were extremely useful in booking and planning our daily activities . The mile by mile outline of points of interests in The Seward Highway
 This is a good summary book to have . I found it informative . Although this book by itself is not enough for planning a trip to Alaska . It gives highlights but I found myself needing additional information.A good buy
 Great reviews on places to go throughout the state . I always like to visit the restaurants that the locals go and Frommer lets you know where they are at . If you are going to Denali National Park , make sure you pick up a copy of Discovering Denali .
 I read this book cover to cover . The best resource guide I used for planning what I really wanted to see on a 10 day Alaska trip using a rented RV out of Ankorage . Very valualbe guide and opinions on everything from sites to see and resturants to go to . Used this book and Milepost to plan my trip .
 This book was right on ! It led us to just the right restaurants on our vacation that we would have never tried on our own ! So glad I studied up to make it the trip of a lifetime !
 This book is all you really need to go to Alaska . If you are a fan of Frommers products you will not be dissapointed . It 's a thorough and accurate overview of all the basics needed when planning an Alaskan getaway .
 I received the 2008 edition for Christmas ... true to Frommer 's form . Great `` Best of Alaska `` and `` Planning your Trip '' chapters ... good inter-net links and current contact phone numbers.Nice section of `` Alaska in Depth . ''
 What more can one say about Frommer ? You ca n't , or should n't , take any trip without taking along Frommer 's reviews/commentary , and what to see and do books . Our trip to Alaska was just fantastic , and the information provided in it on everything from travel by cruise ship , history and what land tours to take was outstanding . I purchased the book -LRB- and others like it -RRB- from Amazon , and they all arrived in a timely manner , and the `` price was right '' .
 This book has been very informative in helping us to select which cruise line , tours and offshore excursions we plan to take advantage of while in Alaska . I highly recommend reading this BEFORE BOOKING and taking it along as a guide on your trip . It gives insider tips you may not have thought about when planning a trip . JPB
 Doing a road trip via Motor Home ... great explanations of camp sites , fishing , etc. . Very helpful for a first time visitor for sure !
 Excellent book . Gave us very good tips for B&B 's in Ketchikan .
 Very informative . Has helped us make decisions on where to go and where not to go on our upcoming trip to Alaska this summer .
 This book is making me excited for my Trip this year . I am so looking forward .
 Classic Frommer 's guide with all the info needed to get started in an unfamiliar place .
 My wife and I have one son and she came across this book for herself . Once she completed it , she felt it would be interesting for me to read it . I am glad she insisted . A brilliant book that provides great insight into a relationship between mother and son . I suggest the both parents read this book !
 The Search for 11:11 takes us into the reality where we begin to discover how Heaven reaches down to us to help us . George 's experiences are a thrilling journey into this greatly unknown realm , and he sheds the light of his partnership with the celestials in a humorful and compelling manner.Many of us have had highly coincidential experiences , even our own 11:11 wake-up calls and promptings . I found his sharing of his accounts with the Spirit Guardians an intriguing look at how loved , guided , and cherished we are by a huge celestial reality that staggers our imagination.Highly recommended if you are on a serious quest for answers about the significance of the 11:11 phenomenon or if you 've had personal experience of 11:11 but were n't sure what it was all about .
 Answers to life 's baffling questions . This book relates George Barnards ' discovery of celestial beings , beings who are constantly present on Earth and have been for many thousands of years . These beings -LRB- also called MidWayers , because they 're sort of in the middle of where humans and other celestials are -RRB- abound in large numbers around Earth and can be requested for all kinds of help . They 're very experienced , loving and helpful . They can only be seen by people with special gifts like George Barnard but might already have helped you or someone you know without your knowing . These cousins of ours are contantly working to help the poor , the sick and the downtrodden of the planet . Read more about these fantastic beings in this very readable and often very funny book ` The Search for 11:11 ' . George has done a great job putting this first in the series of 3 books and I heartily recommend this book to all seekers .
 `` The Universe is Friendly ! `` I remember the very first time I heard someone say , `` The Universe is Friendly ! '' And my immediate reply was , `` Yeah right ! `` Well , after an afternoon , and the better part of the following day of reading George Barnard 's `` The Search for 11:11 '' , I am totally convinced that this Universe is , indeed , very friendly.60-Year-old George takes us along on his adventures of many decades with a group of friendly Celestial Helpers that are known as Midwayers.Are they Beings from other planets ? Are they Extraterrestrials ? You decide!There is no doubt as to the excitement and uniqueness of his adventures . And you may discover this for yourself , as if you were another client in the steady stream of patients that frequented his busy clinic . You may well find yourself relating , totally , and discover yourself healed by both George 's and his Celestial Ministrators ' ministrations.Do I advise you to read this book ? I assure you that I have never experienced such a wonderful and rewarding adventure in merely reading a book . I do not like novels . But is this a novel , or one of the most outstanding , and well written self help books of our generation?Is it fact or fiction ? Will fiction heal you ? These are questions that you will definitely receive some stirring answers to , on your own adventures in the search for 11:11 . I highly recommend that as soon as is earthy possible you set your priority on discovering how very friendly and people-oriented these beings are . You will wonder , as I did , whether it was reality or insanity for so many of us to banish those invisible beings of our childhood imagination .
 I want to tell you how very much I enjoyed reading `` The Search for 11:11 . '' It is one of those `` I ca n't put it down '' type of books ; and I was totally fascinated all the way through . Not only is it a great job of writing ; but , I am most grateful for being able to share your experiences . You may not realize how wonderful that is for one like me who has never been privileged see or hear a midway creature .
 Did you ever wonder about the synchronicities in your life ? Ever look at the clock only to see it say 11:11 , again and again ? Maybe these are hints to your connection with the universe and the spirits that inhabit it . Pay attention and grab a copy of this book . George Barnard has paid attention and has been working in the service of the 1,111 spirit guardians that are the permanent residents of this planet and these are his stories . Read this book and then think about your own opportunities.Something 's happening hereWhat it is ai n't exactly clear-Buffalo Springfield -
 I want to tell you how very much I enjoyed reading `` The Search for 11:11 . '' It is one of those `` I ca n't put it down '' type of books ; and I was totally fascinated all the way through . Not only is it a great job of writing ; but , I am most grateful for being able to share your experiences . You may not realize how wonderful that is for one like me who has never been privileged see or hear a midway creature .
 The Search for the 11:11 is a thoroughly enjoyable ` read ' . It is very well written with a generous dose of humor , as well as thought provoking . The stories within are fascinating and the reader 's interest remains keen from beginning to end -- and the ` end ' comes much too soon . It leaves you ` hungry ' for the next one -- surely there must be more . Highly recommended .
 This is an intriguing book . It is not hard to read , although George does have an unusual sense of humour and style . It 's probably due to being of European -LRB- Dutch/French -RRB- extraction and sunburnt in Australia.George tells of his personal experiences with spirit beings which has gone on most of his life , and allowed him to be a powerful healer of some troubled souls . As far as I know , George is the first to have documented contact with these midwayers , hence the name 11:11 . He has promised that there are more books to follow ! We await with great interest .
 I also found this $ 75 book to be more valuable than a $ 1000 `` No Pass No Pay '' Family Medicine Review Course . While that review course really delivered excellent information , little of it actually appeared on the exam . In contrast , this book contains questions very close to what you actually see on the test . Sure there are little mistakes and some annoying repetition of topics but nothing any of us could not get beyond . If you are not doing general geriatric and pediatric care or obstetrics , this book serves as a great starting point to explore the latest thinking . Similarly , if you do n't do primary care , make sure to memorize the USPSTF and ACIP guidelines . Most importantly , do as many questions as you can from the ABFM website . I passed with above average scores but would have done even better if I had reviewed more of their sample questions . Good Luck .
 After taking the recert . exam , I found that Bratton 's review helped more than the 40 + hour review `` boot camp '' that I attented . Question foremat was very similar to the board exam .
 Family Practice Board Review is an excellent review of core subjects in family medicine . The text provides a breadth of coverage of information that commonly appears on the Board exam . The questions help to identify areas of weakness in the family medicine knoweldge base such that further , deeper study can become focused . The test questions are written in the style of the Board exam ; this provides good practice for the real exam . My friend recently took the computerized version of the Board exam and said that the Bratton text helped him to study and pass . I highly recommend it , especially for family medicine resident physicians .
 This is very helpful for last minute review . Obviously not up to date on the hottest topics , but overall very good on general topics . Excellent question and answer format . With older intraining exams , questions at familypractice.org , and this review , you 'll breeze through the exam . Good luck !
 This is a comprehensive review of important subjects in Family Practice . It includes a cd-rom for those of us who are computer users . I would recommend this as a good form of review for the last 2 weeks before boards
 Just took my FP board . I used this book for the quick review 2 weeks prior to exam and I think it did help me a lot . Would definitely recommend this book for the Board preparation .
 For my review , I used the AAFP course -LRB- CD 's over a few months -RRB- , Osler 's course and this book . Although the week-long courses were good and clinically relevant , this book really completed my review . I went through it once completely , and back again to review missed items . I have been out of practice and taking care of my kids for over a year and this book helped tremendously . Very similar to the boards . Very , very good investment of time and money .
 This is a comprehensive review of important subjects in Family Practice . It includes a cd-rom for those of us who are computer users . I would recommend this as a good form of review for the last 2 weeks before boards
 Though most people declare that for Step 3 you only need `` two # 2 pencils '' -LRB- which is no longer necessary now anyway -RRB- , it 's helpful to have something to review , if for no other reason than reassuring yourself that you remember something you learned in medical school . This book -LRB- along with Swanson 's Family Practice Review -RRB- were more than enough for my review . The questions focus on perhaps more obscure topics -LRB- or at least more obscure topics within common clinical problems -RRB- which is good for review . It also has images -LRB- photos , ECGs , radiographs -RRB- at the end for those of us who are not radiologists or dermatologists.Though you 'll probably score the same on Step 3 as you did on Step 2 and Step 1 , this book might help you if you need some reassurance or just want to do some light review .
 This is a very good review of Family Medicine and I think it will certainly help me in the upcoming recertification examination . The questions are straight forward and the answers are quite detailed , including much information about the general topic being explored in the question . It is well worth the investment in time and money .
 Good general review of the entire scope of medicine.It can be used as a study guide or a general review of a particular subject.Well working index .
 Highly trained physician , modern technology office , up to date on all primary care USA practice approaches and recommendations are only few of their characteristics .
 i am taking family medicine boards for the first time soon and i needed a review book , so i bought about 4 of them ! This book is by far the best . Good topic reviews . It is multiple question then answer with explantion style and very concise . Highly recommend it for family med boards .
 This is a good review book and it helped point out some weak areas that I had to do further studying in . One mistake I made was making this text my main part of studying for the boards , I went through some sections several times and was doing fairly well on the practice exams . What I did not realize is that I was starting to recognize the right answers since the questions are used over again for the online banks of questions , so when I took the board exam my score was actually lower than what I was getting on the practice exams for the book . If you are making this the core part of your review and your practice scores from the book are not above 80 % , make sure you take some practice tests from other sources to evaluate your knowledge base for the actual board exam . Overall , a solid review book .
 I thought that the book was a great review for the test and saw much of the material on the test . However , the test bank was down the week before my exam which was when I wanted to do the questions . That was very disappointing , but I did the test questions on the AAFP website which were both helpful and provided CME credit as well.Addendum
 This is a very good book for board exam as well as for in Training exams . Very detailed explanations and the book covers all most all the areas that we have questions .
 I used the book for my Family Practice Boards in 2008 and did better than before . I read it once and only underlined what I did n't know but thought was important . 2 weeks before the test I took 10 pages of notes on those underlined items . I also saw many questions from the practice exams for the residents . You should review the last 3 years of the inservice exam . I sent in the $ 20 and received the CME . The entire book is questions with explanations and I was never bored .
 Excellent review book , covers most topics well , except emergency medicine . I wold also sugest brattons new book ,1,000 facts , to study the night before the exam . even though I do not practice family medicine easily passed .
 I have tried board review courses , CD-ROMs and other board review books in the past . This one hits all the important subjects you 'll find on the actual exam in a format very similar to the exam itself . I would recommend it and plan on using it again for future exam recertifications .
 Very good product . Just the neccesary to have a good and wide review of all the topics concerning family medicine . Also have the option to obtain CME credits . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 best way to prepare is to take exams such as this ! Just do it ; you 'll love it . -LRB- and good luck on the real exam too -RRB-
 This book should be everything you should need to study for the FM boards . I spent about a month and a half -LRB- one to two hours a day -RRB- with this little gem and ended up doing quite well on the boards . I also learned quite a bit while I was at it too . I have had a few friends that have used this book to study for the step 3 with success as well , but as I did n't do that , I ca n't recommending this book for the step 3 . I would strongly recommend this book to anyone that is going to take the FM boards or even to study for the residency in-service exams .
 Being a user of Adobe products , when I upgraded to Illustrator 9 I wanted something to support my previous knoledge . Using Visual QuickStart Guides in the past , I was already sold . For the price it 's by far the best . In good order Elaine and Peter use discriptive pictures that wisk you into action , instead of lengthy paragraphs and tired eyes .
 I learned long ago that the Visual Quick Start books are better as a reference tool than as a tutorial bookl ; this book is no different . At 488 pages , it is about twice as thick as the usual Quick Start Guides . This should also give you an indication to the large amount of content the authors put into it.I bought the book to use as a study aide for taking my ACE Exam in Illustrator . It was not very helpful for this . I was n't totally disappointed however . It is a great book for when I am actively using Illustrator and need to remember some activity that I do n't do too often and need to look it up . Think of it like a giant list of organized directions for doing things in Illustrator . As this kind of reference , it is quite useful.In order of -LRB- chapter -RRB- number , the authors cover
 I like this book - it 's very comprehensive and helpful . In contrast , books such as the Illustrator 9 Bible could n't hold my interest
 I went to `` that big book store '' and sat down with a small pile of Illusrator books . This was the only one that seemed to fit my style which is that I want to learn tasks only as I need them . I do NOT want to read through any long explanations or background . If right now I want to know how to put type in a circle then that 's ALL I want to know and I want to find it very fast . This book does that job for me . I can see how this book may not be in-depth enough for some full time designers but I love it for me , a beginner . I 've bought other books in their series since this one and I love them all .
 In a new edition featuring an expanded color section , Elaine Weinmann and Peter Lourekas ' Illustrator 9 For Windows & Macintosh offers the novice user with an easy , visually oriented approach through the software properties and applications . A straight forward , concise , `` reader friendly '' text is so well organized that the entire 488-page volume works easily as a practical reference book . Illustrator 9 For Windows & Macintosh is especially recommended for those with a need to learn Illustrator 9 fast , whether working on a Windows or a Macintosh platform .
 As the other reviewers mentioned this is not the deep introduction to Waldorf Education parents might be looking for . But I consider it required reading for my assistants and co-teachers . Freyja Jaffke has an elegant way of describing the work that the teachers and children are doing . It is a constant inspiration to me , and I 've had to replace my own book many times because I keep giving it away!If you are a teacher , this book is for YOU ! Do n't pass it up .
 I 've been an esperantist for more than 20 years and a teacher of modern languages for a lot longer than that . Thisbook is the best direct language book I 've seen in any language.I have only three problems with it . While I know enough about Szilagyi to know he was n't a bigot , the 1930 's style ethnic humor used in two or three places in the book could definitely give offense today . The second is that the grammar notes and pronounciation guides are modest . The other is that the reading material in the back of the book is skimpy and , again , dated . If anyone ever had the desire to issue a text book of Esperanto they could do a lot worse than to update this one.If you 're interested in Esperanto you can find an amazing amount on the web . Just type Esperanto into your search engine and you 'll see it is far from a dead language .
 In THE GOOD PRIEST 'S SON , Reynolds Price continues a theme that runs throughout his recent fiction
 to start with , i 'll admit i am more than a little prejudiced when it comes to the very talanted mr. reynolds price . his books as well as his characters are always compelling and are much anticipated by me , considering i read very few modern authors.what i like most of price 's characters is though they are flawed , they have an obtainable redemption that they seem to either be chasing , or is chasing them . in this novel the character mabry is no exception . mabry is a man who is spending his time chasing the living ghosts who have comprised his life , and is coming to terms with each of them , but not always in the way he intends.this book is very well written , but as always when you read a novel by price , you also have to kind of breathe in the words as you go along , because as an author , mr. price has more to be said in his prose than most writers say . that is where the beauty of price 's writings really shine.this book however moves very slowly , and i have seen a few reviews complaining about that . i believe the pacing in this book gives it a more meaningful quality . i believe that it is not just a book , but another fine piece of craftmanship that needs to be read by a large audience , like all of his works . for price is not only a fine novelist , but also a poet , commentator , religious scholar , essayist and playwrite .
 A thoughtful perspective on America immediately post 911 . If you enjoy Reynolds ' other work , this is definitely worth reading .
 This book is a gem . Southern fiction at its best . Price is a master at the art of story telling . History will regard Price as one of the finest , if not THE finest , southern writer of our times . Do n't be misled to think this book is all about Sept. 11th , however . That is merely the setting for this master 's tale .
 When Anna turns 18 , she inherits a large sum of money -LRB- and property -RRB- from her dead mother . Her miserly and cruel father discourages her from spending a penny of it and even forces her to extract high rents from her tenants . As if this were n't enough trouble , she falls in love with Harry Mynors who is only interested in her money . When she realizes this , she has become so used to this kind of treatment that she decides to marry him anyway . Naturalistic and depressing , Bennett portrays his main characters well . Poor Anna -- you really feel for her by the end of the book .
 Excellent . Arnold Bennett has such a wonderful way of capturing the way people think and speak - or rather as they thought and spoke 100 ago.I used to live in the Stoke on Trent area and am at home with the dialect words and phrases . Also with the area . Arnold Bennett uses slightly fictionalised names for the towns -LRB- Bursley instead of Burslem , for instance -RRB- and streets -LRB- Trafalgar Street instead of Waterloo Road -RRB- so anybody familiar with the area knows exactly where his characters live , where they tread.During my recent walk from SW France to NW England -LRB- Vic 's Big Walk , followed by the book of the same nameVic 's Big Walk -RRB- I walked the length of Trafalgar/Waterloo and also had a nostalgic mosey around Bursley/Burslem . Anna of the Five Towns is an enjoyable and informative read and also helped me to continue last year 's experience .
 Before the beginning of this century , the only information we had about Ancient Babylon was from the Bible . Consequently , most of the literature that I have read on the subject -LRB- written during the height of Iraqi Archeaology in the 1920 's and 30 's -RRB- has been on a religious note rather than a historical one . This book changed all that . It brought a highly academic subject to the layman . It is a simple , informative account of how the real Babylonians lived . It describes the Babylonians as an advanced people who appreciated art and literature , as well as entering into contracts and having mortgages . It is a great introduction to an ancient civilisation .
 THEY WROTE ON CLAY
 I found this interesting book to be a very good source of translated inscriptions , some of which found their way into my own recent compilation `` Wetlands of Mass Destruction
 I love this book for preschool math . I teach four years olds in a part time program and I will enjoy using the ideas in my preschool class room .
 I am now a devoted Jean Warren fan ! 1-2-3 Math is great for the under 5 set ! I have two children , 4 and 2 , and they both have gained so much from the easy activities in this book !
 I have used this book and most of her others weekly if not daily in my family child care center . Her ideas are wonderful , the drawings are adorable and I own most of her books .
 Ms. Chartock 's book is like having a personal tour guide to escort you through breast cancer treatment . She has obviously become an expert in a field where she never thought she 'd be , and she 's here to share everything she knows with you
 There are lots of words written every year on the subject of breast cancer , and lots of confusing information circulating about it . But this book does something unique -- walks a patient through not only the personal side of what it means to work through the treatment , but offers informative , thoughtful and well-researched advice and suggestions . From insurance , to diet , to treatment options , to , well , even hair , this book takes a good hard look at so many issues , yet Chartock -LRB- a breast cancer survivor herself -RRB- never loses sight of the compassionate side of the story.Particularly helpful are the diary entries , which give the woman not only some suggested questions to ask her doctor about , but also space to write down the answers . If you or someone you know is dealing with breast cancer , this is one book that will make the process just a little easier on the heart , soul and mind .
 This is a collection of great nonsense verse from Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear , most of which stands the test of time - beautifully illustrated by Nick Palin . My children -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- have adored this book for over a year now . They read it themselves - or at least look long and hard at the illustrations , and bring it to me to read to them over and over.Most of these poems can easily be found in other books or collections . The advantage of this collection is that it is a small number of very good poems and -LRB- as I said before -RRB- they are really well illustrated . My children have rapidly learned quite a bit of each of the poems just from frequent re-reading . Poems include The Crocodile , the Owl and the Pussycat , the Dong with the luminous nose , the Walrus and the carpenter - and my children 's favourite - the Jumblies . I really enjoy The New Vestments which is one I had not seen beforeIn the rear of the book is the Index of titles and first lines which makes it simple to track down anything you particularly want to read.I would definitely recommend this as a must have for a children 's library . It is one of those lovely books which has opened my children 's eyes to poetry and reading .
 Tizzy lived on Monster Planet . One day a tidal wave came and destroyed her home , but her friends all tried to find her a new one.Despite trying very hard from cave to underwater homes just did n't work for Tizzy until finally they found her just the right place.This is a sweet book teaching children how friends all chip in to help each other . The illustrations are very colorful and the story leaves you smiling.Shirley Johnson
 The New England Table shows us the bounty available in our oldest corner of the United States . With recipes demonstrating the harvest and traditions of Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Connecticut , all within New England , Lori Brody , whisks us away to delicious and appetizing meals.Lora Brody is a best-selling author with over 25 books to her credit . Her recipes have appeared in the Boston Globe , the Los Angeles Times , and the Chicago Tribune , just to name a few . She lives in Boston.The tantalizing photographs and the author 's passion for her homeland , New England , can be seen throughout this book . With recipes like New England Clam Chowder , Nutmeg Cookies , Johnny Cake , Gorp , Maple-Pecan Scones and Blueberry Buckle to tease and tempt you.To make things easier , Brody divides the book up into the six states of New England . Each state features 3 events you could have utilizing the recipes within . The recipes demonstrate the ethnicity and bounty that is contained within each state.This is such a lovely book . I have enjoyed the recipes and Lora Brody has made me yearn to make a trip to New England and experience it in person !
 This cookbook has wonderful Illustrations , great stories about New England , and every recipe I have tried is delicious . This is a worthwhile cookbook of American cooking and a must have in your collection . Really great seasonal and healthy recipes . Instructions are easy to follow . I enjoy the Tuna Noodle Casserole , no canned soup version .
 The review by M. Holland is valid , however the food is glorious . I 've made about half the recipes in this book and Brody really knows her stuff . The following recipes alone are worth every penny for the book
 Very good book , with a lot of data and easy to read.I bought this book to find some family roots and the book coverts all my expectations.It 's very impressive all the beautiful and human story behind the book .
 Nick Kemp has achieved something quite remarkable with this CD . By mixing skilfully crafted music , and in language that everyone can follow , he carefully guides the listener through many of the concepts of meditation . But more than this the CD gives anyone the chance to experience some of the altered states of consciousness that meditation promises . The music may remind you at times of `` Revolver '' , while the opening tamboura-like drone , and tabla , point to the source , Nada Brahma - Sound Is God . Truth seekers and sceptics alike will find flashes of insight here that might lead to further exploration , which I guess is what Nick Kemp has set out to encourage . Highly recommended .
 This is a wonderful CD from Nick Kemp who studied with Richard Bandler the creator of NLP.The CD takes the listener on a magical ride into deep relaxation and altered states and produces a great sense of well being . The music is fantastic and the intricate use of hypnosis makes this an important product for students of NLP and hypnosis .
 This is a fascinating CD which takes the listener into deep relaxed states in no time at all . I find that by listenibg to this CD I feel more energised and focussed ! The only downside is that you have to wait a number of weeks here for it to be posted , but its worth the wait !
 First , I think I 'll mention Richard Bandler 's name so as to give credence to my comments . On second thought , no , I wo n't either.Having settled that , I can tell you that Nick really knows how to weave a trance that will keep you spellbound as you begin an inner adventure that will take you places you 've never even dreamed of ... and yet ... will bring you safely home again . To your own , true self.Nick is a master of both indirect and direct hypnotic suggestion , yet even as he gives you direct instructions , you still know ... at the same time ... that the direct suggestions in here are just to set you free.Free from fear . Free from compulsion . Free from pain.I 've listened to the CD twice so far and I 'm here to tell you that after the first listening , only , I discovered I had recovered my old sense of confidence.And now . Now that I have that sense of confidence instilled deep within me ... never to be wrested away again , I can only wonder what I might decide to do with ... and because of ... it.If you , like me , do n't easily experience deep trance ... I 'd suggest you give this CD a listen . It 's well worth your time !
 Not as good as they used to be , but its the closest you 'll get to reading a good comic book - especially if it a BEANO !!
 If someone can get their hands on this Book , Wren , I highlyrecommend it for children and parents who have a sibling withcerebral palsy . It will teach young children that anyone witha disability can do anything if they have their mind set to it.Almost everyone I knew read Wren when I was growing up.I read it because it helped me understand my own cerebral palsy.Thanks
 This is a wonderful way to introduce children to cerebral palsy . Written by the mother of a child with CP , the story is told from the point of view of the big sister . Learn how Marie views the arrival of her sister and her feelings about her sister 's challenges . Especially good for children dealing with a sibling 's diagnosis .
 i HAVE TO ADMIT THAT WREN WAS ONE OF MY FIRST lOVES I HAVE CP AND IT HELPED ME TO UNDERSTAND MY OWN CP.UNLESS YOU KNOW THE TIME-FRAME IN WHICH THIS WAS WRITTEN , YOU CAN NOT UNDERSDTAND HOW HER MOTHER FELT . I LIKED IT
 `` Wren '' tells for children the inspiring story of Karen Killilea , the child who lived a miracle , and of her remarkable family . Beautifully illustrated , `` Wren '' invites the reader into the world of a child with cerebral palsy and , without ever preaching , opens the heart of a child reader before thst child has been afraid of those with disabilities . The humor and charm of the story will be much loved even in families without a special situation .
 `` Wren '' is one of my favourite books . My other favourites are `` Karen '' and `` With Love From Karen . '' I think Marie Killilea is one of the best authors ever !
 I read Karen & From Karen With Love when I was a young girl . I just fell in love with Karen and have never been able to forget her story . I have scoliosis and had polio , just a light case as a child and - to read a story about a girl that was around my age and managed just fine with her disability gave me reasons to hope when I felt low . I loved the way Marie wrote ... I 've looked for this book for years and now I 've found it ... I 'll go back in time for a bit and say hello again to an old and dear friend . It 's definitely worth your read . Anna
 This book is a panoramic view of metrics across the enterprise . Although the book is written by members of the International Function Point Users Group it goes well beyond software estimating . It encompasses measurement techniques that are consistent with function points , but are also useful when applied to other methods.As expected , the book starts with a discussion of function points , its evolution as a methodology , and how it has evolved as a means of measuring a full spectrum of attributes , such as quality , productivity , time and effort . In addition to generic attribute metrics this book shows how function points can be applied to earned value project management , developing a balanced scorecard that views the enterprise holisitcally , business and e-commerce metrics and evaluations and benchmarking.Parts that I especially like include : * The complete data collection , analysis and action process that is embodied in the book . This can be used in any setting , such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- CoCoMo -RRB- , as well as FP . * IT work units , which are applicable to production services and support . This dispells the notion that function points are only useful for software estimating . This is also augmented by a later section in the book that addresses IT and business measures that is sure to change the way you approach measuring the overall value of IT . * Demonstrated use of function points as a viable project estimating technique that extends to projects other than software development . * Clearly written explanation of statistical process controls.I 've only highlighted the parts of the book in which I have personal and professional interests . The book contains much more material that covers the entire spectrum of enterprise metrics , including case studies and reflecting the views of each individual author who contributed chapter -LRB- s -RRB- . In my opinion this book is , and will remain for years to come , one of the most important texts on IT measurement . Time will tell , of course , but I have n't found a more complete book on the subject .
 I recently picked up a copy of The Bing Book and have been enjoying it tremendously . It has 15 separate routines , each covering a variety of different skill areas , such as arpeggios , pedal tones , transposition , endurance , etc. . There is a lot of variety , and practicing from this book has been great for getting me out of the repetitive practice doldrums that are the bane of professional musicians . There is also an excellent section on double and triple tonguing . The book is mainly of value to the advanced trumpeter .
 Rosemary Wells is perhaps best known for her wonderful Max and Ruby books , and she brings the same storytelling talents to the `` Yoko and Friends '' series . However , except for the cover , however , all the illustrations are by John Nez , who draws in Wells ' familiar style . However , there are subtle yet noticeable differences between Wells ' cover illustration and those done by Nez . There 's a sly look in the eyes and some shading and coloring effects that are missing from Nez 's work . The animal pictures are simply less compelling and mischievous than what Wells draws . Fortunately , Wells wrote this story and it is funny in the way that Wells is always funny
 John Waterhouse is a burly , energetic man who stamped his mark on great works in all corners of the globe , but who has now retired to the country with his ailing wife . The village is small and the neighbours friendly -LRB- to the extent one can choose one 's friends in the country ! -RRB- . When one day sickness comes to the Waterhouse mansion , everyone is astonished that rather than wispy Mrs Waterhouse who suffers an illness it is strapping John.As John 's condition worsens , tongues start to wag , and Frances presents her husband Douglas with a half full medicine bottle she has sneaked from beside the sick bed , suggesting they get it analysed . As John dies , Douglas resolves to take the bottle to the police , only to discover it has vanished . At that moment Cyril , John 's brother , arrives , and the exhumation he orders reveals John died of arsenic poisoning - but there 's no arsenic in the house ! As Douglas frets about the missing medicine , secrets come tumbling out of closets , and everyone suffers a hair-raising time at the inquest until a surprise message arrives from a most unexpected source ... Well , what a belter ! Berkeley is on top form with this novel . Written from Douglas 's point of view , we follow his bemused progress through the days of the death and inquest until eventually he realises who is responsible for the mayhem , and confronts them . Berkeley has also taken a leaf from Queen 's book , and includes a challenge to the reader just before the denouement . The writing is as clean , witty and enjoyable as ever , and it 's all very well presented in the Langtail house-style of this new edition.Hugely enjoyable !
 First the negative , minor though it might be . The book is really rather misnamed . If anything , while Seahenge is a captivating title , it is way too limited . While the author discusses the wood circle at Holmes , he does so only briefly in the introduction and over a couple of chapters at the end of the book . What the main body of the volume contains is a very pleasant recitation of a life spent working in Neolithic and Early Bronze age archaeology in England.For those looking for a more thorough description of the work and story of the remains at Holmes , it would probably be better to look to the journals . A visit to the local reference library for a bibliography will probably come up with what you want , and large public and certainly most university libraries will carry many of the journal entries on your list . These are likely to be quite technical , though , so be forewarned . More popular accounts might be available in journals like Archaeology , Archaeology Odyssey , or Scientific American.Next , the positives . And they are major positives . First and foremost , the author has a very nice narrative style . It 's readable and friendly , and while laced with some technical terms and ideas , these are usually fully explained without being labored . Furthermore , the author shares his knowledge of his field in practice so the reader has a first person , first hand account of an archaeologist at work . At one point Dr. Pryor quotes from his site diary , letting one in on his personal thoughts and experiences at a crucial point of his work at Seahenge.Probably more than anything , the book offers a glimpse of what it means to be an archaeologist . In particular the reader learns how one goes about acquiring ones credentials , what the management of daily routine on the site is like , under what conditions one works and lives , what job opportunities there are , and how these effect ones personal lifestyle.If one is inclined to follow up the information on archaeology and the archaeologist , the bibliography provides a good deal of material , some on specific topics from the journals and some on more general topics from books , most from 1980 to the present and some of historical interest from the 1960s and later.I would definitely recommend this book for a school library serving students from forth grade and later . The book would be comprehendible to good readers of whatever age and gives a clear account of an archaeologist 's life and what one has to learn to become one .
 The author has a wonderful style that combines a hands-on experience with digging up Neolithic and Bronze Age sites with relections on the human understanding of landscapes in the prehistoric world . Lots of local color and opinions enhance the read . I will read more from this author .
 More of a book on the life of an archeologist than the discoveries themselves it nevertheless makes for an interesting read . I think many will be surprised , as I was , at the various facet involved in the life of an archeologist . In that way is it is a very generous book . A tale worth telling .
 This book would perhaps benefit from a greater amount of consideration of the most important poet writing today , Adrienne Rich ; other courageous voices , such as Marge Piercy and bell hooks , are also largely left out , which is a shame . As Women challenge the agenda of white males and their eurocentric paradigms , their voices must be heard , inspite of the efforts to keep them quiet .
 What do you get when you combine Ernest Thayer 's beloved , boys of summer poem and artist , Leroy Neiman 's rich , charcoal illustrations ? A unique and evocative rendering of Americana that adds an additional rare gem to the rich collection of Casey At The Bat books . Mr Neiman 's unique , expressive , and dynamic artwork brings the poem to life in all its emotional splendor and glory . From the introduction by New York Yankee 's manager , Joe Torre , to the very last page , as muscular Casey , bat in hand , hangs his head and takes that lonely walk from the plate into fictional history , young and old alike will be entranced by this powerful and engaging , larger than life story . Perfect for youngsters 8 and older , Leroy Neiman 's , oversized , coffee table-like Casey At The Bat is a combination of verse and artwork at its finest , and a must for both baseball fans and art lovers everywhere .
 In my opinion , it is a healthy thing to modernize the classic baseball poem `` Casey at the Bat . '' Written over a century ago , it is still an excellent description of a wonderful game . In this book , Neiman uses some superb sketches that depict the players of today . Names and numbers are on the backs of the uniforms , Casey wears a batting helmet , the fans are wearing modern clothing and Casey looks like a slugger . Depicted as a muscular behemoth , his arms look like he could crush the life out of a bear.Reading `` Casey at the Bat '' is a delight in any form and I highly recommend this one .
 Ernest Lawrence Thayer 's classic baseball poem about the small town of Mudville and its beloved baseball hero is superbly enhanced with LeRoy Neiman 's charcoal drawings in this illustrated coffee table book . This splendid edition of Casey At The Bat is enhanced with an introduction by Yankees manager Joe Torre and filled with soulful , blending of Thayer 's words and Neiman 's illustrations blending together to bring the spirit of this memorable and beloved poem to life . Casey At The Bat is to be treasured by all baseball buffs , and heartily recommended for school and community library collections .
 All the beautiful guitars are here , in a lavishly photographed , well documented and thoughtfully laid out narrative . Everything you ever wanted to know about PRS . Detailed , helpful appendices in the back for serial numbers/dating , model breakdowns/production timelines . Complete overview of every pickup -LRB- and their respective sounds -RRB- . Fascinating insight into factory production line/methods . A wonderful look at the most innovative American guitar builder of his generation , and the stunning works of art he creates , both in mass production and his custom shop.Very pleased with the book , and well worth the money .
 This is a very beautiful book - beautiful in itself and the PRS guitars showcased here . The photographs are large and clear . The PRS models are comprehensive . The quality of the book is very good . It 's large-sized and it 's thread bound in the spine . Unlike those bound with heat glue , this book will surely last . According to the publisher 's information , it 's a limited edition in quantities of 6000 only . This is a book that a PRS guitar owner should consider buying . For those who admire the workmanship and the beauty of quality guitars , this is a very good book to read . Shortcomings
 If you are a guitar player , a PRS owner , or just a fan of fine craftsmanship , this is the one guitar book for you . Anyone interested in the history of the Paul Reed Smith guitar will find this book to be all you need . The photography is magnificent . The text is informative and comprehensive . The information is current and interesting . Yes , this book is expensive , but it is beautifully laid out . All the models are here , along with Paul 's philosophy on instrument making and sound characteristics . There is even a step by step illustrated description on how a guitar is made . I have one small complaint - the fold out pages should have been cut just a tad shorter on the outside edge . Careless re-insertion upon closing the book will lead to unwanted creases . Other than that , you will be more than happy with this book .
 This numbered limited edition may not reach all audiences but it provides an excellent survey of the PRS guitar built by Smith for a range of famous players . Gorgeous full-page color photos abound as do engrossing technical explanations of the guitar 's development and history . Chapters covering construction techniques are particularly involving . Highly recommended
 This is a very beautiful book - beautiful in itself and the PRSguitars showcased here . The photographs are large and clear . The PRSmodels are comprehensive . The quality of the book is very good . It 's large-sized and it 's thread bound in the spine . Unlike those bound with heat glue , this book will surely last . According to the publisher 's information , it 's a limited edition in quantities of 6000 only . This is a book that a PRS guitar owner should consider buying . For those who admire the workmanship and the beauty of quality guitars , this is a very good book to read . Shortcomings
 In The PRS Guitar Book , Dave Burrluck describes in detail the evolution of PRS Guitars , the renowned company founded by expert guitar maker Paul Reed Smith in 1985 . The PRS Guitar Book showcases every artistic and technical facet of these exquisite instruments that sold to an enthusiasts clientele for $ 2000 and up . The PRS Guitar Book is enhanced with lavish color photography , anecdotes and reminiscences from Smith , famous guitarists , and PRS employees , collectors and fans . The PRS Guitar Book is highly recommended , wonderful reading for all serious guitar enthusiasts , professional or amateur .
 The book covers different aspects of freediving and scuba spearfishing . As usual , it contains a section about spearfishing and freediving gear , accessories as well as a little history . It includes also some uncommon information , like oil platforms diving.However the main strength of the book are the chapters about the fish species , spearfishing techniques and about maximizing the freediving abilities . There are whole chapters about types of fish and about where to find them - these give quite a lot of information about main game fish , their range of presence and habits . Particularly , I like two chapters about developing the spearfishing technique and about maximizing the freediving abilities . It says a lot about main threats of the sport , how to avoid them , explains the basics of the freediving physiology and points out several tips useful in making the spearfishing activities safe and pleasant . Everyone can also learn also about staying fit for freediving.The book also treats about the ecology , security and ethical aspects of the spearfishing sport.I like the small format of the book , you can easily take it with you on the fishing trip . The drawing 's quality is good , but on the other side almost all of the photos are far too dark and you ca n't see much on some of them . Several pages and the cover got partially apart before finishing the first reading ... So , generally the book gives a lot of information and many answers , including the ones I could n't find in other spearfishing titles for beginners . I recommend the book to every newcomer to spearfishing , if you just want to get only one title to learn about the sport - go for it . You will probably have to buy several books to learn about whole spectrum of issues , but this book in my opinion is perfect to start with . I think it is worth buying , it will be useful for more advanced sportsmen and on beginner 's level - as the book is addressed to - it is a complete , five stars title .
 This book was very informative to the new spearfisher person . I learned alot about When , Where , And How to spearfish . After reading this book , I went out on my first trip . I ended up spearing a 5 pound calico bass off of Catalina Island .
 Extremely informative and packed with lots of information in an easy to digest format . As a begining spearfisherman I found this book extremely helpfull . It does not go into long stories to explain information , but just gives it to you upfront .
 This book provided an excellent overview of spearfishing . It covers not only techniques and gear but the ethics of spearfishing as well . Highly recommended for anyone interested in the art of spearfishing .
 It 's very basic , however it is an easy , informative read . If you 're new to spearfishing , I would recommend this book .
 fairly basic but fundamental intro to spearfishing with a few gems often missed in other more ` advanced ' books.worth having in your ` spearo ' collection .
 I 've purchased this book elsewhere . But this is not the point . I will compare it to Giles . Much better , both construction of the studying material and exam question-answer part . Unlike Giles , NPTE has thorough explained question and answer choices , and an option of pausing the test . NPTE has three exams . Giles though has four exams and visually it is constructed very closely to a real one , little if any question explanation . Bottom part you 'll benefit from both . But if you 're short of green go with NPTE . Do n't know the difference between NPTE 2008 and 2009 editions though . I 'd be thankful if you 'll provide that info.Thank you , PoleginI just had a look at 2009 edition . All that 's been added is a color print , that is it . Test questions are the same .
 I find this book very helpful . It 's very organized , concise and well explained . It is a good source of review along with you.I am highly recommending this book to anyone aspiring for more knowledge in the exam .
 I just finished reading this book this morning with my son sleeping on my chest . It took me over a year to finish it . Not that it was long or hard to read but it is written as a prayer journey - so you ca n't read it in a weekend . The book is comprised of chapters which talk about prayer and then at the end of each chapter there is a prayer exercise . The prayer exercises are what make the book . In doing the prayer exercises you actually feel God 's presence . Your relationship with God grows . It is as simple as that . Robert Warren is of the Catholic faith but this book can be enjoyed by all Christians - it is written for the unified Church of God . I mention that my son was sleeping on my chest as I finished this book - after doing the exercises and watching my closeness with God grow that is how I felt - as a child embraced by God . Robert Warren makes a strong point that he was going to write on evangelism but the book turned to prayer . To Robert the reason was simple - if your walk with God is close evangelism becomes natural . If you want to grow with God , see a change in your prayer life and understanding of prayer buy this book and practice it .
 Using this guidebook , I think you 'll have a trip memorable not only for the tips that allowed you to enjoy your own travel , but also as a journey that became that much more interesting because you had the little ones along . Enough of the poetic antipasto , let 's tuck in.The book was written by two obvious parents ; they refer to their children throughout the book and include their kids ' comments and suggestions . A couple of parenting examples
 Thank you , Barbara and Michael Pape , for doing the research and sharing your insights in this book that was constantly at my side during our recent trip . We read , and carried along , a few of the best guidebooks recommended , but Italy with Kids is the one that was the most helpful . Without repeating the well-deserved praise heaped on this book by a previous reviewer , I want to add some comments from our own experience : First , the book reveals information about many places and activities that we would never have found on our own . For example , instead of carting the kids through Milan , we chose instead to visit Vinci based on the authors ' discussion of this tiny town nestled in Tuscany where da Vinci was raised . Our visit to the Museo de Leonardino in Vinci which is housed in an old castle , was enchanting to the kids who could come up very close to many of da Vinci 's inventions and notes . The museum was small , extremely child-friendly , and best of all - uncrowded -LRB- and for Italy in June that is rare indeed -RRB- . There are numerous other examples like this , and the section on Tuscany where we were based for much of our trip is outstanding . What other book mentions Snoopy 's , a terrific gelateria in Cortona ? Our 7-year-old had the important task of `` rating '' the gelatos we tasted in Italy , and found this one among his favorites . The book mentions the best gelato shops in many towns , a welcome treat after a day of sight-seeing and hiking up and down the steep streets . Unlike many other guidebooks , such small details as Pinky the cat who resides in the Fortress at Sirmione on Lake Garda were mentioned , and really drew the kids ' attention . Of course , as soon as we arrived at the entrance , they asked where Pinky could be found and spent a good part of this visit entertaining the good-tempered feline , allowing us to spend some time enjoying the views and reflecting on the history of this intriguing fortress . In fact , I doubt whether we would have spent time at Garda at all if we had n't read the book , heading instead for the more popular Lake Como on which most other guidebooks focus . Just as the Papes ' noted , we were among the only American tourists in Sirmione , and we enjoyed several days with Italian , German and other European families . As for Hotel Sirmione , suggested by the authors , it went beyond our expectations . Ever swam in a 80 + degree mineral swimming pool , surrounded on three sides by a mountain lake ? Other accommodation and restaurant recommendations were also excellent . What the book says is exactly what you will find , and its descriptions go well beyond what other guidebooks typically provide.In summary , this book is an outstanding resource for anyone traveling with kids ... or who is a kid at heart . I am now waiting for books to be written on traveling with kids to other European countries . They will have a tough act to follow .
 This book was quite helpful to us in our trip to Northern Italy . All the restaurant suggested turned out well and the book gave us some great ideas of things to do with the kids . It is probably more useful with children 10 and under than for older kids although some of it is still applicable .
 As other reviews have stated , this book is far from perfect . But I bought it as soon as I read the art-gallery hint -LRB- take crayons and paper -RRB- . We just got back from a Picasso museum , and our 6-year-old was begging for freedom even though she learned about Picasso in kindergarten . The crayons would have been a lifesaver.On the upside , the authors understand what kids like and need , and give good hints on things they will like . On the downside , they do n't seem to be the brightest bulbs on the planet -LRB- the book is filled with howlers like `` wet your appetite '' and `` taxi cues '' -RRB- . They also seem to have a heck of a lot more money than I do -LRB- and I 'm far from poor -RRB- . Their idea of an inexpensive hotel is 95 Euros a night for a double -LRB- and the kids are extra ! -RRB- . That 's my idea of splurging . I shudder every time they tell me that a particular cafe is `` a bit pricey , but a good place to relax '' . I translate that to `` lunch will cost more than you ought to be spending on a room . `` The second edition also suffers from sloppy proofreading . There are lots of places where prices are still given in lira . The Euro has been around long enough now that I have no clue what 5,000 lira would equate to.Even so , I 'm glad I bought the book . I 'll be able to sit down with my daughter and plan the trip together , and that alone is worth the price .
 This is a great book . It really gets you hooked from the very beginning . The book is fictional but based on fact , so I learned a lot about the events that lead up to the Martin Luther King Jr. assassination . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone interested in governmental corruption and conspiracy theories .
 Living through this time , we knew there was more to the assination of Martin Luther King ! Operation Sorespot , although fictional in some areas , sheds the most light on this assination than any other written . As the daughter of a retired homocide detective from NYPD , it 's written in the investigative-style that states the facts yet is fast paced in an incredibly captivating style . Thank you for a wonderful book that gets us to the ` meat ' of the matter - what actually was taking place ?
 After reading James Earl Ray 's statements to the press from prison , and his continued assertions that he did not DO IT , I read this book from cover to cover in anticipation of trying to figure out at long last the answers to who was really involved . If you think the JFK assasination was covered up , wait until you read this book . Names were changed and a fictional thread was applied , but you WILL begin to understand how Dr. King 's death was no random event . He was on path to destruction when he arrived in Memphis , just as JFK was in Dallas . Thanks Jim for the chance to see how this was done .
 I loved the book it is the most real fiction I have read in years . I know some of the name mentioned in the book .
 I 'm not a reader of books I wait until it comes out in a movie , but this is a must for everyone who wants to read a fiction that is really the truth . I can hardly wait for the movie .
 This is one of the most exciting books I have read in a long time . It is filled with lots of mystery and intrigue . The conspiracy theories presented in this book were so fascinating I could n't put the book down . I know it is listed as fiction , but I read things in this book that I remember seeing on TV and reading in the newspaper . I could n't separate the facts from the fiction . It is a must read for all conspiracy buffs !!
 This is a fictional account of a true event in history , but it is loaded with factual imformation . If you enjoy reading conspiracy theories you will love this book . The questions raised in the book are quite interesting . It is a real page-turner .
 This is a fictional account of a true event in history , but it is loaded with factual imformation . If you enjoy reading conspiracy theories you will love this book . The questions raised in the book are quite interesting . It is a real page-turner .
 This is a fictional account of a true event in history , but it is loaded with factual imformation . If you enjoy reading conspiracy theories you will love this book . The questions raised in the book are quite interesting . The reader should have fun trying to separate the fictional events from the factual ones . Many have described it as a real page-turner .
 This is one of the best stories avaialable about Waterloo and its aftermath and it is from the wife of one of the officers in the battle . It is the true story of Madalene DeLancey 's Week at Waterloo and I am forever indebted to David Miller who found this incredibly hard to find book and added footnotes and narrative detail to what was a very thin story.Madalene was encouraged to write this story much later - and so it is done from memory rather than diaries and letters , but the detail is extraodinary . It was shown to Charles Dickens who wept over it . Her writing is very moving . It lacks deliberate pathos and yet it is so moving . She had married only a few months prior to battle of Waterloo and her husband had been called to serve at the last minute , they arrived in Belgium just days before the battle began and her husband was immediately swept into the organisation.The army was called up on the 15th and marched to Ligny and Quatrebras where the first battles took place . Back in the town no one knew what was happening , the dithering , the panic , the rumours , the deserters galloping through town are all revealed in her narrative.The most gut-wrenching part is when she finds out her husband has been injured - she hears numerous stories rumours and half-confirmed details until she finally tracks him down , injured near the battlefield . She then must nurse him.I find myself crying even as I write this review . The story had such an enormous impact . Miller has done a fantastic job of providing detail to throw light on it , without detracting from its power.One of the best books I have read 5 stars + A Woodley
 Lord and Lady DeLancey married shortly before the Battle of Waterloo . While others were dancing at the Duchess of Richmond 's ball on the eve of the battle , the DeLanceys remained in their hotel , hopefully in each other 's arms . Once the trumpets are sounded , calling for all officers to return to their regiments , Lord DeLancey leaves his bride believing that she will make for the port of Ostend to return to England while he moves toward the front to face the reconstituted armies of Napoleon . But her gut tells her to turn back , which was a good thing , because she shortly received word that her husband was grievously wounded and was in a cottage near the battlefield . Lady DeLancey immediately went to her husband and stayed with him until he died three days later . This is a remarkable story , but even more so when you learn that the bride was only about 20 years old . Her ability to stay calm under such circumstances when armed men were walking outside her door and no one knew who had won the battle is a profile in courage . Most of the book is Lady DeLancey 's own writings on what happened near Waterloo .
 i have been a major fan of this series since the first book . i have always found this series so much deeper and better written than her other series , and have always rushed to the bookstore to get the newest monk novel . however , even though , on an absolute scale , this was a very good book , it was , in my view , the worst in the series . i was always of the view that hester and monk should ultimately get married . unfortunately , however , as in tv shows when the lovers finally get together , they become boring . hester and monk just arent as much fun when they arent fighting . maybe she needs to introduce a real , rather than imaginary , love triangle with rathbone to spice things up . also , the plot here was fairly convoluted compared to the other books in this series . all in all , a somewhat dissapointing effort .
 I have read all the William Monk books up to this one , and am working my way through the series . This was good , but not as good as some of the others . Probably because I guessed the culprit quite early on !
 All of Anne Perry 's books with William Monk and Hester , and her other series featuring Thomas and Charlotte Pitt are absolute fantastic books to read . Just make sure to start at the beginning of both series so that you can see how the main characters build and change .
 Another installment in the Monk series that is really worth the read . Anne Perry really knows how to build a story you ca n't put down .
 This series is a ball of fun . Wish there were a little bristle between the lead character -LRB- as befits a normal relationship -RRB- , but otherwise , great read.I can hardly wait for the next book in 2012 !
 SLAVES OF OBSESSION is the eleventh novel in the William Monk series by Anne Perry . Several years ago , Monk was introduced in THE FACE OF A STRANGER , a man who awoke in a hospital bed after a terrible accident with his past a total mystery . He learns that he is a feared policeman , and many of the things that he gradually learns about himself are personally disconcerting and lead him to fear what he might discover about the blanks in his shadowy past.This story is set in 1861 , just as the Battle of Bull Run , the first great battle of the American Civil War , is about to be fought . -LRB- ALERT
 Gun merchant Daniel Alberton has accepted a deposit on a huge shipment to the Confederate States of America , but an agent for the Union also wants to buy the weapons . Alberton 's 16-year-old daughter , Merrit , believes herself in love with the Union agent , Lyman Breeland . After a bitter quarrel with her father , Merrit disappears from the family home ; and so does Daniel . A few hours later , private investigator William Monk and Daniel Alberton 's business partner find Alberton murdered and the guns stolen . Merrit Alberton and the man she loves are on their way to America - and so , presumably , are the weapons . Did Breeland kill Alberton to get the guns both sides in the American Civil War so desperately need ? And if he did , was Merrit aware of fleeing the country in company with her father 's murderer?William Monk and his wife , former Crimean war nurse Hester , set off for America after Judith Alberton hires Monk to bring her only child back and - if possible - also bring Breeland back , to face charges in Daniel 's death . Judith does not realize that the same charges can and will be filed against Merrit . So Monk 's next task , assuming he can bring the two fugitives back to England , must be to solve the case . In attempting to do that , the amnesiac Monk discovers facts about his own past life that disturb him so much that he fears telling Hester what he has learned . Will the woman he now loves so deeply , after doing his best to avoid the vulnerability of that love , still feel the same way afterward?While not perfectly plotted , this book is Perry at her best in one important respect . Her characters learn and grow as they experience the story 's events , and this happens in a natural manner ; at no time does it feel forced . An excellent read . -- Reviewed by Nina M. Osier , author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner `` Regs ''
 Ever since I began reading this series , the opening volume of which was set in 1856 , I wondered if William Monk and Hester the Crimean nurse -LRB- and now Mrs. Monk -RRB- would at some point run up against the American Civil War . Well , now it 's happened , and with a vengeance . It 's the spring of 1861 and London arms dealer Daniel Alberton is approached by Lyman Breeland , a Union officer , in the matter of a large purchase of rifled muskets . Unfortunately for him , Philo Trace , an agent of the new Confederate States got there first and made a down payment on the weapons . Alberton 's personal honor wo n't allow him to renege on the first deal in order to satisfy the second -- but Breeland , a coldly fanatical abolitionist , believes that anyone who disagrees with him must be evil and pro-slavery . Then Alberton is found tied up and murdered outside his warehouse and the Union agent apparently has taken the arms and boarded a ship back to America . To complicate matters , Alberton 's sixteen-year-old daughter , Merrit -LRB- where does Perry get these names ? -RRB- , is deeply infatuated with Breeland and has eloped with him . Monk , with Hester coming along as a chaperone for the return trip , sails for Washington himself to retrieve the girl and , if possible , Breeland . While there , the wandering Brits get caught up in the opening battle at Manassas -- and Perry does an excellent job of describing the reality of 19th century warfare , as seen from just behind the lines and from a combat nurse 's perspective . Sir Oliver Rathbone 's skills as a trial lawyer play a smaller part in the story than usual , and the author does a better job than usual of stringing the reader along -LRB- she often telegraphs the solution rather early in the narrative -RRB- . Although I kind of knew that neither Breeland nor Trace was likely to be the villain -- not if the author expected to sell many copies in the U.S. . As an aside , though , I wish the writer of the jacket copy could be bothered to read the book first . Then he might not identify the Union officer as `` Breedlove . '' And a couple of volumes ago , William Monk was referred to on the jacket as `` Thomas , '' the writer obviously conflating him with the protagonist of Perry 's other , longer-running mystery series . Very sloppy .
 This was my first Anne Perry novel -LRB- audio abridgment -RRB- . I found it to be entertaining and it moved along quite well.William Monk is one of Perry 's regular characters . Set in Victorian England there is a cast of characters with passionate beliefs and different motivations . I suspected one to be the evil antagonist -- but discovered it was not him as the story progressed . -LRB- All the clues are not available within an abridgment . -RRB- There were a few interesting twists ... and the break from the underwater sequence with Monk kept me on edge.In the book you embark on a voyage to America coinciding with the beginning of the American Civil War . Hester and William Monk travel by boat on a mission to bring back the run-away daughter of Albertson . Meritt 's confused passion for the abolishment of slavery is exhibited as a romantic crush for Lyman ... a Northerner bent on purchasing guns from her father -- despite Albertson 's continued refusal to sell them to him . Albertson 's murder just happens to concide with the gun delivery to Lyman.The return to England takes you through the trial and the revelation of what actually happens after both Lyman and Meritt are acquitted of wrong doing.This engaging work will put Anne Perry on my list of authors to explore further .
 This is a good Victorian mystery , but not as great as Anne Perry 's other works . I am a particular fan of the William Monk series , so I was a bit disappointed with this one . I found that it was very easy to get the mystery . Ms. Perry 's characters are still good , and very well drawn . Her description of the Battle of Bull Run was quite refreshing . Having the story take place in two continents is a bit different for her , but I like the American segment quite well . I do hope further William Monk stories will be as good as all the others previously were .
 In Slaves of Obsession , Anne Perry has expanded Hester and Monk 's world to include a trip to America at the start of the Civil War . Monk finds war horrific . Having always considered himself a brave man able to face death he is frightened by his reaction to the destruction . On the other hand Hester rises to the occasion . Her battle experience puts her in the position of strength . This glimpse into his wife 's past fills Monk with admiration and a greater understanding of Hester 's past.All the characters have a noble obsession , which contributes to their downfall . Whether is it love or glory or freedom it infects their reason bringing death in its wake . The plot is clever and holds the reader 's interest.An excellent novel , I highly recommend it
 SLAVES Of OBSESSION takes place in the year 1861 in Victorian England , and takes the reader across the Atlantic Ocean to the American Civil War and the Battlefield at ManassasThe story begins in England with a dinner party where William and Hester Monk are the guests of Daniel and Judith Alberton . The Alberton 's are quite wealthy . Daniel , an arms dealer , has apparently made a fortune selling weapons . Merrit , their daughter is also there . She appears to hang on the words of one of the guests . The dinner is rather tense since two of the guests are young American men . Philo Trace is a Confederate sympathizer and Lyman Breeland is a Union officer . Both men are there to buy guns to be used in the American Civil War . Daniel Alberton has to decide to which of the two Americans he will sell his weapons.When an unexpected death takes place , William Monk , as an investigator , is determined to find the killer and travels to America to do so.This story really held my attention because it brought the American Civil War into the fray and gave the reader a different outlook of that time period .
 If I 'd had known how good this book was , I 'd have gotten it from the library when it first came out in hardcover ! I ca n't remember when I last enjoyed one of Anne Perry 's books so much .
 This book was an intricate victorian mystery with historical overtones and I enjoyed it . But I was confused during the whole book , looking for Lyman Breeland to be revealed as some kind of dual personality or undercover spy , because the flyleaf write-up on the hardbound version refers to him as Lyman Breedlove . What gives ? I spent the whole book looking to solve this puzzle and by the end it was obviously a -LRB- major -RRB- publishing faux pas . Anybody else find this ?
 It 's no wonder Anne Perry is a writer whose work I look for . Her main characters are so human , and so lovable . The way she incorporates history into the story , you can believe that the tale is an actual part of the true history . She is so talented and creative.Slaves of Obsessions evolves with the guns needed for the Union and Confederate States of America to fight the Civil War . You will find a devoted family , the Albertons , in the center of it , complete with an idealist daughter passionate on the subject of slavery . There is a triple murder , the daughter disappears , and guns are stolen . Mrs. Alberton hires our heroes , William and Hester Monk , to find answers . The case takes them to the battlefields in America , the trial in England , with another hero , Oliver Rathbone , as the guy with the right questions . The story has Hester running for her husband 's life , bringing the good guys to the rescue in the nick of time . And thank God , we do not want to be losing the Monks . There are more mysteries to solve .
 This book brought the Civil War to life for me and showed the darker side of fighting for a nobel cause . This was the first book I have read by Anne Perry and I really enjoyed the simple , yet elegant way that she writes her mystery novels . She does not need to use overly elaborate symbolism or words to make a great novel . Instead it is a beautifully written `` who-done-it '' that keeps you guessing all the time . This is a good book for anyone who likes mystery novels from Nancy Drew to Agatha Christy .
 The book came in a timely manner , and in very good shape , unfortunately I all ready read it ! I donated it to a library . I have read all of her books to date .
 While England remains at peace , across the Atlantic , the first major battle of the Civil War occurs . Agents from the opposing forces try to buy arms from Daniel Alberton . When William and Hester Monk meet Daniel , his wife Judith , and their daughter Merrit , Lyman Breeland demands the arms merchant sell to the Union while Philo Trace wants the weapons to go to the Confederacy.Alberton does not favor one side over the other , but will honor the deal he made with Trace . Merrit loves Lyman , who she sees as a hero . Not long afterward , Alberton and two of his men die and the guns and ammo are missing . Merrit and the Union soldier travel to America with evidence showing that she and her suitor committed the crimes . Judith Alberton asks the Monks to find her daughter and return her to England . As the Monks work on the case , they begin to wonder who are the victims and who are the criminals?Anne Perry always writes a memorable Victorian mystery that leaves her myriad of fans shouting masterpiece . The glimpse of the American Civil War from the British side is as enlightening as much as observing the English justice system at work . SLAVES OF OBSESSION is constructed in such a way so as to the make the mystery seem obvious until the protagonists begin to dig for the truth . The novel turns into a personal coup for the author showing yet again the degree of talent and confidence Ms. Perry has.Harriet Klausner
 This is one of the best William Monk/Hester Monk mysteries yet . I was , I confess , disappointed with `` The Twisted Root '' . I had so looked forward to seeing the relationship between Hester and William after they -LRB- finally -RRB- married . This is the book that Perry should have written just after `` Breach of Promise '' . And I 'm glad to see Oliver Rathbone back again . I 'm also glad that Perry does n't have him simply recover from Hester 's marriage to another man , but has him deal with the pain.Perry is extremely good at making her characters human . In these books , the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' are not so easy to tell apart . In this story , the man who fights for the right cause is a pompous , vain jerk whom very few can sympathize with , while the man on the wrong side is a very likable person . I wo n't say any more , lest I spoil the book , but I highly recommend it for fans of this series .
 Anne Perry -- certainly the `` queen of Victoriana '' -- thrusts her inimitable duo , William and Hester Monk -- right in the middle of the American Civil War -LRB- it 's 1861 -RRB- in `` Slaves of Obsession . And with her usual writing abilities , Perry treats her readers to another exciting episode in this series.Extortion is the subject here , as Monk , former policeman and now working privately , is hired to track down a killer who has fled to America , and , combined with murder early on , this investigation begins to have so many aspects that it can not be called `` simple . '' Perry is good at this , however , and never seems to lose track of her goal . She is also good at incorporating history into her police procedurals and pulls no punches as she addresses the slavery issue , arms shipments , and medical practices of the time -LRB- Remember , Hester was a nurse during the British Crimean War and now renders aid on the Manassas battlefield ! -RRB- . Perry , using her standard powers of description and episode , readily shows the carnage , the butchery of the battlefield in readily graphic depictions . Her descriptions , as usual , are not for the faint at heart . By the book 's end , of course , Monk has sorted out the convoluted paths to justice and sensibility . American readers may praise `` Slaves of Obsession '' as one of her best , owing to the locale ; regardless , this book shows a maturity that perhaps was there in , say , `` Cater Street Hangman . '' ...
 A dark tale that deals with the concepts of obsession , betrayal and love . Anne Perry with her usual brilliance spins an intricate tale that will keep the reader glued to the page . A word of caution though
 I did n't expect much from this book , the reviews were n't great . I liked it a lot . I bought the book some time ago and had n't gotten around to it because of the reviews . When I sat down and started reading I finished it which frankly is unusual for an Anne Perry book . I like her writing but sometimes it does n't grab me right away . This book did grab me and I remain a devoted fan of Ms. Perry . I have ordered her next book and will not let it sit on the shelf before reading it .
 Anne Perry is an exqusite writer . Her prose is beautiful and she evokes the era of Victorian England in a wonderful and believable way . In the latest book of this series William Monk and his bride Hester are invited to dinner at the home of Donald Alberton , an arms dealer . An unpleasant scene occurs when Lyman Breeland , a passionate supporter of the Union discovers that Alberton has already promised a shipment of guns to Philo Trace , a southerner . Alberton 's daughter , Merrit , is in love with Breeland and she argues with him for her father to support the anti-slavery stand . Alberton claims that he has promised the guns to Trace and can not back out of the deal , despite his personal feelings about the war in America . Breeland and Merrit flee and one of the main characters is brutally murdered . Breeland 's watch is found near the murder scene , which puts the suspicion squarely on him . The rest of the book shifts to American Civil War battlefields and then to a courtroom in England . The identity of the murderer is elusive and is twisted with personal and political motives . As always , Perry provides a very good read .
 I 'm used to Anne Perry coming up with a twist in the motive that catches me by surprise even when the killer was spotted much earlier in the book . I wasted my time trying to think of the most lurid possible motive . On the other hand , the Secret of the Incredible Disappearing Barge was one I had n't seen coming.I give nothing away by stating that Lyman Breeland is a jerk cut from the same cloth as Peter Kreisler from TRAITOR 'S GATE . In fact , I could hear Lady Vespasia commenting on their type in my head during one of his early appearances . But does that mean he 's guilty?Philo Trace seems to be a really great guy even if he is from the slave-owning South . Is it all just a mask?I 'm not going to automatically condemn one side or the other in my country 's Civil War . My father 's family fought for the South . My mother 's family is from the North . I thought Anne Perry did a pretty even-handed job of presenting Breeland and Trace 's viewpoints . However , I do n't recall any of the English characters comparing or contrasting the American Civil War with England 's Civil War . I found that odd.At least having Hester and William at the scene of a bloody battle , besides being the best part of the book , enabled William to understand Hester better . I wonder if Hester is going to exhibit symptoms of post-traumatic stress syndrome in a later book.Speaking of later books , I hope Anne Perry follows up on the tantalizing clue to Monk 's past discovered in this one . Could he really have done anything as disgusting as he fears he might have?Have fun speculating on whether Ms.Perry meant anything by giving her characters names such as `` Lyman '' , which sounds like `` lie , man '' ; `` Meritt '' , and `` Philo Trace '' . Do n't expect much from the courtroom scenes , although I did like the way Rathbone 's opponent gave Breeland a well-deserved setdown .
 Having been intrigued by the characters in the Monk series from the first , I 'm happy to have just read Slaves of Obsession . I do n't always think the plots in this series run smoothly , but I think Perry did a nice job with this one . While there are of course characters going around broadcasting their philosophies -LRB- after all , this is Perry -RRB- , they are different ones than we usually read , and by different people . The elements in the story seem to be well-balanced and the ending makes sense in light of the rest of the story . And how interesting to read about the American civil war from a British perspective ! Perry has also done nice work with portraying Monk and Hester 's relationship .
 This book has exactly what Elton John plays on the piano , for pretty much all of his best songs . It even includes some of the other instrumental parts if you want to incorporate some of them into your playing . Awesome stuff for anyone who wants to learn to accompany these songs . Elton John was quite a good pianist though so some of the parts can be quite hard if you 're not a competent piano player .
 These songs are the real thing-written by SEJ himself ! The level is intermediate to advanced but I am going to enjoy the challenge .
 First of all this is a great keyboard book , for learning the precise methods for playing some of Elton 's excellent work . The quality of the transcriptions is great . You 'll learn a ton.My only complaint is with regard to 4 of the songs selected for this type of detailed transcription treatment . Specifically , you will find the following 4 songs to be uneducational : - Honkey Cat -LRB- 10 pages of very repetetive material . Wasteful -RRB- - Crocodile Rock -LRB- Not a great song for learning the Elton style . If you want the chords , you can find them anywhere -RRB- - Empty Garden -LRB- Same comment -RRB- - Friends -LRB- Same comment -RRB- Now do n't get me wrong ; All of these are great songs , but these 4 are not worthy of a book devoted to detailed transcriptions of intricate material . Every other song in the book is worthy , and is also transcribed excellently . Again a great learning tool.Here are 4 songs that should have been done in place of the 4 above . Then the book would be a solid 5 stars ! - Take me to the Pilot - Funeral for Friend - Loves Lies Bleeding - Skyline Pigeon -LRB- live version keyboard arrangement -RRB- Bottom line
 Accuracy and helpfulness is high ... generally accurate , and definitely helpful when trying to emulate Elton 's songs , -- especially if singing and working to catch essence of EJ 's original recordings.Wish I 'd had these in the 70 's !
 This book is perfect for the advanced-intermediate piano player . After working with these songs you will see a great increase in your chord sight reading , plus these are a lot of fun , although Elton 's vocal range is sky high . The down side is some of the songs do n't include all the instruments -LRB- such as bass/backing vocals/guitar in Candle in the Wind -RRB- and some songs can not really be played solo piano by the arrangement given because they incorporate xylophones , piano II , electric piano , or whathaveyou -LRB- Crocodile Rock , Honky Cat . -RRB- Still a tremendous amount of fun . Worth every cent .
 I just received the three books and they are great . As you progress reading and listening to what you play , you can recognize their notes -LRB- BJ , EJ , Beatles -RRB- as actually performed . Great to see how those songs come out from your hands and piano !!! But . . Song for Guy is missing !!! May be in a next edition . They are worth your money .
 Item came in very good condition and is exactly that of which was described . Would recommend to others . A definitely deserved 5 stars .
 My 13 year old Granddaughter wanted music by Elton John to play on the piano . This was a great book and had a lot of songs in it but I think she needs to learn a little more on the piano first .
 Extremely valuable if you call yourself an Elton John fan that plays piano . Get the similar Billy Joel one too . Can you buy me the Beatles one though , I do n't have that yet ! It has though a couple songs that could 've been edited out -LRB- Friends -RRB- . The book goes to show how good a musician Elton is by the difficulty of the music !
 Extremely valuable if you call yourself an Elton John fan that plays piano . Get the similar Billy Joel one too . Can you buy me the Beatles one though , I do n't have that yet ! It has though a couple songs that could 've been edited out -LRB- Friends -RRB- . The book goes to show how good a musician Elton is by the difficulty of the music !
 I DO N'T Play an instrument , but I enjoy any books that featureEJ ! Lots of wonderful pix & information . Great books for collectors like myself !
 Before reading this book , I thought that it might be just another usual collection of EJ 's sheet music , where the piano arrangement is nothing but a repetition of the vocal lines in chords . But much to my astonishment , it is ` nt . Being a fan of EJ for over 20 years who enjoys playing his songs -LRB- for leisure only , of course -RRB- , I can tell from the transcriptions , simply by looking at it , that the Publisher is true in advertising it as the authentic piano transcriptions . The only complaint I have with this book is that there are 2 to 3 songs which are in fact not that popular , and should have been replaced by more popular ones such as `` Sorry seems to be the hardest word '' and `` Skyline Pigeons '' etc. . I am also puzzled why `` Friends '' were included but `` Seasons '' were not . Anyway , this is only a minute flaw which bears no significance comparing with the great joy that I get from this book . I hope that the publisher will consider publishing Vol . 2 . One word of opinion
 Here you 'll find Elton John 's music transcribed down to a tee . This is a welcome change to nonsensical ` interpretations ' that conspicuously sound exactly the same as the melody line . You want to play ` Bennie and the Jets ' from the starting heavy chords to the verse to the jazzy piano solo , here you go . Blue Eyes , Rocket Man , Someone Saved My Life Tonight -LRB- excellent song -RRB- ... it 's all here . In some instances -LRB- like Honky Cat for example -RRB- , there 's just no point in bothering to learn the music EXACTLY , because Elton John just improvised within chords in the first place . So it 's best for you to do the same unless you want to pore through pages of the same music phrased slightly differently . Next time it would be better to include the more ` precise ' songs in Elton 's catalogue.Anyway , this is a great collection . Some of the songs are n't very well known but get the album they 're on and you 're away . Hours of fun .
 If you are thinking about buying this book it may be helpful to know what 's included.Bennie and the JetsBlue EyesBorder SongCandle in the WindCrocodile RockDanielDo n't go breaking my heartDo n't let the sun go down on meEmpty GardenFriendsGoodbye Yellow Brick RoadHonky CatI guess that 's why they call it the BluesLittle JeannieMona Lisas and Mad HattersRocket ManSomeone Saved My Life TonightSorry Seems to be the Hardest WordTiny DancerYour SongIf you 're like me , then as you play these pieces you notice yourself making breakthroughs in your playing . Although I am still working through this book , I particularly enjoyed working on pieces such as Bennie and the Jets , Rocket Man , and Your Song.I highly recommend this book , and hope you found this helpful .
 This is the best book of Elton John 's sheet music I 've ever found . The transcriptions are almost perfect . My only complaint is a couple of the songs that were n't included -LRB- Levon , Burn Down the Mission -RRB- , but the songs that are included more than make up for it .
 I bought this book a few years ago , and have been enjoying it immensely ever since . It is very true to the original recordings , and is good for several things . Students of music will learn piano voicings , chord changes , licks , and solos of one of the best piano players in popular music . That will make you a better player and better songwriter , if that 's your thing . I 'm not a great piano player , but my playing has vastly improved partly because of hours spent at the piano playing tunes from this book . Some are more difficult than others and will challenge the experienced keyboardists . Others are fairly simple and easier for the intermediate players . Either way you will greatly benefit from this book , whether you want to play these tunes backed up by a band , whether you are learning these tunes for your own gigs , or whether you just want to entertain yourself at home . -LRB- a big plus
 I found this book to be a great resource not only for performing Elton 's songs but to analyze his stylistic traits and chord progressions from a theoretical standpoint . After sitting down for two hours just listening and reading along -LRB- which I recommend doing -RRB- , I feel like I real know Elton -LRB- musically , that is -RRB- . A must-have if you plan to cover these songs in a band or just entertain yourself and your friends.Having said that , I think the editors got a little lazy in parts . The ` fills ' as they call them are not consistently written and hard to follow when playing . There are also a few ` throwaway ' songs , made to make the book longer but having no real appeal to anyone except EJ freaks . I 'd much rather have Levon , Take Me To The Pilot , Grey Seal , Burn Down the Mission and Funeral for A Friend than Empty Garden , Blue Eyes , Friends and Little Jeannie . We 'll have to hope for additions in the 3rd Edition , but what 's in there is more than enough to get your feet wet ! Enjoy !
 This book has revolutionized the way I play the keyboard . Often times , printed sheet music is only a loose guide for what is actually played on a recorded track . This book is almost verbatim what Elton is playing on the original recored versions of the tracks . This book is a definite for any serious musician and or Elton fan . It is very accurate and wonderful for an average player and for a seasoned player to expound upon and improvise . I agree with another reviewer that they should publish volume 2 for sure !!! and 3 and 4 !!!
 I am interested in getting the original EJ piano music as I had a similar inclusive book years ago - and I HATE the silly chord melody arrangements-BUT AMAZON NEEDS TO LIST WHAT ALL THE SONGS ARE SOMEWHERE just like they do in a CD !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get with it Amazon - it is hard to buy when you do not know what is in there !
 Good transcriptions and most are not too difficult to play . Everybody has their favorite Elton tunes but I would liked to have seen more tunes where the piano was prominent like `` Burn Down the Mission '' among others . Overall very good value
 I enjoyed Life
 What a great job done by Dr. Monday ! It is a go with the flow book and acceptance of what life brings you . It looks like it could be helpful for both adults and children to handle the stresses of life . I could imagine children going through a life-changing situation , such as separation , divorce or death of a family member learning from this book .
 In just a few pages , important life lessons are taught by an adorable little turtle . Turtle especially reminds us to enjoy the present moment and not live in fear of the future.This book should be read again and again by adults and children.I will definitely share this treasure of a book with my family and friends .
 this books whose 1928 version is highly sought after , capitalizes on the former , but includes more modern topics of relevance to today . the lions share of this text is unchanged as to style and philosophy . highly based on advanced calculus . for an exhaustive review see the following
 I did n't believe I would be able to do this ! It has had a great impact on the business production of my office . Just wish I 'd found the book ten years ago ! Heartily recommend it ! Jack
 I wanted a wine book that was much more portable than the massive Wine Spectator Ultimate Buying Guide so that I could slip it into my pocket and visit the wine store or the supermarket . After reviewing this and other options -LRB- such as Hugh Johnson -RRB- , I decided that Oz Clarke 's book was the way to go.I got to know Clarke from his appearances on the New York Times Wine Today site , and have to say that this book is as well-organized and informative as I was led to expect . Every inch of this small book has information on it
 I like reading about the Old West in the 1800s . Time Life books has reprinted a great group of leather bound Old West Classics -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- . John C. Duval 1870 wrote a classic true story about Big Foot Wallace , a 6ft 4in Texas frontiersman , Indian fighter , ranger and soldier against Mexico.The 291 page book reads well with no boring parts . Some B/W illustrations too . I 'm glad Duval left out the slang and misspellings of frontier English and used a normal modern English.We see Big Foot Wallace originally from Virginia living in Texas . We see him as a level headed frontiersman who hunted deer , turkeys and bear and honey . We see his escapades with rattlesnakes and tarantulas . Wallace did have a sense of humor . Parts of the book are funny.Then we see him as an Indian hunter who really wanted to be left alone by the Indians but if his possessions were stolen or if threatened would fight and kill them with a vengeance . We see him captured by Indians and living as an adopted `` son '' by an old squaw and later helped to escape by her other son.Later we see Big Foot Wallace as a ranger and a soldier against Mexico . He is captured and some men are sentenced to be executed by Santa Anna . They draw black and white beans . If black they are killed . Luckily Wallace draws a white bean and after a few years as a prisoner is released.We see him in New Orleans getting used to city life . Then he gets news he is to report to Virginia to get part of an inheritance.Later he tries his hand at farming on 200 acres he bought and built a small ranch house . He hates farming.I wo n't ruin the ending for you.Here is a good book showing true stories of Texas frontier life , Indian fighting and soldering against Mexico and much more . An interesting classic . Anyone interested in the Old West will like this book . 4 stars .
 Interesting Texas stories told with a twang that rings true . Bigfoot was pure macho . He came to Texas to kill the man who killed a family member of his , and ended up killing many men who were trying their dang-dist to kill him .
 If Big Foot Wallace actually experienced these events he was a great frontiersman , Or was he a great storyteller ? Everyone interested in western history will enjoy this book .
 This book takes place in Soledad , CA . It taking about two migrant workers Lennie and George . George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' . `` Lennie , a huge man has the mind of a young child '' . George like a father that taking care his trouble son Lennie . Lennie is a trouble maker , he made a lot of trouble . Finally George ca n't help Lennie and he use a gun point on the back of lennie 's head.Read on to find out what happened next.I give this book 5 stars , beacuse I like John Steinbeck 's books .
 Of Mice and Men is a fantastic book about two wanderers always on the move trying to get their dream house . George , one of the main characters is the brains of the two and always looks out for his partner is mentally challenged whose name is Lennie . Lennie has a liking for soft things and never lets go when he has too . This gets him and George into trouble frequently . Finally George has to make a decision . This book shows many themes such as friendship till the end and never giving up . The dramatic ending makes for a great book . It 's a must read .
 Of Mice and Men is an epic tale about the strength of friendship . Set on a farm in the West , this story shows that no mattter what , friendship lives on , right up until death . The main characters are a small , quickwitted man named George and his best buddy , a large oaf named Lennie . Lennie , who is mentally challenged , is constantly getting made fun of , and most of the time he does n't even realize he is being made fun of . George looks out for Lennie , and they plan to one day get a house of their own , and Lennie will get to tend the rabbits . However , Lennie has one big problem ; he loves to pet things , but sometimes the things do n't like to be pet . This is the source of all his troubles , and at the end George is left with a tough decision . The ending of this book is amazing , and I really enjoyed it .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was set during the Great Depression in CA . In this book there are two characters called Lennie and George . They are the two migrant workers , who had travel together and they want to save some money and buy a ranch of their own . George is a small person , & iexcl ; quick and dark of face & iexcl ; . He always takes care of Lennie and he act like a father to Lennie . Lennie is a huge man and has a mind of a child . He always gets into trouble . Every time when Lennie gets into trouble , George always gets him out of the trouble . Lennie acts like a son to George . Will George and Lennie make their dream come true or will Lennie & iexcl ; s weak mind and strong body destroy their dream?The book Of Mice and Men is a good book . I will rate it as four stars . In this book , it has a lot of conflicts and events . Also it tells us how important friendship is event if it is a very hard time . Friendship will help you get through anything .
 This is a book you 'll never forget reading . Its a classic from beginning to end . The characters are like many people we know . Some are kind and caring , some simple and some are mean and manipulating . This tale helps us remember that sometimes all we have , is each other . And , that `` Friendship '' is more than a word .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck , takes place in Soledad , C.A. , during the Great Depresion.The two main characters of the book are George and Lennie.They are good friends.Their relationship is complex and is like father and son.One of the theme of the book is '' Friendship '' . This is the case of Lennie and George.But do you think that this relationship will be forever?Personally , I recommend this book because it is interesting , and it is a really good story , I give 5 stars to it.I learned that friendship is valuable and when you have a really good friend he/she can become more than a friend `` a Family '' .
 The story took place in Soledad , California during the Great Depression . There were two migrant workers mentioned in this book , George and Lennie . They were best friends . Their relationship symbolizes strong vs. weak . One of them always causes the other trouble . You will think the weak one always causes strong trouble right ? But the truth is , the strong guy -LRB- Lennie -RRB- always causes the weak -LRB- George -RRB- trouble . Why was that ? First Lennie cause tiny problems , then bigger and finally the biggest trouble . Now what and how should the weak one -LRB- George -RRB- help or save his best friend?I give the rate of 4 stars to this book . It 's a great book for love , friendship and at a loss as what to do . The theme of this book is sometimes friends have to force themselves do something that he/she does n't want to . I recommend this book to those young children and adults who have been lost as to what to do .
 this book is an excellent between two friends in the heart of the Great Depression in the 30 's . George , is a witty guy who takes care of his friend george , a mildly mentally challenged guy who can gets paid extremly well when he gets jobs becayse of his strength and determination . But a downward spiral of events tests the friendship of these two men .
 OF Mice and Men was a very good book , i could read it over and over . I have read the book a few time and it gets better every time . John Steinbeck was very creative to think of the character Lennie , and the troubles he was in . I also watch the movie and it did give the book some justice . It was almost the same way I pictured it while reading . In this book you do see the side of someone who is not very smart at all . I enjoyed this book very much and Will more in likely Pick it up again .
 Of Mice and Men was about the best book I have ever read . It 's a story of George and Lenny , two men that have not much more than each other . It 's a captivating book , but not one to read if you like exciting , happily ever after endings . John Steinbeck is not that kind of writer . Everything that happens in the book is foreshadowed , and by the end it has you saying , `` Oh , that 's why he wrote whate he wrote in the beginning . '' It 's a great book and a must read for high school students .
 I thought the book was preatty cool . I liked it because it 's a good story about friendship and how these two guys who have been through everything together were forced to break their friendship because of a tragic accident . It was a very sad book , but overall I thought it was preatty cool !!!
 I just recently read John Steinbeck ` s classic `` Of Mice and Men '' , and I enjoyed it very much . Steinbeck ` s technique of making books come alive is very visible in this novel . The story between the two main characters George and Lennie was very touching , and their experiences on a farm were richly described . But I think that this coming-of-age tale could of been so much better if it were longer and more elaborate . Other than the length , `` Of Mice and Men '' is a fantastic book .
 In this great novel , John Steinbeck captures the ever-hopeful aspect of human nature . He shows us how it 's our dreaming that keeps us going , even when we know success is not likely . Of Mice and Men is a tale of hopes , dreams , and friendship . The two main characters , George and Lennie , illustrate how intelligence and capability are not the most important qualities in a friend . What 's important are shared dreams and the willingness to simply be there for someone . Set in the ranch country near California 's Gabilan Mountains in the 1930 's , this tragic tale depicts the human condition in all its sorrow , beauty , and frailty .
 This moving and interesting tale takes place during the great depression . It is a time when people look out for themselves and no one else . For some reason , George feels honour bound to take care of his mentally challenged friend Lenny . Throughout this tale we are forced to examine the bond that men must forge to stay sane and the responsibilty we have to one another as human beings . A true triumph of a novel .
 I was reading cambridge histories of China when I was 11 , but literary `` classics '' had never impressed me . -LRB- Although I 've liked `` classic '' poems & short stories for years . -RRB- This was good & the ending was sad , but made sense . It was even foreshadowed . If you think this should 've had a happy ending stick with TV sitcoms or kids books . If anyone else knows of a `` classic '' this readable I 'd love to hear about it .
 Steinbeck 's powerful novel is the saddest story this side of Wharton 's `` Ethan Frome '' . I enjoyed it , however , because sometimes tragedies make for more interesting reading . Plus the Old Man and his dog who is shot , if that scene does n't stir emotion in you then check your pulse . God bless Steinbeck .
 I think this book is excellent because it shows the hardships people had to go through in the great depression . The descriptions of the landscapes were captivating . The ending touching . Exactly what I can expect in a good book .
 This book was on the requirement list to enter Honors English I in my town 's high school . I found the book very intriguing . It shows you both life at its worst , and at its best . -LRB- Please do n't ask me to elaborate :-RRB- ! -RRB- The book also gives you an outlook on human nature as a whole . I found this book to be one of the most touching stories I have ever had the priviledge to read .
 This is one of the most touching books I have ever read ! I wo n't say why , though , because that would ruin it if you have n't read it . If you have read it , you know exactly what I mean . This book is brilliant . DO NOT read the ending before you 've read the rest of the book !!!
 This book made me feel like I never have before . I felt a bond with the people in the story and could feel John Stinebecks words in me for a long time after I finished the book . Of Mice and Men made me get to know the ture meaning of brotherhood . I felt better about myself afer reading the story of George and Lennie .
 The book was good in many veiws . But it fell short in pages and the way Lennie was treated . I liked that guy . I believe that this was a down to earth book . - John
 Of Mice and Men was a wonderful book that went to the heart of the readers . Steinbeck did a great job of making the reader feel the pain of the tragedy that never should have happened . I give this book a 10 because it was heart warming but sad and it also gave you a good insight on how each character reacted and what they were like .
 An interesting thing about the title is that it was taken from a poem by Robert Burns
 Steinbeck spins a tragic tale of friendship between a nomadic working stiff and his dim witted friend , a legacy from his dying aunt . The story plays itself out in a depression era farm where the dim wit with his infantile obsession with touching soft things inadventently ends up murdering the attention starved farm owner 's daughter-in-law . His friend is forced to undergo the most challenging tests of his friendship - to put a bullet to his dim witted friend to protect him from lynching .
 The video `` Of Mice and Men '' starring Gary Sinise is wonderful . -LRB- It 's fairly recent - early 90 's maybe -RRB- . My teenage son absolutely loves it ! The actor protraying Lennie is also superb . -LRB- Sorry I do n't know who it is -RRB-
 This book illustrates the friendship between two friends and the mountains they have to climb together . Lennie and George bring the story to life . I felt like I was in the book , so griping . I 'm glad it was on my school reading list . This book will always be a classic.By Fletcher Falls 17 years old
 This book pulls you in and wo n't let you out until you have read through the last page . It captures your heart . It is the story of George Milton and Lennie Small . They struggle together to fight the realities of the American society . All they want is to own a farm of their own with horses , chickens , cows and rabbits . George is short tempered but always looks out for his friend Lenny . Lenny is mentally ill to a degree and thinks like a kid , but he has unbelievable strength . He is a giant man . When he is scared he pets anything soft . It may be a dead mouse that he always carries in his pocket , a dress or a woman 's hair . This book is written in a poetic form . It truely shows the struggle of men looking for jobs what the jobs consist of when they get them . Their relationship is stronger than any other relationship . They are bonded together by the care they have for each other . Unfortunatley , there is a time when you have no control of your friend 's fate ...
 `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck remains properly on the reading lists of high school students because of the regional imagery through succinct dialogue . Unlike `` Grapes of Wrath , '' Steinbeck brings us swiftly into each moment , never letting us linger too long before walking us to the next place.The American Dream has many variations , but always , it is about independence and the pride of being one 's own man . Lennie and George want this independence more than most men , but have less than most men to get there . In their case , it is n't a white picket fence , but a farm where they can raise rabbits.Lennie is not a bright man . He desires to care for someone and to be loved , but is unable to think past his own fear . George tries to protect him , but he too , although smarter than Lennie , is managed by his insecurity and foolishness.The story surrounds Lennie and George 's efforts to get and retain work on ranch near Soledad , and more so , toward their American Dream . The big picture is always with them , but it is the day-by-day difficulties they have with being outsiders . Their intrinsic inability to be free is sheer tragedy , as they both fail again and again to make the right decision.It 's a lonely story about two men who hope more than they can think , who are destined by their misery never to enjoy true companionship and happiness.Few books are as thematically pure as `` Of Mice and Men , '' which follows Man 's search for self and meaning carefully . It is harsh in language and image , and the abstract ideas might be too much for younger readers to comprehend , but any intelligent teen will gain from it where John Knowles ' `` A Separate Peace '' and J.D. Salinger 's `` The Catcher in the Rye '' leave off.I fully recommend `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck.Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 There is not a wasted word in Of Mice and Men . An unforgettable and brillaint work by John Steinbeck . It is clear why this is a classic . Every emotion on the spectrum is represented somewhere in this concise and gripping story of the enduring and heartfelt friendship/guardianship between Lennie and George . I loved it , and to think this was first published in 1937 , it feels like much more modern writing . Reflecting on novelists since , it is clear that Steinbeck was ahead of his time and an early pioneer of captivating American writing . Splendid and tragic .
 This story is a simple one in many ways . It 's about the Depression , class relations , friendship , and how we treat people with disabilities . It has as much relevance today as it did when it first came out . I read it years ago , and I still remember it . As another reviewer mentioned , it says a great deal about the importance of Steinbeck 's message that Lenny has been recreated in so many Warner Brothers cartoons -- he 's an archetypical character.I loved how vividly Steinbeck brought the reader back to the Great Depression . He really showed how difficult that time period was , and the way the `` American Dream '' has been sold to people who will likely never reach it . The relationship between Lenny and George was absolutely wonderful -- I loved that George did try to take care of Lenny , even if I did n't like how he treated him at times . All the characters were full bodied , three dimensional people . The choices Steinbeck had them make seemed sensible . This novel is essentially flawless , and I would reccommend it to anyone over the age of about 12 -- it does have some rather serious themes , so readers who are very young , even if they can read it -LRB- its ' written in fairly simple language -RRB- might find some parts disturbing . If you did n't read this book in high school , read it now -- you 'll be glad you did .
 I like it how john steinbeck picked the characters . George being the smaller individual who had the brains and was a nicer looking guy and Lennie being the very big strong guy with being mentally challenged . george could have went back on his word to lennies aunt and left him to be put in an asylum but he kept his word and took care of lennie and soon became best friends with lots of trusts in each other . Curley 's wife now presomed to me as a kind of girl or woman that sleeps around alot a \ or thats how she acts when she was first introduced but come time to the end she was just looking for somebody to talk to . Curley was a little different he always wanted to picked a fight with the new people that are bigger than him so he would be known as the head huancho.this story was well put together as a wrighter for john steinbeck having his life time thirty years or more years between our time life is pretty much the same beside the migratoty workers which there are still some around .
 George and Lennie are very good friends . They are always doing things together and travel together . Lennie is the one who always makes trouble and Veorge always helps him . But now , Lennie just causes a serious problem that Veorge even ca n't help . Lennie is a huge guy , has a ind of a young child , and George is small and quick . Two of them are totally the opposite , not only the way they look , and the way they act , but they have a same dream . I like this book and I will recommend you to read it , because it is great and it will always give you surprise . Also , you will learn their friendship .
 George and Lennie were the best of friends . Lennie was a huge man . He was a hard worker . Lennie was not very smart . He got himself into alot of trouble because he could not understand many situations . Lennie 's main concern was to pet nice things and that is what got him into the most trouble . With his size , Lennie did not even understand his own strength . George took care of Lennie . He did all the thinking that Lennie could not do himself . He had patience with Lennie , while other could not . No matter what he still stuck with Lennie and took care of him . Together , they had a dream and wanted so bad to reach it that they felt it was always within one step their grasp.This book showed the greatness of friendship . I would recommend this book to my friends because it shows the meaning of friendship and patience . This book is about dreams and how important they are in pushing someone to reach them .
 Fiendship is very important to everyone . In this book Lennie always does something wrong , but he never know what is wrong . George is his only friend , always protects him from danger . They belong to each other . The ranch of Soledad is where they work . In this new work place , Lennie really keeps George in hot water and George has to make a hard choice . They have a sweet dream of land , which belongs to themselves . Will this dream come true ? I like this book , because Steinbeck 's story is so exciting that I held my breath until I finish reading to the end .
 John Stienbeck 's novel , Of Mice and Men , grabs the reader 's attention from the opening scene and does not let go of it until the last page . I usually do not enjoy reading , but this book was able to keep me interested and I actually read it in one sitting , this book is one that you really can not put down once you pick it up . The simplistic storyline allows readers of all levels to enjoy the story and not get lost , yet is not too simple that the novelette becomes boring.At the start of the novel , we are introduced to George and Lennie the novel 's two main characters . They are fleeing from their former hometown because Lennie has gotten the duo into trouble again . It is not that Lennie is a troublesome character , as that he is unaware of his physical strength . This physical stature combined with his nave nature , which is due to his mental disability , causes many problems for him and George . The two dream of owning their own ranch one day with many fields and rabbits for Lennie . To fulfill this dream they work on a ranch to earn and save money . While on the ranch Lennie is subjected to many awkward situations . George 's loyalty to Lennie is often challenged by his friend 's mishaps , he always remains true . Twisting the plot al the way to the end , Stienbeck creates a novelette that teaches us the meaning of a true friend . In enjoyed this book and you will too .
 Two men travel together looking for work . They meet some workers named Curley , Slim , Candy , Carlson , and Crooks who live in a ranch.Lenny and George have to solve many problems in their lives . Lenny has to go through many difficulties as he is mentally challenged.In this novel we can see how the people from low social classes are treated inferiorly.In this tragic novel only one gets out alive !
 Of mice and men - As never before John steinbeck wrote the most integrated story.Lennie was a tall guy with a mind of baby.George was a small guy smart and quick.They were the best friend in the world.They dreamed of a great future but it was all just in their mind.Almost since Lennie was born George has been taking care of Lennie.Lennie Small could ' t get away from problems and also forget everything except his dreams of tending rabbits.I love this story . I thing it was one of the best book I ever read , because it teach me a lot about friendship and also I could n't stop reading into the end .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' writen by John Steinbeek is a book which narrates during the great depression era , the relationship of two men among the indifference of the world around them.Those are George - described as a small and quick and dark of face - and Lennie - a very strong and tall guy who has the mind of a young child.As they travel together , Lennie goes getting them into trables . That 's why they had to move form Weed to Soledad . They only want to reach their dream , to get a own place where yo live , but Lennie 's actions get him into a trable which has awful and irrepable consequences that affect not only himself and George but also other characters of the story.This is a story of loneliness , frienship , loyalty and corage .
 George is smart and intellgent . Lennie is a man like a giant , but has a mind of child . Both of them have nothing in common , but they are best friends . Wherever George goes , Lennie follows . Lennie is always in trouble and George will have to clean up the mass . Together they have a dream for their future , but Lennie gets in trouble again that may stop them from succeeding their dream . I like this book very much , because I learn how important friendships are and that people can never predict what will happen in life . I will recommend this book to my friends , because I want them to know how important friendships are and how love can change people 's lives .
 Steinbeck writes beautiful prose in this very short book . The story unravels rather quickly and the strong connection one feels with the characters is created from the very first pages . The story is about two friends that travel together looking for work on farms in California . Lennie is a very large man with a feeble mind and George is Lennie 's keeper who dreams with Lennie about eventually having a small piece of land where they can have animals and live from it . The book is written using the slang of the 20 's and Steinbeck uses incredible imagery throughout the book . The quick story is bound to touch your heart and linger in your mind days after the last page has been read . Enjoy !
 If you have n't read it , you are to be envied . This is one of the great , rare little literary gems that 'll break your heart . It 's impossible to read this without feeling that you have finally accomplished something , like seeing the Grand Canyon or crossing the Atlantic . It is a beautiful tale , written with great economy , and incredibly has little or no purpose beyond its universe of emotional trial and loss . There is no ideological mission , no politically correct mission . There is no propaganda , which is an incredible thing , given its subject matter . Here we have the real McCoy . In case you had forgotten why books were written or why people read them , take the afternoon off and give this a whirl . You 've got two characters , there is lots of love , and then there is a killing .
 Of Mice and Men was a excellent book . The two main characters are Lenny and George . Lenny is mentally challenged and muscular . He has an obsession with rabbits and likes to pet things that are soft . The problem is that the animals that he pet usually die because he is very rough . Lenny gets him and George in trouble a lot and George always says that he would be better off with out Lenny . In the beginning of the book Lenny does something bad and he and George get chased out of the city . George gets angry at Lenny a lot and is very careful with him from then on . Read this book to see what kind of trouble Lenny gets into that costs him a lot .
 Of Mice and Men was a excellent book . The two main characters are Lenny and George . Lenny is mentally challenged and muscular . He has an obsession with rabbits and likes to pet things that are soft . The problem is that the animals that he pet usually die because he is very rough . Lenny gets him and George in trouble a lot and George always says that he would be better off with out Lenny . In the beggining of the book Lenny does something bad and him and George get chased out of the city . George gets angry at Lenny a lot and is very careful with him from then on . Read this book to see what kind of trouble Lenny gets into that costs him a lot .
 Of Mice of Men was a fantastic book . Even though Lenny is mentally handicaped he is still just like you and I.George Lenny 's caretaker has a bad temper but he sometimes looses his patience while caring for Lenny.Lenny love RABBITS but he kills them by petting them to hard.The book takes place in th Salinas Valley , there is deep river that runs troughout and the sun is shine through the whole day . But as the stroy goes on Lenny is on the run for something that he will regret for the rest of his life.Read this book to find out what Lenny had done and what while happen to him .
 This is my favorite Steinbeck novel . It is a beautiful story and a must read . One of the few books that I would like to read again . Simply put , this is the story of a TRUE friendship between two men , one of whom is mentally challenged . Read it !!
 This piece is ultimate Steinbeck . The author has limited his characters to two major ones and a few ancillary ones . The book is short , however , the tale is told thoroughly . The reader feels so very sorry for George . George is a study of loyalty , decency and patience and how one feels so utterly responsible for the life of another human being-in this case his childhood friend , Lennie , who is somewhat mentally challenged . This book is a sad account of the fragility of human beings and how one person will be loyal to the other person til the end-even if he needs to commit murder to show it . The character , Candy , is so very pathetic too and his comments about '' a stranger killing my old dog '' are so very sad ! One tends to think that it was because of Candy feeling badly about a stranger killing his dog that George does what he does . This is a beautiful book !
 I never thought of Salinas California being so interesting but the author John Steinbeck made it seem like a place I would to go visit.In the book `` Of Mice and Men '' they describe the setting as a ranch in Salinas Valley that George and Lennie worked on.The time period that the story takes place is during `` The Great Depression '' which impacts the story and makes it very different such as in the way they talk and things they do.There were two main characters in the book.One was George , he was a normal size man , strong and smart.The other was Lennie , he was big , tall and muscular but he was retarded . So George was like the caretaker of Lennie because he did ` nt know any better.Mainly this book is about two hobo , s who are trying to fufill their dream fo live of the `` fatta the land '' -LRB- Steinbeck pg .14 -RRB- . I would recommend this story to eighth grade and above because it is kind of a challenge to understand but it 's a very good book.I like this book because it is very different from many books that i have read.But one thing about this book that i like is that it 's very unique .
 This reading by Gary Sinese is the BEST . He uses different voices for each character . The audio translates the true spirit of the novel .
 I just finished reading this novel for school . It was such a heart warming story about George Milton and his mentally retarded companion Lennie . They begin working on a ranch that they desire to eventually buy and overcome many obstacles while working there . The ending of this novel was totally unexpected to me and I love when stories have a twist . The movie was just as great ! I think I will read the Pearl next because it 's in my closet and John Steinbeck has such an original writing style that makes me want to keep reading . I highly recommend this book if you enjoy classics . Everybody has to read this book some time in their life , so go out and get it !
 John Steinbeck , a name that will remain in the literary history books forever . His writing is broadly criticized and marveled at ; he was one of the most controversial writers of his time . Despite the dark veil he often wrote behind there are many gems of wisdom to be had about the way life was , and is . I have read other books of his such as
 THE BOOK WAS OLD & A BIT WORN BUT IT GOT THE JOB DONE . THANKS
 It 's just like I remember it from my long ago high school days . I have always liked John Stienbecks work and still enjoyed this one . Grapes of Wraft and the Pearl are next on my list .
 This classic novel tells the tragic tale of Lennie Small and George Milton . They are out of luck and out of work migrant workers roaming the highways of California during the 1920s . The depression is the backdrop for the story but that does not prevent Lennie and George from dreaming big . Steinbeck paints a masterful and brilliant portrait of a bygone era that still resonates today . Every time I read this book it reads differently . This is required reading for most high schools . Fifteen years after I originally read I still love it . However , the difference between reading it at 14 and 28 is amazing . Lennie and George are some of the best characters of 20th Century Literature . I highly reccommend picking this one up .
 Of Mice and Men is one of JohnSteinbecks most famous novels and one of his best.The relationship between George and Lennie the two main characters is powerful and thy are memorable . There is foreshadowing that is effectivein several areas.Lennie has trouble with women becausehe has no understanding of them or any subtlenessi n relationships or anything else and a tramp wife who hates her husband means trouble . The novel is definitely tragic but it earns it and is not manipulative a great small novel
 This is an authentic , somber tragedy , set in early 20th century California . We follow a dreamer , and his companion who is a child in a giant 's body . They travel from place to place on foot to find work then to finally end up on a farm where dreams and life come to an end.Stienbeck depicts these pathetic , hard , and lost lives with an eye for detail . This is a simple story with a simple dialect . A good read.LORD BlessScott
 I 've always made a big deal about how much I do not like Steinbeck or Hemingway , but after reading a couple of both of theirs this year , I have to admit that I LOVE both . As far as Steinbeck , I know that I still despise The Grapes of Wrath , but this is an incredible book . Especially short and easy to read , the writing is simply superb . The characters are well-developed , the dialogue is simple and to the point , and the descriptions are detailed . This book deserves it 's frequent consideration as a classic . And while I still ca n't imagine ever liking GOW , I can no longer dismiss Steinbeck .
 When I first picked up this book I was n't sure if I was going to like it . I did the one thing you should n't do , I judged a book by its cover . As soon as I started reading my mind was changed . I felt attached to Lenny but I also felt George 's pain for having to be with him at all times . The book also teaches history . It describes what it would be like to live like George and Lenny . I have a strong attachment to this book because it was the first book I read that brought a tear to my eye .
 Has it been a while since you 've read a book that you 'll always remember ? The book Of Mice and Men is just that , one you 'll never forget ! It 's about two men named Lenny and George . They travel from work farm to work farm trying to get work . When they end up at a work farm , and things seem great , they even make plans for the future with another man they met at the work farm . An accident happens that will change their plans , and even the way they thought they felt about each other.Lenny is a fairly large man , and is n't the smartest person alive . Although he has a very kind heart , he accidentally tends to kill mice . Lenny , always does what he is told , or at least when he remembers what he is told . Lenny does n't have the best memory either . Even with Lenny 's small faults , he 's a very believable character . However , George is n't as believable . George is a lot smaller than Lenny , but very smart . He takes care of Lenny and himself , trying to keep both of them out of danger . That still does n't change the fact that George would tell Lenny to do dangerous things , so he could look smart . Also , George does n't think Lenny is responsible and would never give Lenny the money that he earned working on the farms.I absolutely recommend this historical fiction book . Once you read the first two chapters , you 're hooked on the book ! I think what made me enjoy the book so much was the very ending , how much of a twist it had , and how it made the reader feel . On a scale of one to ten , I 'd rate this book a nine . This book is one of those books that will just leave a mark . Books do n't get any better than that !
 Short enough to be considered a must read for everyone but still a compelling story . Another steinbeck instant classic every bit as good as Cannery Row or The Pearl
 The book I read was Of Mice and Men . It was written by John Steinbeck . The main conflict of this book was for these two men George and Lennie to make their dream of farming their own farm and where they could raise rabbits come true . They would travel from farm to farm and do work on different farms to make their living.In this book there were many things I liked and a few things I did n't like . The book was very exciting to read . It was so exciting because I was always wondering what was going to happen next and I did n't want to put the book down . I really felt like I was actually in the book . I felt this way because Steinbeck described everything so well , and I could picture every scene that happened . The main conflict interested me a lot . It interested me because there were many obstacles that Lennie and George had to face throughout the book and I just wanted to see if they could make their dream come true . I thought that the characters felt very real . They seemed real because Steinbeck gave the right amount of descriptions about each of them . The ending was very satisfying . It was a bit sad and I think it could have been better but if it ended differently the book would n't have been as good.The author John Steinbeck 's writing style is unusual . The author 's voice is a narrative style and it 's written in the way the characters actually spoke . The characters talk like poor , uneducated people . The author uses vocabulary in an interesting way . He uses poor grammar and slang words to speak like the characters . The author uses a lot of dialog in this book . The two main characters speak to each other a lot . I think that the author is a very good writer because I could actually hear the voice of the characters . He describes things but he does n't go overboard to make it boring.Compared to other books that I have read I would rate this book an eight out of ten . I give it this rating because it was a very good book and held my attention but there were a few parts he could have changed , like the ending . I recommend this book to any guy or girl . It is a very fast and good read.Overall this was one of the best books I have ever read . I would put this book in my top twenty favorite books . I 've read another book by Steinbeck called The Pearl that I did n't really enjoy . I hope other books by Steinbeck are this god . Some other things that happened in this book was that Lennie was n't very educated and George would always have to look out for him . Lennie loved to pet soft things . He would catch a mouse put it in his pocket and pet the mouse and squeeze it so hard that the mouse accidentally died . This would upset George a lot .
 In less than one hundred and ten pages John Steinbeck will acquaint you with an entire farm full of people and make you believe that each person filling it is a desperate loner . In the same number of pages some authors use to kick off a story , Of Mice and Men builds such suspense that you 'll develop the hiccups with the irregular breathing you 'll take up from holding your breath and then exhaling . This is Steinbeck 's most well known novel , and although it is heavy on dialogue , it 's entirely about loneliness , and about the inherent flaws in everything down to nature itself.A few miles south of a city named Solitude in the Spanish tongue , sit Lenny and George
 Set in the 30 's , right after the Great Depression , Of Mice and Men , takes place in Salinas , California , mainly circling around 2 field laborers , Lennie and George.They are the complete opposite . Lennie is gigantic , like a huge gorilla , but has the mind of a kid . While Lennie , is rather short , and ` dark of face ' , seemingly ` sculpted precisely . ' The 2 may seem to make a very unlikely , and dysfunctional pair , but in fact , they are reasonably good friends , but at times , argue a lot . Maybe at the fact of Lennie being a bit retarded , for when he was only a young kid , he got his head banged real hard on something.But either way , they cling to each other , in the ugly face of alienation and loneliness . They get work when they can , for they have a grand plan . To own a few acres of their own land . The whole package . Have their own log cabin , a vegetable field , a cage for the rabbits , for Lennies loves those rabbits , generally their own land they can roam freely upon without hesitation or reluctance or fear.But when they start working around Salinas , for the boss of the son of a guy named ` Curley ' whos only bent on giving George and Lennie , especially Lennie , a hard time , their dream , now really appearing to be merely a dream , begins crumbling before their eyes . It is within their posession ; their grasp of harnessing and achieving . But when it is all said and done , not even George can prevent Lennie 's unswerving obedience to the things he firmly taught him to follow , nor the seductive grace of a beautiful woman -- Curley 's wife.This was my first John Steinbeck book that I have read and finished , and for deciding to pick the book up and read it in the first place , I am very glad for that . After finishing it , I was granted with a heightened sense of admiration and respect toward the author , and I plan to read many more of his books . Read this book -- not only for entertainment and insight into things , not to mention that A grade in your English class , if you ever happen to stumble on having to read this book or having a mandatory book report assigned on it -- but also for the heightened sense of love for literature and admiration and respect towards the author , which this book gave me , and I gurantee , will also give you if you read it .
 The book has long been known as a classic , a masterpiece . The same can be said of Gary Sinese 's reading . It makes the book and the characters come alive , as if they are with you , in the room or in the car . An absolute masterpiece , both in writing and in the reading .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' , written by John Steinbeck is an intriguing book which leads readers through a vast variety of emotions . The story includes two main characters , George and Lennie . George is a very small man with defined features whereas Lenny is the exact opposite . He is huge , almost colossal in fact and is mentally retarded . Because of this , George has to care for Lennie and put forth a lot of extra effort . However , he does not mind doing so because Lennie provides the kind of friendly companionship he desires . The differences between the two characters only serve to bond them closer together . Despite this , they also have one prominent commonality
 This tightly crafted story 's surface level of life for Depression-era farm hands in Caifornia kept my interest even though that 's not the sort of thing I 'm usually drawn to.This book showed me a dimension to humanity I had never before been able to articulate
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is an absolutely stirring , poignant , and tragic portrait of human nature , a book of harsh reality . As a book of only 107 pages , many find it hard to believe that such a short book can have such impact on the reader , in dealing with such a complex subject . This is great testament to the author , John Steinbeck , and his short , sweet , and to-the-point writing style , letting the characters provide the complexity -LRB- there is a LOT of dialogue -RRB- through their interaction . Ranch laborers Lennie and George both seek a real , yet delusional dream , that they want to believe is tangible , but the reality is very different , as others have dreamt it before them , while they at the same time have done absolutely nothing towards the dream 's realization . It is all just an illusion , by those who seek to transcend their current situation in life , just keeping the dream with them , for whenever they need it , for their personal reassurance that one day , things will change . It is worth reading for the last 8 pages alone , for its stirring , disturbing , and tragically humanistic climax . Definitely one of the best fictions I 've ever read . Highly recommended , unless you 're one of those who got the book banned from several school libraries in 1993 and 1994 for `` promoting euthanasia '' ...
 This may be the most rambly review here , but what I can say that I enjoyed this story . The title is borrowed from Robert Burns ' most famous poem `` To A Mouse '' , and has been alluded to so often in modern culture that it has completely become its own cliche . However , the novel uses this title for a good reason as it tells a story of two people , Lennie and George , who like the poem find that their hopes and dreams will never be realized due to their unforeseen but inevitable future reality . It is very much ahead of its time in depicting laborers at the absolute end of their rope , basically blowing through jobs so much so that they are stuck forever in neutral . If you think about it each character has his own crutch that stunts any growth and which makes each day feel the same , reminding me of Brick 's literal crutch later depicted in `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof '' . For example George 's crutch is Lenny , a man he so understands and yet so abhors that he goes into each job knowing Lenny 's Tourette 's like tics and tendencies to clutch things too hard will likely lead to early termination or worse , yet still knows that having Lenny around definitely beats being a nomad alone . Old Man Candy 's crutch is old age , as he is someone whom is so disfigured and far gone that even the ownership of his dog is relinquished from him . After you think long and hard about each character , you understand why Steinbeck makes frequent references to animals , because symbolically that IS what all the main characters are to a large extent.The depth of the characters are all fantastic for such a short story , which is amazing when you consider that there are only six chapters and six jumps of scenery/time . In many ways I think that is why a short story like this is more marketable as a book to teach in school than `` Grapes of Wrath '' which tells a more sweeping epic about a famous epoch in history . `` Of Mice and Men '' is easy to imagine , easy to understand contextually , and most importantly deep enough to require speculation about the true underpinnings of the dialogue and the behavior displayed . The dream that Lennie and George had of living of the land was to them almost like a daily vitamin that would get them through it . It would help Lenny believe in a better life , and it would help George feel better about himself for at least offering Lenny moments of peace dreaming about rabbits . I guess I 'm different in that I feel that George made up this story and never believes in it ever , ever , EVER coming to fruition until old Candy eavesdrops and offers monetary backing to the dream . George almost uses the story to manipulate Lennie to stay with him and trust him , and in that way I see more ambivalence in his character than most.Of course it is a tragedy , as Lennie relapses thrice -LRB- Curley 's hand , Slim 's pup , and Curley 's wife -RRB- into what I can only describe as aggressive acts of non-malice . It seems that things that he likes he cares dearly for , he clutches too hard and in order to quiet down their pain from George he increases his vice grips to disfigure what he touches . After his last fatal encounter with Curly 's sad wife , Lennie knows he did something wrong again and hides in the spot George tells him to , and has hallucinatory dreams condemning himself for negligence . Luckily he finds George and they both have a deja vu type moment of blissful ignorance before George does what is expected of him , which is to kill him for killing Curley 's wife.I guess Steinbeck 's main point is to tell us to loook closer before making judgments on a person 's character . If given a more isolated point of view , Lennie 's character is vulgar and reprehensible . However , his behavior is a result not of personality but of psychological and mental retardation . Much like Candy 's dog , who is innocently shot , Lennie is innocently shot because during the time period was a lot less acceptability to the mentally unstable . There simply was n't enough of an objective back in the '30s to look deeper the inner thinkings of the retarded and regard acts of aggression as more than simple malice . George understands this , which is partly why he is morose all the time in defending Lennie . I also believe that Steinbeck makes sure to give George and Lennie a backstory to prove that George 's intentions were mainly good , and that at the end George was giving Lennie as much mercy as possible without turning himself in as a murderer 's accomplice . Very interesting for as little pages as it was .
 This action packed book was filled with laughs , and tears . George Milton and Lennie Smalls are best friends . They have been working together for life , and one day plan to have a little house with crops and animals . They both go to work on another farm , and it seems to be working out for them , so that one day their dream can come true . But then Lennie gets into big trouble that costs two peoples lives and affects many others .
 Of Mice and Men is about two friends that are on a journey together . Lennie is a big man that is strong , and has memeory problems . George watches over Lennie and cares for him . They are n't related , just friends . Lennie likes to pet soft things , and often leads him to trouble.They got ran out of their old town because of something Lennie did . Now they are trying to get a new job working on a farm , in hopes of geting enough money to get their own farm . George convinces Lennie to work hard and try not to get in trouble . George tells Lennie he can tend the rabbits when the get the farm , as motivation.Read this book and find out what happens to George and Lennie .
 Always ends with a twist ... you 'll never be bored with Steinbeck .
 I thought this was worth the read , and loved the style . I was absorbed in the reading , and I thought the dialogue and characterizations were excellent . Great book !
 When I started college 2 years ago my English professors have always said to read , read , read . So I did and recently I 've been making it a point to read mostly classics.Of Mice and Men was a great read because it 's a small -LRB- unintimidating for anxious people like me -RRB- and it was meaningful and exiting .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck , has a very good plot and good setting . The setting of the book is in Salinas , California . The two characters Lennie and George are two people who have travelled together ever since Lennie was on his own . They have gotten all of their jobs together , and they have gotten fired together . Then they finally get a job as ranch hands and they get paid fifty dollars at the end of each month . While the two are there they meet seven more people , but I will let you figure them out for yourself.During the time they are at the ranch , George and Lennie make a new friend out of the seven others and I will let you figure out the rest for yourself.I recomend this book to people around the age of 12 and up .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinback is a MUST READ kind of book . It takes place in Salinas , California in which John Steinback was born . At first George and Lennie are in the woods along the Salinas River . It was in the time of the Great Depression . It was obiviously in the past which you can tell by the way they talk and their actions . As you read , you feel like you are there with them , standing and talking with them . You can picture their actions and almost hear their accent.George and Lennie are an odd pair . Lennie is very big and strong , but has the mind of a child , for he is retarded . George is small and quick-witted . George takes care of Lennie , but Lennie always finds ways to get them in trouble . Lennie is obsessed with rabbits . `` You forget every thing , but you remembe ' every word i sa ' '' was my favorite line . It shows how Lennie will do anything for George . George and Lennie have always traveled together.Lennie and George have always dreamed of having land of their own . Lennie would have rabbits . By golly Lennie should have the rabbits . George and Lennie work at the ranch hoping to get a little money . George tells Lennie about this small place they would have , but he says it so many times , he starts to believe that it would happen . Then trouble starts on the ranch with Curly 's Wife and Curly . Curly thinks everyone one is messing with his wife and always starts things . So there is trouble on the ranch and Lennie is always in trouble .
 of mice and men is a great book.my favorite character is lennie . lennie is my favorite character because he is so kind , he listens to george and he loves rabbits . lennie is always talking about livin off the fat of the land and tendin the rabbits . lennie is always getting himself and george into trouble and george always get them out . george has to take care of lennie because he has no one else . lennie has to be careful on the ranch because the bosses son curly sufers from little man sindrom and he hates leinne because he is so big . this book is filled with suspence so i would recommend you to read it
 This book , Of Mice and Men by John Steinback , was a very interesting and breath-taking book . It takes place in Salinas , California . The main characters were Lennie and George . Lennie was a big , retarded guy , who always gets himself and his friend George in some kind of trouble . The other main character , George was a tiny , smart guy . George was taking care of Lennie because his Aunt Clara had asked him to when she died . My favorite character was Lennie , because he was very funny . I really enjoyed this book because you never really knew what was going to happen next , kind of like a mystery . Lennie and George have always had the dream to move on a farm and `` Live off the fat of the lan ' . '' For anyone who likes shocking , breath taking and mystery-like books , I would urge you to read this book .
 I 'm not going to give you a summary of this story , as you 'll find many on this page . I 'll tell you this , though , buy this book in the store , they 're overcharging for it here . And aside from that , this book * is * wonderful . I had to read the first chapter for school and read the rest on my own . The imagery is vivid and all of the characters , from the least important to the main two , Lennie and George , breathe a life of their own . Another good one by John Steinbeck is ` The Pearl . '
 I have just recently read the book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck and it is one of my all time favorites . John Steinbeck depiction of the farmland of the early 1900 's was incrediable . The book is about two guys George and Lennie . George is the brains and Lennie some how screws everything up . Lennie has a good heart and good intentions but he is definatly clumsy . Even though the book is only about 120 pages long , it is so good , it ranks up there with the long books i 've read . Just an awesome book all the way around . If i could i 'd give it more than 5 stars .
 The book of mice and men is about two migrant workes who travel to have a better life . the main charaters of this book are George Milton and Lennie Small they are in the GREAT DEPRESSION . Geroge and Lennie have to confort many problems.This book is really good i recomend u that read this book because it is very nice . GO READ IT FAST ! ...
 George Milton and Lennie Smalls are two migrant workers from great depression.They are going to Soledad California In 1937 . George is small and quick , but Lennie is big strong , and has a small mind.Lennie seems to be a gentle , dumb , mentally retarded man.They go to different places because Lennie always gets in trouble . They do n't have a family to care for them.George and Lennie have each others to talk to them.They plan to save their money.They want to change their life in their futures.Lennie and George are working very hard in the bunk house with other workers.The other workers always fight and never stay together , because they are best friends and they need each other , so they do n't feel lonely.They go from town to town for a good life . I recommend this book for people who want to know the significace of life , of friendship , of trouble , and the work .
 George and Lennie are best friend . George is a small guy but he has a quick mind and is dark of face . Lennie is a huge man , and has the mind of a young child . They feel lonely . They need each other . they work togeter and begin their dream in the bunkhouse . Those days , some conflicts happen in this little house . And then , George and Lennie needto face these problems.I love this book . The book is great as welll . Because it completely decribes everybody . I can see the hardship of their lives . Sometimes you have no choice . I learned something from this book . What happens in the bunkhouse ? How do george and lennie face their problem ? You will only find out if You read it ! I think you can learn something from this book too .
 I had to read my mice and men in 8th grade . So it would be easier , I got the book on tape . It was easier indeed . Of mice of men is one of the best books that i have ever read . I think that it is great the relationship between Lennie and George . And how the other 's character just fit into the book . I would totally recomend this book to ANYONE
 When this book begins , it seems to be a simple , realistic view of two farmhands during the early part of the century . However , it is soon evident that through these people and thier lives so unlike ours , something about the human character , and even ourselves , is revealed . Even though he kills the girl , I feel that there is something about Lenny that makes you feel for him and want to shelter him from anyone who means harm . I enjoyed this book immensely , but I warn you -- after reading this book , you will feel sad and depressed . Even now , I feel terrible for Lenny , the fictitious character that I 've never met .
 This book was just the bomb . I just can not see how anyone could ever write such a telling , sad , touching , realistic story in just 110 pages . If nothing else , John Steinbeck was a great man of words ; he had a true understanding of human nature . To disect this book would be a crime . Just read it and enjoy it for what it 's worth .
 My name is Adam Moulton and I am 14 , and loved Of Mice And Men . It is a great book to read if you enjoy classics I guarentee you will love this book . It is based around two great charecters George , and lennie . It is a sad touching book . It is a great book for beginners to experts . It is a great gift to give . If you enjoyed The Red Poney , To Kill A Mocking Bird , Travels With Charley , etc. then this is the book for you . Read this book .
 This book is really a WINNER . I have been looking for this book a long time ago , and finally ; I found it . John Steinbeck has really scored high on my `` Score List . '' Although it is only a short 107 pages , it has a really interesting plot to it . In the beginning the two men are family , BUT at the end , it becomes a tragedy . If you are looking for a book that will touch your soul , order it now and I guarantee it `` you '' will love it.After you 've read it , you can e-mail me and tell me what you think !!!
 This book is for the one 's who do n't have time to read or know what style of writing they like . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a book that almost anyone can read in a day . You 'll silently pray for the outcome that seems so close , yet so far away ; you 'll rejoice for Lennie putting a stop to the beating by the man with a `` glove fulla vasaline ; '' and you 'll shudder at the shocking conclusion that you should have expected throughout the whole novel but do n't . If you like tragedy , comedy , suspense , or irony , you wo n't be able to put `` Of Mice and Men '' down
 One man 's struggle is another man 's accomplishment . `` Of Mice and Men '' is an intriguing book , which should be recommended to all due to the moral of the book , teaching you about friendship , and overcoming struggles . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a touching tale of the friendship between two men set against the backdrop of the United States during the depression of the 1930s . The book draws a reader such as myself due to friendship that triumphs over the odds . After analyzing the reviews , I came to understand that `` Of Mice and Men '' was not just a book , but also rather a novel of its time . Many students and adults in the world read `` Of Mice and Men '' today . A book , which catches the eye of all ages is a book worth reading due to it meeting the standards of various styles of audiences.The author uses variety methods of influence such as overgeneralization , bias , stereotype , and association in the novel . The novel examines many of the prejudices at the time
 If you read some of Steinbeck 's work , you will soon discover that he has some wonderful short stories , i.e.
 I will not spend a lot of time in detail here , but I have always loved this story although the ending is hearth wrenching . That just goes to show you how real it is , realistic , dramatic and gripping tale set in an America that was not so long ago . If you are a younger person wanting to expand the fictional horizons of your library this would be a good book to start with . I first saw the TV movie of it when I was in Junior High and never forgot it . Years later I bought this Centennial Edition and now have probably read it four times . It is just one of those stories that has so much power with the power of love , but also carries a world of pain . Do n't read my review any more just go read this novel if you have not already !
 The book Of Mice & Men , by John Steinbeck , is one of the saddest and most moving books I 've ever read . I could barely get through the fifth chapter without bursting , and when I 'd done THAT I cried hysterically . I wo n't give anything away ... but let 's just say it 's downright sad . This story is cyclic , which means it begins and ends in the same place . It centers around two main characters
 One of Steinbeck 's greatest stories , Of Mice and Men tells the tragic tale of two ranch hands -- the small leader George and his large , retarded friend Lenny -- struggling to survive in central California during the depression . While George looks out for the two , Lenny 's innocent curiosity and brute strength prevents them from settling in one place or realizing their dream of owning their own farm . It is the type of heart warming story only Steinbeck can write and the realistic description and charged emotion throughout is unbeatable . This is one of my favorite Steinbeck stories because it can be enjoyed with a quick , cursory reading , but there are several other levels to explore within the novella if you choose to spend the time . It is a very short story -- perfect for a junior high book report or a relaxing afternoon on the couch . I highly recommend this book .
 This really is a perfect story and you should set aside an evening to make sure that later in life , you 'll have read it . It is a perfect drama because the author tells you what happens without reflecting on why or explaining what a character is thinking . There are no subtexts , red herrings , faints or misqueues . All the characters act exactly as you 'd expect and yet the story still surprises.Enjoy
 I first read this book when I was in seventh grade . It was a captivating world , and story . The characters were so full that they seemed to burst at the seams . This book conveys the deeper aspects of life through a simple and beautiful story . It touched me as a young adult , and helped me blossom through the years of pain . It is a book about the roots and fabric of life , that binds humanity together . THIS IS A MUST READ . authors that are able to get to the source of life are the strongest with their message , read steinbeck 's novel and you will understand what I 'm saying .
 This book is one of the classics of American literature , and it 's easy to see why . Rarely in history has so perfect a novel been written , has an author so brilliantly made use of language and story , have characters so vivid and human and real been created . This does not mean merely Lennie and George , but the secondary characters as well ; any of them could have their own novel , so complete has Steinbeck made them . Even Curley 's wife , who is not even given a name , comes to life for the reader in ways that few authors can achieve . The ending will leave you breathless and overwhelmed.The story ? Simplicity itself . Two men , seeking something better than they have , bound by friendship in a world where such a thing is rare in the extreme . It 's a theme that resonates at the very definition of humanity itself , and which Steinbeck handles with the touch of a master.It is hard to rate such a book ; it deserves ten stars . There are other good books about friendship out there , but fine though these may be , they will forever be in the shadow of `` Of Mice and Men '' . Steinbeck 's was one Nobel Prize that was unquestionably deserved .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is a very great book about two men who is looking fore work . Lennie is big and strong as a bull , but not so smart . He is like a child . But George is thin and smal , and he is the brain . The movie of mice and men is like the book , if you have read the book then you must see the movie . George have to watch Lennie all the time , because he foregets allways what George says . But he do n`t foreget that they dream to buy a litle house and a farm with animals . That Lennie is going to take care of the rabbits . But Lennie gets in trouble all the time , and thats not good . In there new jobs Lennie killed a woman and he runs away , and George have to shoot him in the head . And thats the end of the story . The end of the story was not so good , thats because Lennie gets killed . He was a great worker , but he was getting in trouble all the time . Thats is the reason George shoot him i ` ll think .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a tremendous book . It is a very understanding novel that really grabs you . Goerge is the main character . He is a strong-willed honest man . He has been lifelong friends with a `` slow minded '' man named Lennie . They both just lost thier jobs because of Lennie 's bad behavior . They have recieved new jobs and George is vigorously trying to keep Lennie under control in order to keep thier new jobs.You can really feel George 's emotions when trying helplessly to keep Lennie in order . The Plot of the book is fantastic because it has many unexpected twists and turns . I would recommend this book to everyone .
 This book has brought to light troubles I 've had in past relationships with old friends . No , im not saying my friends are behemoth retards , but I now realize that true friendship never lasts . George and Lenny are the prime example of best friends , and their relationship is based on total reliance of one another . `` Of Mice and Men '' is an amazing story and anyone who hasnt already read it , must.Matthew Sinderbrand
 the story of two young men George and Lennie , who travel together and share the same dream of being their own bosses and own a ranch which is the american dream.The story takes place at the Salinas river banks and at a ranch in California.It 's prety good except for its lenght and sort of tragedyyou should read it do to its moral lessons.one of the major themes is lonelinessoverall a good book
 I was assigned this book to read in 10th grade `` American Literature '' class . Suprisingly this book was enjoyable to read and had a few events that caught me off guard . I loved this book and would recommend this to anyone of any age .
 I read this book as a choice in literature class . Reading usually is n't my thing but this book caught my eye . I enjoyed watching the movie Simon Burch and the plot seemed to me as if the movie was based on the book Of Mice and Men . Although Simon Burch is based on the book A Prayer for Owen Meany , the significance of this book ties in with Of Mice and Men . This book is based on an everlasting friendship between George and Lennie . George is a short man and somewhat smart . Lennie was a tall and muscular man ; but seems younger because of his retardation . They were two men with a dream looking for work . George keeps his eye on Lennie all the time , sort of like a father figure . Every time they get in trouble they run from it , trying to look for more work . However , one day Lennie gets them into a circumstance George ca n't get them out of . George has to decide what to do .
 I absolutely loved this book ! John Stienbeck combines a true story of friendship and intertwined unavoidable circumstance along with tragedy , to show realistic fallout . This is a perfect read for those who want to expand their knowledge on the Great Depression ! The symbolism in this book is outstanding ; the title alone is a testament to that . I 'm not sure I found the play script format very useful .
 I read this book as a school assignment and it is one of the few good reading assignments I have ever had . The characters are all excellent ; you almost get to know them through this short book . The ending is sad , in fact the whole story is sad , but is very well done
 `` Of Mice and Men '' will always stick out in my mind as a one of a kind book . It is unfogettable in so many ways . I first read this book in 8th grade and loved it . I then read it again in 9th grade and loved it twice as much the second time around . The characters in the book , George and Lenny are complete opposites , yet at the same time they are a pair . They are both outsiders who need eachother in their hard times and good times . Lenny , being not quite as intellegent as George , goes through a lot . He depends on his friend George to back him up whenever he does something wrong . George on the otherhand is independent . As said before they are completly different people , but in a sense the same . The main story line is very interesting . It has many twists and turns that are completly unexpected . There are some times in the story you will need to pick up a box of tissues and others when you will just laugh . It is an all around great book . I could not put it down , it took me only but a few hours to read the whole thing . And even after you are finished reading you could sit there thinking about what the book actually means for hours at a time . I strongly recommend this book to anyone who is in the mood to enjoy an easy read , but yet at the same time a book that has meaning .
 The two main characters in the story are Leonard Small , and George Milton . They have one dream
 This review goes for the audio cassettes . Gary Sinise 's voice is really incredibly versatile and convincing . I was amazed by the emphasis in his Crook 's monologue `` Books ai n't no good ... A guy needs someone to be near 'm ... '' . Also George 's `` Guys like us are the loneliest guys in the world ... '' and of course Lennie 's and old Candy 's . Such different characters and he can display such a variety and richness of detail in the voices for each of them . Really something to hear .
 Of mice and men is a surprising book . What we mean by this is that as you go reading it , you create your own expectations , that end up having nothing to do with the book itself . The fact that one of the main characters , Lennie , is handicapped , makes the story more real . We all know that it is very difficult to consolidate a relationship with a mentally -LSB- disabled -RSB- person , but the situation John Steinbeck creates and develops , presents more problems and difficulties than you would normally find in a person with those characteristics . This makes the book more moving and touching . The main themes of the story are
 This is undoubtably the best book i have ever read . Like The Grapes of Wrath -LRB- another great book by Steinbeck -RRB- , he ends the book with events that are so emotional you ca n't get them out of your head . I love how he writes -LRB- and i do n't know why one of the other reviewers wrote about how annoying the `` long '' descriptions of the scenery are , because they last only a page ! ... keep in mind that the pages are small and the font is relatively big -RRB- . his characters are so believable and they are funny in this book too . I laughed out a loud at least three times . Do n't miss this book , because when you finally read it you 'll be upset you had n't read it sooner .
 Steinbeck writes the beautifull yet sad tale of two men trying to find a place for themselves durring the Great Depression . I first read this book at the age of 13 . I read it in one sitting -LRB- not hard to do as it is only around 110 pages -RRB- and then cried and cried . An excellent book for young adults as well as adults . It will move you .
 Set in agricultural California during the Depression , this book describes the harsh reality of the life of migrant workers and the brutality of human nature in general . Two wandering ranch hands keep the gleam of hope alive , as they privately dream of someday owning a small ranch , where they can be their own boss and live off the fat of the land . Freedom and roots -- is that too much to ask of life ? But Steinbeck readers will not be surprised at his pessimistic view of the human condition.George and Lennie travel everywhere together , working and sharing the visicitudes of 1930 's migrant life -- lucky to have a meager supper of canned beans without ketchup . But these two men , who are not even related , are bound as deeply as brothers . George , the short guy with the brains , feels responsible for his big , simple-minded companion , who depends on him for work , food and dreams of a better future . Lennie is a gentle retarded man , who panics easily -- not realizing his own tremendous physical strength.This story is more than a mere '30s novella , for it pits the private vulnerability of human nature against pitiless fate . The story , 75 % dialogue with only 25 % narrative , reads easily , flowing along like the indifferent Salinas River , which inexorably carries its characters to a tragic denoument . Man Aspires but Flawed Society Destroys . A dark Classic .
 I think this book was very short and sweet . The relationship between the two characters was very unique and I really enjoyed reading about them . This book was a very short book , and easy to read . I recommend this to everyone .
 i thought the book was pretty boring but i guess it was n't . . its all ` bout rasicm and how a person work wit another person whose mind is like a child . .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' was written bye John Steinbeck and is a fictional book . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a book about two life long friends named George and Lennie . They go to a farm to do some farm work after having to run away from their old town Weed . Lennie is a big guy who is retarded and likes to pet soft things like mice . George is a short guy who is very smart and has stuck with Lennie for a while . In their new farm , they meet many people including Curley , a little boxer guy who hates big guys like Lennie , and Curley 's wife , who is attractive to the other guys . Lennie and George have many grand adventures on the farm . I would rate this book a 4 because it was pretty fun to read , it was well written and it had a good plot but sometimes it got a little bit boring to read and hard to understand but for the most part it was good .
 This was one of the best books I have ever read . It was almost as though I could relate to the events of the story even though I had never experienced anything like it in my life . John Steinbeck did an excellent job in grasping the elements that went along with this time as well as telling the story . Once I arrived at the middle of the book I just could not put it down . Yet at one point I really wanted to due to content but still I could n't . This book is definitely in the top five best books I have ever read . In my opinion the way Lennie was described and acted in the book was how someone like him actually would in real life . This book was compelling and showed how in some relationships you have to do things for the better even though you know in a way it is not the best thing . It is a great book for young adults because although it is fairly deep and deals with some hard times you really learn something about life and when you are done it really gets you thinking . This was an awesome book and when I look at what it has achieved it is no surprise to me why ! I really like how Steinbeck focused on one portion of these men 's lives instead of their whole lives . In a way the book almost skips to the `` good part '' . I enjoy reading when it is interesting and in a way to the point which was what this book was and my own personal preference . This book also shows how much times have changed since when it was written and it shows younger people of what used to be and mabye even what some of their grandparents might have lived through . This was an overall spetacular book with excellent clarity . I would reccommend it to anyone especially young adults . It provides insight most people would otherwise not have !
 George and Lennie are two guys who are travailing and looking to earn enough money to buy some land.They get to work on a ranch and meet an old man named Candy and a young man named Slim . Then the bosses son Curly starts some truble becouse he is smaller than Lenny so he is mad . It is all taking place in a dry and dusty and hot time . So it will make you sweat to read this book . it is a good book for the more mature audiences due to the language.But it is a great book ! check it out at your local library today .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck Fun interesting friendship theme ! George and Lennie have just escaped from their hometown `` Weed '' . They ran when Lennie was accused of raping a girl . After a few days on the run , they came to a ranch . When they get there they get a job bucking barley . Once settled in , George and Lennie begin to get acquainted with all the other workers . As each day goes by more trouble arises . One-day Curley 's wife tries talking to Lennie not knowing what his reputation is . She ends up causing a big problem . I find this book very interesting after the first few chapters . It is a hair raising and sad ending book . Do n't be fooled by the cover . Read this book !
 The author paints a story of two unlikely friends , Lenny who is very much like a child but huge and as strong as a bare and often runs into trouble with out knowing it . Bad tempered but somewhat kind George has to get Lenny out of trouble sometimes losing his job . They both share a dream together of having their own farm and just when it seems close to coming true things go absolutely wrong . I read this book and it left me breathless at the end and touched me deeply because of how it reflected the harsh times then and now and of how society deals with different minded people . The writing is beautiful filled with heavy metaphors . I think if you 've read John Steinbeck 's `` Grapes of Wrath '' you should read this too , or if you are interested in something heavy and thought provoking or if you want to read a good book that 's bin banned before : -RRB-
 My name is Kelly , and I am a junior in high school and I was recently assigned to read John Stienbeck 's novel OF MICE AND MEN . I thouroughly enjoyed reading this book , for many different reasons . For instance , Steinbeck uses a storyline that grabs the attention of all ages , young or old . In the begining , we are introduced to George and Lennie the novel 's two main characters . They are fleeing from their former hometown in search of a new job opportunity on a ranch located in the Salinas Valley . The two fathem a dream of owning their own ranch one day with lots of acres and rabbits . They work out a plan to earn money so this dream can be fulfilled . While on the ranch the young childish Lennie is objected to numerous situations , in which they put George in akward posiitions . George 's loyalty is constantly tested throughout the novel . With a surprise ending their dream seems to fade away . This book is one everyone should read , because it teaches the meaning of friendship and the `` American Dream '' .
 Inspired by Steinbeck 's centennial celebrations last year , I picked up a copy of `` Of Mice and Men '' because I had read it was a thriller of sorts . As a mystery fan and writer , I am always interested in sudden apocalyptic d&eacute;nouements . I read the book in a couple of hours and , let me tell you , I 'm still thinking about it two days later.The story of George Milton and Lennie Small - who was , in every sense of the word , a `` brute '' - develops fast up to its high climax , and its end hits you like a thunderstorm . They are a couple of illiterate men who travel together , going from ranch to ranch in the Salinas valley at the time of the Great Depression , and `` buck barley '' for a living . They have no home or family , but they have each other , and they have a dream , which is repeated as an omen throughout the story
 Stienbeck 's Of Mice and Men , was a great , disturbing read . You immeditaly love innocent Lennie and kind , hardworking George . But this book has a dark , sad message . People like Lennie and George truly never win , no matter how hard they try . And , for those who asked , the reason George killed Lennie was that Lennie could n't function in society . George had tried to take care of him , but they always ended up on the run . If they got away this time , soon they would be on the run again . So George did the kindest thing possible . Rather than let Curley and the men kill Lennie while he was frightened and upset , George was with Lennie in his favoriter place , talking about their wonderful dream , their own private Eden . He made Lennie feel happy and safe . And then George , rather than letting Lennie suffer , took up his suffering and killed him quickly and painlessly . George cared for Lennie so much that he would rather suffer than have Lennie suffer . It is obvious that George loves Lennie , despite `` giving him hell '' , and wants to protect him . When he ca n't , he makes sure no one will hurt Lennie . Sad , beautiful book is too great for a mere review to describe . Also , see the movie with Gary Sinise and John Malkovich , and you 'll cry even harder - they perfectly capture their characters !
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is a wonderful book about life in the 1930 's . Steinbeck tells about two men trying to make money and live on their own land , as many men drempt of back then . This was shown through one metaphore of Lennie -LRB- one of the main characters -RRB- wanting to tend to the rabbits . The rabbits really represented them being free.The characters in this book were really unique . George and Lennie are the main characters and they always stick together . Lennie is mentally sick , yet George sticks with him . The characters were a very beliavable pair because how they acted and their dreams of being free were very realistic.This is a good book to read for young americans and i gave it four stars . Although it is only 107 pages long there is a lot of content and makes you want to keep reading it . Many people dislkike the language in the book , but other people dont realize that this book shows the language that everyone hears in our society every day .
 Of Mice and Men , written during the great depression , explains , in beautiful detail , the life of two homless men . The book takes place on a ranch in Soledad , California . George and Lennie are the main characters . These two homeless men travel around the United States looking for work . They find it in Soledad . George is small and has all the brains bteween the two friends , Lennie is tal and slow but `` One hell of a strong worker , '' according to George . I canit say anymore . They dream of making enough money at this ranch and buy a small plot of land with a small house on it . It 's a short book with only one hundered and eighteen pages . It is one of the best classic , s I 've ever read , -LRB- the others being The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings series . -RRB- The main and supporting characters are George and Lennie , Slim , Crooks , Curley , Curley 's Wife -LRB- she does n't have a name -RRB- , Carlson , and Candy . I 'm not going to tell the end but I will say that it is quite depressing , though a great book .
 The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a really great book . Steinbeck really does great job in describing the area around the farm where it takes place . This story takes place in the mid 1930s to early 40s . He tells of a river flowing from mountains with green trees , and of how the farm looks . The barns where they put the horses and all the crops that they harvest are big ones by the way John Steinbeck describes them . The story is based on two men from California . They travel with each other and work together to make money . Lennie is a big man who is strong but has mind of a child . He is always getting in trouble at each farm . Then there is George , is a short man who works hard . He more less takes care of Lennie as if he were a big brother to him . George is always telling Lennie about how one day they are going to get their own little place and raise rabbits , horses and chickens . I do n't know how they 're going to stay alive with the way that Lennie keeps on killing animals . He kills everything he gets . He pets them too hard and he ends up breaking their necks . On the farm where they 're going to work there is a man by the name of Curly . He is the boss 's son . He does n't like Lennie from day one . He does n't like men taller than he is . Of Mice and Men tells the story of two poor laborers trying to get by . They worked all their lives but did n't get a thing from it but trouble . This shows how many families and friends work together to make their dreams come true . Half the time it does n't work but for some it does . They have the `` American Dream '' of owning their own farm but that never came true for Lennie and George , although it could have . The novel is easy and understandable . It 's not that long and can be read in 3-4 days . The ages that I would recommend it for are 14 to 19 . If you would ask me I would tell any one to read this book . I hope to read this book again some day and to read more of John Steinbeck 's books too . I would watch the movie after you read the book to compare them to see how much they 're alike and how much they 're not .
 In so few pages Steinbeck creates two characters who you fall in love with immediatly . Goerge and Lennie make the perfect pair for the classic Steinbeck book . This is the story of two travelers who have a dream such as anyone else . Along the way they meet both highs and lows as they strive toward their retirement dream . The excellent combinatiion of george and lennie makes for many laughable situations that will make you smile with sad stories that touch your heart . This is one book that you can really get into and feel for the characters . You wo n't be sorry to read this short novel that is sure to get your applause at the unexpected and imprezzive ending .
 I am a teenager and I love Of Mice and Men . In a English class of today you are bombarded with feminst literature and other works that you become satiated with this genre . It is a breath of fresh air to get a novel about male bonding and the trials and tribulations of farm workers of that time . Steinbeck adds a hint of a Shakespearen Tragedy to this masterpiece which puts it in the category of great classics to be cherished forever . This novel is a must read and you will enjoy it for years to come . I will end this with a final thought . It is very short and it can be read in a day and is good to use if you have procastinated on a book report . : - -RRB-
 Of Mice and Men is one of those books that , having read it , remains in your mind and soul for quite some time . Having seen both movie versions of the book recently prompted me to read this masterpiece once again . The book moves quickly and smoothly ; before you know it , you are at the end of it . Relatively short , this book is a delightful way to spend an afternoon .
 John Steinbeck wrote this classic gem in 1937 . It 's been a Broadway play and there have been several adaptations of it in movies and TV . I was generally familiar with the story but this was the first time I actually read the book . Wow ! I was completely blown away ! This is the story of a two lonely and alienated men who work as farm laborers , drifting from job to job in California . Lennie is gentle giant , physically strong but mentally retarded . George guides and protects Lennie but also depends on him for companionship . Together , they have a dream to someday buy a little farm where they can grow crops and raise rabbits and live happily ever after . This , of course , is not to be as the title suggests . `` The best laid plans of mice and men '' is a line in a poem by Robert Burns , which describes how a field mouse 's world is destroyed by a plow.Steinbeck 's narrative voice is seemingly simple in his descriptions of nature of as well as the details of the bunkhouse . His characterizations of the people are magnificent . We meet the other workers , all loners , and appreciate the beauty of the unique friendship between Lennie and George . We meet Candy , the old man who is outliving his usefulness . We meet Crooks , the black stable hand , shunned by the men and therefore turning to books for companionship . We meet the cruel Curley who taunts Lennie into a fight . And we meet Curley 's wife , another lonely soul who uses her femininity to get the wrong kind of attention.There 's tension in every word and I found myself holding my breath , knowing that something awful would happen , my eyes glued to the page , the world of Lennie and George deeply etched into my consciousness . I was pulled right into the story , wanting to shout warnings as I saw the inevitable consequences . The ending was incredibly sad , but yet satisfying . It could n't have ended any other way . It 's a small book , only 118 pages long . But it is a masterpiece and I will never forget it . I give it my highest recommendation .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck remains properly on the reading lists of high school students because of the regional imagery through succinct dialogue . Unlike `` Grapes of Wrath , '' Steinbeck brings us swiftly into each moment , never letting us linger too long before walking us to the next place.The American Dream has many variations , but always , it is about independence and the pride of being one 's own man . Lennie and George want this independence more than most men , but have less than most men to get there . In their case , it is n't a white picket fence , but a farm where they can raise rabbits.Lennie is not a bright man . He desires to care for someone and to be loved , but is unable to think past his own fear . George tries to protect him , but he too , although smarter than Lennie , is managed by his insecurity and foolishness.The story surrounds Lennie and George 's efforts to get and retain work on ranch near Soledad , and more so , toward their American Dream . The big picture is always with them , but it is the day-by-day difficulties they have with being outsiders . Their intrinsic inability to be free is sheer tragedy , as they both fail again and again to make the right decision.It 's a lonely story about two men who hope more than they can think , who are destined by their misery never to enjoy true companionship and happiness.Few books are as thematically pure as `` Of Mice and Men , '' which follows Man 's search for self and meaning carefully . It is harsh in language and image , and the abstract ideas might be too much for younger readers to comprehend , but any intelligent teen will gain from it where John Knowles ' `` A Separate Peace '' and J.D. Salinger 's `` The Catcher in the Rye '' leave off.I fully recommend `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck.Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 Book Review How does the common man look at mentally disabled people ? In reading Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men one could find out . Steinbeck wrote about two men traveling around California working on farms . The couple is a dynamic one . Lennie is a gigantic man that has the brain power of a small child . George is a small man that looks after Lennie and tries to protect him . `` We kinda look after each other . '' Said George . `` He ai n't bright . Hell of a good worker , though . Hell of a nice fella , but he ai n't bright . I 've knew him for a long time -LRB- p. 34 -RRB- . '' This book does a great job showing how society does n't understand the needs of mentally disabled people . I also believe that it shows that every man can have a role in society . This book is a must read . Almost everyone has come into contact with a mentally disabled person once in his or her life . Or , if not a mentally disabled person , a person that is just a little slow . One of the many great things about this book is that everyone can relate to it . The social significance is immense and I believe people enjoy reading meaningful books . Another thing I enjoyed about this book was George and Lennie 's lingo . `` I. . . ai n't gon na say nothin ' . jus ' gon na stan ' there -LRB- p. 6 -RRB- . '' Steinbeck was born and raised in California and many of his books take place there . Like Of Mice and Men , Steinbeck wrote other books about men that work on farms , such as Tortilla Flat and The Grapes of Wrath . George and Lennie find jobs on a farm in the Californian countryside . Lennie loves to pet things and that obsession always gets the couple into trouble . Lennie is a handful for George and is pain for everyone around the farm . A horrific crime is committed by Lennie . The men on the farm could not and did not want to deal with Lennie and his behaviors . `` He ai n't cuckoo , said George , he 's just dumb as hell , but he ai n't a crazy -LRB- p. 39 -RRB- . Even thought Lennie 's brain does not function at a high level he could still help others . There is a man on the farm named Crooks , Crooks is an african american that has a bad back . Crooks is mean and shields everyone away , but Lennie opens him up and brightens his day . `` I did 'n' t care much , said Crooks . `` Lennie 's is a nice fella -LRB- p. 82 -RRB- . Even thought Lennie is slow he still can befriend a person . People read to broaden here knowledge and understanding of the world . What this book taught me is that mentally disabled people have different needs than those of us that do not have an impaired brain . And that society needs to help them find a role in the community and in society because every man or woman has a purpose . If you want a great book to read Of Mice and Men should be at the top of your list .
 I am a tenth grade student and I recently read `` Of Mice and Men '' for a school project . I thought it was an excellent book . I felt that the author , John Steinbeck , did a first class job with this novel . It portrayed the relationship between George and Lennie in a way that made you become very attached to the characters . You wanted to read more to find out if they ever accomplished their goals and to see if their dreams became a reality . George and Lennie are complete opposites ; George is a small , quick intelligent man , while Lennie is a man of huge dimensions but has the brain of a child . Throughout the story Lennie acts in ways that infuriate George , but George will always be there for his friend because he knows Lennie needs him to survive . Lennie can buck barley like no one else because of his pure strength , but would probably starve to death if he did n't have George to provide his daily meals . I think that has to do with why this book has been banned in the past by schools across the country . Some people may be offended by how the mentally challenged person is shown in this story . It seems as though the view being expressed is that people with mental problems ca n't do anything for themselves . They are also a constant threat to others because they can not control themselves . Lennie did n't realize what he was doing was wrong until it had gone too far . These are stereotypes of mentally retarded people that some people may believe are reinforced by this novel . They are lead to believe that this book is discriminatory towards the mentally challenged . Parents whom believed this did not want their children reading this book because they did not want them to be exposed to these types of ideas . Also , Curly 's wife does not fit the traditional mould . She is unhappy with her marriage and is not completely loyal to her husband like a conventional wife should be . She is always flirting with the men that work on the farm . Some adults believed that this was unacceptable behavior to expose to children . I do n't think that a school today would even consider banning this book because cultural standards have changed greatly from when this book was first published in 1937 . I also do n't believe that this book should have ever been banned . It is a great book that takes you on an emotional roller coaster . Once you get started it is almost impossible to put down . The ending is also written to perfection . It is unpredictable and is incredibly moving . I really enjoyed reading this book and would recommend it anyone .
 Written in 1937 , when the Depression was still affecting all aspects of the farming community , this powerful novel depicts the lives of migrant workers -- grim , pessimistic , and offering little hope for an improved future . Focusing on two characters who arrive in the Salinas Valley during peak season , Steinbeck creates touching scenes between Lenny , a big , severely limited worker who does not know his own strength , and George , a whippet-thin man who serves as Lenny 's constant companion and protector.Both Lenny and George have dreams of one day living on their own farm , where Lenny , who loves the feeling of soft things -- even dead mice -- wants to take care of rabbits . George hopes one day to benefit from his own hard work on his own farm and to create an environment where Lenny can be safe from his own impulses . As Steinbeck brings the characters on the ranch to life , he shows how every person there has dreams of a different life but few opportunities to change the lives they already have . Some are physically handicapped from accidents on farms , while others are emotionally handicapped by lack of opportunity or their own personal limitations.Life is lonely , uncertain , and harsh but George tries to make life for Lenny more bearable by allowing him to have one of the new puppies in the barn . When Curley , the boss 's son , brings his flirtatious wife to the farm , he introduces a new element which eventually leads to a tragic ending . Women are considered dangerous to the status quo , as they reinforce the need for `` soft '' elements in lives that otherwise offer little softness.Giving vivid pictures of the natural surroundings while also creating vivid pictures of the interactions of these men , Steinbeck shows that even among those whose lives offer little hope , there is a desire to take advantage of each other . Crooks , the black stable hand who is forced to live alone in the barn , undermines Lenny . Carlson takes advantage of Candy 's love for his old , smelly dog and causes pain to Candy . Lenny 's puppy , Candy 's dog , a heron capturing a water snake , and dreams of their own farm all become symbols which add to the drama of the conclusion . In this powerfully sad novel , Steinbeck offers little hope that the lives of these men will improve and even less hope that they will ever be able to control what happens to them . n Mary Whipple
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book from end to end . I give it a 4 star rating because of ... oops this is still the introduction ! I hope you enjoy this review and read the book!The book is mainly about two men named Lennie and George and their travels to reach their dream of building a great farm and `` livin ' off the fatta da lan . '' I like this book because just by reading it you know that John Steinbeck put his heart and soul into this book . If `` Of Mice and Men '' were a food I would describe it as rich and satisfying . The only thing I did n't like about the book is that especially in the beginning it would go away from the story and describe the landscape it in great detail . Do n't get me wrong ! I like detail but it took too long to get back to the story . Speaking of detail . When the detail in then book was focused on the story it gave it an amazing effect ! The character development in this book was also very good . From main characters like George to main characters like Crooks , John always let the reader know lot about the character . Finally , the dialogue in the book is excellent . Everything is said right and right at the correct time . WOW ! I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an enriching story but can handle a little tragedy.This concludes my review of the book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck . For all of you who decide to read it ... ENJOY !
 I read this book aged 15 for my GCSE English literature exam . Right from the start I fell in love with Steinbeck 's unassuming , delicate language and his vividly real characters . The theme of loneliness on the `` ranch '' where the main characters work really haunts the reader , and we feel great sympathy for the barren lives lead by the characters - matched by the bleak , dusty Salinas landscape . All the main characters suffer from some form of prejudice , which in turn isolates them from the main thread of communication in the mid-west community - from Lennie , who is punished for his mental disability , to Candy , punished for his age , the negro , Crooks and the `` jailbait '' , Curley 's Wife . Each character suffers such absolute desolation in the face of promminence , I could n't help feeling such strong empathy for the tragic people who inhabit this book . It is a credit to Stenbeck 's unique eye for socialistic views and values that he draws such desparing , but neccassary , attention to the `` abused '' little man of 20 's America .
 Overall , John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is really a good book . Even though it 's rather short , it delivers its message quite well . The book opens with George and Lennie near the Salinas River south of Soledad , California . Lennie is a big , loveable guy who is n't very smart , but is easily pleased . Lennie loves to stroke soft things , and has a mouse in his hands that he accidentally killed by petting it too hard . Lennie 's portrayal is extremely sympathetic and sentimental , but I could n't help but like him , regardless of his flaws . George is the little man behind Lennie ; he acts as the big man 's brain in guiding him and keeping him out of trouble . The two travel and work together and have a friendship unlike anything most other characters in the novel have ever experienced . The book really got me to feel like I knew the characters , especially Lennie , and to pity them . The underlying theme of man 's innate loneliness and his need for companionship is a bit dark and pessimistic for my taste , but is delivered tactfully with the repeated story of George and Lennie 's farm where Lennie will be able to tend rabbits while the two live off the fatta the lan ' offers hope so the book can be easily stomached by someone with a more optimistic worldview . All things considered , I would definitely recommend this book for everyone to read ; the ideas behind it should be considered by all .
 My 7th grade son with reading problems needed to read this book for english class . This was very helpful to him . He followed along in the book as it was read to him and was able to absorb and actually enjoy the story . I will be buying more books for him this way .
 It took me a measly three hours but yesterday afternoon I read for the first time John Steinbeck 's classic tragedy ` Of Mice and Men ' , a novel that , while written in 1937 , still holds so true today . Steinbeck 's accounting of sheer loneliness and desperation is so brilliantly captured that the reader is brought to tears -LRB- for me in a literal sense -RRB- to realize that this is all these people had to live for , a pipe dream that refused to die . The story focuses mainly on George Milton and Lennie Small , but as you read you 'll notice that a few supporting characters play a big role in the heartbreak that this novel conveys.George is a small framed man , lean and dwarfed in comparison to his companion Lennie , the tall large strong man , but what Lennie has in strength and size he lacks in smarts . He is , for lack of another word , mentally retarded . But Lennie does possess a simple soul and a heart of gold , which alone makes this tale all the more tragic . George , in fulfillment of a promise he made to Lennie 's Aunt Clare , takes care of Lennie , taking him with him to work in the fields bucking wheat and the like . When they make it to their next job they find that they are n't the only ones trying to find a better lot in life.First they meet Candy , an older man who 's been injured on the job and thus kept around for sympathy 's sake . He sweeps the living areas and lives his life one miserable day at a time . He 's slipping into uselessness and the very thought of amounting to nothing digs deeper and deeper into his soul . Crooks is the negro stable hand , an outcast from the others not only because of his skin color but also because of his disability , being crippled due to a horse accident -LRB- he was kicked in the back -RRB- and thus he spends most of his time alone in his room . They also meet the boss 's son Curly , a jerk of a man who is so insecure about his size and his marriage that he 's willing to throw it down with anyone he sees , and he sets the blunt of his rage on poor Lennie because of his size and his demeanor.To me the most interesting and even heartbreaking character is that of Curly 's wife . Ostracized by the working men because of her husbands temper and disregarded by her own husband because of his carelessness and blatant jealousy she 's left all alone with no one to talk to and no real place to call home . She 's regarded by the men as a tart , a floozy who wants all the wrong kinds of attention but in all actuality she just wants any kind of attention she can get for any kind is better than no kind . After the tragic circumstances involving Lennie and Curly 's wife the author makes a statement that to me sums up this poor woman when he says that `` all the meanness and the planning 's and the discontent and the ache for attention were all gone from her face . '' She was alone and desperate just like everyone else.The one thing that kept these stock of characters going , Lennie in particular , was the prospect of getting out , of getting their own place where they could plant and cultivate and `` tend rabbits '' and be their own men . When this idea is shared between Candy and Crooks they too jump at the idea of getting away from it all and feeling whole again , feeling complete and being far away from the loneliness of it all . The worst kind of loneliness is the kind you feel even when you 're around other people for its then that you know you 're truly alone in every sense of the word.Most people are aware of the horrific ending , but in case you are not then I will say nothing further on the subject . Just know that this novel is one of the finest pieces of American Literature and is sure to bring tears to your eyes . While this is just barely over 100 pages it still magnificently captures every emotion and feeling that can possibly be provided here . The characters are brilliantly crafted and their innermost demons are bared all for us to see and to relate . I will never forget this masterpiece and will recommend this to anyone who enjoys good reading . It 's a quick read , but it 's not one to soon be forgotten .
 Because it is more `` socially relevant '' , The Grapes of Wrath is the Steinbeck novel most often pushed on students - who promptly get turned-off by him . Do n't let that happen to you . Of Mice and Men is his second best novel -LRB- the first being East of Eden -RRB- and it has everything that makes Steinbeck great . It is a short , fast read so you might as well give it a chance . The story itself is so archetypical as to be almost mythic - there is Lenny , the good-hearted , strong simpleton ; George , his protector ; Curly , the short , cruel , bully and his dangerous wife.Also , if you 've ever seen a Looney Toon wherein a big , dumb character says something like , `` Tell me about the rabbits , George '' that is from this book .
 This book about Lennie and George , two quite different types , is a book which never will be too old . It has a timeless theme , which is as relevant today as it was when Steinbeck wrote it . Whwn I sat i the sofa back home , and read the last pages , my father suddently saw the book I was reading . He read it when he was younger , and liked it as well as I did . So there we went on chatting ... The theme of the book is discussable , but it contains several subjects which encourages readers in all ages to read on . True friendship , the American dream , mercy killing ... I would have given the book 5 stars if it would n't have been for the hard beginning . Continue reading , it gets better ! Enjoy the book !
 An outstanding , chilling , and thought provoking book that helped to shape my thought processes as an adolescent when I read the book for the first time , Of Mice and Men is Steinbeck 's most succinct piece . A delicacy I enjoyed again this past summer , its messages change , its characters evolve , and its definitions are redefined with a readers age and experience.Regardless , this book is a classic and a staple for any fan of literature .
 This audio production for `` Of Mice and Men '' by Gary Sinise is nothing short of brilliant . Over the years , Mr. Sinise has made John Steinbeck 's work a part of his life , being involved with it in various mediums
 One of Steinbecks shortest novel , but one of the best . This novel will broaden the reader 's perspective and touch the heart . This novel is Powerful and emotional .
 Oddly enough , I never read Steinbeck in school . This is even stranger considering I was an English major in college . I guess my profs figured I had already read him in high school.No , I never read him until , on a whim , I checked out a copy of The Grapes Of Wrath from my local library , and found out what I was missing out on.I 'm not going to talk a lot about Of Mice And Men here , simply because I suspect there is not a lot to be said that has n't been said already . I just want to say that if you 're someone who avoids reading `` the literary stuff '' because you think it 's going to be too difficult , this is probably the book to change your mind . In prose of beautiful simplicity , Steinbeck tells a story that will break your heart . If you have a heart and a mind , you will probably be impressed with this . I know I was .
 Have you ever read abook where you could relate to the characters ? I have and this is why I liked OF MICE ANd MEN by John Stienback . Ialso like this book because it kept my attention . There were n't many chapters so it made it seem like it went faster.I enjoyed this book but theres one part I do n't like . Just as the book got good one of the main characters accidently kills another . I was n't expecting this.This author has a way of describing characters that made me relate to them . This made the story more interesting , so did the climax . I could n't put the book down and the climax was the best part . this authors descriptive writing kept my attention with a great chapter book .
 I like it . The narration was simple but vivid ; the characters were crude but touching ; and the story was short but long lasting . I enjoyed seeing how the relationship between George and Lenny had become . It 's one of the classics and well worth considered as ` classic . ' It touched upon the human spirits , upon our needs for companionship , our needs for emotional support , our needs for things other than food , clothes and shelter . I believe Steinbeck drew a lot of materials from his years as a laborer . It well depicted the depression during that time period . Those who gave it one star should have looked deeper beyond just the story of who did what , when , but looked more carefully at WHY . George shot Lenny because he knew too well that others would certainly punish him and in the process torture might even be unavoidable . Since George cared for Lenny so much , he decided to prevent all that from happening himself . The gun he used was the same one used to kill the old dog . Why ? Because it 's a metaphor . Lenny was depicted as a parallel to the dog
 What more is there to say about this great American classic ? I feel like everything has been said . In just one word , it 's great . The characters are really well built . You have no choice but to feel their misery . They all have their own little something to add . I do n't what i could add except that I really enjoyed this book and it is definetely worth reading .
 I have read the book and i 've really enjoyed reading it . I think it 's a heart-touching book because it helps you to realize there are important things in life for which you have to fight . The book relates about 2 men , fighting for their dream . these men Are George and Lennie , which are really well interpreted in the movie . My favourite character is George , he is responsible and small . The book gives you many messages , my favourite one is to fight for dreams and happiness . Even if some people do n't make their dream come true , some would do . I 've goven 5 stars to this book because i 've had fun reading it .
 I ordered the CD for the book Of Mice and Men so that my English students could listen to the book . It follows the book pretty accurately . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 After reading this book , I could n't stop thinking about Lennie and George.It 's highly emotionally impacting , and that is due to Steinbeck 's outstanding story-telling . . excellent character development in a startlingly short amount of time . . so you 're not only invested in the story itself , but with each character - strongly so the supporting cast . It was so simple to paint a vivid image in my mind.A story about the true testament of friendship , but not in the conventional way . A story about choices , consequences , lessons , control . . and how often times , the spirit is who it is . . and controlling it or a destiny , will never be fulfilled .
 im really happy with my purchase . the book was in excellent condition . it was good quality as well . thanks !
 As an English teacher I believe this is a novel that we should all read because of its iconic status in American literature . Many allusions are made to Lenny Smalls in film and literature which would go totally misunderstood if one had not read the novel . It is a quick and easy read .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' , by John Steinbeck.Depression era California ; George and his mentally challenged friend Lennie are migrant workers who hope one day , like many in their position , to be in control of their life . If things go right they just might be able to put enough money together to buy that piece of property and live off of the fat of the land . Raise chickens and rabbits and live out a simple yet pleasant life which is n't an uncommon theme for the time . Just a few more jobs and their dream might be realized ... The story told in `` Of Mice and Men '' is simple and straight forward enough however the richness within is delivered in Steinbeck 's ability to quickly draw strong characters and set the tone not only in each scene but for the times in which the characters live as well.The good
 Received the book very quickly . I ordered it for my son for school . So I have n't read it . But it is what he needed . Thank you
 I was on a `` classic '' book binge this summer . This was the last on my list and it was the perfect way to wind down after books like `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' , `` The Great Gatsby '' and `` The Bell Jar '' .
 I love this book . This was my first Steinbeck novel , and I thought it was great
 This books is on most reading lists , and it is easy to understand why . Beyond merely a ` classic , ' the book stands next to 1984 as literature that remains good reading long after it was written . The language is modern , the symbolism deep , and the story short but compelling.I 've read Steinbeck 's Grapes of Wrath , a book I did not enjoy very much . If you have enjoyed one of his previous books , regardless of the experience , I suggest picking up this book . If you have n't read his other works , I strongly suggest picking this one up first .
 This is one of these books that are on what I call the `` Moby D '' list.There are book and movies that you have to read and or see so that you can be a well rounded individual . At least in theory . I plan to make another list of books that everyone should read before they die . This is one of them so hop to it . Insightful and endearing and a easy read for a young adult . Great character studies .
 i love it jkjh hkjkj jkjkji jkj ikji jijij ijij ikj ijij kjkj hhkjh gjgugj jhvgfjht ggygy guygyg ggyguy ygy
 It kept me interested from beginning to end , it was well written and it described in such detail that I could picture what was happening
 Of Mice and Men , by John Steinbeck , is a classic story written in the early 1900 's . The story is based on two men and their struggle in life . One man , George , small in nature , looking over his large friend Lennie . This is a definite must read for anyone . This story is very popular and is frequently used as a beginner 's read by many high schools across the nation.George and Lennie first set out to find new jobs after being forced to flee from their current jobs . At first you are not told why they were fleeing but you knew from the dialect that something bad had occurred and Lennie was to blame . Lennie was a friendly , child-like dimwitted man . What he lacked in brain power he made up tenfold in brawny . He had a large muscular build which enabled him to be a good worker . George on the other hand , was the complete opposite of Lennie . He was small but definitely smarter than his counterpart Lennie . George looked out for Lennie and tried to keep him out of trouble , albeit an impossible task.While reading the story you inevitably know the ending before you even get there . At every turn you are expecting the well intended Lennie to do something horrible . George tries to keep him in line and is successful for most of the story.The main idea is the search for happiness . George and Lennie are working to save enough money to buy their own land and work their own fields . George constantly reassures Lennie that they can achieve their goal and Lennie can have his rabbits to tend to . If Lennie ever slips up then George has to remind him of the future they intended.John Steinbeck has a tremendous ability to set up a visual representation of his story . In the beginning to every chapter , the landscapes and surroundings are vividly detailed making the reader actually believe he is there watching the events take place . Steinbeck follows his structure throughout the book . Each chapter sets up the scene and the conversations between characters tell the story for the remainder of the chapter.Each character in the story is well described . Always described upon first entering the story . Steinbeck also ensured that each person was flawed in some way . Each one had their good traits and their bad . George and Lennie seem to be the good guys in the story even though Lennie is a walking nightmare waiting to happen.You can tell George and Lennie develop a loving relationship . Lennie listens to George and George in return keeps an eye on Lennie . This is definitely a heavy burden placed on George . Finally , in the end Lennie slips up . He kills the boss ' daughter-in-law . The event that was being set up all along . A lynch party is sent out to find Lennie . Ultimately it is George that find Lennie . George is forced to kill Lennie for his discretions . Lennie died at the hand of George whilst being promised that brighter future yet another time.Steinbeck makes it seem as though we 're all searching for that brighter future that 's just out of our grasp . This is one of those books that you ca n't put down . Although it is not a long read , it is extremely well written .
 Was basically &#34; wandering &#34; around he kindle store and remembered this book from required reading in high school . Love it , still relevant .
 This item arrived on time and it was just as described ! Highly recommended and great to do business with ! Thanks .
 My son needed this book asap for school , I found a great deal and it cam crisp and clean and it saved my money
 This is a great classic by Steinbeck . You can not go wrong reading anything written by John Steinbeck . Of Mice and Men is a great read .
 Of Mice and Men , a book written by John Steinbeck , is a book about how agricultural workers suffered during the Great Depression . When Steinbeck wrote this book , ranch workers were slowly beginning to be replaced by machinery . Steinbeck portrays the lives of two migrant workers George Milton and Lenny Small . George is a migrant worker who dreams of having his own ranch someday . Lenny is also a migrant worker who is infatuated with soft materials and petting soft animals . He likes petting soft animals so much that he keeps a dead mouse in his pocket . This behavior is due to his intellectual disability.Throughout the book , George watches over Lenny . He reminds Lenny to let him talk when the boss or the boss 's son , Curly , asks questions . He also tells Lenny who he should stay away from . He does this because he wants to protect Lenny . He also wants to protect him because Lenny wants to be a part of the dream of having a ranch with George . George has allowed him to be a part of that ; however , since he 's allowed him to be a part of that , George does n't want to risk losing that dream because of something Lenny did . Needless to say , George loses his dream anyway because Lenny killed Curly 's wife due to his strength that he was unaware of . George does what he feels is best and shoots Lenny in the back of the neck . He knows that if Curly finds him , he 'll kill him inhumanely or torture him . George now is forced to stay at the ranch since he wo n't have enough money.Lenny is accepted in this society to a point . His strength comes to an advantage for him when it comes to working . People do n't seem to bother Lenny that much , except of Curly . Curly used to be a lightweight fighter and feels that he needs to fight everybody that 's bigger than him . Unfortunately for Curly , he decides to hit Lenny . At first , Lenny does n't do anything , but when George tells him to fight back , Lenny ends up crushing his hand . Here , his strength is a disadvantage and can cause harm when he does n't even mean to . Luckily for him , Lenny is embarrassed to admit that Lenny crushed his hand.I would use this literature piece in my classroom . I would have it a part of an English/Reading lesson if I were in a class with the same students all day . If I were in a middle school , I would make this a part of the unit plan directed towards certain themes , such as loneliness , powerlessness , dreams , and even barriers . I would also discuss how Lenny 's name is ironic to his strength and disability . His name , Lenny Small , does not describe his size or strength . It describes his childlike traits due to his intellectual disability . These are a few aspects of this book I would discuss with my class .
 This novel is about friendships and dreams shared by two men named George and Lennie . They dream about one day owning a farm . George acts as a father figure to Lennie , who is large and simpleminded , calming him and helping him to control his physical stength . After the death of Lennie 's Aunt Clara , George took care of Lennie . As the author , John Steinbeck did an excellent job introducing each character . I really connected with all the characters . The theme of friendship , struggle , and following a dream was beautifully written . I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was great because it never got boring . I was not able to put the book down . This novel will leave you with a lot of diffrent emotions ; it touched me deeply because it reflected true events in my life about hardship and friendships . I recommend this book to everyone .
 I have been a Steinbeck fan since I think before I was born . That is how it seems anyway . The minute I pick up a Steinbeck book , I know that I will come back to the fold of the underdog and the mistreated . I love him for this , as he recognizes the value of the underpriveledged and the poor . He sees the evil in the world and calls it by name . Lenny and George are in a way comedic , but heart wrenching and sad . They are known by even those that are unaware that they know them . Ever watched a Bugs Bunny cartoon , when that giant oaf pets the little animal to a bloody pulp ? Well , Lenny still lives within all of us . Hopefully we all have a George in our lives as well .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a wonderful book . After I started reading it I could n't put it down . It contains only 107 pages and is a pleasure to read . This book really puts an insight on Steinbeck 's theory of the perfectability of man . All this means is that he believed that nomatter how different people were that they all could make a difference in society . The two main characters are George and Lenny . George is a short , smart , muscular man . Lenny is a large , strong , man with the mind of a small child . This very unlikely pair get into alot of trouble , but all they bolth want is a place of their own with chickens , rabbits , horses , and other farm animals . But all of their dreams are ruined because Lenny likes to touch and pet soft things . But when he gets scared all he wants to do is hold on to the soft things . Whether it be a pretty soft dress , or a young woman 's soft hair . This book seems so real . I actually forgot that it was fiction . It takes you through life changing events , mishaps , and dreams of two poor laborers who just want a place of their own . Steinbeck 's ability to amaze you is as always astonishing .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is perhaps the most poignant tragedy I 've ever read . In my opinion it stands with Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' and Hemingway 's `` Sun Also Rises '' as one of the best novels ever . While I normally try to avoid empty praise like this , a detailed account doing justice to Steinbeck 's genius woud be longer than the book itself!In iceberg fashion , Steinbeck packs more emotion , characterization and eloquence into this novella than most books four times its length . The relationship between Lenny and George -- portrayed almost entirely through dilouge , allowing the reader a freer -LRB- and richer -RRB- interpretation -- is not only believable , it is TRUE . This relationship , the core of the novel , is beautifully highlighted and ornamented by the other characters and the reletively simplistic plot.Some critics may point out flaws in the work
 Of Mice and Men was a wonderfully written book and I really enjoyed reading it . One reason I really liked the book is that it taught me a lot about how to be a good friend . George and Lennie were very good companions . When Lennie got discouraged , George helped him by telling him to dream about the farm and tending the rabbits . They were always there for each other . When Lennie got in a fight , George told him to fight back . George and Lennie were very good friends.Another reason why I liked the book is that here were colorful characters . There was a wide variety of different characters . Lennie was big and nice , but Curly was small and mean . All the characters had qualities that set them apart from the others . The characters in this book were fantastic.I also like this book because I like John Steinbeck 's writing . All his words are nice and simple . His sentences are short but also very descriptive . For example when he described Lennie , he wrote that his hand was like a big claw . He is a great writer!This book is one of my favorite books . I would most definitely recommend it to other people . I read eagerly wondering what was going to happen to Lennie . Of Mice and Men is the best book I have read in a while . If I could only read one book this would be the book !
 this book is a fast read but its such a classic . it 's a must read . i actually ended up reading it twice .
 Book arrived quickly and as described . This was a book for a summer reading project and did not need to be in perfect condition so saved money by buying used ! Would buy again !
 This is a wonderful story - great short/quick read . Perfect for the kindleWith the percentage feature-Feels like you are flying through it !
 I went through a big Steinbeck phase after I read Grapes of Wrath so I 've read at least 6 of his books . Of Mice and Men was the shortest of his books but displayed his writing ability at its very best.It 's a heartbreaking tale about Lennie , a man who is unable to realize his own strength and tends to give people the wrong impression about him . The complete opposite of Lennie is Charlie , intelligent but small , and together they make a perfect pair . They attempt to settle down and churn out an honest living but fate does n't always care about the best laid plans of mice and men .
 Of Mice and Men , one of the best novels I 've read before . But , before you read it , you should have at least a slight background about what happened on the great depression . Also , The author conceptualize many characters inside this novel and as more you read as more the story gets exciting . I highly recommend to read Of Mice and Men .
 This bok was a great value and was perfectly described in the description . There wasm ' t a single flaw with it and would definitely reccomend buying it from amazon for the great deal .
 Seeing as it is a classic with great summaries and reviews written many times before , I 'll keep mine short . Of Mice and Men is one of the shorter classics that really captures the emotions of drifters during the early 20th century . I was actually surprised at how glued I became to the book as I was feeling sympathy , anger , and sadness for each of the characters .
 I ordered this book for my daughter 's high school English class . It arrived promptly and in good condition . I was thoroughly satisfied with the entire experience .
 Like most of us , I had to read this book for school in eleventh grade . I have re-read it 6 times since then , and even saw the movie a couple of times . -LRB- Only movie that equals the book , by the way -RRB- . This book is a classic . I fell in love with George and Lennie from the moment I met them . The characters in this book simply shine . Anyone who has a sensitive side will enjoy the book . A definite book to put on your to-do list !
 Mice and men was a strange book at the start . The language was very interesting and cleverly described . The fact that I 'm only 13 years of age makes it quite a challanging book for me . As we got into it , it was brilliant . I loved the way Steinbeck showed that George & Lennies life was a game of chance , by George always play cards . When you play cards you do n't know if your going to get a bad hand or a good one . This reflects the issues in both George and Lennnie 's life . It got quite emotional when Carlson insisted on killing Candy 's dog . I suppose that if I had a ill dog , I 'm sure I 'd want to put it out of it 's misery . The end though was fantastic . Curley was beating Lennie , so George told Lennie to get him , and Lennie grabbed hold of Curley 's had and crushed it with his enormous amount of strengh . This was really a great , but personally I think that It is aimed for elder readers .
 Of Mice and Men is a great book . It is about 2 men named Lennie and George . Lennie is somewhat retarded and very big . He touches a girl 's dress in the city of Weed and has to run away with George . They go to a farm where they find Candy , Slim , Curley , Curley 's Wife , Crooks and Carlson . Candy is an old lonely man who 's only real friend is his dog . Carlson hates his dog so much that he shoots it . Lennie wants something soft to pet , so Slim gives him a dog . Lennie gets mad with the dog one day , hits it , and accidently kills it . This forshadows the killing of Curley 's Wife . Curley 's Wife was talking to Lennie in the barn one day , and let Lennie pet her hair . Lennie starts hurting her , and then breaks her neck by accident and kills her . He does n't know his own strength . Lennie runs to the brush , where the saddest part in the novel happens . George , out of love , shoots Lennie . He tells Lennie the dream for a better life before he shoots him . This was one of the best books I have ever read .
 Of Mice and Men was required reading in my senior year of high school . I 'm now more then 20 years out of school , and have yet to read a book more satisfying . I was so touched by Of Mice and Men . The men were so bonded in life . It makes the ending shocking , but understood . A grown strong masculine man , with any feeling would get emotional reading , Of Mice and Men . Totally captivating.Valerie George -LRB- gardner@twd.net -RRB-
 I should have read this book in the 9th grade , but like most of my fellow students , I ended up skimming the book and tossing it in the corner after the final exam . Steinbeck just was not relevant to me at that age . Actually , no literature was relevant . I firmly believe that for some teenagers , a lack of life experience makes the reading of literature an exercise in futility . Of course , this does n't stop its being assigned , much to the consternation of millions of kids -LRB- many of whom are more suited to rap videos and other mind-numbing pap -RRB- . Literature is a capricious thing ; you will either learn to love it , and approach it on your own terms , or hate it and ignore it for life.That being said , this is a book I wished I had read years ago . One of the things I am learning to appreciate about Steinbeck is his ability to convey multi-dimensional messages with prose that is the height of simplicity . There is no fat on his literary bones . `` Of Mice and Men '' is such a book . Themes of friendship , oppression , and duty jockey for position in this simple tale about two itinerant laborers -LRB- one a simpleton ; the other his caretaker -RRB- drifting through California looking for their slice of the American dream . I do n't think it is necessary to go into further detail about the story . Many have read it , and those who have not wo n't benefit from a detailed description . Heck , the book is short enough that any details thrown out in this review might spoil it for the uninitiated.The introduction to the edition I read made one good point -LRB- the rest of the introduction was cutesy-wootsy to the point of nausea -RRB- that I had not noticed about the book
 All the teachers still make you read this and I am glad they make it affordable .
 Wowza ! This was probably te only book I actually finished in High School because I just really love it . I have never read a book before with such an inspiring message about friendship and how much it is important to have a support system in your life . Sure the ending was sad ... i almost cried ... but in weird way george had to do it to save Lennie from worse . This book was sooooooo great and everyone should read this !
 We all read this one in high school , but it is one of those gems that you simply must read again and again . Great story and a great story teller .
 This story talks about Migrant Workers . It is set in the Great Depression , Lennie and George are best friends . They always travel around together looking for a job . Lennie is a huge man , but he has his mind like a little child . George is small . He is the one that puts things in order and makes decisions . They are together because they do n't want to fell lonely and they wish to have their own house . In this story the characters have funny names about their appearances . For example
 I had n't read any Steinbeck in years , none as an adult , and had never read `` Of Mice and Men '' . Read it in one sitting and really enjoyed it . Beautiful , descriptive writing , wonderful characters you really care about and a sad , poignant story .
 Of Mice and Men '' by novelist John Steinbeck is a realistic story of two grown men Lennie Small and George Milton and their journey to find work and some where to live . Even though I 've never been to Salinas , California or lived in the 1930 's , Steinbeck 's way of telling the story makes me feel as if I 've lived there all my life . Lennie , the most memorable character always talks about `` tending the rabbits '' -LRB- steinbeck pg . -RRB- George and Lennie are hobos and travel together because they 're all each othe has . The story takes place during the Great Depression in Salinas , California on a ranch.Lennie is big , forgetful , mentally challenged but over all thar 's what makes him so loveable.George on the other hand is the complete opposite of Lennie ; he 's a small , smart , and speaks his mind so they kind of balance each other out . Lennie wants a ranch so they can live off the `` fatta the lan '' -LRB- '' -LRB- steinbeck pg .57 -RRB- I would highly recommend this book to any one over the age of 11 because of the racial slurs and mature language . Of Mice and Men is a good read .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' in my opinion is a very well writen book.John Steinbeck really thought the book out.When you read the book you will notice alot of foreshadowing.The foreshadowing makes the book very extravagant.The book takes place in Salinas , California which in the time of The Great Depression there were n't many rich or wealthy people ; George and Lennie will show you the life of more on the lines of non-wealthy people during this time.The main characters in the book are George , Lennie , Curly , and Curly 's wife , Slim , Candy , Carlson.The most ifluential character is George.George has to make alot of decisions through out the book that is why he is my favorite character.has to make alot of decisions.The story is about two men traveling around the states of the United States trying to find work so they can one day pursue their dream of one day owning their own land , and in their words , `` livin ' of the fatta the land . ''
 The story Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a wonderful story full of characters that you feel you know from the beginning . George and Lennie , the two main characters are different in many ways but are great friends . Lennie is a retarded guy who is big and strong as a `` bear '' While George on the other hand is small and smart . Lennie and George walk together as friends trying to get jobs that Lennie always end up making them loose it.When George and Lennie get a job at a farm in salinas california everything seems to be fine . Then along comes another character that is out to mess with Lennie and George and ruin their dream of `` livin of the fatr of the lan '' which you just got to find out your self . Of mice and man is a book you must put out some time to read because its just such a wonderful book that will leave you asking whats next ?
 John Steinback has an open mind about the Great Depression and succeeds at writing the book , `` Of Mice and Men . '' Before I go any farther , if you 're someone who hates reading and never wants to see another book again , this book should change your mind . This story is about two men named Lennie and George . Lennie 's obsession with petting soft things leads both he and George into all sorts of trouble . The setting is mostly on the ranch , where they meet some ranch handlers.I see this book as an adventure , and really fun and sad at times . My favorite thing said in the book was , `` I wan na tend to the rabbits George . '' Their dream is to `` live off the fat of the land , '' just to have a place of their own , and no boss . When you start to read this book , you build up so much momentum . This book is definatly the one to read , and for the people that dont like to read like me , your missing out big time .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck , is a very heartwarming and shocking book . The setting takes place in Salinas , California . I could not picture the story taking place any where else . I enjoyed reading this book because I was never sure about what was going to happen . The two main characters are two men . A short , boney man named George . Along with his friend Lennie . Who was a big , retarted man . George was asked by Lennies Aunt Clara to take care of him when she died . And they 've been together ever since . Concidering Lennie is always getting himself and George into trouble , they 've been on the run and in search of money.My favorite character in the book was Lennie . He is so sweet and innocent . Even though he gets in to trouble , he dosent mean any harm in anyway . He 's just like a big kid . All Lennie wants is to live in George 's and his dream farm and tend the rabbits . He always reminds George . . `` And I get to tend the rabbits , right George ? `` I liked this book especially because the author , John Steinbeck made it as if the reader was actually there with George and Lennie the whole time sharing their adventures . I would definatley reccomend this book to any person that loves a heartwarming but yet very surprising story .
 John Steinbeck is a FANTASTIC writer.Of Mice and Men is a wonderful story . I can picture myself in the mid to late 1930 's hitchhiking along with George and Lennie . This story takes place during the Great Depression , in Salinas , California . George and Lenie are hobos driven by a dream to live off '' the fatta the lan ' '' Meet Geroge , a skinny fellow who gives tough love and takes care of Lennie . He wo n't let anything or anybody hurt Lennie . Meet Lennie , a retarded fellow who loves to touch and pet soft things . He loves everything and would n't hurt a soul purposely , unless Geroge told him to.This story includes love , hate and murder as to hobos travel driven by a dream to live better . But soon things go for a turn for the worst and a bad thing happens only for the better . I fully recommend Of Mice and Men to everybody . PLEASE READ ITS WONDERFUL !!!!!!
 I am not an avid reader of American literature . Not necessarily because I do n't find American authors and classic American novels to be good , but not too many really intrigue me . This is the first novel I 've read by John Steinbeck , who pretty much exemplifies the American south in a way that very few authors have done with such humor , honesty , brevity , and sadness . For such a slim novel -- it 's less than 106 pages , and I pretty much read the novel in one evening -- it brings such an impact that makes you feel touched , moved , and even heartbroken . The main characters , George and the dumbwitted Lennie , are to me one of the most loveable and unforgettable characters in American literature . I am not going to go on about the plot since many reviewers probably have already . I just have to say that this book is quite a memorable tale about two men who have a bond that 's meaningful but quite tragic . I would assume that this is n't Steinbeck 's BEST work , but if you want to start off on his light pieces of work , I 'd recommend Of Mice and Men . Might leave you speechless and in tears at the end , that 's all i have to say . : -RRB-
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinback is an amazing book that combines the life of a worker and social pressure . It takes place on a ranch in the middle of nowhere . The two main characters , George and Lennie , are out to create a life for themselves . They are almost like brothers . This story has many twists and turns and makes you think about your best friend . The story creates a suprising ending . It is a great short story for someone looking for a short and good read . I recommend this to everyone . The only thing about this book making it un-acceptable would be the colorful language that John Steinback uses , but otherwise , the entire story is amazing and will never be forgotten .
 This is one of the best books ever . I have read it at least 10 times and I sob at the end EVERY time . Steinbeck describes the Salinas Valley perfectly -LRB- I grew up near there so I know -RRB- . You will be drawn into the story and the times . If you read only one John Steinbeck book , and I hope you will read more , this would be the one .
 I am not into reading books much but I had to purchase this for a project for school . As i started reading I had gotten into it more each page that I read . I like this book and the price was right . If you are looking to get it do n't hesitate buy it . This is coming from a guy that does n't enjoy reading books .
 Great writing ! Very quick read ! Had started years ago and knew the story but wanted to read it . John Steinbeck does great character development !
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is both an enlightening and heartbreaking story of two friends going through a life of work together . George is a small man who is committed to taking care of Lennie , a large , strong , mentally disabled man , after his Aunt Clara 's death . George always complains about how his life would be easier if he did n't have to take care of Lennie , but truly cares for him and tells him of their plans to have a farm of their own when they get enough money . Lennie loves the story of their future farm and always asks George to tell him about how someday he will get to take care of the rabbits . Lennie loves the soft touch of animals ' hair which later gets him into trouble with the wife of a man who works on the farm of their new job.Lennie always seemed to be the outcast in the novel , even by George who told him not to speak when going for their new job , for fear that Lennie would not be allowed to work , or be seen as `` dumb . '' Published in 1937 , Of Mice and Men does not show signs of inclusion for those who are mentally disabled , nor any understanding of those who have disabilities . However , even though this novel does not show good examples of inclusion or understanding , it can still teach its readers positively about individuals with disabilities.Although this is a short novel , John Steinbeck allows this book to pull at its readers ' hearts as well as teach lessons of life and love through the relationship of George and Lennie . Of Mice and Men would be a perfect book to teach at a high school level even though it is a seemingly easy read . There are themes throughout the book that would help students understand isolation , friendship , and strengths versus weaknesses . Even if there are no students with disabilities in the classroom or the school , students can learn from this novel the importance of inclusion even outside of the classroom . A class can even learn from this story about alienating students who do n't have disabilities but still feel that they do not `` fit in . '' I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good read , no matter what age . I think that it teaches its readers a lot about life , no matter who comes into our lives and no matter how different they may be .
 John Steinbeck is a an artist who painted with prose . Grapes of Wrath was my favorite book for decades . I have read and reread it over the years , but I had forgotten about Of Mice and Men which I had read years ago in college . While browsing for some reading material in my Kindle , I ran across the title . I ordered it and was rewarded with a wonderful tale of hardship , compassion , and tragedy set in one of the most trying periods of our countries history . It was more novella than a book . Easily read in a few hours . It describes the strugles of two drifters seeking a piece of the American dream . One man , the leader , is bright and resourceful , the other is mentally challenged , but loved and cared for by his partner . The conclusion is classically Kane and Able .
 This classic should not be only read as a high school requirement and forgotten , but read occasionally through out the years , as areminder that Steinbeck is as powerful now as he was in his day . And that good literature is timeless .
 A great short read . The story was infinitely better than what I thought it would be . The connection and symbolism between Candy & his Dog and George & Lennie came as quite a shock and made me view George and Lennie in a new light . The book situated around different aspects of loneliness -LRB- of how some long for company , and others long for solitude -RRB- and how sometimes ridding yourself of burdens , no matter how painful and emotional it may be , is the only way to move on . The book was very moving and I definitely recommend this to any and everyone .
 This is a great read , nicely written with an engaging story and characters . I would definitely recommend this book for intermediate readers . Paints a vivid picture of depression era people and life .
 This book is thoroughly enjoyable . Although it is only a short novel . You will fall in love with the characters and the story .
 I must admit that I had never read this masterpiece before . As I was searching for a short read , I thought this title would fit the description well . The story is set in California during the Great Depression . I think part of what made this novel good -LRB- the slang -RRB- was also what made it difficult to follow sometimes . However , it was definitely hard to put down ! I was NOT prepared for the ending !
 My 17 year old needed a book for an English report . I wanted to introduce him to one of my all-time favorite authors , but at the same time not overwhelm him the volumn of `` East of Eden '' or `` Grapes of Wrath '' , etc. . This is a kid who is going to be an engineer and does n't `` believe reading is all that important '' . After all , it is not Science!I , of course , re-read it still another time before handing it to him . He was delighted at the sight of such a thin book -LRB- `` I can read this in two nights '' -RRB- . He had to admit after reading it , that his teacher and I were correct in our assessment of Steinbeck . His writings are timeless .
 Although you can read this book in just a few short hours , the relatively few words found in `` Of Mice and Men '' carry tremendous weight . From the first paragraph Steinbeck manages to paint a vivid picture of the environment , taking great care to simultaneously describe both the beauty of nature and the agony of the story 's characters.I 'd long considered Hemingway 's `` The Sun Also Rises '' to be the greatest American 20th century novel , and after reading `` Of Mice and Men '' last evening it 's clear this story has assumed the # 1 spot in my personal list of greatest novellas .
 John Steinbeck 's powerful Depression-era novel weaves together timeless themes of work , kindness , cruelty , loneliness and longing . George Milton and Lennie Small are poor migrant workers in California during the Great Depression . George is intelligent and looks after Lennie , a mentally-challenged man of brute size and strength , but whose lack of sense causes trouble . Sharing a bare cabin with other migrant workers , George and Lennie have little more than their dreams of owning a rabbit farm - an unlikely goal for migrants . Their companions include an aging ranch hand -LRB- Candy -RRB- minus a hand from a work accident , and a black man -LRB- Crooks -RRB- with a bad back forced to sleep alone and seek solace in books . All try to avoid trouble , particularly from the boss 's hot-headed son Curly and his flirtatious young wife . Steinbeck uses foreshadowing to lead to the inevitable -LRB- if slightly contrived -RRB- ending , when Lennie becomes violent and George administers final justice . The result is a powerful Greek-style tragedy.John Steinbeck -LRB- 1902-1968 -RRB- wrote from his hobo experiences , and claimed that Lennie was based on a real-life migrant he once worked with . Published in 1937 , OF MICE AND MEN was quickly performed on stage and in the movies . Not suprisingly , this story has faced censorship for its raw language , treatment of mental retardation , sex and violence , etc. .
 Of Mice and Men is a novel based on the lives of two men , Lennie and George , who travel together . Lennie is a mentally unstable grown man , who acts like a child but has amazing strength-which inadvertantly gets him into trouble . After a misinterperated mishap in Weed , Lennie and George escape to avoid being lynched . They are left a long distance from their work after the driver of the bus on which they were travelling tells them that the distance is not far . Here is where we learn about Lennie 's dream of living in their own house ... which , at this point , is only a made up story to keep Lennie busy . The next morning , they travel to a working ranch , where they meet Slim , who is not the boss but seems to have the upper hand among the men , Candy , an old worker , Crooks , who works and is forced to live in the stables , and is mistreated because of the color of his skin , and Curley , a pugnacious character who also happens to be the boss 's son . After a while , George begins to believe that the dream of owning a house could be possible , seeing how Candy offers to help to avoid being canned . Also , George confides in lim , telling him the story of himself and Lennie . As the story progresses , another mishap causes anger among the men , and forces George to make an important decision ...
 This book is another Steinbeck classic . I suppose to people who do n't have experience with hard work and difficult times this book makes no sense . But it made a lot of sense to me . It is good dramatic history . I suppose some would consider Lenny a bit much - but I have personally met a million Lennys in my life , he presents no problem with me.A good story on many levels - friendship , compassion , the real world , selfishness and greed , making a living in a tough world and society . I 'm sure it will ring a bell with all the poor and struggling - but not to the fat , always had it easy crowd . Good book - buy it.Richard Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` Hobo-ing America
 In this short novel , Steinbeck chose two main characters . They are two wandering labourers , George Milton and Lennie Small . The former is the more intelligent one , a small and strong man with sharp features . The latter is rather a simpleton with a huge body and a shapeless face and he moves his feet like a bear moves its paws.They both dream of saving enough money to buy their own modest farm but because Lennie is both clumsy and strong he always manages to get involved in some mischief wherever he can find some work . So George has to keep a constant vigil on Lennie - particularly when there are women around - in order to avoid disaster.Steinbeck 's remarkable achievement is to show in a short novel the pathetic way of life of two simple minded men and that of peasants in general in rural America in the 1930s . The dialogues are a delight to read because the author renders the characters ' accent so accurately .
 Of Mice and Men is one of those stories that resonates with you long after you finish . On one hand it 's a tragedy on the other it 's so beautifully written . A good one to read again every once in a while .
 * WARNING
 I 'm not a big fan of sentimental moments and happy endings , which is one of the reasons I like ` Of Mice and Men ' so much . It 's a tragedy , a bleak one at that , but it 's also a deeply affecting novel that will stay with you long after you 've read it.This is a short but powerful novel about lonely people , desperately clinging to their dreams , even if they know deep down that they will never come true . Without dreams , they have nothing . The novel speaks to the emptiness that people feel in the absence of genuine friendship and how people will settle for whatever human companionship they find in order to fill the void.In ` Of Mice and Men ' Steinbeck has given us some of the most memorable characters in modern literature . The novel is deeply affecting without being overwrought or overly sentimental . Virtually all of the characters are lonely and desperate for companionship , but even so , given the opportunity they will seek out those who are lonelier or weaker than themselves and torment them as much as possible.The foreshadowing that Steinbeck uses is very efective in the novel . The difficult decision that George must make at the end of the novel is similar to a choice that Candy is unable to make earlier , a decision the old man later regrets . ` Of Mice and Men ' may not be the `` feel good novel of the year '' -LRB- of any year -RRB- but it is an extraordinary piece of fiction and one of the best novels of the 20th century . I highly recommend this novel -LRB- unless you 're a sucker for happy endings -RRB- .
 In the story of mice and men , novelist John Steinbeck made me feel like I was really in the 1930 's when two hobo 's were on their quest for survival on a ranch in Salinas , California . Lennie had a companion named George and they were always getting onto trouble.The ranch was a nice size , although all of the people on the ranch were n't . The ranch had lots of plants and animals . The bunks in the ranch house were n't very big and there were ten men to a house . Although living quarters were tight the men had to all get along.In the Great Depression the there were n't a lot of jobs and money . They had to struggle and do the best they could . That is why Lennie and George always stood together because they did n't have anybody else . In of Mice and Men Lennie counted on George counted on Lennie.Lennie Small is very big and he is slightly mentally retarded . He is very forgetful and gets excited over very small things , such as petting small animals . George Milton is a small man with a big temper . He is always telling Lennie that he could live better if he did n't have to take care of him . He knows he really does n't mean it but that 's just his personality.The main idea of the story is basically two hobos trying to get their own place and , `` live off the fatta the lan '' -LRB- john Steinbeck pg 57 -RRB- . They one day want to own a ranch . On the ranch they want to have a garden with a variety of vegetables to choose from . They want to have lots of animals and Lennie wants to tend the rabbits.I think this book would be appropriate for mature 8th graders and above . The reason I think that is because there are a lot of curse words in the book and the n word is used very frequently . I thought the book was very good , and there is a huge surprise at the end ... but you will have to read that to read to find out what . Of mice and men is a book that will keep you asking for more.-Ayanna C.
 In 1943 with the tides of war turning and the Germans starting to go on the defense the Nazi 's turn to more unconventional forms of warfare . German scientists experiment with gene splicing animal DNA with that of a man to create a new super soldier with the ferocity of a rodent and the ability to reproduce at an astounding rate . From the Nobel prize winning author John Steinbeck comes `` OF MICE AND MEN ! '' . US informants get word of these experiments and plans are made to stop the production of these genes-spliced super soldiers . Two highly trained American GI 's , George Milton , and Lennie Small volunteer in the mission to infiltrate the top secret Nazi facility . George is an intelligent man but is down on his luck and desperate for work so he immediately volunteers for the assignment . On his side is his long-time friend Lenny Small who he knew for his entire life . Lenny is n't the most intelligent of fellows but makes up for it with his large size and experience in hand-to-hand combat , being able to take out German guards with his bare hands.Far behind enemy lines the two are tasked with destroying the main experimental facilities and assassinating the lead officials and scientists involved . Of Mice and Men is a timeless classic about killing scores of Nazi 's and gene-spliced mutants . John Steinbeck really is a great author and perfectly captures the imagery of 1940 's wartorn Europe . I am greatly looking forward to reading Steinbeck 's other classic novel `` The Grapes Of Wrath '' where a government chemical weapon 's project is unleashed on a rural farming area which leads to residents of a nearby vineyard going on a rage-infused killing spree .
 The book was in the exact condition as stated and got to me within two days of ordering . Very fast turn around time . Would definitely use them again .
 This book is short but it will touch your heart . You will experience different emotions and opinions with this book . It is a beloved novel .
 I enjoyed reading this book . It was another great book writen by John Steinbeck . This book has hard to put down at the end because I kept wondering what would happen to Lennie , and if George would help him again .
 Thank you for an easy transaction . The book is in great condition - as described .
 My daughter ca n't wait to read this . It is a school required reading for her sophmore year . Thanks for the fast delivery .
 Required reading for my 15 year old daughter in high school . Easiest way to buy anything is here on Amazon . No lines , driving to stores , etc. . Book arrived quickly and in good condition . Thanks , mark
 mai neim is john paul , ai lib in argentina and ai am from boca , ai laik tu plei soker and ai am beri largou . jelou . ai jab a chist for ebribadi . baibai .
 This book is a tragic tale about two men named George and Lennie . This book is a tale of Two migrant field workers in California on their plantation during the Great Depression -- George Milton , an intelligent but uneducated man , and Lennie Small , a man of large stature and great strength but limited mental abilities -- are on their way to another part of California in Soledad . They hope to one day attain their shared dream of settling down on their own piece of land . Lennie 's part of the dream is merely to tend to -LRB- and touch -RRB- soft rabbits on the farm . This dream is one of Lennie 's favorite stories , which George constantly retells . They are fleeing from their previous employment in Weed , California , where they were run out of town after Lennie 's love of stroking soft things resulted in an accusation of attempted rape when he touched a young woman 's dress , and would not let go . It soon becomes clear that the two are close friends and George is Lennie 's protector.At the ranch , the situation appears to be menacing and dangerous , especially when the pair are confronted by Curley -- the boss 's small-statured aggressive son with an inferiority complex who dislikes larger men -- leaving the gentle giant Lennie potentially vulnerable . Curley 's flirtatious and provocative wife , to whom Lennie is instantly attracted , poses a problem as well . In sharp contrast to these two characters , the pair also meets Slim , the kind , intelligent and intuitive jerkline skinner whose dog has recently had a litter of puppies . Slim gives a puppy to Lennie.In spite of the potential problems on the ranch , their dream leaps towards reality when Candy , the aged , one-handed ranch hand , offers to pitch in with George and Lennie so that they can buy a farm at the end of the month in return for permission to live with them on it . The trio are ecstatic , but their joy is overshadowed when Curley attacks Lennie . He then , urged on by George , catches Curley 's fist and crushes it , reminding the group there are still obstacles to overcome before their goal is reached.Nevertheless , George feels more relaxed , since the dream seems just within their grasp , to the extent that he even leaves Lennie behind on the ranch while he goes into town with the other ranch hands . Lennie wanders into the stable , and chats with Crooks , the bitter , yet educated stable buck , who is isolated from the other workers because he is black . Candy finds them and they discuss their plans for the farm with Crooks , who can not resist asking them if he can hoe a garden patch on the farm , despite scorning the possibility of achieving the dream . Curley 's wife makes another appearance and flirts with the men , especially Lennie . However , her spiteful side is shown when she belittles them and is especially harsh towards Crooks because of his race , threatening to have him lynched.Lennie accidentally kills his puppy while stroking it . Curley 's wife enters the barn and tries to speak to Lennie , admitting that she is lonely and how her dreams of becoming a movie star are crushed , revealing the reason she flirts with the ranch hands . After finding out that Lennie loves stroking soft things , she offers to let him stroke her hair , but panics and begins to scream when she feels his strength . Lennie becomes frightened , and in the scuffle , unintentionally breaks her neck . When the other ranch hands find the body , George unhappily realizes that their dream is at an end . George hurries away to find Lennie , hoping he will be at the meeting place they designated at the start of the novel in case Lennie got into trouble , knowing that there is only one thing he can do to save Lennie from the painful death that Curley 's lynch mob intends to deliver.George meets Lennie at the designated place , the same spot they camped in the night before they came to the ranch . The two sit together and George retells the beloved story of the bright future together that they will never share . He then shoots Lennie in the back of the head , so that his death will be painless and happy . Curley , Slim , and Carlson find George seconds after the shooting . Only Slim realizes that George killed Lennie out of love , and gently and consolingly leads him away , while Curley and Carlson look on , unable to comprehend the subdued mood of the two men .
 A beautiful story written by a master , but do n't be mistaken that it 's all butterflies and rainbows . There are plenty of vulgar phrases and disturbing themes .
 Of Mice and Menby
 The story is about two guys that are working together as ranch workers . They go around from job to job trying to build up a stake . One of the main characters is George . George is a small , strong man , with a keen eye , and a stolid expression . The other main character is Lennie . Lennie is a tall clumsy man , but at the same time he is strong as an ox . He has a sort of childish behavior and no sense of self-control . Everywhere they went , Lennie seemed to get into trouble with someone . It seemed that Lennie 's lack of self-control would force both Lennie and George to quit their jobs early and try to find work elsewhere.I think that if I had to relate myself to one of the characters it would have to George . I think George and I have a lot in common , we both are always trying to solve other people 's problems instead of our own . I usually do things that other people want first and what I want to do second . I also think the same way George does . We both have a dream of one day owning land and not having to pay rent on it . I too would one day like to like to not have to work for some one else . To be able to step outside and look as far as I could see and know that it is all mine.I really enjoyed the book . I think that the message of being loyal to your friends is a solid one that will never fade away . I enjoyed just being able to lay back and read about what trouble Lennie was going to get into next . My favorite part was the big fight between Lennie and Curley . I think that that fight had a lot of action and really made the book interesting to read , but at the same time kept it within reason so I was n't disgusted by it . I really do n't think there is any part that I did n't like in the book . I do n't think that I would change any part of it if I had the chance to . The book was written so well that changing any part of it would alter the whole story.I would recommend this book to students in high school . It has some bad language and a little bit of adult content , but I think that students at that age can fully understand the story and really appreciate its message . I think that anybody with a small sense of humor and a good sense of adventure would really enjoy this book .
 I read this book some weeks ago and I can not stop thinkig about the life this people had to live . George and Lennie are two `` itinerant workers '' , but not as the rest , they have one to look after the other . A very important fact of the book is that Lennie is mentaly retarded and George looks after him . He changes to a parental-figure when he calls Lennie 's atention `` Give it here '' . They arrive to a `` ranch '' where they start meeting people , such as Curly , he is the son of the boss and is really angry with Lennie , maybe because he is larger and stronger . Lennie could ' t measure his strength and because of this he kills inocent animals such as the little pub . He shared a dream with George , this one was
 John Steinbeck 's novel `` Of Mice and Men '' is a great book to read for anyone who wants to read a book that wo n't take hours to read.The setting is in the Salinas Valley in the 1930 's . The main characters , Lennie and George , are running from the ranch they had previously worked on . They must now find another job to work at . They do find a job on another ranch and everything is going great , but when Lennie , a man without many brains , kills the bosses wife , everything goes terribly wrong . The two workers who are saving up their money to buy some land of their own , must now find jobs elsewhere . In their trek to find another job George decides that Lennie and his temper are becoming too much of a hassle to their plans , and he must kill George in order to live a somewhat normal life.The book is somewhat difficult to follow , but in the end all of the pieces that were unknown come together to form a complete story line.The plot of the book was very interesting . It was an adventurous , yet it was still suspenseful . Steinbeck had the character 's perfect for the setting in the ranches of the Salinas Valley . Lennie and George were both portrayed as migrant workers and they were on a mission to save up money and buy a ranch of their own.The overall quality of the book is tremendous . It has plot twists and things that nobody would expect to happen that happen regularly . It is very much a mysterious ending and until I read that George shot Lennie I was convinced that they were going to get away with both of the murders that happened at the two different ranches . Although it was a great book , it should n't be read by young children because of the fowl language . Jason Hegstrom
 Expresses the life of a caretaker extremely well and highlights all forms of loneliness in a way that every reader can relate to .
 This is a great Book plain and simple . It displays a great ironic message of love and friendship . The story is deeply moving and evokes terrific emotion . As the story moves along you feel you know and love the characters yourself . You really feel for the characters and their situations . I love this book .
 I love this book . The story is wonderfully written and easy to follow . I liked the characters and the description . The storyline is very realistic and interesting . I read this book in a day because I could n't put it down . I also loved the movie.You must read this book at some point in your life
 As Romeo and Juliet demonstrated that suicide is the greatest expression of love , Of Mice and Men demonstrates that murder is the greatest expression of friendship . Many have tried to ban both these great works from libraries and schools for their powerful ironic message . Read this masterpiece for yourself .
 My name is Sara Frackelton and I am a junior at Saint Mary 's in Raleigh , North Carolina . The novel , Of Mice and Men was assigned to us about 3 weeks ago . I never would have picked up this book if Mrs. Pearson had not required us to do so . I thought the book was touching and emotionally moving . When I finished reading it , I felt like I had lost a friend . Steinbeck created very likable and realistic characters . I also think I have grown after reading Of Mice and Men . I realized how love can hurt and relationships can be on more than one level . George would rather kill Lennie out of love than watch him suffer and live with no freedom . To me , that is true love and companionship with another human being .
 Of Mice and Men could possibly be the most extrordinary piece of literature that I have ever read . John Steinbeck chooses perfectly fitting words when he is describing actions and settings . He paints a a very detailed picture that successfully informs the reader of all the events pertaining to the story . Steinbeck 's writing pulls emotions out of his characters . By doing this , he provokes strong feelings from the reader . ** note ** Some events in this book may be considered emotionally disturbing and I would strongly recommend anyone with any kind of emotional controversy not to read this book !
 I believe that this book is one of the best books I 've read so far . I find John Steinbeck 's style of writing to be interesting and enjoyable to read . I love the way he makes every chapter seem like a scene in a play . He uses wonderful detail about everything he mentions . The story in itself is excellent , also . Within only a few pages , a deep and intriguing story between two companions develops and shows the reader the power of friendship . As an added plus , it 's short enough to read in a couple of hours , which is wonderful if you 're a busy person . It is truly and excellent book and I recommend it to everyone .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' was an assignment for my eleventh grade American Literature class . I loved the way that Steinbeck captured Lennie 's emotions and inner struggles . The vivid confrontations between George and Lennie were fabulously detailed . George 's patience with his companion is a prominent theme that grasps the reader by the heart . Steinbeck 's technique of scattering reoccurring themes throughout his novel help to draw the story into a circle . `` Of Mice and Men '' is very straightforward , easy to read and it 's short length kept my attention . Steinbeck depicted a detailed , symbolic story in a short amount of time and I think that this skill should be applauded ! I loved this book and I recommend it to anyone with a compassionate and caring heart !
 My name is Mandy Hedgepeth and I am a junior at Saint Mary 's School in Raleigh , NC . My english class just completed `` Of Mice and Men '' , by John Steinbeck . I thouroughly enjoyed this fascinating book . It shows a relationship between two very different people . Their adventures kept me on the edge of my seat at all times . The love these two men have for each other is remarkable . George and Lennie go through alot together and because of this their friendship becomes greater . In the end George is forced to decide how much he really loves Lennie . His choice , in my opinion , shows his love more than anything .
 My name is Anna Avera , and I am writing this review for my eleventh grade english class . I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was a thrilling , two thumbs up work of art . I could n't put it down . I learned alot from the companionship of Lennie and George , and realized how important my friends and family are to me . Lennie was the cutest thing , he made me laugh through the whole book , I just wanted to squeeze him and give him a huge hug . And the poor thing never got to tend to his rabbits . I did think that the ending was sad and I hated that Lennie had to die , but the way that the author demonstrated George 's purpose for doing what he did showed how much he really did love Lennie . He would n't let anyone else hurt him . This book is a book that should be read by everyone . I think it can teach all people something about life and how fortunate some people are more than others . This is a spectacular book , and Steinbeck has shown a great strength through his work . It was very easy to understand and follow along . THe sentence structure and detail made everything happen . I felt as if I was actually there in some parts of the book . I almost want to think that Steinbeck had some experience in what he wrote , because he seems to know alot about what he writes . I loved this book alot more than any other book I have ever read and I will be sure to put this book on the top of my request list .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' takes place in the early 1900 's in a country setting . All the chacters in the book are very simple people living a simple life as much as possible in that time frame . The main plot in the story is about a man who is a little different from everyone else , and he is trying to fit in . He finds out when trying to fit in he does some things that are n't really the right things to do . The poor man is a little different than the others and was just trying to get along with everyone and others did n't want to except him.The theme of the story is that some people are different . That means that people should think about that and give others chances to fit in . Readers find the theme in this book to be important because this is a real life situation that almost everyone will have to face and , most of the time , people react in the way they should n't . The theme is demonstrated throughout the book , and it is simple to understand how people react when they are not in their normal situation .
 George and Lennie are the two main charcters , in this novel . They portray the lives of everyone in that time.Steinbeck has kept a lot of adjectives describing how the sorroundings were calm and peaceful , but then desturbed by the arrival og George and Lennie into the novel . There is also alot of authority in this novel , mainly signalised by ` spurs ' . The boss , Curley and Slim wear spurs that shows they have a higher status than the rest . Curley uses violence throughout the novel , trying to prove himself to the rest , as it seems he is a little insecure , almost , although he is the boss ' son . Slim is a nice guy who earns the respect of others not through violence but through the simple fact of him being a nice and thoughtful guy , he also seems a more brain - using person , unlike Curley who uses his fist . Steinbeck has kept two characters that were thought to be outsiders in that time , Curley 's wife -LRB- who was not good or important enough to be given a name or identity , and Crooks . Curley 's wife is a woman , and in that time women were thought to be of lower importance compared to men ! Crooks is a black man , he is also thought as less important , Crooks is a nice guy who craves for companionship , but only gets racism -LRB- except fro Lennie -RRB- . All the main characters hold on to a dream of one day owning a farm , of the own . This was the dream of many men in those days . This is certainly one of the most touching novel I have read . A novel about two friends who try to survive , in a time where who you are does not matter . It came a shock to me how steinbeck ended the novel . But it was a powerful novel , which should be understood .
 A well written book with an original plot , and a book that displays the importance of friendship and doing what needs to be done . It is entertaining and gripping , and is impossible to put down . Steinbeck has displayed human nature and human fault remarkably well , and put it to an interesting storyline at them same time . A timeless book .
 like i said earlier , wow . i really enjoyed reading this book . unlike some peple , i am not the crying type , yet this book actually moved me to tears . i think it was the reality of the story and the fact that the characters are so real . they have their dreams , their hopes , and their faults . steinbeck does n't view this world through rose colored glasses . no , instead he tells it like it is and that is what is so great about this book . a must read .
 I 'm the girl who cries over anything sappy . That 's just how I am . I was captivated by the way Steinbeck used description ! Throughout the novel , it was so detailed that I probably could have drawn it . But the end , oh the end ! It made me so sad , but I realized how fantastically honest the entire novel is . It 's great .
 I was captivated by Steinbeck 's description from page one . At first I was flooered to thing George would kill his only friend ; however , I understand why he had to do it . The end brought me to tears , but I absolutely loved it .
 ive read the book and listened to the cassette tape which was fab im telling you its worth reading
 WE READ OF MICE AND MEN IN ENGLISH CLASS LAST WEEK , AND ALREADY I 'VE BOUGHT THE BOOK AND THE MOVIE , THIS IS REALLY THE GRE4ATEST BOOK EVER , I REALLY LIKE LENNIE
 this is a really good book . i thought the ending was so shocking and everytime i read it i still do n't believe what happened .
 it is great to read and understand the life of other people that have different lifestyles other than yours .
 Of Mice and Men , by John Stienbeck is a great book . Alhough it started out slowly , the shocking ending is wonderful . Stienbecks very discriptive writing , and his knack for greAt novels , makes this one of the best books I 've ever read .
 This is a beautifully written tale of a tragic freindship , as always with John Steinbeck marvelously sensitive towards human feelings and interactions . Despite the melancholy ending I found the book to be thoroughly enjoyable in its portrayal of Lennie 's innocence and simple desires , as well as his relationship with George . It 's sad that schoolkids who have difficulty reading the book find it ` boring ' . Perhaps because the book has n't got a screen and joystick .
 I am a teenager , on the high school football team and I hate John Steinbeck because he made me cry . This book is a beautiful piece of literature and it pains me to see other students call this work -LRB- and other classics -RRB- `` boring '' . If you have n't read it you should .
 Of Mice of Men was a very good book . It gives you a good look back in the Great Depression . I had to read this book for English class and it was very good.There was very good characters in the book it is worth reading .
 I thought this book to be one of the best novels that I 've read . I also did a duo interpertation of this book for speech and my partner and I did very well we took sixth in state . Anyone who gave it less than at least five stars ca n't see the true meanings and feelings that the author intended for this book . It show 's peoples differences with one another , but how they can still be connected . This book was awesome .
 This book is probably the best book that I have ever read and is the only book that has gotten me interested in writing for a english class Idependent Study Unit -LRB- I.S.U. -RRB- A must for every reader in the world
 When I started to read John Steinbecks 's , Of Mice and Men , it was really hard for me to put the book down . The book was filled with suspense and dramaall the way through . I thought this was a great story of two guys who loved and cared for each other , and I thought this book showed how people can be different , but can still be friends . This book had two man characters , Lennie and George . They were both different , but shared similarities . I thought the description of the Lennie was great , and as the story went on , the closer I became to him . I thought the author did a great job when he talked about George . George was a kind , hardworking , and a smart man that could be nice to Lennie when he needed him , and he was sometimes hard on him when his patience ran out . Although Lennie caused some trouble every once in awhile , George fussed and him but he knew Lennie did n't mean any harm , so he worked hard to get them out of trouble . As the story went on , I loved to read about their friendship . It showed how much a great friend George was and how strong a man he was . John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is a must read.Ian McMichael
 Imagine lying in the grass with your head facing the stars , a stream trickling by . You can hear the stream seem to lull you in , and you feel the pleasures of a hot , crackling fire , being managed by someone else . Sounds perfect , right ? Well , for George , in John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men , it is anything but perfect . George is taking care of a man named Lennie , who is mentally ill , and dangerous at that . After grabbing a girl and not letting go , Lennie , under George 's strict supervision , is helped to flee . They find a job at a farm in the country , and things are going well - at least , that 's how it seems . This book combines distinguished writing with a remarkable plot , summing up to a great , touching ending.At the beginning of each chapter Steinbeck describes the setting of the chapter . This technique is fine for some , but bad for others . This style forces the reader who is n't interested yet to read about the place that is being described . If Steinbeck waited a while to explain these things , readers would really be interested in what they were reading -LRB- whereas in the beginning of the chapter this is n't so -RRB- . However , some people disagree and like to have lots of description so they know exactly what they 're reading about . A perfect example is the beginning of the second chapter . After explaining the setting of this room in great detail , Steinbeck pauses . Then he goes on to say , `` The door opened and a tall , stoop-shouldered old man came in . He was dressed in blue jeans and he carried a big push-broom in his left hand . Behind him came George , and behind George , Lennie . `` But after the beginning of each chapter , description dwindles to a perfect amount . The book really flows with dialogue and description combined . The dialogue is used in such a critical way , and Steinbeck really took advantage of the fact that he could express whatever he wanted through dialogue . This writing style also makes the readers able to suspect things , rather than to be told things . Readers are left to figure it out for themselves , making it more believable as well . At the end of the book , it is hard to understand what is happening until you read the dialogue that followed the action . This was a great aspect of the book.Another clever thing Steinbeck established in the beginning of the book was a theme of a farm with rabbits , in which George and Lennie are to live off the fatta the lan ' . It is shown very clearly -LRB- also through dialogue -RRB- that this is Lennie 's dream , what he lives for . It also gives the reader hope , which makes people want to continue reading - they want to find out if this dream or wish ever happens . It is a sign of a good author that he can convey emotions so strongly . One of the most touching books , Of Mice and Men stands out . Steinbeck was gutsy in his choices as a writer , and because of that , the ending does n't make the reader necessarily feel sad , the reader feels moved . Something Steinbeck does a good job of is making readers change their mind so many times about what they think of Lennie , and if they feel sorry for George , admire George , hope Lennie dies for George 's sake ... the list goes on.This was one of the best classic novels . It is a good book to read if you 're looking for something that can draw you in in a short time , and it is hard to put down once you start . Of Mice and Men is definitely a classic worth reading - and re-reading . It is amazing that Steinbeck was able to write this story with such a compellng writing style , gripping plot , and high level of emotion in so few pages .
 It was a good book and I enjoyed reading it . I got into it when I started reading it , but I thought it had to much foul language , and I didnt really like the way it ended .
 This book was a really great book about two men set off to a ranch to get a job . My advice is to go get this book and read it today . This was a good book because of the way it tells the things that happen and the wording is in a way that anyone can understand . Some advice for someone who loves to read go out and get this book today .
 This book was a really great book about two men set off to a ranch to get a job . My advice is to go get this book and read it today . This was a good book because of the way it tells the things that happen and the wording is in a way that anyone can understand . Some advice for someone who loves to read go out and get this book today .
 I do not know how many times I have read this charming tragedy . Never has there been written a more precious piece of tragic literature that seems so far away from the classic form of tragedy in its noble form , but surpasses its noble cousins by its down-to-earth credibility and realistic plot and setting . This is a tragedy that lives here and now , its language is fitting and almost poetic in its vulgarity and its humane simplicity . Whoever finds this language inadequate closes his eyes before the truth of reality . And he has difficulty in recognizing a simple human being and his basically tragic situation . George is a real tragic hero , who dwarfs Antigone and Oedipus because he is a simple human being and a real man . I will read this novel again and again .
 In the book Of Mice And Men Steinbeck uses a language that a common person would . I say this because he does not use many fancy words to try to make his book seem like a better book . He also tells about how life can sometimes be mean and hateful like the many times George gets mad at Lenny because he is slow and can not remember things too well . Steinbeck also writes about how life was for two guys during the great depression , and how people had to travle from place to place looking for work . He also writes in this book about how guys would save their money up and go into town on the weekend . Personally I like this book because he tells how life was during the time of the great depression .
 This is a great story by a great writer . John Steinbeck is one of my favorite writers and he did n't let me down with this touching tale of two friends who work the fields of California . I opened the book and did n't put it down until I was finished ... I find that his characters are the best part of his stories . I really like how he makes his characters so ` human ' . Steinbeck tells a story like some of the greatest artist paint pictures .
 Mysteries and horrors and love stories OH MY . More often then not readers are over whelmed by the stories they read . But not this one , Of Mice and Men is an easy reading book that one is going to have a very difficult time putting down . I found myself reading five and six chapters in one sitting . This book has a story that will touch everyone who reads it . Of Mice and Men is a story about two migrant workers , friends , who are moving from farm to farm in search of work . The adventures and dedication of these two men as they search of a better life , is the main focus of this book . Of Mice and Men is filled with ups and downs , twists and turns that will keep one wondering how it is going to end . This book is like no other . I think everyone should be required to read this book . I am certain that it will have a life changing affect . It did me . Of Mice and Men will make you appreciate your friends , what they do and mean to you .
 When I read this book I was twelve and I loved it . I still do . It is a compelling , heart-warming story , although the ending is quite sad . I recommend it to anyone who likes classic novels . It 's one of those books that keeps you thinking about the story days after you 've finished it .
 I am from BLA high school in the bronx and I thank my teacher MS. Solomon for giving us this book to read . This book tells the story of true friends and how hard it was during the great depression . From this book I have learned that sometimes you just got to do what is best for you and your friend . This book always has a new surprise . The author uses symbolism and foreshadowing to tell the story . As the story goes on the better it gets . I have read this book twice and I can just keep reading it over and over because it tells such good details and information . Reading this book you will feel as if you were there because the action never ends you will keep being surprised until the last sentence of the book .
 This is a little book , less than 200 pages , that packs a big punch . John Steinbeck tells the story of George and Lennie who travel around the Mid-West in the 1930 's working as day laborers on large farms . George is small in stature and `` street smart '' while Lennie is large , strong and `` intellectually challenged '' to be politically correct . George and Lennie depend upon each other for companionship . They are a kind of family . Lennie looks up to George as a big brother . George admires Lennie 's physical size and strength . You get the impression that one would be lost without the other . George spends a lot of his time keeping Lennie out of trouble . Lennie wants rabbits to raise and George wants to be his own boss . They know where a little farm is for sale . It 's just what they want . George and Lennie need six-hundred dollars to make this dream come true . For a while it looks as if the dream can become a reality . Then trouble comes in the form of a woman . The ending , while you know what is coming , is a shocker.This John Steinbeck classic is just as powerful in it 's message today as it was in 1937 . George and Lennie together represent every person who has ever had a dream that they secretly knew was just out of their reach . Together they support each other and keep their dream alive.I had not read this book since high school , some 40 years ago . I finished it in one setting .
 Of Mice and Men is a thrilling book which grabs your seat and makes you want to read all the way till the last page of the book . A classic John Steinbeck novel , it never ceases to excite readers with its unpredictable story . Two main characters , George and Lenny , starts off the journey with a dream but without the resources , they are left with nothing but their dreams . Of all friendships that started , George and Lenny 's were the most unpredictable one . George , a small built guy with brains , and Lenny , a big built muscular guy but is no where as smart as George , were complete opposites . Throughout the book , George has no choice but to control Lenny is everyway and Lenny , being the strong man that he is , is not able to control himself without George , Lenny is lost in his world of his own which makes total chaos . To me , it is without a doubt that the best part of Steinbeck 's writing is his ability to get into people 's heart and able to play with their emotions . Throughout the novel , there are many wicked twists and that 's what makes this novel enjoyable . As I started reading the book from the first page , the feeling of happiness was what I felt , but as it heads for the end , I felt the feeling of remorse and sadness . The novel itself , has a complex meaning behind it , a meaning which can not be expressed by words , but can only be expressed by reading it . This is perhaps one of the classic novels . The novel was and I think still is banned from a couple of places in the world , and sometimes , it gets you thinking , why would they want to ban a book ? Is it something the government of do n't want to reveal to the public ? Whatever it is , this is a classic novel that will always be part of America 's history in literature .
 It took me 27 years to read `` Of Mice and Men , '' and when I finally did , I realized what I had been missing for all of that time . This is easily the perfect novel . The pace is brisk , the flow sound , and the characters real . There are no loose ends in this text -- it is tied together as tightly as the bags of barley that the men buck in the fields -- and it poses such universal questions as
 BURN the Catcher in the Rye , for all I care . Of Mice and Men went from being what I thought was stupid , to what is now one of my favorite books of all time.The story is simple , beautiful , and meaningful . So many morals pop up that tell you what life should be like , and how unjust the world can be at times . When I saw the movie version of this with Gary Sinise and John Malcovich , I almost cried.George and Curley 's wife were my favorite characters , both reaching for something they could 've had , but can never posses . With each sentence your spine tingles , and you die to find out what 's going to happen next.Things surprised me . Shocked me . I wanted to scream at some points , because I could n't believe what was happening.I BEG you to read this beautiful book . If you do n't , then you 're really missing out .
 I found the book to be very good . Once you you get in to the book you cant stop . I felt as if the characters were real . I cryed at the end it was so touching .
 As is true of all John Steinbeck novels , all of the stories are set in Salinas , California - Steinbeck 's hometown . This is the geographic region where this prized author spent all of his time -LRB- generally outdoors -RRB- writing and observing , and was a very studious `` freak of nature '' , so to speak . A surprisingly interesting read , `` Of Mice And Men '' focuses on two subjects named George and Lennie . George dreams of getting steady work on an animal farm , while his aimless , slow-witted friend -LRB- Lennie -RRB- has an ongoing desire to pet -LRB- and mangle -RRB- mice and other assorted creatures . These two take up residence with various other persons along their evasive journey as well . But , there 's one pressing problem
 Of Mice and Men is a great book with an ending that you would never expect . The two main characters , George and Lennie , are traveling to find work on a ranch in California after a misunderstanding in their hometown . George is a small built man who looks after his best friend Lennie , a large man with a mental handicap . Lennie looks up to George and will do whatever he says and does.When they arrived to the farm George advised Lennie not to talk , fearing they would get rejected because of Lennies ' handicap . After receiving the job , they met all the workers and the bosses ' son , Curley , a jealous , immature man who has recently married a flirtatious woman . Lennie , being an easy target for confrontation , is the one Curley kept going after whenever he had a problem with his wife.Steinberg did a wonderful job of keeping the readers interest . While reading the book , you think you know how it will end , but when the ending comes , it is a major surprise . To find out the ending , read the short , yet touching book , Of Mice and Men .
 After reading the novel of Mice and Men , i gave the book four stars because it is a very interesting . This book always kept me entertained . In my opnion the whole book was the climax because therof the novel . George and Lennie are two great characters that protrayed a great friendship . Although Lennie was slow , you got a sense of how protective George was of him . There jounray across the country to find there dreams by getting a house together , thought would have come true but was tragically ended .
 I 've noticed in different high schools I have worked at that this book is stil universely read with good reason . I recently went through a Steinback phase after driving by the Steinback museum near Salinas on the 101 -LRB- California -RRB- . This book does so MANY things well it 's really a template for how to write a complete novel . At the simplest level , the plot is quick and fast paced and used effectively to stregnthen the other elements of the book . The prose is perfect as the tone is appropriate throughout . There is dread in the air when we are unsure of Lennie 's actions or future and a calm in the scenes where we see friednly interaction between the two main characters . The book is touching and the characterization makes these people real and emotional . Finally the themes of percieved right and wrong , being your own person , and idividual freedom are all touched upon expertly.Bottom Line
 I read Of Mice and Men twice before setting out to write a fair review of it , simply because it was that strong of a book . It ranks among the few novels that have brought a tear to my eye . The entire story is just constructed so beautifully , I was truly blown away by the time I finished.The characters are all memorable and very interesting , as are there relationships . Lennie is a lovable -LRB- albeit slow -RRB- giant , and I felt complete anxiety when his fate was still unsure . George is an average man who would probably just blend in with the crowd in life were it not for his large companion . And while these are the two main characters , the entire cast is just fabulous.I actually do n't have a single complaint . The format is compact , and I can honestly that this is one story that I will read and re-read over and over.This novella is a must-read instant-classic for absolutely anyone . It 's a touching story with relevant themes that will really get you thinking .
 `` Of mice and men '' is a story about two friends as different as fire and water . George smart and calm on the one hand - the unpredictable childish Lennie one the other hand . In the time of the great Depression they are trying to make a living as farm workers with the dream of owning a farm . But Lennie 's clumsiness causes problems all the way through . Because of him they had to leave the last farm . Hence George organised a new job on a farm , where the story is set.Remarkable is John Steinbeck 's fascination for symbols . Every effect of a scene seems to be reasoned and prepared . In the beginning the surrounding is described in a detail . If you 'll think about it and take your time you 'll find the image Steinbeck tries to create . The style is pretty easy . The book consists mostly of simple and short dialogues . That makes the book comfortable to read . No time is wasted by the narration of unnecessary things . It keeps you reading on and on - looking forward for the next incident.The characters are well created even if you 'll have the feeling that some of them are brought in to get the story ahead . Many characters appear at a single moment , which may confuses . But all in all they look real and the reader can form his opinion about each character.So you 'll rush trough the book of 100 pages ... expecting an powerful and fantastic ending - an expectation , which shall not be fulfilled !! Steinbeck initiates an abrupt , unspectacular ending . I was disappointed and somehow left in the dark ... Aside that the book is absolutely worth reading !
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is such a wonderful little piece of fiction . Steinbeck is an absolute marvel in his use of imagery , and his ability to paint the lives of ordinary men in such bright colors is unparalled.This book is short , but a gamut of emotions packs its pages . Not only is the reader exposed to anger and exasperation , but humor , despair , and a reintroduction to the human condition as well.The characters of George and Lennie are classic , and in my opinion , can easily be compared with Fitzgerald 's Nick Carraway and Jay Gatsby as far as memorability goes.Steinbeck , undoubtedly , has written a slew of great works including `` The Grapes of Wrath '' and `` Cannery Row , '' but if ever there is a story you should read by this man , it is `` Of Mice and Men . '' Its simplicity alone is genius and there is a lot said about power and how it is abused and lorded over the weak.Good things come in small packages ... and for those high school kids out there who think it sucks ... I 've been there ... Just give it a few years and you are likely to better understand its importance with age -LRB- and the same goes for `` The Great Gatsby '' while I 'm on my soap box -RRB- .
 In this short story , Steinbeck describes the friendship of two very different men during a period of migrant farm work in early 20th century California . This friendship is marked by a shared dream to buy a small plot and `` live of the fat of the land '' . The two characters could not be more distinct -- one , George , is a short wise man , with rugged and sharp features ; the other , Lennie , is a large and strong man , gentle but with very limited wit.Steinbeck 's description of characters and nature is very simple and clean , especially of the other farm workers in the farm where Lennie and George are just arriving . It is a world of loners , like Candy who is injured and old but still looking for a place where he belongs , and Crooks who is a deformed black man who is ostracized by the other workers -LRB- and carries a lot of resentment for it -RRB- and buries himself in books.There are quite a few underlying themes in the story , most of which question the value of life and dreams , especially as one is getting old or one 's dreams seem to be fading away in a second . Lennie is caught in a situation where his great dream to tend rabbits in their land is shattered by an encounter with the wife of the farm owner 's son that gets out of hand , and so the story unfolds to its tragic ending.The ending is exceptional , shoking and leaves one reconsidering the book for a while . The most impressive characteristic of the ending is the lack of change in style ; Steinbeck continues its clean and direct prose and is able to construe a believable and meaningful ending in just a few pages.I highly recommend this short novel , it is a little over 100 pages and you should be done with it in a 2-hour flight . It is a great intro to Steinbeck 's writing style , which , along with The Pearl , in my opinion , makes a great combination of Steinbeck 's short tragic stories .
 This is a great book -- two very different men brought together by certain circumstances . I love the way the characters compliment each other . I recommend this book to anyone .
 A great read from start to finish . I loked the characters and there emotion from the start to the shocking ending . This book has everything in it romance , suspense , drama , humor . The book is written great and it deals greatly with the depression . It shows how real friends act and how they deal with the emotion they went through .
 `` The best-laid schemes o ' mice an ` menGang aft agley , An ` lea'e us nought but grief an ' pain , For promis 'd joy ! '' - Robert Burns , `` To A Mouse , On Turning Her Up In Her Nest With The Plough `` Lennie and George , the two main characters in John Steinbeck 's post-depression era novel , Of Mice and Men , hold to the `` promised joy '' that they will someday be able to live out their days on an idyllic farm . Steinbeck 's terse , strong narrative style confronts the reader from the very beginning that the men 's dream will not come true.Spanning only the course of a few days , the novel is stunning in its beauty , despair , and tragedy . Steinbeck 's foreshadowing of Lennie 's death -LRB- by the killing of the old dog -RRB- is masterful and disturbing.Readers who enjoyed Grapes of Wrath will be surprised at this stripped-down novel , which runs only about 100 pages ; it captures much the same sentiment , but on a smaller and more intimate scale.Even after you put the book down , you 'll never be able to forget the characters .
 This book tells the story of two hobos named George and Lennie who are trying to make a living . They get in trouble a lot and this causes many problems for them . They get a job at a ranch and make some friends , and some enemies . I liked this book and I would recommend reading this book .
 The novel , `` Of Mice and Men '' , by John Steinbeck , was one of the best books that I have ever read . It is full of detail about how people lived during the Great Depression . It also explains how the hobos during that time lived . To illustrate this , John Steinbeck introduced Lennie and George . Lennie is a huge , retarded man who has a loss of short-term memory and the mind of a small child . He can only move on by the strength of his one and only dream , to `` Live off the fata that lan . '' Lennie wants to own his own ranch and tend to his rabbits . George is a stout , hardheaded man who was instructed by Lennie 's Aunt Clara to watch over him when she dies . George and Lennie are on the run from their home because of problems that Lennie had encounter there . They encounter many more problems at the ranch that they end up working on but they stick together until the very end.This novel kept me interested the whole way through . I would recommend it to any high level reader who enjoys reading about things from the past with a lot of western dialogue .
 This is a wonderful if bleak tale . In it we meet the simple-minded giant Lennie Small and his compassionate friend George Milton and we follow their tragic tale . It is a story of how the best-laid plans can go awry . All they want is a piece of land that they can call home , but a double tragedy tears them apart . It is a terribly sad , but important story that should be read .
 This novel is wonderful , excitingand beautiful . Once you open this book you ca n't put it down . The way the authorpresents the two main characters personalities show how the weak are treated in society . These main characters are trying to runaway from their past , trying to move on . But sooner or later there past catches up with them and it 's worst then ever . Thesetwo main characters deal with many things in a new place . Each event gets worst and worst until ... . This is a shocker !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Of MIce and Men by John Steinbeck is an excelent choice for reading . THe personalities of these two characters makes this a great book to read . THsi book tells a story of two men who have an unlikely friendship . George , small and sharp minded and Lennie , tall and mentally challenged go through many obstacles after Lennie ruined their opportunity at a job in Weed . They later leave to a near by town to find a new job . The struggles that one person goes through to keep another perso n out of trouble is the meaning of a true friendship . Later on their friendship is put to the test when the only woman in the ranch gets murdered . Will their trust for each other destroy their friendship or make it stronger ? The characters in this book have a trust for each other until a tragedy occurs later on in this book . Once you read this book , you would n't want to stop .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an excellent choice of reading.The language of this book gives you a visualization of what goes on this book . The character 's Personalities in this book makes it a great book to read . This book tells a story of two men who have an unlikely frienship . George , small and sharp minded and Lennie , tall and mentally challenged go through many obstacles after Lennie ruined their opportunity for a job at Weed . They later leave to a near by town to find a new job.The struggle that one person goes through to keep another perosn out of trouble is the true meaning of their friendship . Later on their friendship is put to the test when the only woman on the ranch was murdered . Will their trust for each other destroy or make their friendship stronger ? The Characters of this book have a trust for each other until a tragedy changes everything later on in the is book . This might change their friendship and maybe each other 's lives .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an excellent choice of reading.The language of this book gives you a visualization of what goes on this book . The character 's Personalities in this book makes it a great book to read . This book tells a story of two men who have an unlikely frienship . George , small and sharp minded and Lennie , tall and mentally challenged go through many obstacles after Lennie ruined their opportunity for a job at Weed . They later leave to a near by town to find a new job.The struggle that one person goes through to keep another perosn out of trouble is the true meaning of their friendship . Later on their friendship is put to the test when the only woman on the ranch was murdered . Will their trust for each other destroy or make their friendship stronger ? The Characters of this book have a trust for each other until a tragedy changes everything later on in the is book . This might change their friendship and maybe each other 's lives .
 Of mice and men is one book I have read and enjoyed . If you are thinking of buying and reading a book this would be a great choice . These are some suggestions why you should read Of mice and men . I am a soohmore in High School and I believed that this book was going to be such a boring book . But after a few days I began to enjoy it . It was a book I can visualized in my mind . After the students read the book , it was the talk of the school.Of mice and men is about two people named gearge and Lennie , Lennie was not such a bright men , he had the mind of a three year old . Lennie and George were on a aventure to fing a job because they were low on money -LRB- who is n't -RRB- when they find their job and they can hang on until they have enough money to buy a house . They did n't know the consequences , this might destroy their friendship , and even change dramatically the est of their lives .
 This book titled Of mice and men is not only exciting but captivating as well . The author is a genius in the way he brings about the story of two very different men . The story of George and Lennie . George is a small but tough man who has an intense friendship with Lennie , a big but slow man.The context of this book is excellent although at the beginning of the book some people may say that it seems very boring , or that it has too many facts as in facts that are not needed . But that 's only some people 's opinion I believe that the beginning of the book is actually very important . It contains a lot of information that if not known you will not be able understand how George and Lennie end up together , and what was that caused them to end up looking for another job.Another brilliant thing that the author does is that he uses literary devices . The most important literary device that he uses is foreshadowing . In the book there is a incident in which one of the characters from the book named Candy has a dog that has been with him almost all his life and naturally like all animals age this dog became old and ill . The dog became so ill that two of the other characters believed that the best thing to do with the dog was to put him out of his misery by killing him . Candy could not believe what was said but after thinking about it he finally agreed that this would be the best thing . After all was said and done and one of the characters shot the dog in the back of the head Candy still believed that this was a good idea but he also believed that it would of been better if he would have done it himself , because after it was his dog . This incident foreshadows a major part of the book.This book is as good as a cold glass of water on a hot day .
 My daughter needed this book for school and enjoyed it and re read it many times . I took it for a trip and read it and it was a great book .
 I ca n't belive how stunning and emotional this book is . I 'm in 6th grade and I ca n't belive how easy it i to read but how much it atttracts you to flip every single page . follow George and Lennie and cry along the way
 Professionally done and true to the original . A good movie too ! Purchased for reluctant readers in a lower level English classroom .
 This is a great book ! The Pumpkin Patch was the bookseller and they were prompt and friendly ! I would recommend The Pumpkin Patch and Of Mice and Men to everyone !
 Of Mice and Men was a very good classic read . It amazed me at how quickly John Steinbeck was able to draw the reader into the book especially since it is a very short novel . I also liked the way he quickly gets you familiar with Lennie and George as well as the other characters and the important part each plays . It is definitely a classic that everyone must read . It was very good , but not the best I 've read .
 I 've heard about _ Of Mice and Men _ all my life but had never read it . Gary Sinise does a fine job of reading it , with different voices for each character . The story is simple but almost horrifying as I watched Lenny accidently `` pet '' Curly 's wife to death , and then realized that George is going to kill Lenny rather than let him suffer a trial , prison , or execution . This short story was SO good that I plan to read more of Steinbeck 's books from now on .
 I read this book in high school and i had to buy it . Its a really good book !
 This is a great audio book . Gary Sinise captures each character of this classic with a fluidity that draws the listener deep into the story . After reading the book several times , and seeing both film versions , I felt like I was experiencing the story for the first time .
 Virtuoso performance by Gary Sinise . I am a teacher and use it in class . However , I would have preferred a more detailed cue system . I could find chapters with a little practice but exact counts would have been nice . Other than that , a great unabridged rendition .
 What a poignant and precise book . Despite this book 's classic reputation , I never read this in school , and really had no idea what the book was about . I really enjoyed it - and was truly shocked by how sad it was . I felt terrible after reading the ending and was surprised at how such a short book could cover such huge themes like isolation , friendship , love , death and dreams . The number of dogs were surprising , too . I liked it more than _ Cannery Row _ .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men , set in California in the 1930 's , involves two main characters , Lennie and George , who work together to achieve their dream of owning their own farm . Lennie , mentally handicapped , loves to touch soft thing , which plays a major role in the novel . At one time , George , Lennie 's partner , used to force Lennie to inflict harm on himself for George 's own amusement until one day when George told Lennie to jump into a river , where Lennie almost drowned . George and Lennie begin working on a new ranch because they had to flee the former ranch t because of Lennie 's actions . On the new ranch , the duo meet Candy , an older man who feels that his services are of minimal use at the ranch . One day , Candy overhears George and Lennie talking about their idea for a farm . Candy says that he will give him their life savings if he can go with them , and they figure that if they work one more month on the ranch , with Candy 's money , they will be able to buy their own place.The book uses numerous symbols to portray its messages . The farm that George describes to Lennie , where they will grow their own food and tend their own livestock , is one of the most powerful symbols in the book . It is so powerful because it makes the reader want to believe that the characters can accomplish their dream . To each of the characters the farm represents the possibility of freedom , independence , and protection from the world.Of Mice and Men is also on the Banned Book List because the book contains uses of profanity , and because of George 's mistreatment of Lennie . By banning or challenging the book , people try to limit access to the book because they find the book unfit for a certain group to read . This book does contain profanity , but it is done so in a manner that makes the book seem realistic of the times . The book does a wonderful job of portraying the hardships and dreams during the Great Depression in California . When people try to limit access to a book of this caliber , they take away from another individual 's enlightenment .
 George and Lenny are laborers . And laborers , as a rule , do n't have anybody , `` But not us George , tell about how it is with us , '' Lenny pleads . Lenny is a simple man , not that good with his numbers , but he can do whatever you tell him . Slow of mind , but with a powerful build . `` Guys like us , they got no family , no root . But not us , because I got you , and you got me . `` An endearing story , of brotherly love .
 hmmm ... from reading everyone else 's review ... i guess im juz thinking different or misinterpreting the story . From my point of view , I believe that this book 's not just written upon the subject of discrimination of our social society , but it is written to show the loneliness of people and the effects of being lonely . . For example , the wife of Curley , the son of the owner of the farm , acts of more flutterishly toward because of her isolated life from the people of the world , and her preference of attention from everyone caused from this loneliness ... , and also the old man Candy kept his dog to escape from his own world loneliness . The main characters George and Lennie are also affected by being lonely . George has a habit of petting everything because from petting something you are sure of the fact that you are touching something that is alive , to enjoy the feeling of being next to someone escaping from the loneliness . George also tries to escape his loneliness by thinking of his dream house , where everyone will be happy and satisfied of their life . Of course I 'm not saying that the idea of the book is not written upon the subject of prejudice but I 'm just expressing my own opinion . So no hard feelings -_- ; ; lol
 This is the first Steinbeck I 've read and I have to say , it was an absolute pleasure . I found the descriptive style curt , while still being beautifully evocative . There is a lovely sense of space and movement to his backdrops.The two characters Lennie and George make for an immediately adorable duo . Lennie 's childlike glea and innocence makes you want to just stop and hug him from his very first line . You feel an overwhelming urge to want to protect him from the big bad world that George is all too aware of.The journey details their search for work as farm handlers and their ambition to fulfill their dream of one day owning their own land . Lennie must surely be one of the great literary characters of the 20th century . He 's looked down upon as a weirdo by most of the people he meets , when in fact he 's too good for them . He deserves better.A philosophical novel that 's impossible to put down -LRB- I read it in 1 day -RRB- , I found it a great introduction to Steinbeck . A classic to be recommended without reservation .
 The reason I chose this book was because we had to read it in school . I thought it would be about a man and his mouse.My feeling after reading the book is that it was good and the writer had alot of feelings and draw in the book.The book wasnt what I thought it would be . `` I thought it would not be very good '' . I didnt feel the same after reading the book because it was good and well thought out.the story is about two men `` mainly `` They are Lennie and George and they are traveling around job to job trying to make money . Lennie likes to touch things that he likes and gets them kicked out of all the towens they go to . Lennie and George get a plan to own there own land and hope to stop working for everyone else . This is the type of book that gets you hooked and you cant stop reading . The author is John Steinbook.One thing that I liked about the book is that it has good characters and a good story line that gets you hooked.I would recommend this book to anyone who is used to strong language and a little violence . other then that any one can read it . .
 i 've never read like this book , , it is really great novel by great author , , i advise teachers to teach it in their classes.i 've read also the pearl by Steinbeck . .
 it is the story of two guy , Lennie and Georges.Lennie is a bit slow and keeps following Georges . The last scene made me cry a lot because at the end Lennie ai n't gon na pet no rabbits ... like he wanted to so much ... :-LRB- I cried , and i cried and i cried ... i could n't stop crying for three days so i have seen a doctor , and then i made him cry too . . you have to read this absolutely great book but do n't forget your tissues . .
 My name is Anna Avera , and I am writing this review for my eleventh grade english class . I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was a thrilling , two thumbs up work of art . I could n't put it down . I learned alot from the companionship of Lennie and George , and realized how important my friends and family are to me . Lennie was the cutest thing , he made me laugh through the whole book , I just wanted to squeeze him and give him a huge hug . And the poor thing never got to tend to his rabbits . I did think that the ending was sad and I hated that Lennie had to die , but the way that the author demonstrated George 's purpose for doing what he did showed how much he really did love Lennie . He would n't let anyone else hurt him . This book is a book that should be read by everyone . I think it can teach all people something about life and how fortunate some people are more than others . This is a spectacular book , and Steinbeck has shown a great strength through his work . It was very easy to understand and follow along . THe sentence structure and detail made everything happen . I felt as if I was actually there in some parts of the book . I almost want to think that Steinbeck had some experience in what he wrote , because he seems to know alot about what he writes . I loved this book alot more than any other book I have ever read and I will be sure to put this book on the top of my request list .
 Of Mice and Men is one of the greatest books I 've read in my life.It shows a clear theme of loneliness throughout the story.Lenne and George show a close relationship throughout most of the story.Although Curly 's wife was always understood as Curly 's wife -LRB- because she never had a name in the story . -RRB- It was still a great book.Lennie and george always had a dream but obviously in the end george knew it ould never come true ...
 The book Of Mice and Men was a really good book.I think it was funny when Lennie always got in trouble . even if he was alittle slow . His friend always found a way out so that he would n't get into that big of trouble . It is good a really good book to read .
 When I was about 11 , I took this book off my parent 's bookshelf , because I thought I would liked the mice in the story . I had never heard of John Steinbeck - I am not native English speaking and do n't live in America . Reading it captivated me and changed the way I viewed books forever , in a way no other book ever had , and could do since . The writing is so elegant , so simple , so even and uncomplicated that at first it deceives one into believing the story was simply about two brothers and a girl . And it was - simple enough at that age for me to grasp and be moved by it . As a child , this book turned me into a reader of adult books . It was a turning point in the reading choices I made since , and my expectations of literature up to this day . When I read the book again as an adult , it had lost none of the simplicity but gripped me even more deeply , since I could fully understand the tragedy and violence . This book is absolutely essential reading , and I will give it to my children and every child I know . I am eternally grateful that it was written and that I stumbled upon it .
 One of the most incredible things that I have found reading Steinbeck is his ability to manipulate my mind set and opinions of his characters . I found this most relevant in OF MICE AND MEN.Though I had nothing in common with either of the main characters , in no time I started to relate to them through their emotions of lonliness and that desperation to find an ideal to cling to and look forward to . Taking the journey with them to the farm and interacting with the other people helping , Steinbeck tells a beautifully written story through dialogue . This story has detailed , but limited descriptions of settings . I for one really enjoyed this aspect after reading GRAPES OF WRATH which has both vivid descriptions and dialogue.Through the book , the reader witnesses Lennie constantly being lectured for every action he makes but still stays loyal and warm to George . This story actually reminded me of an abusive relationship when I first started reading it . George , being the abuser , is extremely negative , and verbally abusive to Lennie . Yet , the reader can feel how much love he has for Lennie as well . At first I hated George . He reminded me of Mo from the Three Stooges . I hated seeing him be so controlling and unkind to Lennie . As the story unfolded though I warmed up to George until the last pages where I went through a stage of shock , and then anger , and then pity for George . To bring all those emotions out of someone within about fifteen pages I was fully impressed.I only wish I would 've gotten the opportunity to read this in school instead of reading it on my own so I could compare perspectives and opinions on the book .
 Steinbeck has a great talent of telling a profound story with simple sentences , basic vocabulary , and a straight forward plot . The strength of the story is in great characters and the tone of the story . Not many books have touched my life like this one . It 's hard not to feel for Lennie and George and become angry at the world for there being no place for someone like Lennie at that point in time . It 's a truly moving story that should be read by everyone at least once .
 The title comes from the fact that one of the two main characters , Lennie , is a little retarded , but is still a kind man who only wishes for goodness . The other character , George , has more sense and knows his goals . He has dreams of buying a piece of land and settling down . He makes a continuous effort to keep Lennie 's erratic behavior in check and keep him out of trouble . However , in one incident , he held a mouse in his hand so tightly that he killed it , only desiring to caress it , but not knowing his own strength . He also has a rather awkward moment with a young farm girl in one of their migrant worker jobs , who terrifies him by screaming in Lennie 's presence , driving the man to shake her until her life is gone.George always tries to rescue Lennie when he finds trouble , although he eventually realizes that he can not watch him forever . Realizing that the girl 's death is just too much to handle , he relinquishes his dreams of a ranch and a life for the two of them in order to find a more direct solution to Lennie 's problems.This is a story of lessons in life that force you to reconsider what you invest in your friends . Of Mice and Men is a story of friendship , of devotion , disappointment and realization . John Steinbeck tries to show how flimsy our friendships can become even if they started off with the best of intentions and how loyal we must be to keep them intact . Yet , he filters out the hardships we endure just to survive and maintain a certain distance from those whose behavior effects us in detrimental ways . Again , Steinbeck is a genius , perfecting his storytelling by delving into the minds of these two men to see at what cost they remain devoted and loyal . I think Steinbeck has captured the spirit of hopes , dreams and wishes in a truly American episode of our great West .
 Yeah , they make you read this stuff in high school in a country where most kids find it challenging to read the back of a box of Cap'n Crunch . And because it 's forced reading , the novel itself becomes as ossified as one of those dismembered appendages found in Eastern European reliquaries . But if you break the glass and give it a sincere read , you 'll discover it 's one of the greatest novels ever to come out of America , whether it 's the economy of style , the simple power of the language , or its heart-breaking finality . It 's not just that Lenny bites the big one , it 's that George and all the other guys , they die too . And suffer more .
 One of the common themes in my top five books is loyalty . Looking at my own life experiences I can see why I am drawn to stories that honor loyalty . Steinbeck 's character George remains committed to Lennie despite all the trouble and hardships he causes . I absolutely love the dream that George and Lennie share and talk about as they work to achieve it . To quote one of my favorite films RUDY , `` Dreams are what make life tolerable . '' Their little farm dream will always be a vivid picture in my mind . Overcoming obstacles , dreaming big , working hard , and being sensitive to those who are disadvantaged have always been important trheads in my life , and these elements are the crux of John Steinbeck 's classic . I often used this book as a `` Read Aloud '' to my freshmen English studensts . I hope they loved hearing my George and Lennie voices as much as I loved creating them . Their voices will always be in my head and will remind me that when it comes to dealing with life 's adversity , it 's always better to have someone to share your experiences with , especially the most difficult ones . This book will always remain in my TOP FIVE .
 This book is one of the best books that I have ever read . It had plenty of humor and plenty of good lessons that one can use for the rest of their life . Steinbeck did an excellent job . I recommend this to anyone that wants to enjoy a good book .
 Undoubtedly one of the finest works to come out of 20th Century America , John Steinbeck 's celebrated classic remains one of the best things you 'll ever read , period . We all know the story by now
 Steinbeck was a celebrated american author and nobel laureate . This tale is short but provocative ideally suited for a light read before bedtime.The author 's style is simple , in the spirit of Hemingway , and narrative like Faulkner . Interwoven in the story are themes of isolation , racism and euthanasia told in the relations between two drifters , George and the mentally challenged Lennie , looking for farm work.The story is captivating and tragic with an uncanny realism allowing the reader to identify with the characters and their emotional state .
 Of Mice and Men is a novella by the great American writer John Steinbeck . Somehow , I avoided reading this very short work through my years of public education and over the course of 1-2 hours recently rectified the omission , in the course of which , I realized that I had seen a cartoon adaption of the leading characters -LRB- `` I used to have a friend . I petted him and squeezed him and he do n't move no more . '' -RRB- The book is the tale of two California drifters , George and Lenny ; George being the brains behind the duo and simple minded Lenny , a huge beast of a man , the brawn . The two men show up at a Salinas valley farm as day laborers , bringing in the barley harvest in an effort to `` raise a stake '' for purchase of their own small farm . Here we meet a collection of characters , richly drawn by Steinbeck , whose interaction lays the foundation for this excellent tale.I compare this work very favorably with Hemingway 's Old Man and the Sea , a novella of comparable length and quality . Both are quite short , yet very powerful in the emotions they stir in the reader .
 John Steinbeck 's classic novella `` Of Mice and Men , '' a tale of struggle during the Great Depression , follows the unlikely twosome of cynical George Milton and simpleton Lennie Small . The pair 's friendship and dependency appears to be dichotomous , but in my opinion it could be argued that either a greater friend or more dependent on the other . Because of Lennie 's fondness for petting soft things and getting in trouble , the pair travel from Weed , California to Soledad in order to make their dream of living off the fat of the land come true . Amidst wonderfully described and unique characters , the story of their friendship is superimposed atop various other friendship-themed sub-stories . Much like Steinbeck 's usage of dreams throughout the novella , the selection of Gary Sinise as reader is a dream for any listener . His style , tone , and delivery is no less impeccable than what would be expected from an actor so talented and diverse . He conveys the lonely nature of many of the characters , the pervasive desperation of the times.Regardless of criticisms about language and/or questionable material there is no denying the powerful themes in `` Of Mice and Men , '' nor is there any doubt of its status in the pantheon classics . Given Sinise 's dedication to the source material - he was also in the movie - there is no doubt his rendition amplifies the inherently powerful tones . With a running time of somewhere just over three hours , this is a perfect story to get lost in , to immerse yourself in a simpler time , while on a long weekend drive through rolling , sun-drenched wheat fields.Jason Elin
 It 's easy to see why Steinbeck 's classic has been the subject of study for so many years ; it 's a master-class of literary form . Clean prose and simple storytelling , no added unnecessarys . Even the metaphor is unfussy.But Steinbeck 's true gift lies in characterisation and his understanding of dialogue . When his characters speak and act they betray themselves for who they are . The reader listens and sees , gleans a past from the characters ' voices and gestures . The power of the novel comes from the intimacy the reader has with these characters , and it 's a testament to Steinbeck that in such a short book he reveals so much.Everyone should meet Lennie and George at least once , and if you do , you 'll never forget them .
 This book has a different way of showing love and the relationship between the protagonists . A book that will give you different emotions while reading it and unexpecting events .
 I do n't really want to add to the abundant thorough reviews of this classic 1936 work by Steinbeck , but do want to say that if you are here reading this review you must have interest in this book . Order it ! Just look at how many love the story - it would e hard to go wrong . If for some reason you do n't enjoy it , the book is such a classic you will have something wonderful to discuss - your critique on the book.I 'd imagine you will simply enjoy this .
 I 'll say it right up front
 I accidentally ordered this . The day it arrived , I spent the afternoon enthralled by Steinbeck 's writing and his unique view of the world . `` East of Eden '' is one of my very favorite books and I do n't really know why I 've never read `` Of Mice and Men '' before . I vaguely remember seeing it as a play while I was in high school.A story about two men working together to attain their own version of the American Dream , it brings up many ethical questions and can lead to some interesting discussion and thought.Excellent . I no longer have to wonder why it is a classic .
 If you have never read this classic , you should read it . If you read it long ago , you should read it again.Clifton Fadiman , one of the 20th century 's foremost critics , is said to have read 25,000 books in his lifetime , many more than once . `` When you re-read a classic , '' he said , `` you do not see more in the book than you did before ; you see more in you than there was before . '' I 've read Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men probably a half-dozen times since I first read it as a teenager . Each time , as a reader , I connect more with the characters than I did the last . And each time , as a writer , I learn something more about the stories I want to write .
 This is an amazing book . I 've read it dozens of times and it never fail to tug on my heart strings . I highly recommend this book to anyone who has a place in their hearts for a genuine classic piece of literature .
 Our class had to read this book as part of the curriculum ... and I am so glad we did ! This classic deserves the attention it has gotten the past -LRB- almost -RRB- 100 years ! Read this book!Of Mice and Men is about a retarded man named Lennie and the man who travels and protects him , George , and their journey to work on a ranch during the Great Depression.All of the characters in this book were complex and marvelous ... even the ones who had less than 5 lines!George - The man who gave up his happiness to help and love Lennie.Lennie - A strong man with the mind of a toddler . He will do anything to make George happy.Curley - He hates Lennie because he is intimidated by men who are bigger than him.Curley 's Wife - She flirts with every man on the ranch to make up for the loneliness Curley gives her.This book was written amazingly ... obviously , it 's a classic ! Even though it was written in the early 20th century , it is easy to comprehend if you are at least 12 .
 Heartbreaking , yes ; but definitely a classic worth reading and re-reading . Steinbeck is one of the great American writers , and his stories are gripping , heartbreaking , redeeming , and moving .
 This classic never gets old . I read it as a child and I still enjoy reading it to this day .
 Steinbeck at his best in this novel , should be required reading in schools . I was surprised it was still in print .
 The movie with Gary Sinese and John Malcovich as much as I enjoy those actors does not come close to the having the same impact of the book . If you read this book in high school read it again . You were an idiot in high school and now as an adult this book takes on a whole new meaning
 I think the book represented true friendship , especially the ending . To shoot your friend is hard , but George comforted Penny and truly felt south for his death .
 I 'm a classics fan . I remember having seen the movie with Lon Chaney as a kid . Having read the book brought the movie to life .
 I read this book in school over 20 years ago , it is still of relevance as much today as when it was written .
 We 're very happy with this purchase . It was exactly was we wanted and was a very good value . Thank you !
 This was needed for a high school program . The book was in great shape , no rips , cover in great shape . Thank you
 I am not the fastest reader , but read this book in about 3 sittings the past two days.While you might not understand every small detail -LRB- Early 20th century English -RRB- , each paragraph tells you what is going on . Steinbeck really paints a picture of every scene , yet not too many details to get boring . The characters are very transferable to today , and makes the simplest characters complex.If you are `` scared '' of classics , do n't be of this one . I enjoyed this novella greatly .
 The story `` Of Mice And Men '' was an awsome book because it was very funny and interesting . One of the funniest parts of the book was when lennie asked for catchup with his beans . I thought the ending was not very good but other than that it was great .
 The book , `` Of Mice And Men , '' is one of the best books I have ever read . It is about two men , Lennie and George . They ran away from thier old ranch , Weed because Lennie is mentally retarded and he grabbed a ladies dress because he likes soft things . He got accused of rape . Later , they found a ranch in Salinas , California . Many events occured at this ranch , Lennie got in a fight with curly . Curly is a little man unlike Lennie and he is jealous of big men . You will have to read the story to find out the best ending . If you like breathtaking , loving , but yet harmful books you should read this book .
 This book tells the story of two hobos that are trying to make a living . I would recomend reading this book because it is a good book . I liked this book .
 Of mice and men is an awesome book . I thought it would be boring , but even with not much action going on I could hardly put it down . For a book that is only 101 pages long it tells a fantastic story . If you ever want to read this book -LRB- which you should -RRB- pick a nice summer day , go somewhere where you feel comfortable , and let the book take you to a ranch near Soledad , Ca .
 Being such an avid reader , even I found it hard to believe that I have never read this book . Based on the high esteem I hold the Grapes of Wrath in , I thought I would enjoy this book . Despite the fact that it is a short tale , it is worth the weight of many larger novels.Of Mice and Men tells of the adventures of George and Lennie . George is the brains of the outfit , that constantly finds himself getting the duo out of the trouble Lennie has created for them . With dreams of obtaining their own land George and Lennie seek work on a new farm . This farm seems to unlock the final door to obtaining their dream property . Unfortunately , the death of a beautiful womam brings a new stain in their realtionship.Steinbeck is a great storyteller . The one thing I did not like about the book is the ending . While the ending was not necessarily a surprise , it left me hanging on for more . While I was not really looking for a happy ending , I did not feel a real sense of closure . Still , this book is an excellent read !
 In short , George and Lennie are migratory ranch hands . George looks out for Lennie because Lennie is too slow and nice to look out for himself . An incredible book with so much packed into 100 pages . This book can stir all kinds of emotions from pity , sadness , empathy , to anger , and frustration . A must have for EVERYONE 's library .
 John Steinbeck has long been among my favorite American authors . I have read `` The Grapes of Wrath '' and `` In Dubious Battle , '' not to mention of course the book above , `` Of Mice and Men . '' This last book , quite a short work , explores a brief period in the lives of two vagrant workers , looking for jobs in California . As the readers soon find , their home , the `` land of the free , '' is not a paradise of simple people seeking even a decent wage to live by . `` Of Mice and Men '' illuminates the fundamentally brutal nature of American society during the despression , and the effects of this society on every day people , rich or poor . All of my friends in high school , even those who rarely read , loved this book . Anyone who reads this book is a different person afterwards , and I urge you to read it yourself .
 In a royal blue , cloth-covered slipcase reminiscent of denim . The book itself is bound 3/4 's denim with a brown leather spine with dark brown details.An over-sized book with many Fletcher Martin illustrations
 This was required school reading . It was probably the shortest book we had to read , but it was also my most favorite . The plot is simple , but the message is profound . It always somewhat depresses me just thinking about it . A must read for young and old alike .
 I think `` Of Mice and Men '' was an good book . It had some good parts in the book along with some bad parts in there . I thought that the book taught a good story of people living a different life . Then also it was a sort of racial and had a lot of cursing in it . I think that older people should read this book and not young kids .
 I had read of mice and men for my English class . I had through it been a good book because how George took care of Lennie . Lennie parents had both pass away . So his aunt had taken care of him and so she had asked George if he could take care of Lennie because is was going as well . George and Lennie had gone out to go and work at a farm so that they could have money because they could get a farm . George is a small dude and quick and dark . George is a smart guy that took care of Lennie . Lennie is a big guys that is slow and always said thing over and over again . George and Lennie was train hopping so they could go to a next town and look for a job . Once they got to the weed and they had ask the bus driver if they could catch a ride when him out to the farm called buck barley . There was a guy there that named Curley and he had always tries to pick a fight with Lennie because he was the biggies dude and Curley was the smallest dude . Lennie wanted a puppy from slim dog-named lulus . So Slim had gave him one of the pups and George had told him to leave it with the mother because it would be sick and die if you do n't leave it with the mother . Lennie tries to bring it in the bunkhouse where everyone sleeps . George had told him to go and put the puppy back because it well get sick . Curley 's wife had came into the bunkhouse and tries to ask the guys if they saw Curley around . When Lennie was in the barn Curley 's wife had showed up in the barn and so Lennie explains his fondness for soft things , and she encourages him to stroke her hair .
 Of Mice and Men was a very good book in my opinion . I liked it because it was about two guys pursuing a dream . George is a very smart person who knows what he wants out of life . Lennie on the other hand is n't very smart and gets into trouble alot . George basically take cares of Lennie and trys to keep him out of trouble . They both start working on a ranch in California and try to earn money so they can have there own place with a few acres . The ending is very good and unexpected that is what makes this novel great .
 I like all Steinbeck 's work and only give this four stars rather than five because I 'm considering it in comparison to his other writings . The characters are , as always , realistic . I 'd say , read anything Steinbeck writes and read this one when you need something quick and easy .
 This story of two unfortunate guys from the heart land of america . This is a peep hole to the thoughts and actions of southern folks . The way steinbeck has the run ins with different people proves that we -LRB- southern people -RRB- may not be too bright but we may be strong as all get out . While others of us -LRB- george -RRB- may be super smart . I enjoyed reading this novel , it let me be proud to be a southern .
 Today , Lennie and GeorgeOf Mice and Men -LRB- Steinbeck Centennial Edition -RRB- would be occupying Wall Street . Two drifters wandering about , looking for work and hoping for more than sheer survival . They perform odd jobs for pitiful wages and get fired whenever Lennie gets into trouble.Lennie is a buffoon . Big , strong , and sweet -- he loves animals and follows George around devotedly . We do not know why George originally began taking care of Lennie , only that he cares for him more than anyone else in the world . George is constantly frustrated by Lennie 's forgetfulness . When Lennie gets in trouble , George must try talking his way out of it.It would be easy to give away too much Of Mice and Men 's plot . A short novel that can be read in a single sitting , Of Mice and Men -LRB- Steinbeck Centennial Edition -RRB- is infinitely simpler thanThe Grapes of WrathorEast of Eden . While read the former in school , the latter two are avoided for length and time . To all those who read it years ago , Mice and Men goes down quite nicely as an adult .
 Book is in very good shape . However , there is a lot of highlighting and comments in book but this may come in handy in the class .
 _ Of mice and men _ by jhon stienbek is a incredible story of tolerance and understanding . _ Of mice and men _ is the story of two field workers in California . Lennie is mentally disabled , and george takes care of him . Lennie accidently kills a woman and George 's only way to deal with Lennie is to shoot him . The book is a little slow in the beginning and I began to think why does this matter but by the end i was gasping and noticing how it all ties in .
 My child read it as a literature assignment and really enjoyed and got a lot from it . This edition was easy to read and a great addition to the educational experience .
 This bookreview is about four stars for me . It was an unexpected story and Steinbeck works well in surprising the human mind . I ive it a four for `` shockingly catching & daring . `` The characters Steinbeck created all had diffrent personalities . When the men shot Cany 's dog , all they cared about was getting sleep . Candy , on the other hand , was very sad . I thought in the olden days , men do n't get sad , I thought they were confident , showed off teir strength and angry . Having Candy in the story turns my point of view on the olden days.The message I think Steinbeck is trying to send out to us is that the world is not what you think it is . There is always the unexpected to keep the mind still in learning . As an author , I think Steinbeck is trying to say that you can write whatever comes to mind because your story can still be heard .
 This is honestly one of the best books I have ever read in my life . There are some sad moments and some kind of sick moments but that is what makes this book so great . There are all kinds of characters that are portraid perfect . The story is proably the best out of everything in the book . Two friends go to find work after they are ran out of another town for harming a woman . Yet there troubles are not yet over .
 I just finished reading Steinbecks of mice and men , and it is possibly one of the greatest books i have ever read , and i 've read A LOT . For a while , you just crusie along , falling in love with the cahracters , then BANG !! . you never know what hits you . It 's brillinat . I 'll say it again . It 's brilliant . Brilliant . brilliant .
 My son needed this for school , and it was perfect . The book arrived in good shape and very quickly , so work could be done on time .
 I remember several years ago when I was in American Literature , one of our assignments was to read the first chapter of this book . I 'm not a reader , however , when I started reading this I could n't stop and I came in the next day with my homework and the next few week 's homework assignments done as well . I love this book mainly due to the fact that it balances out Drama while also telling you a bit of history of the Great Depression while also making it easy to read , unlike &#34; The Great Gatsby &#34; which in my opinion is very difficult for me to read .
 Yes , I loved it . Nobody can depict characters of people the way Steinbeck can . He also has the power to take you to where the story is set and makes you one of his characters . You feel with them ... you live with them , you hate and love people around you ...
 Never read a Steinbeck novel I did n't like althouth this is not my favorite title . Purchased for school & worked great . I really prefer my Kindle so I can adjust the font size for my tired middle-aged eyes ! Awsome to be able to download the book from the classroom !
 John Steinbeck wrote a great book ! John Steinbeck wrote , Of Mice and Men.There were these two hard working farmers at a ranch in California . George was a medium built guy that was trying to make a living by barely making any money . George also had to support his friend , Lennie . Lennie was a very tall man , and bucked barley all by himself . Lennie had a mental disorder , and was always getting bullied around . George and Lennie 's dream was to own an acre of land , and make a better living . George and Lennie used to work at a ranch in Weed before Lennie started to cause some problems . Which they later had to move to a farm land in Soledad , California . All the workers in Soledad were n't married . Candy the old man , has only one arm and has been working there for a while . Candy does n't paid much . Candy helps George and Lennie out by giving them his entire life savings , and he would also join them in the land . Crooks the black stable hand , he had different cabin to himself since the color of his skin . Crooks told Lennie that he wo n't own any land because a lot of people have those big dreams , and their dreams would fail . Slim is the mule driver , and everyone would go to him for any advice . He was known as the `` peacemaker . '' Curley was the boss 's son ; he always wanted to start a fight with Lennie because he likes fighting tall men . One of Curely 's hands is full of vaseline with a glove on it to keep his hand soft . He is married to a young girl . He does n't even give any attention to her . Curley 's wife flirts with all the workers on the ranch , and the workers try to ignore her , so Curley does n't get jealous . George told Lennie to always stay away from her , but one day Lennie does the wrong thing making George and Lennie 's dream to owning a land a very slim chance . I think Steinbeck should have developed his characters with more details . The plot line had a lot of suspense . Each time the chains were clinging there was something good going to happen , or something bad going to happen . The book has a lot of suspense making the reader want to read more . I enjoyed reading this book because from the beginning the story had a lot of suspense . There was n't one part in the book where I thought that this was boring . The book always had me on the edge of my seat ! I like reading suspense and mystery books . I was n't expecting the book the to end like the way it did . I recommend this book to anyone that enjoys reading suspense or mystery books . The book has a lot of racial slurs and profanity . I give this a book a 5/5 !
 this book is the best book that i have ever read in my life , and its very easy to read and understand . you will enjoy reading but the ending is kind of sad thou
 This book was teriffic . Once you finished you wish that it never ended . I highly recomend reading this book.Worth the money .
 Read this book many years ago in high school , but had forgotten all but the basic plot . I guess reading it for pleasure -LRB- vs assignment -RRB- gave me the opportunity to really think about the quality of writing as I read . Great quick read with a thought provoking conclusion .
 Excellent book . I applaud the teachers and school district administrators who choose good books as required reading for their students .
 Very poignant ... I read this book because my sons ' 9th grade English class is reading it & I had never read it before . The movie starring Gary Sinese was on the weekend before I read the book as well & I really enjoyed the movie .
 Here is another classic that slipped by me during my school years . What a powerful novel . It 's hard to find this sort of caliber fiction in the popular market today . In a time of early rugged individualism , in the years of the Depression , here come Lenny and George . They are an oddity to the field workers they join to garner a living . It is all too transparent that the clumsy , oversized , highly-challenged Lenny needs his pal , George . He is lost without him , a walking tragedy that needs constant monitoring . What is less clear is why George continues his relationship with Lenny . Often George ponders what life might be without him . Might it be that rugged individuals experience a loneliness that is too painful?Steinback 's novel reads like a stageplay . One can not differentiate the description of props from the description of experienced reality . Outside the text of the powerful drama , Steinbeck ends a chapter by context , noting a truck 's passing on a distant road , or the noises of animals outside . The result is fascinating , enlarging the drama , and including the reader therein . Some years ago I read `` Cannery Row '' , but I only vaguely remember it . This work will stay with me.The characters are real , walking into the barn , and the play right off the fields as Steinbeck studied them ; Slim ; Candy ; Crooks
 ` Of Mice and Men ' was written in 1937 by John Steinbeck . To me , one of his finest works.The setting is in the Gabilan mountain area of western California and although no specific dates are mentioned , probably around the time of the great depression . The two main protagonists are George and Lennie , two drifters that travel the area looking for seasonal work at harvest time . George is a small cunning man while Lennie is giant of a man , but with the mind of a child . Their wandering lifestyle is fueled by their dreaming about better days ahead and having their own place ... as Lennie puts it , `` Can you imagine such a place , living off the fat of the lan ' ? '' . However their future is about to drastically change in ways they can never suspect -LRB- or understand -RRB- and the dream is about to be shattered forever.Subjectively , I loved it all ; the finest of writing , that not only features exquisite descriptive passages of barns , horses and of lazy , late summertime afternoons , but also the unique characters that go into making this depression era tale . And although the book is really just a longer , short story -LRB- just over 100 pages in length -RRB- it is the ever-so subtle increasing tension coupled with the real personalities , that makes this wonderful novel so hard to put down.If any complaint , it would be that the tale is so short ; it 's all over almost as soon as it 's begun . However , it 's quality over quantity . Easily , 5 Stars.Ray Nicholson
 This book has a crazy twist to it and the whole way it covers ideas on racism , jealousy , competitiveness , and every man 's dream of just ` living on the fatta the land ' .
 This was my first book by Steinbeck and it surely wo n't be my last ! Classic literature written so well that I was in the story seeing , feeling and living it along side the characters !
 Lennie and George , migrant workers who move from farm to farm looking for work , are good friends despite their differences . In a cruel world , where loneliness and desperation rule , the two friends are joined by a special bond of a common dream . The dream of owning their own land was n't a matter of a property , rather it was about a peaceful world where friends are totally devoted to each other 's protection . In a sense ; it is the family that Lennie and George never enjoyed.John Steinbeck explores deep subjects of existence and man 's helplessness with a symbolic genius , reminiscent of Kafka 's . Steinbeck used a simple story to depict weakness , loneliness , aging , desperation and existence . The dream was so profound and real that the world is incapable of understanding the emptiness that follows , when a dream is crushed.Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' is a fascinating emotional roller coaster that leaves the reader dizzy and flabbergasted . Most characters see their own dreams die in front of their eyes ; the readers will be left with some critical moral questions unanswered.Since I read that book , I 'm still pondering and re-examining George and Lennie 's dream that existed to help them live in a harsh world , more so , than to achieve the dream itself . Dreams are what keep us going , so when they are aborted , regardless if we chose to or if we are forced , life will never be enjoyable again .
 Again a very classic work by John Steinbeck . This is a must read for everyone . The story is real and draws you in . It is n't a book that you will read and forget.I have enjoyed all the Steinbeck books that I have read , -LRB- Grapes of Wrath , East of Eden , The Pearl -RRB- . John Steinbeck 's works are a must have for all bookshelves.I highly recommend this and all of Steinbeck 's works . Enjoy !
 Of Mice and Men opens with a perfectly 19th-century-like description of a creek . We almost expect a respectable bourgeois couple to emerge from the trees discussing a ball or an engagement . Instead we get Lennie and George : `` So you forgot that awready , did you ? I got ta tell you again , do I ? Jesus Christ , you 're a crazy bastard ! '' `` I forgot , '' Lennie said softly . `` I tried not to forget . Honest to God I did , George . '' `` O.K. - O.K. I 'll tell ya again . I ai n't got nothing to do . Might jus ' as well spen ' all my time tellin ' you things and then you forget 'em , and I tell you again . '' `` Tried and tried , '' said Lennie , `` but it did n't do no good . I remember about the rabbits , George . `` It 's hard to appreciate , I think , just how steeped we are in these archetypes now . They are instantly recognizable to the contemporary reader . George and Lennie are popular culture.Of Mice and Men is a long way from Dickens ' fixation with the workaday dilemmas of the faintly well-to-do , which is in itself a far cry from the country gentry of Austen and Bronte . Some of Hardy 's better novels dwell on the workers , but never quite believably . Though his father was a stonemason , his fingers are n't dirty enough . And it has always seemed to me that Faulkner 's portraits of working folk bear the imprint of a soft-handed gentleman , the brilliant observer with fingernails stained by ink , not dirt . Doubtless I am missing others.So along rolls the Great Depression . Steinbeck is right there to chronicle it . -LRB- Avoid the dreary In Dubious Battle , which reads like a museum-piece . -RRB- Steinbeck 's fingers might not have been callused - evidently he , too , was more observer than doer - but he wrote as if they were . Lennie and George have come to stand in for a whole generation , while the depiction of the black stable buck Crooks is especially poignant today , mere hours after America 's first black president has delivered his first State of the Union address.Steinbeck is no master stylist . He uses too many apostrophes in the hunt for accuracy of dialect and his descriptions are sometimes flat and leaden . But if you read with your spine as Nabokov suggested , Of Mice and Men is an unbridled pleasure . It recalls the joys of childhood reading , the kind that highfalutin literature and pedantic high school English teachers often kill . Of Mice and Men is finely-rendered tragedy coated in a working man 's dust and sweat.George said , `` Guys like us got no fambly . They make a little stake an ' then they blow it in . They ai n't got nobody in the worl ' that gives a hoot in hell about 'em - '' `` But not us , '' Lennie cried happily . `` Tell about us now . `` George was quiet for a moment . `` But not us , '' he said . `` Because - '' `` Because I got you an ' -- '' `` An ' I got you . We got each other , that 's what , that gives a hoot in hell about us . '' Lennie cried in triumph .
 Of Mice and Men is a true classic , and I recommend it for all the English teachers out there . John Steinbeck is a legendary author , writing in vivid detail about life in the old times and the hardships and true values of living . This book can act both as a history lesson and an English lesson.I before have read it , and as a 7th grader my English teacher assigned this version of `` Of Mice and Men '' to us . Out of pure experience my English teacher told us that for teens this is one of the most favored books out of the many we have , are , and will read this year.This story , set in the Great Depression , to me is a must read for everyone out there , and everyone can learn from it 's rich literature . The book is copious with all types of `` literary devices '' , including many similes , metaphors , hyperbole , and personification ! Steinbeck also includes and adds clever foreshadowing leading to the climax.As you probably know there are also some out there who hate it and complain of its shortness and sadness . Not everyone will love a book , but you can still improve both reading and your writing techniques from it.As my recommendation , if you are a extensive reader who enjoys classics over and over again , you should definetely buy this . This Penguin Books version is neat , easy to read , and is eye-catching to young teens.If you are one of those who buys a book , reads it once , and then just abandons it on a lonely bookshelf in a corner , then it would be more affordable and better to check it out form your nearby library . If you then deeply enjoy it like countless readers have , then you might want to consider purchasing it.All in all , if you love classics , like to read , or just want something new to try , I am pretty confident that you will enjoy this book .
 I used to have a considerable classroom library -LRB- I have since switched schools and there is no Silent Sustained Reading program at the new school -RRB- and I always would hand this book to any kid that said he or she hated reading and `` there 's nothing good to read . '' I had a hard time keeping this book on the shelves and since I had an `` honor system '' check out plan this book kept on disappearing on me since the students seemed to have felt it was worth keeping and I had to make runs to the local used book store to re-stock it.But , I had n't read it in a while so I decided to see if it was still one of my favorites.If anything , this book is more powerful than it was before . The loss at the end is more powerful , both the loss with Lennie and with the loss of a dream . Themes abound , such as the loss of the American Dream , loneliness , friendship and the responsibilities of friendship . Perhaps , even some religious themes with all of the events starting on a Friday and ending on a Sunday.But , all of that would be pointless if the story were not well-written and poignant . It 's short length only serves to heighten the power of the story.One of the best American novels . Period .
 As a junior at Saint Mary 's School in North Carolina , my class was assigned to read Of Mice and Men , by John Steinbeck . This novel was very touching , as you become attached to the childish Lennie , and the patient George . George , who takes care of Lennie , must always keep an eye on his companion for he is not certain what kind of trouble Lennie may get himself into next . The two of them travel from ranch to ranch looking for laboring jobs on the farms , in hopes that one day they will have a place of their own . That is all part of their plan . George and Lennie imagine having a ranch of their own with land and rabbitts that Lennie can tend to . While at their latest job , Lennie is tested with many temptations that may lead him away from what George has taught him . Opposite in every way , George and Lennie are companions who thrive on each other and work for each other 's dream . No matter what they get into , they do it together and always have a picture of their own ranch in mind . This was an excellent novel with a surprising ending . This book appeals to numerous audiences and is an American classic . I enjoyed every minute of it and found myself reading faster and faster each time to get to the next part .
 My name is Scarlett Slaughter and I am a student at Saint Mary 's School . After reading Of Mice and Men , I was overwhelmed at it 's greatness . Steinbeck knew what he wanted his point to be , and did n't let the reader wonder or have to guess . I think that this tale of true love for a friend and the willingness to do anything to save them should be read by everyone . I recommend this novel to anyone ages 12 to 100 . It made me feel good to know that there are true friends out there , and gives me hope that we will all be so lucky as to find one . Although it was required reading , it has been the only novel I 've read in school that I did n't mind reading . I 'm glad our teacher made us read it !
 After reading John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men , assigned by my eleventh grade English teacher , I got that feeling that I had just read a really ` good book . ' When I entered into George and Lennie 's world I was not only moved , but actually grew a bit attached to Lennie 's childlike ways . Every chapter grabed my attention and I could not put the book down . Of Mice and Men targets readers of all ages . It is a fairly short novel , and full of adventures , keeping the attention of even the youngest audiences . Of Mice and Men ranks high on the list of American Literature that my class has been assigned to read this year . Even though Of Mice and Men was an assignment , I would love to read it on my spare time as well .
 `` The best laid plans of mice and men often go astray . '' This quote , by Robert Burns , summarizes the short story , Of Mice and Men . This realistic story , by John Steinbeck , brings vivid images to the reader 's mind . The author 's technique creates a world in which the reader actually feels as if he is in the story . The reader feels what the characters feel and see what they see . Of Mice and Men is an easy and fun read ! Recommended for any age .
 I was fascinated by the name of this book before I started reading it . The story is simple but meaningful . I feel sympathetic and sorry for Lennie , the impeccable `` giant '' . The ending of the book is unexpected but sure . I say `` unexpected '' because George killed his companion who fully trusted and counted on him . The reason I say '' sure '' is that Lennie would not be accepted by the society . This is a bit cruel to Lennie , but the world is like this . The setting of the ending is the same as the beginning . I feel serene when I read the ending.Besides the fascinating story , I was also attracted by the language of the book during my reading . This book is a combination of nature and humanity.The book is thin , but what I have learnt from the book is much more than what the book seems like .
 I had to read this book for school , so at first I did n't appreciate it . Now , after I finished it , I think it is a great book . I recommend this book to others .
 '' ~ Of Mice And Men is story of two young men -LRB- Georgr and Lennie -RRB- who travel from ranch to ranch . It was unsual the ranch life , that two men would stick together for so long . The ranch life was a everymanforhimself life , but Lennie and George went through it together . Besides the affection that they had for each other , what held them together was common dream . They dream to buying a little ranch to grow their own crops and animals . '' ~ disorder , while George was a small but meticulous man , who looked after Lennie all the time . I meant almost all the time , until the day that he went to the town -LRB- to drink -RRB- and left Lennie along in the ranch , and Lennie did something that shattered their dreams -LRB- forever -RRB- .
 This book , is a personal favorite . I started to read it and could not put it down for the life of me . Mr. Steinbeck did an amazing job and has written a spectacular novella . If there were one book I could recomend to anybody , this is it . The tale of Lennie and George is one with laughter , tears -LRB- the book brought me to them -RRB- , and truth about the cold heartedness that exists in the human factor .
 I read this book in my book club and at school we discussed it . I 'm in the 8th grade and read it . My student teacher brought in some comments from this site and stated were some that said that it was a mature book , only older kids should read it because we do n't understand it -LRB- kids -RRB- . Well , I understood it clearly , about the friendship and different genres of the book . And I think this book was very good because it had a grasp of different assortment of genres and it really shows from the plot of the story .
 Quite possibly John Steinbeck 's best story , it follows the trail of two drifters in search for a job and living their life long dream . All is lost , however , when Lennie `` does something very bad . '' Although there is a lot of profanity , you must realize that this book was created in a time of the great depression . A fabulous book ! I Recommend it to every reader !
 VERY WELL WRITTEN
 I thought that Of Mice and Men was a pretty good book . It told a story of a relationship between two friends . How they traveled around together and how they tried to find and keep a job . If you do n't like cussing in a book then this is not the one to read . Otherwise it was really good .
 I thought that Of Mice and Men was a pretty good book . It told a story of a relationship between two friends . If you do n't like cussing in a book then this is not the one to read . Otherwise it was really good .
 i was glued to the book the first day i read the first oage . it was different than others but exciting . the characters were very well written . you never know whats going to happen next , thats why i loved it . read this book its great@!
 This bool was really good . I read it for an English class and it was one of the books i enjoyed . This book keeps you wondering what will happend after each chapter and it teachs you how people accept the one another . A true book of tragady , friendship , and dreams .
 I thought this book was very good because it told of two friends who had such a good relationship that one was able to do a very hard thing to protect the other . I think this is a very emotional story and everyone should read it .
 The book had it all . It made you laugh , cry and feel for the two main characters .
 We read this book in 7th grade at my school . My name is David Seaman . It was pretty good . Also , visit instantsites.com
 Very sad and emotional . Anyone who understands what it is like to be different will be moved by the characters in John Steinbecks masterpiece . Steinbeck made me feel like I was there and witnessing the action . I never saw myself as George , I was always Lennie . It made me understand being mean to others never helps the situation .
 this book is very good , I could n't put it down . the whole book was perfect , it was old fasion .
 The book was very moving . A monumental achievemant by Mr. Steinbeck . Very unexpected ending . Sad .
 i thought this book was greeat because it touched me . i am 14 years old and if i had to read it a gian i waould . i hate to read beut i would love to read this book over and over again .
 I have n't read the book , but i 've seen the film at school , and I found it very sweet . The worst thing about it was that we had to write a 4-page essay in English about it afterwards . I think the film was very interesting , and I feel sorry for Lenny .
 I , like most , had to read this book for high school , and I must say , `` Thank you Mrs. Wiggin ! '' I love this book . It is so wonderful and touching . I 'm glad kids have to read it for school , because everyone should read this book .
 I thought that this book was alright . The only reason I had to read this book was last year the English teacher told me to read it , that it was a really good book and he also said that I might like it and I sort of liked it . I read the book and found out right about at the end that it started to get interested .
 This book is definatly one of my favorites . I read this book in one sitting , although its short the book tells a lot . Steinbeck is so good at describing a setting that the book draws you in from the begining .
 Of Mice and Men was one of the best books i have ever read . It is definetly one of more readable classics . It is a great book about friendship , responsibilty , and love .
 This sad book , asks questions about life and reveals very familiar but dark motives of human nature.Steinbeck leaves you to answer and see them .
 i am in 9th grade . i had to read this book for my honors english class . i found the characters to be amazingly deep and interesting . who can not like lennie and his child-like antics . i would recommend this book to anybody .
 Of mice and men it 's about two friends who work in a ranch in Salinas Valley . George and his simple-minded friend Lennie share a dream . It 's to have a place where they can have animals like , rabits . In the ranch they pass through some problems . Lennie , the simple-minded , break the hand of the boss 's son , Curley . It 's a very discripted book , this make it boring some times . But it have a lot of action , there are fights , murders , etc. . It 's an intresting thriller book . You wo n't set down untill it 's finished .
 Mr. Steibeck has managed to write an exelent novel , `` Of mice and men '' . The novel has a very interesting layout , and it deals with some aspects that are familiar to us in every moment of our lives ; lonelyness , authority , dreams , and friendship are the main ones . The book has also a very good and interesting relationship between the main characters , George and Lennie.I think that their relationship is the main plot of the story , but the shocking part is George 's last action . I would recomend this book to a teenager because it teaches us how to afront our problems .
 The book ` Of Mice & Men ` is what people should read to understarnd the situation that the habitants of this small world is suffering
 The book ` Of Mice & Men ` is what people should read to understarnd the situation that the habitants of this small world is suffering
 The book ` Of Mice & Men ` is what people should read to understarnd the situation that the habitants of this small world is suffering
 In the story `` Of Mice and Men '' , John Steinbeck illustrates a wonderful tale of two best friends , Lennie and George , going on a life changing adventure . While telling a heartwarming story , John Steinbeck paints beautiful pictures with his writing . One example is '' ... the Salinas River drops in close to the hillside bak and runs deep and green . The water is warm too , for it has slipped twinkling over the yellow sands in the sunlight before reaching the narrow pool . '' -LRB- Page 1 -RRB- Lennie , though mentally retarded , is a loveable character who everyone will enjoy reading about . George is a strict , yet caring person towards others , and is the `` caretaker '' of Lennie.I had no complaints towards the book , except it repeats the same things a fair aount of times . Like when Lennie always asks George it he can tend to the rrabbits . Over , and over again.I suggest reading this book because it is an interesting and well written story , with the jaw-droping ending being a perfect finish for such a superior tale .
 This story is about two rural farm workers , Lennie and George . They try and acheive their dream of owning their own house on an acre of land . They are close to reaching their goal with the help of Candy , and old swamper on the farm , but Lennie `` done another bad thing '' . I liked this book . It showed the theme of friendship throughout the whole book . It is very realistic . I would recommend this book for young adults.Ms . Redmon-Period 6
 In John Steinbeck 1937 novel there are two men one named Lennie who is a tall , big , squared man who faces mental problems and his friend , George , who has known Lennie for as long as he can remember . George is a skinny man that sometimes gets annoyed by Lennie 's mental problems . Lennie and George live and work on a simple and plain ranch and have many dreams and stories behind ranch they work at . The ending of this book is very shocking . I suggest that kids of the age 13 and below should not read this book . If you want a steady pace and shocking ending book , then you got to read `` Of Mice and Men '' .
 Of Mice and Men is a book that is timeless and will be read by many time and time again . Its overall theme is a familiar one based on friendship and compassion that every reader can relate to . I think that this book will forever remain a classic . I recommend this book to be read by all people of all ages . Even if you have already read it once , a second or third time through this heart felt story will continue to touch your heart ways that only a great book can .
 This John Steinbeck 1937 classic is an amazingly well written short story . The story is about two men one names Lennie who is a tall , big , squared man who battles mental problems . His friend who has known him for as long as he can remember , George , is a skinny man who is sometimes bothered by Lennie 's mental problems . Lennie and George live and work on a ranch and have many dreams and stories behind just the simple ranch they work at . The ending of this book could not be more surprising and moving . Throughout the book , the characters , plot , and ending keep you reading and you just want more and more . If you want a short read that can stick with you for the rest of your life , this is the book for you .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' in my opinion was a great book , it had all the things that cought my interest . But as the story went on and bad things kept happening and happening it just made me dislike the book that mutch more . Like the fact that lennie kept doing things accadentally doing things wrong and getting in trouble for them even with his condition just made me think the book was n't my style . I probably disliked this book also because the fact that it was a school assignment and for me when it is a school required book it never seems that good . By the time i got to the end of the book i was kind of fed up with the book but i still thought it was generally good , but when i finished the book i was angry becouse all i could think about was , `` how could they do that to such a great character ! '' the way the book ended makes the book seem bad to me but if you were to ask me when i was half way through the book i would say its a great book . Over all the book is very good but has some bad twists , i would recomend it .
 Of Mice and Men was written by John Steinbeck . It took place in the early 20th century . This story starts off with two characters near a stream . There names are Lennie and George . Lennie is slightly retarded and George is his long time care taker slash best friend . These two friends have a dream of owning there own farm one day . But first they had to make money , so they left on a small journey to find a job . They had a couple of jobs but Lennie could n't control himself during the jobs so they got fired . They finally found a job at a farm . Lennie got into a fight . But they got to keep their jobs . Lennie messed up again , and accidentally killed Curley 's Wife . Lennie ran back to the stream . The other farmers gathered and went to kill Lennie . George got a gun and killed Lennie before the farmers did . But Lennie was happy when he died because he was thinking of their dream farm.For the most part of this book I like it . It was a good story . I liked the conflicts . I felt bad for Lennie , because he 's really a genital giant and it 's not his fault that he freaks out when people scream . He also could n't control himself and I felt bad for him because of that . Some thing I did n't like about this book was it said Jesus Christ a lot and that offends me . But other than that the book was easy to read and it was short ... that 's the way I like it . I liked the tone that the book was written in , old country slang . I like how the author wrote . I do recommend this book if you ever want to read a short and easy book . And overall it was a good book .
 Of mice and men is a classic that will remain in our hearts forever . This is a tale about two friends , Lennie , who is big and strong but suffers from a mental deficiency , and George , the guy who always gets Lennie out of trouble . George wishes he did n't have to deal with Lennie 's persistent knack of getting them fired from their work , but on the other side he and Lennie had always been together since Lennie 's aunt died . This is a nice short read for people looking for good writing . Steinbeck puts great detail into character development and attitude . The characters in this book I find all have their own unique qualities , even the minor characters . George and Lennie are a perfect example of a ragtag duo seeking work . I hope this book will impress you as much as it did me .
 John Steinbeck tells this timeless story , entitled Of Mice and Men , of two fiends who are going from one farming job to another . One of the main characters , Lennie , is mentally retarded and is taken car of by George , the other main character . The two ca n't keep a job , because of Lennie 's illness . He does n't know how strong he is , and he 's very strong , so when he gets mad he inflicts pain upon others , without meaning to . In the climax of the book , Lennie does something that is unchangeable , unwonted , and unforgivable . Steinbeck leaves you off with a jaw-dropping , tear jerking ending.The descriptive writing , the shocking ending , and the wonderful characters have you on the edge of your seat until the end .
 Of Mice and Men is a delight to read . With every page you can feel the compassion of friendship between Lennie and George , two California laborers in the 1930 's . The two friends set out to make their dream of owning their own land a reality . Child-like Lennie and quick-thinking George complement each other perfectly . Of Mice and Men shows the depth and love between the odd couple in just over 100 pages . My one warning to you before you read this book , it has a very sad ending .
 I have read a few other Steinbeck novels over the years . Except for the Grapes of Wrath , I have found them too long for the point they are trying to make . Of Mice and Men is much more concise and yet provides a real punch . The punch is not so much in the ending as in the character development . In such a short piece , we have the priviledge of seeing the power of a true friendship that is based on caring and respect . The setting is vivid and intense - much like the country where it takes place . This is an excellent , quick read and I highly recommend it .
 George and Lennie , poor wretches traveling the country in search of work , dream of owning their own piece of land , their own piece of liberty . Never having to depend on someone else , never having to listen to what their bosses tell them to do , seems to be their ultimate goal . It all seems unachievable when they start to beg for work on yet another ranch in California . But then suddenly it all seems like a miracle is about to happen . In the face of their final redemption , they can not help but start to plan their new life . But if they do not watch out , they might get in trouble again . Serious trouble.Like his other works John Steinbeck gives in Of Mice and Men voice to the lonely and deprived people struggling to survive in the American society at the time of the Great Depression . Although the setting of the story is quite sober and the characters do not have a lot of room to develop within the few pages this novella counts , the message is all the more convincing . The strong friendship between two men , linked together by fate , is heart-warming and honest , which contrasts even more with the violence of their surroundings . The controversial conclusion of the book reads almost as an invitation to reflect upon the true values of life.Is this book a historical illustration of the past -LRB- Great Depression -RRB- or a prophetical vision of the future ? Many different opinions can be voiced , but is n't the American Dream still floating through our lives ? Maybe our modern world is full of people like George and Lennie?The kind of critique voiced by Steinbeck is not always well received in the land of the Brave and the Free . It is quite sad that even today this book is banned from some schools and public libraries in America .
 Much of John Steinbeck 's fiction is set in the region where he was born and grew up , Salinas . Published in 1937 , `` Of Mice and Men '' was the previous work before his Pulitzer Winner `` The Grapes of Wrath '' . Set in Salinas , the novella is set against the backdrop of Depression-era America . The main characters , Lennie and George , are workers victimized by social and economical conditions of the period.Steinbeck 's works always received mixed reviews . He was hailed and the best writer of the 30s and 40s and received a Nobel Prize in 1962 , but his critics say that his writings were superficial , sentimental , and overly moralistic . When it comes to `` Of Mice and Men '' , many say that the narrative suffers from one-dimensional characters besides the extremely deterministic plot - that in the end its lesson turns out to be more important than the characters . Despite all these drawbacks , `` Of Mice and Men '' is still a minor masterpiece from one of the best North-American writers.The predatory human nature is what feeds the pages of this book . Existentialism is the subtext when the all the characters struggle to survive in a inhospitable environment . Almost every characters admit at one point having had a profound sense of isolation and loneliness . By stating this , the writer proves that being powerful in eventual and dependable . Some characters are stronger than others most of the time , and the strength depends on to whom it is aimed . `` Of mice and men '' suggests that the most powerful kind of strength comes from the other 's weakness.Another strong point raised by Steinbeck is the impossibility of the American Dream . Every character in the book dreams of a different life . They want the freedom to follow their own desires . The two main characters dream of owning a farm , that would enable them to sustain themselves and would protect them from the inhospitable world.To prove his point , the writer uses many symbols , most of them related to animals , like the mice that Lennie insists to keep . But the animals are always weaker than men . The puppies , for instance , represents the idea that only the stronger survives - in this case men.But in the end , dreams have fallen apart . The characters are different and are supposed to have realized that dreams only exist in another sphere . In the real world there is no place for them . This is the same thematic that Steinbeck would bring in many of his novels , like `` The Grapes of Wrath '' and `` East of Eden '' . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a short book and a relatively easy reading , but very rewarding .
 This book is the best book to read if you want to know the responsiblities a friend has . The end is sad , but it 's not that terrible once you realize George did it out of friendship .
 George and Lennie are on the run . Their running from a town called Weed where Lennie did some bad things . On their way to the next town for their next job they stop and lay on the bank of a creek for the day . Like most of the time George tells Lennie how their not like other men they have each other and their gon na get a farm and Lennie will get to tend rabbits . Lennie has something in his pocket its a dead mouse George scolds him and throws the mouse away . `` I was just pettin ' it George , promise . '' The next moring they arrive at Curleys farm to work . Curley decideds that he dosnt like Lennie because he 's very dumb -LRB- seems retarded -RRB- , but he 's strong . Later they find out that Culeys wife is nothing but trouble . George tells Lennie to stay away from her . Later Lennie gets a pup from Slim he is constantley in the barm with it . One day while the other boys are in town Lennie goes into the Stable Bucks room . They end up being friends and he tells the Stable Buck -LRB- Crooks -RRB- how he will get to tend the rabbits with his pup . One day Curley decided to fight Lennie and Lennie ended up crushing his hand to peices . While Lennies in the barn Curleys wife comes in and asks about Curleys hand . She notices that Lennies pup is dead . Lennie told her about how he loves soft things and that he gets mice and he pets them but he pets them too hard and he squishes them and that 's just what he did to his pup . Curleys wife says well then you can pet my hair . Lennie stroked it real soft but could n't control himself and stroked harder and harder . Finally she told him to stop he did n't , she screamed , he grabbed her hair and did n't let go , he could n't , he did n't know how . He made a sudden movement and crack ! She was silent .
 This is a wonderful story , superbly written , which centers around two men during the depression . One of them is `` slow '' and very lovable . It is a short book and a quick read.Bottom line
 Book ReviewIn the book , Of Mice and Men , two men are estranged from society . They are two nomads roaming throughout the state of California for a farm to live off of . The two men 's names are George and Lenny . George is a small , keen , bossy type of guy . George tries to be very independent but one day his Aunt asks him to take care of her nephew , Lenny . Lenny is a contrasting character compared to George . Lenny is an outcast to society because he is depicted as to be incapable and inferior to American citizens . Lenny is a tall , robust , mentally challenged human who deep down is very caring and sensitive toward his feelings about George . Although these two men are lower on the social class structure , they have one thing that many people take for granted , hope . Without hope these two men would be the stereotypical poor man trying to live their lives day by day . They find a job on a farm , whose the owner 's name is Curly . While George and Lenny work there , Lenny encounters Curly 's wife who he was a life changing experience with . After Lenny has the experience , George 's life will change forever.I highly recommend this book for all types of readers . This book has loyalty , trust , and most of all friendship . This book is very descriptive and paints visualization in your mind of how the characters are thinking and what the scenery is like . This book keeps you on the edge of your seat just waiting to know what will happen next because it is so intriguing . The book is all around phenomenal and is a classic for middle school - high school kids to read . The author of this book shows the hardship and the mindset of each and every character during the Depression . The only comment I 'd like to say about this book is that it needs to be a bit longer . The book is very short which makes the plot go by a lot faster than it should . The ending is the best part of the book . The only way to find out the ending of the book is to read it , but it is a classic . It will leave you stunned and surprised of how the characters lives play out .
 This book is really great . I really enjoyed reading it . It really showed true friendship between the main characters George and Lennie . Even thought they were different in many aspects . George being the `` normal '' one ... as for Lennie being mentally handicapped . Lennie even thought being mentally handicaped obeyed George and had great respect for him . And even thought as George had short temper he still managed to control himself and see that Lennie really needs him . As for the case of when Lennie killed the girl , George helped him run away and end his suffering by shooting him behind the head . But George new Lennie was a great guy , not to be a killer . As he , George , said to Lennie on his last moments `` think about the rabbits '' ... so we now know Lennie died in peace , thinking about his farm full of rabbits.I really recommend this book to anyone who wishes to read about a great friendship . Even though these guys were poor and low classed and had nothing to live for , they still had hope . They still had dreams of one day having/owning a farm of their own . This book is really touching and its great to read . So if your thinking about reading a good book in the future ... you should read Of Mice and Men .
 George 's mentally challenged companion liked to pet soft things . Lennie 's failure to understand social mores drove the couple away from good jobs . Their dream was to get a stake to have a place of their own and for Lennie to have rabbits to tend.They meet Curley , Curley 's wife , the old man , and the boss at the new place . George explains to one of the hands , Slim , that he used to be mean to Lennie but he ca n't do that anymore . Lennie is a good worker . The trouble starts when Curley 's wife screams and Lennie becomes afraid . With her death dreams of betterment evaporate.There are touches of magical realism . Steinback was a worthy successor of Jack London in terms of philosophical bent .
 This is a stimulating story between close friend who accompanied each other at all times . It was an inspiring and affective book , one of the most impressive stories I have ever read . This is a spectacular book based on the best of friends who went through thrilling and sad striking events together . The theme of this book is based on loneliness , which i really ca n't relate to but have experienced it before . Everyone experiences loneliness once in a while . The characters played impressive parts and they were all acquainted with the theme . the characters that interested me the most were Lenny and Curley 's wife . Lenny was a mentally ill-ed strong man who was dependent of George . Curley 's wife was a lonely woman because she never had her husband around and she always stood home alone . She was trying to make friends with the only person she new would talk to her , Lenny . She was n't aware of Lenny 's strength and was murdered because of his fetish towards soft things.From the reactions i received myself towards this book I give it five stars . This book showed me that everyone feels lonely once in a while but their are others who can experience loneliness in the worst ways of life .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is a short , but entertaining novel . The book takes place in the 1930 's with the 2 main characters John and Lennie traveling to a ranch to work , save up money and live their dream . Lennie is a big guy that is a little slow in the mind , and has an obsession with petting soft things . George is a small guy that has known Lennie for a long time and gives him commands for Lennie does n't know what to do by himself . Much like a Father-son relationship.I usually do n't like fiction tales that take place in the past , but I enjoyed this one . The only problem is that the book starts out slow . It gives you clues that keeps you guessing and wondering.For all you readers that consider yourself a slow reader , this is a great book for you . It 's exciting and short . Only 107 pages . The price on the book is 8 bucks . I think it 's worth it .
 Stienbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' was a prime novel , filled with important issues and underlying motives . There were many forshadowing events that led up to the -LRB- to me -RRB- unexpected ending.The two charactors , George and Lennie , are developed into astounding realisim . From the descisons and the thought patterns to thier problems and people skills the two men bloom into fenominal people.I enjoyed this novel because it constantly had me reading inbetween the lines . It also captured my attention with its realisem .
 Steinbeck reacreated the 1930 's migrant worker and the area around them very well . He gives detail to what the men wear and how the cloths are formed . He give you a kind of feel to what it felt like back then . Like when Lennie and George first enter the ranch he tell you what it smells like and when theres a hot day he tells you how humid it is and.Steinbeck makes the characters very well . He creates the classic duo of the short smart guy and the big dumb one . He gives the characters meaning , every character has at least one thing that makes them uniqueby cedar
 Throughout the centuries , we 've been given books that have been branded as `` classics '' . From The Oddessy to Moby Dick . Yet do all of us think of Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck ? I know that when I say that this is your classic `` Odd Couple '' , you 'll automatically think of humor and comedy . This book however , is the opposite . It 's very dramatic and can be a slight tear jerker at times . But by reading this book , you may think it is all too familiar with a flirtatious woman , a terrible boss , a guide , and the newcomers . Yet , it still uses the characters to an advantage . By making the terrible boss meet his match , and though she did get on my nerves the flirtatious woman really made , and added a lot to the story . ~ Norma
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is definitely now one of my favorite literature novels that I have read in English class . This book was one that I could actually picture in my head and imagine what was really happening in the story . I found myself not wanting to put it down until I finished reading it completely . George and Lenny , otherwise known as John Malkovich and Gary Sinise , were great characters and each perfect for the part that they contributed in the story . These two characters had a remarkable relationship and the way Steinbeck portrayed it told me a lot . They shared good times , bad times , and sad times together , but no matter what , there was still a connection between them . Though I was required to read it I am now very thankful that I did . It was a great novel and I would honestly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good piece of literature .
 Of mice and men is written by John Steinbeck.The story takes place in California USA at the beginning of 20th century.We meet Lennie and George , 2 men who travel together to a ranch in southern California.Their goal is to earn enough money to buy their own place and live the american dream.But on the journey they stumble upon several difficulties.They get job on a ranch and meet several people who 've been working there for some time.But the thing that makes the story interresting is that Lennie is large and strong guy but is mentaly retardet.So George has to give him directions.The books shows us how two men get along even if their quite different but have the same goal.It also shows us how people lived during this century.But it also have some twists and turns , including a unpredictably and tragic ending.John Steinbeck has showed us several things througout this book , how a relationship between two men could be destroyed because of their personalities , actions and their boss wife.My opinion about this book : Its really good , these situations are normal in nowdays too.And even if its a old book , you would learn things that no one else can teach you.If you havent read then your missing something huge .
 Different people see diffent things in the same book . What captured me the most is the dream shared by George and Lennie and later the others . A dream of having ones own places , a dream of having someone to be there for you . The major characters are drawn together by the same dream , yet be pulled away by the social and communication barriers . The `` nigger '' do n't know how to talk to others without pretending to be angry , the `` tart '' do n't know how to communicate without flirting . Nobody undersand what is in the others mind , yet at the end of the day they are actually the same people sharing the same dream.It is a very well structured story
 Of Mice and MenThis book is basically about two guys named George and Lennie who look out for each other . One has strength , but is mentally challenged and George , on the other hand , is small but smart . He looks out for George to make sure he does n't get in any trouble . They work on farms cleaning things and doing farm work . Things happen to them and they have to runaway and go work somewhere else . And they meet people that becomes there friends and some people they meet are jerks . Look forward for sluts , guns , swearing , and even braking of necks . 4 out of 5
 This was an interesting story of two friends and their dreams that are brought to a halt . I saw the story as a picture of the ugliness of humanity , apparently harmless but capable of atrocity if pushed to the edge of one 's weaknesses . Even the ` competent ' friend in the story , George , could not achieve his dreams . He was impotent to find happiness . I thought the story was fascinating . I could not put the book down , and I read the book in about three hours .
 Wonderful story of friendship , sacrifice and self-denial . Ordinary `` common man '' his trails and tribulations , his goals and dreams in an account of his daily life experiences . Excellent for classroom discussions and character study , especially for freshmen high school students . Often required reading and is a good beginning book for students learning analytical skills.Evelyn Horan - authorJeannie , A Texas Frontier Girl Books One-Three
 John Steinbeck delivers a powerful and gripping story in his book , Of Mice and Men.It tells a tale of two friends on a journey to find joy in the California horizon . George and Lennie are the pair that departs together to find work that would bring them closer to the dream of owning a farm . The dream becomes harder for George because of the continuous hassle from Lennie , a mentally disabled man . Yet the two travel together because of the loneliness of being alone and the company they bring each other . Together they find work in Salinas Valley . The dream of owning a farm comes closer until Lennie causes more conflict at their work . But this time George puts the decision in his own hands.Steinbeck explores the nature of man and friendship in his book . George 's decision to end the cycle at the end of the book shows his character of understanding the situation that he was in . George understood that together their dream was unachievable . The constant struggle between George and Lennie did not help achieve their dream and put it into reality . Many times before , George put up with this conflict because of their bond and friendship together . Steinbeck shows that where there is a conflict the knowledgeable one should solve it . In of Mice and Men , George realizes Lennie probably could never truly be happy . So as a friend George tries to make Lennie 's last memory of getting , `` to tend the rabbits , '' -LRB- 105 '' -RRB- in a farm with him . Steinbeck provides some insight to what a good friend is and what man needs to do for survival.Steinbeck provides superb storytelling . From beginning to end the novel makes you stick with their journey though their happiness and hardships . He shows the connection of a powerful friendship and the limits they take to make each other happy . Recommend this book to anyone looking to travel on a journey that will not let you go until the end . John Steinbeck delivers the goods with this one .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is the tale of two traveling laborers in California named George , who is small , quick and intelligent , and Lennie , who is enormous and incredibly strong but posseses the mind of a child . The story follows George and Lennie as they work on a small ranch in California 's Salinas Valley trying to achieve their dream of owning their own little patch of land . George tries to protect Lennie from getting into trouble with the boss ' pugnacious son , Curley , and his overly `` friendly '' wife . However , just when it seemed that their dream was in reach , Lennie 's unwavering devotion to George and his determination not to disappoint him bring the story to a tragic end that could bring a tear to even the most stoic of eyes .
 As one of Steinbeck 's most renowned stories , along with The Grapes of Wrath , this novella really does deliver what it promises in the way of true emotion and friendship during times of extreme adversity.When isolation was common , George , a short yet sharp man and his pal Lennie , a large man who is slow of mind , work on a ranch in Salinas , California , during the Great Depression . With a dream in mind , they work towards their goal of living in a somewhat ascetic nature , secluded with only each other to keep company . But as the title explains , even the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.Steinbeck is probably the mascot of modern American literature , and his other works , namely Travels with Charley , Grapes of Wrath , and In Dubious Battle , entertain to the letter . He is common reading in high schools , and due to his soft and affable writing style , he is accepted nearly unanimously .
 During the geart deperssion . In salinas , california . Lennie and George traveled together from ranch to ranch hoping to earn enough `` stake '' to achieve their dream . Lennie , the large man , with a small mind , often got in trouble and always looked up for George for help , who is small , quick , and smart . Together they formed a family . At the ranch they met old Candy . With his help George and Lennie were one step closer to their dream , but just then Lennie ... I gave this book 5 stars , because this book turned out different than what i had throught . This book not only taught us about friendship , but also showed the other side of it .
 That was a tipic life in the 1930 's , where the depretion was combinated with the racism . There , in a simple ranch , some day two migrants workers friends , decided to start a new life . George , the older but the smaller , was a person whu take care of his friend , and always save him of the troubles . Lennie , with a giant body , but with mind of a baby , always finish doing something that he do n't except , that block their dreams and relationship.Great feelings are showing in the book ... lonely , desires and hopes follow a tremendes adventure to get their own land . But the inocent force of Lennie , will change some decitions and plans on the ranch of the suspence ...
 In the book Of Mice and Men by Jonh Steinbeck is about two men that looking for jobs from ranch to ranch.This story takes place in Soledad California , during the Great depresion.The story has two characters
 Of Mice & Men by John Steinbeck , is a novel that takes place in Soledad , California , during the 1930 's which is also during the 20th century . It allso won the Nobel Prize of Literature in 1962 . The story is based on migrant workers during the Great Depression & allso shows us what true friendship is about , for ex .
 E6L HT 04/23/03 Of mice and men by john steinbeck , take place in California in a little tow called La Soledad that means lonely , during the great depresion ehe alot of migrants travel to diferent state looking for jop . two diferen people thats is not regularilly travel togetherto the south . George one of those guys , small , smart , and quick , Lennie the another guy , '' a huge man , has the mind of a young child '' , protecting by each other . Always in a gruop oh two person are one good and one bad or one smart and one dom . Lennie the big guy always protected by george , this workers have a big dream that they want to be true but Lennie the big man did a big problem.Read the book and louck up if these worker get the big dream?I recomed this bookif you are interestinghow the diferent type of races can affect the different people and how is a dream clossing and how clossing can be broke i give this book 4 stars because i read 4 times and evry time that i read i find new diferent worlds ys fabulous .
 This book takes place in Soledad , CA . It taking about two migrant workers Lennie and George . George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' . `` Lennie , a huge man has the mind of a young child '' . George like a father that taking care his trouble son Lennie . Lennie is a trouble maker , he made a lot of trouble . Finally George ca n't help Lennie and he use a gun point on the back of lennie 's head.Read on to find out what happened next.I give this book 5 stars , beacuse I like `` John Steinbeck 's books .
 Of mice and men is great . The book hooked me from begining to start . I expecially like how the ending was n't dull , it was exciting and i did n't see it coming . I recomend this book to people who enjoy a book with not only a great ending , but very intence parts throughout the story .
 If you did not read it in college take the time to read it now .
 The first time I read this book I was in the sixth grade . Since I 've read it five times and it grows in depth each time . Lennie and George are two of the most detailed and loved characters . It is one of the most controversial books of our time , for one reason it makes you think .
 Steinbeck captuered the pure esence of the characters . His use of foreshadowing is cleverly done . He could not of written a better ending , he challenged us all .
 John Steinbeck paints a beautiful picture of a dream of two men - George and Lennie - and tells about the events leading to the tragic death of the vision . It 's a wonderfully touching book and the last few pages can cause readers to cry .
 This book moves me . I 've read it probably 3 or 4 times growing up , and it still finds a way to grab hold of me . Steinbeck 's characters are the most true , honest people in fiction , in my humble opinion . Anyway , read the book . It 's good .
 This book made me realzie how lucky I am to be normal . The best book I 've ever read made me laugh at Lennie 's stupidity and cry at it too .
 The story is about two laborers who dream about owning a piece of land . George who has great wisdom takes care of Lennie who has great strength . However , Lennie does n't know how to control his strength , which always gets him into troubles . George always needs to help get Lennie out of troubles . At the end , Lennie 's uncontrollable strength causes a tragedy that even George ca n't help.I thought this book has a very sad ending . However , the description of people and places are vivid and it gives us a very good image of how the characters and places look like . Except for the sad ending , it delivers a powerful message .
 On the top layer of this book lies a very compelling story filled with vivid characters the masterfull writing style of Stienbeck . Digging deeper finds the book to be chillingly honest in it 's questions and conclusions ; characters representing practicality and dreams working together in a world that , in the end , requires the murder of one 's dreams to exsist .
 Since Lennie was dumb it made it funny . John Steinbeck made the book funny.The language was profound .
 I would just like to comment that this was a well written book , and I hope that everyone get a chance to read it .
 Some people might think it boring and tiresome . But after reading this book , I have so many deep feelings toward these lonely men who wandered around and urged for a home to stay and to be sheltered . Each of characters had dreams and see how they ended up in the book . It also describes very vividly about George 's and Lennie 's ironic friendship which had ended up a tragedy . If you are going to read the book , at the end you will find yourself sighing at the unchangeable fate for these wanderers . I myself like the story very much , and I had savored every details of it . The story made you not only to smile and cry , but also to think and feel . If you have not start this story yet , read it with your heart .
 As we approach the sixtieth anniversary of the first publication of Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men , and given its enduring popularity as evidenced by the many stage , television , and motion picture productions , it 's hardly premature to claim that the novella is an American classic . While teaching this novel over the last seven years , I have rarely found a student who did not find the story compelling , and those who did not , like Steinbeck 's Carlson , could not see the novel 's pathos . Because the story offers so little hope for the human condition , so little joy in the darkening bunkhouse , the little love and caring and wisdom that we do experience through George , Slim , and Lennie seem incandescently human and attractive in contrast . The greater part of the novel 's appeal , George and Lennie 's relationship , although far from what one could call a reciprocal friendship , intrigues the reader in the same way many comic duos intrigue . We alternately identify with the much put-upon `` smart guy '' who helplessly tries to cope with and control his irrational , dumb and , yet , spontaneous , child-like partner as they lurch from one self-inflicted crisis to another . While Steinbeck uses that classic comic routine so that the reader warmly identifies and recognizes the relationship , a closer look at the relationship , however , quickly reveals the novel 's darker side , where George willfully dominates and controls Lennie . As we read on , Curley and his wife emerge as foils who mirror the novel 's main relationship . Both couples pivot on a power struggle , on a willful monopolization and control by one partner over another . Indeed , all of the relationships and couplings in the novel turn on a power struggle . Pizer and Owens claim that `` one of the themes in of Of Mice and Men is that men fear loneliness , that they need someone to be with and to talk to who will offer understanding and companionship '' -LRB- Owens ,146 -RRB- . While most critics agree with Pizer and Owen , none have seen or suggested that the loneliness and fear in ! the novel 's characters result from the two antithetical urges that the forces of nature have encoded or programed into all its creatures . On the one hand , Steinbeck 's Nature demands of its creatures competition and power to wrest the limited goods of the earth . On the other hand , Nature also urges the individual to seek community and intimacy . The novel explores how these two contradictory urges destroy any hope in man for happiness . Man , at war with himself , has been exiled from Eden . Happiness , therefore , must be an illusion because Nature 's two primary and fundamental directives are radically antithetical ; the satisfaction of one urge immediately excludes the satisfaction of the other . Steinbeck 's peculiar understanding of the curse of Cain , as explained by Goldhurst in his seminal study , is to crave companionship from the depths of one 's nature , only to destroy it by possessing it . Because the controlled other is always reduced to an object , to a means towards another 's end , an equal interpersonal relationship is made impossible or , at best , an anomaly . In addition , the relationship causes an inescapable guilt in the reducer . The reduced other also experiences guilt because of an effaced and degraded self , but also because he can not ever be controlled as much as the dominator demands . Here is Steinbeck 's naturalism . A self-enclosed , non-transcendent , non-teleological natural system that provides a fatalism which when seen through the sympathy of sensitive eyes offers the possibility of pathos and beauty . Steinbeck 's metaphyisical naturalism can also reinvent and reinterpret the ancient myths and symbols in the ironic light of a dark and grim metaphysic . Steinbeck 's narrator establishes and characterizes George 's lording of power and control over Lennie early in the first chapter
 The ending is very sad , and it touched me deeply !!! I 'm only 13 and have read six Stienbeck 's novels , in which I have been moved deeply .
 A story of two men contrasting in physical & mental conditions but united in a deep & trusting bond whose dreams are shattered by life 's sinister twist ; is handled very well by Steinbeck 's gifted touch for the realistic.His lyrical catch-scapes prove daunting & impenetrable though , hindering the flow of the dialogues bet . the characters , where the strength of the novel lies.His style of prose fits more for a screenplay , & it 's no wonder that the film of this work was done so well.The end is a dissapointment when one has seen the film ; nevertheless , the work is a moving portrayal of human relationships in the inevitability of man 's destiny & his helplesness in trying to avert it .
 this is a really good book . it teaches you a lot about human feelings . at first , I did n't know whether or not I would like it , but then the ending just totally blew me away .
 Great book ! My question - what would have happened after George killed Lenny ? My class is doing a mock Trial of a time when they come to get George for murdering Lenny . As his defense attorney , I will show how Lenny 's murder was not pre meditated as George was mostly convinced by Slim .
 Of Mice and Men is a wonderfully written novel . It shows the ups and downs of life . This novel is a very sad yet truthful story .
 The book begins with Lennie and George
 I was shocked by the realism of this story and how accurate it was . I also liked the end of the story , it really made me think about death from a wider perspective .
 I am in 9th grade and I am 15 years old , but there is something you do not know about me . I was recently touched by means of words in merely a book . No more than three weeks ago I finished this book , and I must admit that while reading the book , it did not grasp me . Yes , it was able to keep me engaged in the novel and continue reading , but it was not my favorite . That is just the begining . The last chapter touched me in a way I could never imagine possible . Even though I did not rate this five stars , I am sure many of you would . I am sure many of you would rate this ten stars if given a chance . There is so much for one to explore and ponder within this novel , it is fraught with questions . I believe this book can not be missed and I do not usually say this , because I am one to believe that not all people have the same taste for books , as all people do not have the same taste for chocolate , and I recomend this to everyone . The themes are as thick as crunchy peanutbutter .
 This book is about two men Lennie and George , who have many hopes and dreams . They lead lives walking around from one place to the next with no family and no one but eachother . Steinbeck poingts out the themes in indirect ways and once you rad it you will lay their thinking about it for an hour . I did not label it 5 stars because I only do that if it is like the best bok in the world . You may label this 5 stars I reccommend this to anyone who loves Steinbecks books .
 Companionship is a bond between two people who share the same interests and help each other through struggles . In the book Of Mice and Men , John Steinbeck talks about the friendship between two migrant workers , George and Lennie . George is a small , wiry man that cared a lot about Lennie . He is usually the one to make the decisions and plans for their future . In contrast , Lennie is large in size , lumbering , and he has a childlike mind . Lennie & iexcl ; s mental disabilities allow him to completely depend upon George for guidance and protection.Both George and Lennie shared a common dream . Their dream is to earn money to buy a farm of their own where no one ever reaches . To make this a reality , they found a job at a ranch . At the ranch , George and Lennie encounter many challenges , and they also undergo many struggles to attain their idealistic dream . The author concludes this novel with a very shocking and unexpected ending.This is a great novel to read . It is a short and entertaining novel that captures the reader 's interest . It moves in a fast pace with many excellent descriptions in every scene . The novel was so well written that I was immersed into it . The author explorers the brotherhood in humans , strengths and weaknesses , and the dream we all possess . Steinbeck clearly illustrated the impossibility to achieve happiness and freedom - the American Dream , and I definitely can relate the themes to my daily life . I strongly recommend this story because it brings laugher , excitement , and tears , and it is a classic you do n't want to miss .
 This book was absolutely amazing . this novella is a great choice for readers of all types and ages . this book is basicly about friendship , prejudice , and most importantly , the American Dream . everyone has an American Dream . whether its to own land , to become famous , to have a family , or simply to belong somewhere ~ everyone wants to be socially equal and have material wealth . this novella teaches the lesson that although dreams give u hope and motovation to keep striving towards the future , there is also that fear that u wo n't reach u ' r dream and that is very true in many cases such as lennie and george 's . this story is about fate . most of the events occured in this book based on being at the wrong place at the wrong time or in one word , fate . this book gets its title from a very touching poem . it simply means strong vs. the weak . i would deffinently recommend this book because it is realistic and does not have a happy ending because that is the way life goes sometimes . you do n't always reach your goals in life .
 This book was one that i wish i would of read when i was suppose to in 9th grade . It was once we reached the middle of the book i realized how good it was . I am one of those students who hate reading those long novels about nothing important . Even though my teacher said it was one of the shortest novels we would ever read ! After only reading the middle to the end . I just had to check this book out for myself ! Once you begin this book , you may think it starts off boring . . but keep going becuase youll never want to put it down . It teackes you about loyalty and friendship in real life situations . This is a book i would read over and over again ! . Try this book out . . you 'll really like it !
 Steinbeck is at his best in this novel about two men heading out to get jobs and experience love and hate for each other . I liked the dialogue in this novel and the climax was awesome and thrilling ! It was unfortunate that the beloved Lennie died but it may have been for the best and Lennie 's death proves to be a big controversial issue among readers today and this is a good thing because plots and climaxes that are predictable are n't good yet I never thought that Lennie would die . While it was sad to see him go , it made for a thrilling ending and one that got us to think about ourselves . Read this book !!
 The books appears to be merely entertaining until you reach the end . Memorable characters . Excellent ending . Colorful setting . This is some of the best American literture.Also of interest
 Of Mice And Men ? Oh no , no , no . Of Genius and Sheer Brilliance is so much more fitting . You can read it in about an hour , but be ready to read it three or four times in a row . It is splendidly entertaining . You root for these guys , a little down on thier luck , to win . All you want is for this big goof Lenny to get his warm so he can be warm and loving as he is deep down inside and raise him some rabbits . I 'm reminded of the Abominable Snowman character from the old Bugs Bunny cartoons . I 'm gon na hug him and pet him and squeeze him and love him ... But anyway , this is short , simple and very easy to read . However , the easiest thing to do is enjoy this novel . Yes , you are a little upset and disappointed when Lenny is killed , but it 's still one of the best novels ever written .
 Very quick read . Love the detail of the story and you just feel like you are right there with them . Sad is it ? Indeed it is ... if you 're looking for a story that might bring a tear drop from your eye ... this is it .
 Last summer , this book was a required book for entering eigth grade English . It was short so I figured , `` I 'll just read this first and get it over with . I mean like , it seems kinda boring . '' It just did n't seem to make much sense from what i read from the descriptions . When I read it , the first chapter was so relaxing and the setting was described so perfectly . Automatically , I was whisked away back to the 1930 's in a quiet farming area in the rural areas of CA . I absolutely loved reading this book . It was such a good book ! There were many themes that could be easily picked up . And from those themes , it helped explain certain attributes about different characters and the kind of society Lennie and George entered . In the end of the book , George makes a very large sacrifice that effects himself and a lot of the people he works with . It may also bring you to tears . It definitely brought me to tears . I do n't think I saw it coming . I guess it was sort of ... ironic . Enjoy your read !
 Matea G.Of Mice and Men is a great story to read . Having two different people like Lennie and George come together and do all the things they do is something everyone should learn about . Lennie is mentally retarded and looks to George for everything he does . He forgets everything , but if George tells him anything or does anything then he will remember it . George was the only person who he talked with , and was Lennie 's hero.This book is about these two different men who travel together and look for laboring jobs . Lennie has a hard time though and always seems to get in trouble , so they always have to leave and find another place to work at . Once they find a place in Soledad working on a ranch things began to change . As they meet many knew people there their relationship begins to change . Both are welcomed but George seems to get along well with all of them as the others begin to wonder about Lennie and his intentions . Soon Lennie gets in more trouble then he has before and with a surprising twist at the end you come to realize how true their friendship was.I thought the book was very good . I could n't really relate to any of the characters but just seeing how there lives were was very interesting and how they did things . I thought it was amazing how George stuck with Lennie for so long even with all the trouble he makes . In all i thought it was good book to read .
 The plot of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is two men , one having a mind of a child , trying to make a life . Things turn out for the worst and troubles start . Their lives change forever . I liked the two main characters , George and Lennie , who are very different in many ways , but are like brothers . My favorite character is Candy because he 's nice and cares about all the others . I was n't very fond of Curly because he has a bad attitude and does n't care about the world . The main idea of the book is that the story tells us that what comes around goes around . It lets us know not to judge others because they 're different . The main conflict is trying to keep Lennie from hurting anybody and trying to teach him the difference between right and wrong . I really liked this book because it dealt with drama and it had suspense in it . It was very interesting and hard to put down .
 as with most of steinbeck 's work , ` of mice and men ' poses a series of moral dilemmas and takes a serious look at both the positive and negatives nuances of relationships ; but more than anything , the novella -LRB- steinbeck 's first major work -RRB- explores man 's inability to escape his situation and surroundings . escape , maybe more than any other theme , runs through the book.lennie and george are well-documented characters , so there 's no need to delve into their respective personalities . what struck about ` of mice and men ' is steinbeck 's assertion that human beings in precarious situations , whether of their own making or as the result of others , are trapped . whether or not the reader buys into this theory is , of course , up to the reader . however , throughout the novel steinbeck introduces the reader to characters stuck in their situations . lennie desires freedom but is stuck with george -LRB- notice how many times lennie offers to leave george -RRB- , george wants to be rich , but it stuck with lennie -LRB- granted , george chooses to remain stuck with lennie -RRB- ; curley 's wife wants to be a movie star , but is stuck at the ranch with a miserably , miserly husband . the majority of the major characters , at one point or another , all express sincere desires to escape their current situation -- all of which lead the novel 's shocking ending.without giving too much away , there are really on two possible interpretations to george 's actions in the final pages . either we view george as a savior or a muderer -LRB- i guess i just gave it away -RRB- . either george is justified in his actions , or he is not . again , this depends on each reader 's own individual interpretation of the text . steinbeck makes no effort to villify or diefy george -- he simply tells what happened . was george justified ? did he do lenny a favor or was he acting out of his own selfish motivations ? it 's a great topic for debate and thought . ` of mice and men ' was steinbeck 's first major work and in a way established him as a master of the moral dilemma . this novel , just as his others , leaves you thinking days , weeks , months and years after you finish reading . ` of mice and men ' is a great novel by one of america 's greatest writers .
 When asked I tell people OF MICE AND MEN is my favorite book.My youngest son had to read it for ninth grade English class and was exclaiming over it . I have read it numerous times but not for many years . I bought a copy and read it again . It is always good . The dark themes remind me that the misfits of the world have a place but too often it is a place with tragic consequences that effect us all and always will .
 Anybody that gives this classic book any less then 3 stars is ignorant , immature and about as intelectual as a rock . if you do n't get the point or meaning of this book , you do n't deserve to know .
 Short , but marvelous . That 's Of Mice and Men in three words , but that nutshell does extreme injustice to the true wonder of this classic.Through this tale , John Steinbeck was able to say so much , in so little words . Never before have I seen so many themes bonded so seemlessly together , without being boring and flat . No , Of Mice and Men was enjoyable , and I would never mind reading it again . I will never forget Of Mice and Men , for it has found its own special place in my heart , and forever there it will remain .
 In this book , John Steinbeck takes us on a journey of what 2 friends ' lives are during the great depression . Lennie , a big , strong , and mentally retarded person is the unlikely friend of George , a small , smarter man . The two of them become great friends and care for each other like no other people I know . At the start of the book , they are chased out of town because of Lennie . At their new home , a few miles south of their old one , they make many friends . Lennie and George share a big dream of owning their own piece of land.Steinbeck writes with great detail throughout the whole novel . He shares the emotions of the characters so well that when I was reading the book I felt the same ones . The story shows many different emotions and blots lots of images into your head . Of Mice and Men is one of my favorite books I have read in a while . It will keep you always thinking about what will happen next . I highly recommend this book .
 In 1937 , John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men takes us on a journey through California and the depression . Our story starts with two friends , Lennie and George , getting run out of town because Lennie accidentally killed another person . George is smart , short , and skinny . George 's companion , Lennie , is big , strong , and simple minded . The journey begins in the town of Weed and ends a few miles south , in Soledad . Interestingly , the book ends the same way it started , with the two friends getting run out of a town . John Steinbeck has done a great job of developing all his characters by giving them strong backgrounds . Steinbeck also explains the personalities of his characters extremely well . In particular , Steinbeck has written an exceptionally interesting individual , the stable buck , Crooks . He has a strong work ethic , a pleasant and kind demeanor.Why did these two friends get run out of town ? What happens at the surprise end of the book ? Those are a couple of questions that might be going through your head . If you read this book you can find the answers to all of these questions and decide what type of book Of Mice and Men is . Of Mice and Men is a wonderfully heartwarming story and is a classic that will be around for a long time .
 In the book Of Mice and Men written by John Steinbeck was an amazing story about two men over coming they 're struggles to try to live they 're dream . John Steinbeck does such a wonderful job of describing the setting that you feel like you 're on that same ranch in Salinas California during The Great Depression . The two men Lennie and Gorge are very different . George is small but very smart and quick while Lennie is huge very slow and dose not even know his own strength.The reason there are struggles is because every time they work Lennie always gets them in trouble in fact the reason they come to the ranch because they where run out of Weed . When Lennie and George get to the ranch they met the boss , Slim , Candy , Curly , and Crooks . Now Curly hates big people and has a wife that always is looking for him and the other half the time he 's looking for her . Slim is like a hero of the ranch he is like the leader of the group . Crooks and Candy are two people you would have to feel sorry for . Crooks is the black stable buck that every time the boss is mad he takes it out on Crooks . Candy has an old dog that smells horrible and ends up killing him.This book is very good and I would only recommend this book to mature teenagers and up . The reason is because of the use of cussing and the N word . A great book no matter the slurs .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck takes place in Salinas , California . On a large ranch . T his story takes place during the Great Depression . When many men and women became hoboes.The two main characters are George Milton and Lennie Small , who are hoboes because bums beg and hoboes work . Lennie is mentally retarded and does not know his own strength , he loves rabbits . He forgets quickly and is big and tall . He is a very good worker , also a nice person , and will do anything George say 's . George is in charge , he protects and looks out for Lennie he is short with sharp features , and is very serious.I think this book is mostly about the companionship between George and Lennie , because even though George does n't act like he cares about Lennie he actually does . George does not want anyone to hurt Lennie , mainly because most people do n't understand him . Lennie 's best friend is George because they travel together and always look out for each other . Lennie does n't like to start trouble , but unlike the incident with Curley he does n't know how strong he is . Most people wo n't mess wont George because him and Lennie are so close.George and Lennie always wanted to `` Live offa the fatta the lan '' Steinbeck pg .57 . Which I think means to be able to do what they want without anyone telling them what do . They could be free and not worry about what anyone else says because it 's their land and they can do what they want to . George and Lennie have dreams to one day get a farm and be away from everyone . All they want to do is live there because the feel they belong there.I recommend this book to anyone who loves books about love and companionship between two entirely different men . This book would be more for young adults because there is some racial comments and profanity used in this book . George and Lennie make you be able to image two guys ' opposites of each being so close they are like blood . This book is full of imagery that anyone could picture ; the author loves to explain with great detail . At the end of the book you are so hooked on it you just do n't want to put it down .
 Of Mice and MenBy
 In the book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck two older men , Lennie and George , living as a hobo during the Great Depression in the 1930 's struggling in life and trying to find a job . Lennie and George are running away from their old town of Weed because a woman charged Lennie with rape . Lennie is a little bit retarded and likes to touch soft things . George is Lennie 's Aunt Clara died so now he 's the responsible guardian.There are two main settings in this great novel . First , in the brush where they stay one night . There were many trees and bushes . There was also a pond where the two of them drank from . This was important because if Lennie ever got in trouble George told him to come to this place . The other setting was the ranch where they got their money . The people on the ranch were the boss , Curly , Carlson , Curly 's wife , Candy , Slim and Crooks . The two of them bucked barley and there was Crooks house , the bunk house , the main house.George and Lennie are hobo 's so they travel together . George always tells Lennie that they 're going
 In the book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck two older men , Lennie and George , living as a hobo during the Great Depression in the 1930 's struggling in life and trying to find a job . Lennie and George are running away from their old town of Weed because a woman charged Lennie with rape . Lennie is a little bit retarded and likes to touch soft things . George is Lennie 's Aunt Clara died so now he 's the responsible guardian.There are two main settings in this great novel . First , in the brush where they stay one night . There were many trees and bushes . There was also a pond where the two of them drank from . This was important because if Lennie ever got in trouble George told him to come to this place . The other setting was the ranch where they got their money . The people on the ranch were the boss , Curly , Carlson , Curly 's wife , Candy , Slim and Crooks . The two of them bucked barley and there was Crooks house , the bunk house , the main house.George and Lennie are hobo 's so they travel together . George always tells Lennie that they 're going to `` live off the fatta the lan '' -LRB- Steinbeck pg .105 -RRB- which means they 're going to have nuts and berries and Lennie can feed alfalfa to the rabbits . George is n't physically strong but he is mentally and Lennie is physically strong but not mentally so they help each other all the time.I would recommend this book for 8th-12th grade students and adults because it has some language that is n't appropriate for younger kids . I would also recommend the audio tape that goes with the book because Gary Sinise , the narrator , expresses the characters excellently . I loved this book because it shows how people dealt with conflicts and how they acted and worked in the 1930 's .
 Christopher W , Student @ MLMS '' Livin ' off the fatta the land . '' was my favorite saying as it was peppered throughout the story . -LRB- Steinbeck page 14 -RRB- This and many other phrases you will find yourself saying over and over after reading Of Mice And Men . John Steinbeck is a great author really throwing you into the book . You will find yourself hanging on to every word that George says and laughing harder than ever at Lennie 's child-like way of life . Steinbeck will make you feel like you are in Salinas California in the 1930 's . You will really feel like you are working on a ranch during this hopeless time in the Great Depression.Two lonely men wandering the roads together looking for work with one thing in mind . They find work but not without trouble . Curly , the ranch owner 's son is very hotheaded and causes a lot of trouble . Lennie who is strong physically , but mentally retarded stirs things up as well . The ending is sad but wonderful.George is small and very wise . Lennie is huge , but retarded . Curly 's wife uses her femininity to get attention . Curly is easily agitated and hates big people so he and Lennie have some problems . Curly is always looking for a fight.I would recommend this book to any mature middle school audiences and above . It is a vivid description of life during the Great Depression and two men just trying to make a living with all the troubles along the way . You will always remember `` Livin off the fatta the land . '' -LRB- Steinbeck page 14 -RRB- and `` the rabbits George do n't forget about the rabbits '' -LRB- Steinbeck page 14 -RRB- . This is a phenomenal book and a great read . You will find your eyes glued to each and every page the whole way through .
 Title
 `` Of Mice and Men '' , by John Steinbeck was a great book . It took place on a ranch in California during the Great Depression . Lennie and George are two hobo 's who look after each other . Lennie is mentally retarded and George looks after him , and continually gets him out of trouble.On the ranch there are a few more important characters . Curly , a `` used to be professional boxer '' who is the bosses son and very small in stature , is always picking on Lennie , an overgrown , retarded guy . He hates everyone who is bigger than him . Slim is a tall nice fellow with an ageless face . People just automatically respect him , and his word is law . Carlson hates the old swamper 's , dog . Carlson said the old dog stunk and was useless . There is a black stable buck named Crooks . Curly 's wife is considered a `` tart '' and is always flirting with all the guys.Lennie and George travel everywhere together . Lennie is very forgetful and does n't know his own strength . George is a smaller guy who takes care of Lennie . The real idea of this novel was love and companionship . Most hobo 's traveled alone , but not George and Lennie , they have each other . George may come across as a mean , grumpy man but really it 's a form of tough love . He really does care about Lennie.The two hobos plan is to live is to `` live off the fatta the lan ' '' . -LRB- Steinbeck , pg . 14 -RRB- That means they want to be free and own their own land . They wo n't have to answer to anyone else because they 'll have everything they need right there . I strongly recommend this book to mature readers , There is a lot of profanity used .
 These are the two words I have to describe this book . It 's a short work of genius , and it fully immerses you in its world for the all-too-short time that it lasts . With its masterfully crafted characterization and storyline woven so perfectly , it has you tightly wrapped around its proverbial fingers until its heartbreaking conclusion .
 This was a very brief but very engaging story wonderfully read by Gary Sinise . It is very touching and I did n't want it to end the way it did but I knew it had to . Great Story .
 Classic story of two nomadic laborers who 's goal is to own their own farm . The book is set in Depression Era California where Steinbeck grew up . George is the brains while Lennie is the brawn . Each makes up for the other 's weaknesses . Steinbeck shows the unselfishness of George as he takes it upon himself to care for Lennie , mainly to keep him out of trouble . Unfortunately , Lennie finds trouble which leads to the death of a young girl . It is at this point George must decide whether to protect Lennie as he always does or cut his losses . Excellent story , a well written classic .
 This is a wonderful , beautifully written story of two loyal , polar opposite friends . Lennie a tall , strong , slow , gentle giant , is looked after by his friend George , a short , clever little man . They make their way together all over the country searching for jobs and trying to achieve their dream of owning their own piece of land . Lennie does some `` bad things '' and keeps losing both of them their jobs . George sticks by Lennie and looks after him nonetheless . They finally end up at a ranch where they meet some interesting characters . There is the taunting , head-strong Curley , his harlequin wife , the tall authoritative Slim , the lonely Crooks , and the tired out Candy , all excellently portrayed by Steinbeck . The power of friendship , the woes and dreams of all men , and the outside forces that combat with all of us are present in this epic novel . Beautifully written with a surprising yet appropriate ending , a must read for all .
 In the land of opportunity , everyone strives to achieve the ultimate goal
 This is a great classic . I loved hearing Gary Sinise narrate the book he does an excellent job . This has always been one of my favorite books and this is the best way to `` read '' it . I listened to it on my way into work and my way home .
 I knew the title , I knew the name and background of the author , but somehow I did n't have to read this book in high school . It 's never to late to catch up on the classics!After finishing `` Of Mice and Men '' my first reaction was that it was a very fast read , and it was a bit overhyped . I found Steinbeck 's writing style a bit choppy , not an easy read -LRB- meaning the true-to-life exchanges were both irritating and believable -RRB- . After a week of reflection , I am beginning to appreciate the work more , and can understand the `` classic '' classification . Some of the content is coarse for middle school , and it may have been intentionally left off the reading list -LRB- or perhaps kept out of the library -RRB- of my Virginia school , but I recommend -LRB- re -RRB- reading this one as an adult . Like works of Shakespeare , Steinbeck 's work is likely better understood with life experience .
 I read this book with my 17 year old son for school . He was reluctant to get started and the dialect in the book was challenging for him . However , the author 's word choice , symbolism , and snapshots created through the words provided excellent learning opportunities for my son . We journaled each chapter writing a summary , reaction and predictions . I enjoyed watching him grow throughout the book of friendship and the infectious power of dreams .
 George and Lennie are drifters , moving from rural property to rural property , they go wherever work takes them . They stay for as long as their luck lasts , doing whatever the current job demands , but come what may George and Lennie stick together . George is small , fast to loose his temper and smart . Lennie is big , always affable and dim-witted . Lennie needs George to look after him , and George sometimes wishes that he was able to live life free and easy , free to gamble and booze his money away . Lennie 's slow wit often gets him into trouble in the rough and tumble , male world of the rural society . Now `` a few miles south of Soledad '' George and Lennie are about to start a new job . Before they enter the property the two camp out overnight so George can enjoy the scenery . This proves to be the calm before the storm as the two are about to experience life-changing events.This is a short book , being just under 100 pages , but it contains much to be thought about . Steinbeck describes in detail the harsh way men choose to live . He notes how , in this environment , some men rise to become leaders , being hero-worshiped in such a way that their word becomes almost gospel in the minds of other men . But Stienbeck , through the friendship of George and Lennie , also notes that there is another , more caring way for men to live . Of course even those who follow a philosophy of caring live in the real world of struggle in which circumstances are not easy to resolve , and Steinbeck is well aware of this . Steinbeck 's beliefs are informed by his knowledge of Christianity , but one does not have to slavishly follow that religion to agree with what he is saying . This book was first published in 1937 , but is contains ideas that have finally flourished in the New Age Men 's movement of the late Twentieth Century.This book is stylistically interesting . Steinbeck deliberately wrote his prose in a way which imitates plays -LRB- drama -RRB- . Events take place in a set ` scene ' and characters enter , interact and leave . Dialogue , rather than action , is emphasized . The author , indeed , later wrote a theater version of this story . He did the same thing with the book _ The Moon is Down _ . Through Steinbecks skillfully woven dialogue we gain a good understanding of his main characters and Lennie is one of his most poignant creations . The climaxes of this tale , and there are more than one , are also memorable.John Steinbeck is of course a famous author and this is one of his most well known novels . I am glad to say I did not find it in the least disappointing and I am very happy to award it five stars .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' is about two men trying to survive in the great depression . One of the characters , Lennie , is a mentally retarded person that cant remember anything and likes to pet things . The other man , George , is a smart guy that is burdened with taking care of Lennie . These people are trying to make money to live on a farm . They come and work on this ranch where they meet many surprising people . This stories themes are dreams because Geaorge and Lennie dream about living on a farm and other dreams . Another theme is violence because it tells about some violence in the book . This also shows how life was in the great depression .
 I believe that the novel `` Of Mice and Men '' is a very emotional story . The two main characters are Lennie and George , Lennie is a big man that is mentaly retarted and George is the complete opposite , he is a short hardworking man taking care of Lennie as a fovor to aunt Clara . Two themes that the novel distributes is lonliness and violence . Lonliness was shown in this novel when George and Lennie are without the society hiding to keep Lennie safe.Volience is shown by how George reacts to Lennie in many situations one when Lennie kills curlys wife . Two conflicts that occur in this novel are when Lennie has a problem with touching soft things so hard he kills them and George haveing problems keeping Lennie in order . At the end of the story , for Lennies own good his life is sacraficed by George .
 The classic novel `` Of Mice and Men '' is a story about George and Lennie . George is short and takes care of his best friend Lennie who is mentally retarded . Lennie is a tall man and is very strong . In this book there is a lot of violence . For example , Lennie and the boss 's son Curley get into a fight because Curley was looking for his tart of a wife and Lennie was smiling at the thought of owning a farm of his own . Also , there is violence when Lennie and Curley 's wife are in the barn together . He was feeling her hair and she started to scream and Lennie ended up breaking her neck and killing her . Another theme is dreams . This is represented by Lennie and George 's wish of one day owning their own farm and living off '' the fat of the land '' . This book was okay but not the best book in the world .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a lonely story of two hobos , Lennie and George . Lennie is a large man with a mental disability and a craving for soft things and George is a small man who 's in charge of Lennie , making sure he is n't getting them in trouble . The men had to flee from Weed because Lennie was accused of raping a woman when he only wanted to feel her dress.They find a ranch outside of Weed and work there . There they meet a rambunctious man by the name of Curley who threatens to knock out any man 's lights if they even consider looking at his jail-bait wife . Curley is the ranch owner 's son so , he 's never going to get into trouble . When Curley and Lennie cross paths , something terrible happens . `` Of Mice and Men '' was a very good book that we both enjoyed . Some of the hobo-dialect is a little hard to understand but pretend you 're the characters -LRB- like we did -RRB- and you 'll find out what a good book this is !
 Mice and Men is a violent and dramatic novel . The two main characters were Lennie and George . Lennie was a big , kind of `` slow '' , quite retarted man and George was smaller and smart . One theme of this book was loneliness . Curly 's wife would always come to the bunk house to talk to someone and be with someone because Curly was never there . Another theme of the book was about dreams . Lennie and George dreamed of living on a farm with cows , chickens and rabbits . Conflicts occured many times in this story . Lennie killed birds , mice and even a person . He never meant to do the things he did it was all out of curiosity of feeling on soft things . One more conflict of the story is when Curly does n't like big people because he 's small . Curly took Lennie the wrong way and causesd them to fight . Therefore , this book was interesting and exciting .
 Mice and Men is a violent and dramatic novel . The two main characters were Lennie and George . Lennie was a big , kind of `` slow '' , quite retarted man and George was smaller and smart . One theme of this book was loneliness . Curly 's wife would always come to the bunk house to talk to someone and be with someone because Curly was never there . Another theme of the book was about dreams . Lennie and George dreamed of living on a farm with cows , chickens and rabbits . Conflicts occured many times in this story . Lennie killed birds , mice and even a person . He never meant to do the things he did it was all out of curiosity of feeling on soft things . One more conflict of the story is when Curly does n't like big people because he 's small . Curly took Lennie the wrong way and causesd them to fight . Therefore , this book was interesting and exciting .
 The novel `` Of Mice and Men '' written by John Steinbeck deals with interhuman problems and the character 's social differences . The protagonists are Lennie and George . They travel together from farm to farm because George has to take care of Lennie who behaves like a child . First the characters are described in a superficial way and the reader can not feel like the caracters do . But in the end of the novel every character becomes multilayered and now the reader can follow the actions that take place . So the reader is able to foreshadow the continue of the character 's life . The last chapter is the most important chapter because the novel ends &aacute;t the same place where it starts . To me , it seems to be the sane thing with life
 John Steinbeck ` s novelette `` Of Mice and Men '' is about two friends who work as farmhands in California during the depression . George and Lennie are opposites in outer appearence and behaviour . The one , George , is small , smart and intelligent , but Lennie is huge , retarded and acts in a childish way . He has to rely totally on George . These two guys hold together because of two things
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men . It was a great short novel in which Steinbeck keeps you interested from beginning to end . The dialogue was great and helped you to learn more about the characters without getting a bunch of unneeded information . This helps to keep the book short but you still get a lot of good information . George and Lennie are the two main characters . They are labor workers and travel from farm to farm looking for jobs to make money . They have an amazing friendship , which everyone at the ranch admires . Steinbeck puts a large emphasis on the importance of male friendship in the novel . They are trying to make enough money to buy there own land so they can be free of always having to worry about having a job or not . George is a small man who keeps up with Lennie . Lennie is very large and is almost considered mentally ill . He loves to pet soft things and this can get him in trouble . The novel ends up being sad but it is definitely well worth the read .
 As a California writer with my debut novel in its initial release -LRB- and a teacher in a rural high school for over twenty years -RRB- , I am a true admirer of John Steinbeck . Over the years , and on his way to the Nobel Prize , Steinbeck wrote many fine books . OF MICE AND MEN is one of his best . It tells a simple tale of George and Lennie as they travel together and face the challenges life throws in their path . This novel is complex in its simplicity . One must read it carefully or one will miss Steinbeck 's crucial points . It is deserving of the acclaim is has received in the decades since its original publication . Once you have read it , memories of George and Lennie will not easily fade from your memory .
 This is a story about George and Lennie . George is a small man , he is smart , and underneath it all , he loves Lennie . Lennie is a huge man , but was born a slow man , and he sort of reminds you of the big guy in The Green Mile.Lennie always gets into trouble , not on purpose , but because he likes to pet things , like mice , and sometimes women 's dresses if they look like they would feel nice . That 's how they got thrown out of a few of there jobs , and is the basis of the book.There is some foul language in the book , but regular working folk do n't really mind eachother 's bad language , and the bad language brings you farther into the book , like you were actually working on the farm . For a short book , it packs a lot of surprises that I was n't expecting at all . The end is truly sad , and it left questions , but that 's what a good book does in my mind.John Steinbeck really brought you into the minds of both George and Lennie , and described each character very well . I am looking forward to reading Mr. Steinbeck 's other novels.Mark _ Sigel
 Steinbeck 's book Of Mice and Men is one of the most incredible works of American literature . It 's a story about how two men try to achieve some semblance of success in Depression-era California . However , all of their hopes and dreams are shattered by the people around them . This is a must-read .
 Of Mice and Men was the greatest book I 've ever read . I read this book with my class and I normally hate the books we read but this one was so good , I read it during the summer also . John Steinbeck created an incredible picture of both the setting and the charcters . The ending was so unexpected and such a surprise that many of the people in my class ended up crying along with me . It became my favorite book and I definitly recommend it to anyone .
 From the first page I fell in love with John Steinbeck 's way of writing - his humble and delicate language.In this sweet novel Steinbeck has created an interesting set of characters and he chose to set the novel a few miles south of Soledad -LRB- loneliness in Spanish -RRB- in the 1930 's . It tells the story of the two friends , George -LRB- the smart one -RRB- and Lennie -LRB- the dumb one -RRB- , whom have no family , and no place that they can call `` home '' . To make a living Lennie and George work on the different farms around , trying to save up money . They have a dream of buying a place of their own . A piece of land where they can grow their own crop and where Lennie can have rabbits . It is this dream that keeps these two friends going.This short novel captures your attention easily . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a touching and sad story about friendship and the need for everyone to belong . Well written and highly recommended !
 The story of Steinbeck 's life makes me think that maybe he was lonely like George and Lennie . It seems like he writes from his own emotional experiences . He does such a good job of writing Mice and Men that I think it 's a shame if everyone ca n't appreciate the effort he takes to make us understand that sometimes our best laid plans go astray .
 I thought that this book was great . When I first opened the book and read the first page , I thought that I was in for a boring book . I being the type that hates adventures , thought that the book was well written . The book starts off with a discription of a place that is by a lake and is surrounded with bushes . As I continued to read I began to like the characters . One being smart and the other being incredibly stupid . As the story goes on many events happen that make you continue to read . John Steinbeck keeps you intersested throughout the entire story . You must read this book .
 Time after time steinbeck has been able to tell a story and capture my attention with great words which flow off the pages . Mice and men is a great story of two men and their lot in life . You 'll laugh and cry as you read this tale . And it will challenge you to ask questions you never though were there to ask .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is sad , linking novel , which shows the human side of two men , and the compassion that they share for one another . The novel is n't an indept character story , but a relationship story , a bond between two men , and how far one will go for the other . Foreshadowing is evident in the book , and at just over 100 pages , you know what is going to happen within the first 30 , but that is n't the point . Steinbeck wants us to look at life from a different side . He wants us to see the awful situations that present themselves to people , and how those certain people handle it . Although Of Mice and Men is a simple read , the message and inpact the story leaves with you , will go far beyond the thin paper pages it was typed on nearly seventy years ago .
 This is one of my all-time favorite books ! John Steinbeck had created a wonderful and haunting story about various Western farmers . Loneliness is the major theme in this novel . Steinbeck captures the true essence of what it 's like to be sad and unfulfilled . And the friendship between George and Lennie is both funny and poignant . It was especially touching when George decides that he can no longer protect Lennie from the horrible things that he had n't intended to do . Who can resist a novel with such strong message and symbolism ? This is one of the best pieces of literature ever -- a true American classic !
 I enjoyed reading this novel . It taught the true meaning of a friendship . It was the story of a dream that was unreachable , but George kept the dream alive for Lennie , until he was forced to ... nevermind I wo n't tell the ending . Read it , the ending id great !
 Of Mice And Men is story of two young men -LRB- Georgr and Lennie -RRB- who travel from ranch to ranch . It was unsual the ranch life , that two men would stick together for so long . The ranch life was a everymanforhimself life , but Lennie and George went through it together . Besides the affection that they had for each other , what held them together was common dream . They dream to buying a little ranch to grow their own crops and animals . Lennie was big -LRB- hard-worker -RRB- , but he had sort of a mental disorder , while George was a small but meticulous man , who looked after Lennie all the time . I meant almost all the time , until the day that he went to the town -LRB- to drink -RRB- and left Lennie along in the ranch , and Lennie did something that shattered their dreams -LRB- forever -RRB- . What I liked more in the story was simpathy of the characters -LRB- ranch workers -RRB- , in the begining they seemed to be mean and anti-social , but then they started to get along with George and Lennie in a very social way
 This is a tragic story about two friends that travel together . There friendship is unique . These two frineds , Lennie and George make a very good team together . Lennie is a very big and strong person and is very slow but George is much smaller guy with the brains . It talks about their life in farming and how they travel together to make there dream come true until it takes a twisting turn .
 The story , Of Mice and Men , is a story about two men named Lennie Small and George Milton that travel from town to town looking for somewhere to work . Lennie does n't have it all upstairs and likes to pet small , furry animals . He relies on George to take care of him , and he has a dream of owning a Rabbit Farm and tending the rabbits . George always yells at Lennie for the stupid stuff he does , but everything comes out for the good . One day on the ranch they were working at , Lennie went to see the puppies in the barn and met Curley 's wife their . Curley is a small and stout sort of guy that hates big guys . Lennie crushed his hand in a fight they had earlier . Lennie started feeling Curley 's wife 's hair and felt how soft it was . When she told him to let go , Lennie panicked and held on . He ended up snapping her neck and killing her . He did n't mean anything that he did , but it happened . Later on , George pulls a gun on Lennie and shoots him in the head . A very bizarre ending to such a great book . Lots of events fall behind all that so read it to find out .
 This was a wonderful book . I felt so much sorrow for Lennie , whose own stupidity was the reason for his death . God knows that this man was a truly a character of a mastermind .
 John Steinback has an open mind about the Great Depression and succeeds at writing the book , `` Of Mice and Men . '' Before I go any farther , if you 're someone who hates reading and never wants to see another book again , this book should change your mind . This story is about two men named Lennie and George . Lennie 's obsession with petting soft things leads both he and George into all sorts of trouble . The setting is mostly on the ranch , where they meet some ranch handlers.I see this book as an adventure , and really fun and sad at times . My favorite thing said in the book was , `` I wan na tend to the rabbits George . '' Their dream is to `` live off the fat of the land , '' just to have a place of their own , and no boss . When you start to read this book , you build up so much momentum . This book is definatly the one to read , and for the people that dont like to read like me , your missing out big time .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was the best book I have ever read . The characters , the mentally retarded Lennie and the tough George , are on the run from people from Weed . Lennie was accused of trying to rape a girl in a red dress when he actually wanted to touch it since it was so soft . After that , they find a ranch in Salinas , California to work on for a while . There are conflicts and solutions all at the same time.My favorite character was Lennie because even though , he was really mentally retarded , he was kind and did nothing out of harm . He knew that George loved him by giving tough love while on the ranch . All he thought about was the rabbits . `` I get to tend the rabbits '' was my all time favorite quote because he always said it to remind himself what he was going to do when they got off the farm . Sometimes , I always thought he was rather hopeful even when he was sad .
 of mice and men was a terrific book . all the characters were amazing.george and lennie were two different personalities . george was short but he was tough and mean.lennie was soft and emotional . george and lennie ar 2 hobos that lived during the great depression and george told lennie stories about them living about the fatta the lan . they had been kicked out of the town of weed because of an incident , os they left to find a new job . they went to a ranch where they worked.when they got there they had trouble , curly didnt like them and his wife was trouble . even though they had trouble with certain people , they still made friends with the other ranchers . if you want to know more about the story you have to get it at your nearest library or purchs it on hear .
 This book is a great book that will keep hold of you until the end . Steinbeck does a fabulous job describing the farm where the book takes place . Lennie is hillarious and keeps on asking Geogre `` Can I still tend the rabbits ? '' . George and Lennie are wanted for rape and also need to find a place to get a job.This book has some memorable characters such as the swamper Candy and the boxer Curly . Lennie is a big , strong , retarded giant that always gets in trouble . George is small , weak , smart man that has to put up with Lennie.I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to find out how hard life was during the Great Depression .
 The book that my class read was `` Of Mice And Men '' by John Steinbeck . This story was about two of the main characters , Lennie and George . The main idea is that Lennie , who is short tempered , and very big , and George , who is small and in charge of things , go on an adventure to get money and `` Live off the fatta ' the lan ' . '' Most of the setting takes place at a small ranch with many more characters , and in the woods . I thought this story was very appealing when it came to the settings.Although the story was very exciting and fun , there were a few sad and suprizing parts which you will love if you read it . My opinion on the book was that the beginning was kind of boring , but got better as you went along . Some of the language in the book is used from before I was born and there was cussing in it too . I guarentee that by the end of the book , you will remember the names Lennie and George . I hope you will read this book !
 I first read this book in High School , after a couple of years I decided to read it again . I fell in love with the character Lennie , I really felt bad for him sometimes . The story touched my heart , and you are definetly missing out if you never read it.I 'm definitely going to read more of John Steinbecks books , he did a great job with this book .
 Of Mice and Men was a very good book in my opinion . I liked it because it was about two guys pursuing a dream . George is a very smart person who knows what he wants out of life . Lennie on the other hand is n't very smart and gets into trouble alot . George basically take cares of Lennie and trys to keep him out of trouble . They both start working on a ranch in California and try to earn money so they can have there own place with a few acres . The ending is very good and unexpected that is what makes this novel great .
 Of mice and men was a great book . It told about how and little man named , George who was smart and a dumb man , Lennie who was really big and strong . This book explained how the one man helps out another guy that isnt smart at all and just needs taking caring of because his Aunt Clara died . Well while they both keep working on the fields Bucking Barley , they come up with an idea to own a house and a couple of acres . Well Lennie loves to rub soft things , so he wants to just get the house and tend the rabbits . The book is just a good book of how good of friends can work together and when something goes wrong a friend has to do the thing that is best for the other .
 Of all the books I 've read , Of Mice and Men is n't in my top three , but it 's close to being one . In a very well written way , Of Mice and Men shows how valuable friendship is . I was skeptical of it when I was first going to read it in 9th grade . As I read though , I found that it was actually a very good book and quite entertaining . It was written like a movie , detailed , yet very short for a novel . At only 107 pages long , Of Mice and Men shows that a classic book does not have to fall in the 500 page category . I give Of Mice and Men four out of five stars .
 This is truly a work of great caliber . The characters are portrayed and described diligently , with no wasted words . I recomment this fast reading book .
 I am in 9th grade and I am 15 years old , but there is something you do not know about me . I was recently touched by means of words in merely a book . No more than three weeks ago I finished this book , and I must admit that while reading the book , it did not grasp me . Yes , it was able to keep me engaged in the novel and continue reading , but it was not my favorite . That is just the begining . The last chapter touched me in a way I could never imagine possible . Even though I did not rate this five stars , I am sure many of you would . I am sure many of you would rate this ten stars if given a chance . There is so much for one to explore and ponder within this novel , it is fraught with questions . I believe this book can not be missed and I do not usually say this , because I am one to believe that not all people have the same taste for books , as all people do not have the same taste for chocolate , and I recomend this to everyone . The themes are as thick as crunchy peanutbutter .
 Companionship is a bond between two people who share the same interests and help each other through struggles . In the book Of Mice and Men , John Steinbeck talks about the friendship between two migrant workers , George and Lennie . George is a small , wiry man that cared a lot about Lennie . He is usually the one to make the decisions and plans for their future . In contrast , Lennie is large in size , lumbering , and he has a childlike mind . Lennie & iexcl ; s mental disabilities allow him to completely depend upon George for guidance and protection.Both George and Lennie shared a common dream . Their dream is to earn money to buy a farm of their own where no one ever reaches . To make this a reality , they found a job at a ranch . At the ranch , George and Lennie encounter many challenges , and they also undergo many struggles to attain their idealistic dream . The author concludes this novel with a very shocking and unexpected ending.This is a great novel to read . It is a short and entertaining novel that captures the reader 's interest . It moves in a fast pace with many excellent descriptions in every scene . The novel was so well written that I was immersed into it . The author explorers the brotherhood in humans , strengths and weaknesses , and the dream we all possesses . Steinbeck clearly illustrated the impossibility to achieve happiness and freedom - the American Dream . I definitely can relate the themes to my daily life . I strongly recommend this story because it brings laugher , excitement , and tears . It is a classic you do n't want to miss .
 Although it turns out to be sad at the end , I still love this book!It 's actually one of my favorites . Well , if you 're tired of happy endings , you should try it !
 My second read of the book - just as good as the first.Steinbeck is the master ! His economy of language issuperb.The reader is drawn in right from the very startand the characters are just superb not to mentionLennie who is so likeable.Throughout the book I got the sense that I reallyknew the characaters - each one pursuing their own `` American Dream '' . It is a lesson in life and in humankind .
 John Steinbeck is magnificent in this true American classic . From start to finish , he keeps you interested , and the pages keep turning . Of Mice and Men defines the true meaning of male friendship and the power of the strong over the weak . This is a book you wo n't want to put down !
 This little gem of a book should be the de facto standard for a novel . Conscise yet detailed , moving and profound . Nobody makes me sappy eyed like Steinbeck . Definately 3.5 kleenex out of 5 . For more kleenex mileage , try Grapes of Wrath .
 Of Mice and Men is one of the best books I have ever read . I can not believe Steinbeck can write a 107 page book and make the reader feel like they have known the character their wholes lives . It is sad to see how someone like Lennie can be treated , but great to know that there is always someone like George to be there for them . The ending is very good . I high recommend this book to others .
 The Setting for this story is Salinas , California during the 1930 's . On the Salinas River , George and Lennie are camping out before they get to the ranch where they 're going to work.The Main conflict of the book is that George thinks that Lennie is going to say or do something to get them fired from their job just like the job that they had before . This problem was easily solved by George telling Lennie not to talk to the boss and that if he did he would not be able to tend the rabbits when they get their own farm.The tone of this novel is kind of slow at first , but it eventually changes . When you are reading , you are thinking something is going to happen something different and more suspensful happens.Lennie Really does n't change that much from the beginning to end . George , however , changes a lot . George starts off as a pretty good friend to Lennie , but eventually turns his back on him.To me the most moving scene in the novel was when Lennie was hiding in the brush and he invisions his Aunt Clara and a rabbit telling Lennie how he betrayed George by what he did to Curleys wife.I feel that John Steinbeck 's purpose in the book is to show that even your closest friends can turn their backs on you.I learned , from this novel , that human nature is hard to deal with when you lose a close friend by backstabbing and betrayal.This novel reminds me of the time I lost a close friend from arugments , backstabbing and arugments.My overall feelings for this book are that , it is a great book to read . Even though it is kind of short , you get a lot out of it . You mainly learn about good and bad friendship . I strongly reccomend this book to anyone .
 After being chased from one job , George and Lennie find themselves alongside the road walking to their next job . Day after day George takes care of his friend Lennie who is a monstrous man with a mental illness . Lennie can hardly remember but one thing and that is the rabbits he hopes to tend.The hard times that George and Lennie have earning the little bit they can is hard enough , let alone this novel is during the Great Depression . The struggles they have can pull you into the novel . Would this novel be as good as it is if Lennie did not have a mental illness?I feel that this novel would not be the novel it is without the illness Lennie has . when George and Lennie get to their next job there are all kinds of things that are waiting to get them in trouble . First they show up late to work because of the bus driver , then they meet a small man that has an attitude whose name is Curley . Then Curley 's wife comes around . She is a big flirt that catches Lennie 's eyes . Lennie has a problem keeping his hands off of pretty soft things . These two people alone cause George and Lennie the most trouble . On the other hand George is able to become friends and gain trust with another worker named Slim.Being the way that Lennie is Curley finds some way to pick a fight with him . This creates some tension within the novel . Then when things seemed to be settled down Lennie finds himself in the barn talking to Curley 's wife . If Lennie had enough sense he would not have gotten into a struggle with her . Because of this Lennie and George find themselves in the same situation they were in before . George finally realizes that this ca n't go on any longer and has to do something himself.I find this to be a very excellent novel to read . The characters are very likable and you can become easily attached . Without Lennie being the way he is this novel would just be some novel about two guys that worked on a farm . Lennie 's character makes this novel as memorable as it is .
 Great Book ! Keeps you focused and entertained . Classic ending , Climax of the story is thrilling , hits you when you least expected it . . Great Plot , Great Character descriptions , you feel in touch with the characters and feel their every emotion ! A Must Read ! I could n't stop reading ... You TOO will enjoy it !
 The intensity and reality of the emotions in Of Mice and Men had me smiling , laughing , blushing , and crying in my chair . The simple and easy-to-understand storyline makes the reader look deeper to find the true meaning . Though somewhat unappropriate for younger children , older children , teens , and adults can all enjoy this book to its full potential .
 This is an icredible novel . The story was slow-paced , but filled with action . The characters - George , Lenny , Curly , Curly 's wife , and so one - were interesting and there was even an element of suspense . The book ends with a very emotional scene that may anger or sadden you . Either way , John Steinbeck created a literary masterpiece .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was written about a young man who had mental problems and struggled through life . The scene of the book was in the country , were Lennie , the main charecter , looked for jobs with his friend George to make money and fufil there dreams . George would look after Lennie and keep him out of trouble . People were n't to social with lennie because of his mental disorder , they thought he was stupid , and caused troubles . It was a struggle for Lennie to get by and stay out of trouble , and ended up in a tragic ending . I recomend this book to any one who likes to read . This book made me want to give any one a chance and dont judge a book by its cover .
 Not much more can be said about John Steinbeck 's novel ` Of Mice and Men ' , that has n't already been said . The book portrays the classic struggle to achieve the American Dream , and while watching ` American Beauty ' I found numerous parallels to ` Of Mice and Men ' . The main characters in both of these works struggle with the status quo , and end up dying because they are unable to conform . ` American Beauty ' , in my opinion , is a modern day ` Of Mice and Men ' , showing the confusion and strife of middle class , white-collar life , instead of the struggle of the lower class , blue collar life portrayed in Steinbeck 's novel . The industrialization and growth of the middle class since the baby-boomers of the 50 's has brought our country towards a more suburban life . However , we constantly thrive to be more than we actually are , as reflected in American Beauty . A family tries to live at a higher than possible standard , and ends up falling apart . While Steinbeck 's novel reflects the opposite , the underpriveleged class trying to live at a simple level , both works are the same story , told at different times and with different circumstances . The two works present us with a common theme
 The book really mean something to me . it tells me that goal are set by many people . Geogre and Lennie had a magnificant goal . They strived to achive it . Lennie was my favorite character . he made me realize that we are all people and we need to have goals .
 I had to read this book in my 8th grade class and as always I thought it would be another boring book , but I was wrong . Once I started reading , I could n't stop . It 's mainly about friendship between 2 men and all the good and bad times they both go through together . The ending is sad but it is totally worth reading it . And after you do , you HAVE to see the movie ! It 's 10 times more better and is somewhat more interesting .
 I loved of Mice and Men . The relationship between George and Lennie has a very special meaning . The twists and turns of the story kept me on the edge of my seat . I could n't put it down .
 This is Steinbeck 's classic novelette about two itinerate farm workers in central California , George Milton and Lennie Small . George serves as the `` guide '' or father-figure for the simpleminded , large , and strong Lennie . Both have dreams of having their own place and farm ; but , tragedy stops them . As they reach for their dream , they are denied -LRB- `` The best laid schemes o ' mice and men Gang aft a gley , '' Robert Burns , 1785 -RRB- . George finds that he is so attached to Lennie that he ca n't let the mob get to him . He discovers that it is his terrible task to free Lennie by the only means available to him . Steinbeck gained national prominance with this work with its beautiful use of language and its realistic portrayal of itinerate farm workers in the 1930s . He was awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Literature . It is one of the major works of literature of the twentieth century .
 The Great Depression in the 1930s continues to be regarded as the worst trauma of twentieth century America , and its scars are still felt to this day . If not for anything else , John Steinbeck will probably be regarded as the greatest chronicler of this cataclysm . OF MICE AND MEN is arguably one of the best novels about the hardships of the poor during this time.Lennie and George , a pair of drifters , represent brain and braun , respectively . Caught in the whirlpool of economic collapse , the two go from job to job , taking work whenever and wherever they can find it . Along the way , and especially at the farm that is at the center of the book 's action , the pair encounter violence , racism , ignorance , selfishness , and a host of other tragic qualities among the poor that are compelled to fight tooth and nail for survival . Steinbeck certainly is not blaming the poor ; rather , he is saying that this is what men will resort to when denied good , decent work . And , ultimately , OF MICE AND MEN has given us a glimpse into this tragic time . A highly recommended book .
 Deceptively short and simply written , John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' actually offers any reader quite a lot to think about . The relationship between the two main characters highlights a number of issues relating to the themes of mental illness and friendship . The story takes place in Depression-era California . Lennie is a very large , strong man , but not too bright . He does n't have a mean bone in his body , but because he fails to comprehend his own strength , he frequently does harm to others without meaning to . He loves to pet soft things , like mice and rabbits and puppies , and then becomes distraught when they die , not understanding that he has been too rough with them . Lennie 's companion is the brains of the pair , a small man by the name of George . He fills the role of both caretaker and friend to Lennie , and does his best to keep him out of trouble , though he does n't always succeed.The two men are traveling laborers , moving around as the availability of work dictates . To keep Lennie motivated and obedient , George pacifies him with stories of a future bright with luxury and free from worry . They 'll buy a small farm , he tells his avid companion , and live off the fat of the land . They 'll have their own crops and their own livestock , and go to shows whenever they feel like it . And if Lennie stays out of trouble , he can even have some rabbits of his own to take care of . Captivated by this vision , Lennie does his honest best to obey George and avoid doing anything that might jeopardize their dream . But his best just is n't good enough , and just when their plans look like they might actually be falling into place , Lennie makes the biggest bungle of all , leaving George with an extremely hard decision to make.One of the social problems Steinbeck seems to be commenting on here is the place of the mentally ill or impaired in society . What was their place at this point in time ? Did they even have a place ? This story makes it clear that there really were n't many avenues open to the mentally ill at the time . They could be institutionalized , but such places had little merit during the 1930s , when mental illness was not yet really understood . Patients were treated little , if at all , better than criminals . The other option would be for such people to try to get along in the outside world of `` normal '' people , as Lennie does . When Lennie 's Aunt Clara dies , he is left with no family and so falls in with George , who becomes his new guardian . But the outside world is no more understanding of Lennie 's handicaps than the doctors of the time , and provides countless pitfalls of its own.The other major theme of the story is friendship . What is true friendship ? To what extent does one have responsibility to a friend , and what does this responsibility entail ? This is something George must struggle with every day . He feels obligated to care for Lennie and help keep him out of trouble , though he clearly realizes that his own life would be far simpler if he were on his own . In the end , when Lennie commits the ultimate , irredeemable blunder , George must sort through this inner conflict to decide what is best for both of them . Should he continue to protect his companion , or should he save his own skin ? And if he chooses to put Lennie 's best interests first , what course of action would be the most just ? The conclusion he arrives at is both intricately complex and , in another light , quite obviously simple at the same time.Aside from these two overriding themes , Steinbeck also gives us glimpses into other issues of the time , among them racism and labor conditions . On the farm where the bulk of the story takes place , one of the characters is a black stable hand . Nicknamed `` Crooks '' because of his crooked back , this man is estranged from the rest of the workers -LRB- all white -RRB- . The only one who fails to comprehend why Crooks should be treated any differently than anyone else is Lennie , whose simple mind does n't grasp the idea of racism . We also see what life was like for Depression-era vagrants , moving from place to place in search of work . The living conditions were not ideal -LRB- though those in this story are far from the worst imaginable -RRB- , the food provided often lacked proper nourishment , and employers could treat their hired help in just about any way they pleased . After all , the laborers were lucky to find any paying work at all . Even if they did n't like the conditions , where else could they go?I 'd definitely recommend this book to any reader . Though times have changed somewhat , the issues Steinbeck comments on are still very relevant today . The ideas presented in `` Of Mice and Men '' are many and deep , and much time can -LRB- and should -RRB- be spent contemplating them , but the book remains very accessible . It is a very short story , and can easily be read in one day . The style of writing is simple and direct , while retaining detail and a startling depth of feeling . However , it is by no means a feel-good story , so do n't read this one at a time when you 're already down in the dumps . While the ending has a very nice sense of resolution , and one is left feeling that George made the best decision he could under the circumstances -LRB- or , at least , this is the feeling I was left with -RRB- , it is still rather depressing .
 Of Mice and Men is truly a masterpiece . John Steinbeck does it again . This is a story about a mentally retarded man who travels around with his friend . They go to a ranch and a lot of things go amiss . I do n't want to give it away . The way Steinbeck wrote this book was very powerful and meaningful . There is definitely a strong message buried into the pages of this tragic novelization . If you 're looking for a well-written , to the point book , you should buy Of Mice and Men .
 In `` Of mice and men '' there are two main characters . George , the small and smart one . And Lennie the big , strong and dumb one . These two lifelong friends travel around looking for work.They both just lost their jobs because of Lennie 's bad behavior . Now , they have got new jobs and George are vigorously trying to keep Lenny out of trouble . Lennie does not get into trouble intentionally , but he is so retarded that he doesnt understand much , this leads to a number of incidents . The story of the book is good because it has many unexpected twists and turns.Especially @ the end when George does what he do . Recommended to people who like reading short novels and generally like good books .
 While I ca n't stand it when writer 's use the Lord 's name in vain , I think John Steinbeck was without a doubt one of the greatest writers ever . He has the unique ability to say a LOT with a small amount of words in one paragraph , and in the very next paragragh say a little with a LOT of words . This novel should be read by anyone wanting to master the craft of writing . Steinbeck delivers every time . I ca n't think of any bad writing he has done ... Can you?God Bless!www.therunninggirl.com
 Of Mice and Men is the story of two men - George and Lennie . George is small and smart , and George is big and mentally challenged . George and Lennie are about to start working on a new farm ; they had to leave a previous farm because Lennie got in `` some trouble '' . Lennie has a preoccupation with things soft and pretty , which lands him in pretty big trouble.This book did n't immediately draw me in from the beginning . I thought the beginning was rather monotonous , but the pace quickly picks up when George and Lennie arrive on the farm . I found that this book is a beautiful portrayal of human compassion . George says that his life would be much better without Lennie , and perhaps it would be , but still you can tell that he cares very much for the gentle giant.George is n't the only example of `` human compassion '' . You have Carlson who 's probably on the extreme uncaring end . He 's one of those people who feels that a life is n't valuable anymore once you 're of no use . There 's also Slim who 's very kindhearted . He believes that you can tell if a person is good or not just from their manner of acting . Then , there 's Crooks-the cynical stable hand-who likes to believe in the worse of men rather than the best.Also , Steinbeck did a very good job getting his point across using mostly dialogue . There is precious little description in this book , but that 's okay because most of the emotion of the story is conveyed through dialogue .
 there is a scene in this book that has affected the way I look at life ever since reading it . the lesson steinbeck would like readers to understand is displayed in the early scene where a worker 's dog must be put to death . the man loves his dog and faithful companion like no one else on this earth , and when the dog is so old he is suffering all the time , the man is too weak to carry out the painful deed of killing his best friend to ease his suffering . the man has someone else take the dog out to a field to shoot him , and he feels guilty because his best friend had to look into a stranger 's eyes while meeting his death . he failed to uphold his responsibility to the dog - who was unfailingly faithful to him.this lesson is echoed in the final climactic scene in the novel between two men
 Lennie Small is too strong for his own good . He is not a very intelligent person -LRB- everyone says he 's stupid -RRB- , and understands very little of what goes on around him . If it were n't for his friend George , who travels with him , Lennie would have a very difficult time functioning in society . In fact , he has that problem already . His strength is a danger to him , because sometimes he harms things without understanding what he 's doing . For example , he 's always crushing mice to death , and he even does this with a puppy . Lennie is innocent and would never intentionally harm anyone , but his stupidity and his strength are a very potentially harmful combination.This book raises an interesting question
 Of mice and man by John Steinbeck was published in 1939 . The story takes place in the salinas valley , california , during the Great Depression . The drought inthe Great Plain forces them move to the west.The people who move to the west are called migrant workers.Our characters , Lennie and George , are migrant workers too . They are the only people who work together that make them not become lonely because they have each other to look after . Lennie is a huge man with a weak mind and Gerge is small with strong thoughts . Both are totally different people . Lennie always cause problems that let George get in trouble.Lennie does n't know how to control his power that made him kill many mice , than the pup.The troubles are getting larger and larger . who will he kill next?I give this book five stars because it is a very good book for me to learn English . I learned many vocabulary words but most important thing I learned i sabout friendship . Friends need to help eachother and they both did . Friendship are not easy to maintain in a good status .
 ... P > The best laid plans of mice and men oft go awry and many times it is due to the uncontrollable longing that nearly everyone has to belong somewhere , to have something we can call our own . We can say too that our failures may be due to a state of mind or the wish to fill an endlessly yawning hole in the psyche . Inner loneliness often drives us in our several directions towards fulfillment . For drifters like George and Candy , it 's a little piece of land that beckons ; for Lennie , it 's something soft and close -- a dead mouse , a puppy , a piece of velvet . For Curley 's wife , that ultimate destination was love , attention , and recognition ; for Crooks , respect and justice . In OF MICE AND MEN , nobody gets what they want . The novel , like life , is an unmitigated tragedy and we are our own worst enemies.This is an American classic in the real sense of the word . Though Bob Dylan 's verses may not be totally precise in summing up the story , they certainly sum up my mood after putting down OF MICE AND MEN . `` Nobody tried to say a word , when they carried him out in jest . Except of course the little neighbor boy , who carried him to rest . And he just walked along alone , with his guilt so well concealed . Muttering underneath his breath , `` Nothing is revealed . '' Amen
 this novel is just great and emotional . The ending is what makes the book great , its undescrible , because you can feel somehow that the whole story is real life . it is a tragedy .
 For George and Lennie , living during the Depression is hard . In the book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck , George and Lennie are two migrant workers in the South . George is small and smart , and Lennie is a large and limited man , who does not know his own strength . When they have trouble at their ranch , George and Lennie are forced to make a run for it and start new somewhere else . They always find hope in their dream of owning their own land one day and farming together . At the next ranch they begin to work and meet many interesting characters , including the flirtatious wife of one of the farmers . Then , Lennie finds himself in trouble , and the book comes to an unfortunate end ... This book is a classic because it teaches you the value of companionship . Although George and Lennie have almost nothing , they do have each other . Just over 100 pages , this book is a quick read . It involves other characters , such as Candy and Curley , and does a great job of describing these men 's personalities . I enjoyed this book very much , and I would recommend it to everyone because it teaches a great life lesson .
 Of Mice and Men is an incredible story from then american south west . It tells the story of George Milton and Lennie Small ' two travelers looking for work on ranches.George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' while Lennie is big and bulky . George is the more dominant person because he is the smarter person . Lennie needs George because he is mentally handicap . They both have the same goal
 John Steinbeck was a pure genius to write `` Of Mice and Men . '' He incoporates so many aspects it is hard to keep up , even though the book is just 107 pages long . Steinbeck developed the characters very well , but pay close attention to the little details.The two main characters in `` Of Mice and Men '' are George Milton and Lennie Small . George is a short guy , but compared to Lennie he is brilliant . George works hard and takes care of Lennie . On the other hand , Lennie is the opposite of his last name . Lennie is huge , but inarticulate . George and Lennie wander from farms throughout central California looking for blue collar , manual labor.I read this book twice , and the second time I read it , I underlined all passages containing phrases that concern light and dark . I suggest you do the same , and you will notice a side of the book you may not catch if you quickly skim this book .
 i 'm a high school student , one who does n't normally read `` classics '' -LRB- if this could be called one , i 'm not sure , after all , i do n't READ EM , usually -RRB- , last year in 11th grade english i was n't doing so well , so i had to do some extra credit reading , and i chose of mice and men from a list of 19 other , less appealing books . I never got around to reading it until the next year however , which i guess was better since , i like reading on my own accord , rather than for school . I 'm a stubborn person like that . Its a short read , about 120 pages , i think . I thought since i had to buy the book , i might as well read it , i can get it in one sitting , and be done with it . With titles like `` east of eden '' and `` grapes of wrath '' , i really did n't think i 'd like it , i mean `` east of eden '' is in oprahs book club , and everything about oprah 's show disgusts me . Before you judge me , on that statement on oprah , keep in mind i 'm a 16 year old , a kid . But back to the point , i read the story.What really scared me about the book -LRB- before i read it -RRB- was that it is required reading for some american literature classes . And from my experiences , english classes , have done nothing but to scare people away from books , that all good books , are just complex masses of hard-to-get symbols , metaphors , imagery , blah blah blah.So thats what i went into the book expecting , to be confused the whole way through because of my inadequate reading skills . But since it was so short , i thought i 'd survive at least . The first page and the half of the second page , was describing the landscape , which started to scare me . But once the characters were introduced , it was loads easier to get through . What caught me was that the dog character from looney tunes , the one that always gets fooled by the squirrel hes supposed to chase , sounded alot like lennie `` which way did he go , george ? which way did he go ? '' , you should know what i mean.What i really liked about the book was how human it was , especially in a negative sense . Being somewhat of an misanthrope -LRB- not REALLY , but i 'm not exactly the most optimistic person ever -RRB- , i enjoyed steinbeck 's crack on human nature . Lennie , being too small-minded to use his own judgement , of whats right or wrong , what 'll help or harm , whats too much or too little , what to be scared of , what to do , relies on other people 's wills , in a mother-son , father-son kind of way . But since , it is an grown man -LRB- a STRONG man -RRB- , the problems of his dependence on others are much more serious -LRB- such as murder -RRB- . Just read it , its only about 8 dollars , if you do n't like it , then its not that much of a loss , but if you give it a chance , on your time , rather than because of a school assignment , you 'll probably like it .
 Life was hard and times were no joke in the economically blighted cities and wind-blasted rural areas that marked a Depression era America . Whatever joy most Americans grasped for seemed to be just beyond their collective reaches . In OF MICE AND MEN John Steinbeck portrays a people who are just as blighted as the land on which they trod . Lennie Small and George Milton are two migrants who are forced to wander the midwest in search of the American Dream , which , to them , meant a place of their own . Each recognizes that this dream will , in all likelihood , remain just that , an evanescent will-o-the-wisp that leaves them with little else but to talk about it . Many times in the novel , the huge but retarded Lennie asks George , a smallish but bright thinker , to rhapsodize about their future . To George , their American Dream is a place where no one can throw them out . To Lennie , it is a place where he can raise rabbits . And it is not only Lennie and George who reach out for the unobtainable . It is arguable that nearly everyone else has their own competing dreams , with the same chance of success as Lennie and George have -- none at all . The ranch hands where Lennie and George find roustabout jobs are the hopeless in search of the unobtainable . Candy is a one-armed elderly worker who seeks security for his old age . Crooks is a proud black worker who searches for racial equality in an age that did not know the term . Curley is a nastily pugnacious man who spends most of the scenes in which he appears in a hopeless and helpless Holy Grail search for his wife who spends an equal amount of time staying out of his way . And then there is Curley 's wife , who is so bereft of identity that Steinbeck chooses not even to give her a name . She wanders the book like a meandering Eve , seeking only to disrupt the ordered lives of the men around her . In her search for meaning to her life , she collides with a corresponding search by Lennie for meaning in his . When she places Lennie 's unthinking paws on her hair and dress , Lennie panics and unthinkingly stifles her , setting off a chain of events that forces George to play with Lennie 's dream of a rabbit warren as a tearfully tragic prelude to ending that dream . In OF MICE AND MEN , Steinbeck catches not only the gritty edginess of political and emotional instability that then was ripping apart the social fabric of a pre-World War II America , he was also telling a timeless tale that suggests that for dreams to transform to reality , those dreamers had better leave the world of dreams long enough to weigh the balance of cost versus benefit . For Lennie , for Curley 's wife , the price was way too high .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a beautifully crafted short novel concerning the relationship between two migrant workers from the 1930s . The first character , Lennie , has quite severe learning difficulties and relies heavily on his friend George . Lennie is very strong and this in itself gets him into all sorts of problems . George has to come to Lennie 's aid on a regular basis as a result of him getting into trouble through misinterpretations of his actions and a naviety of his own strength.Genuinely moving , the reader can not fail to build up a great empathy with the lead characters ; less so with the other figures that appear in the book - despite each one having their own set of problems.Steinbeck does a tremendous job of conveying his story to the reader , and it would be a person with a heart made of stone that would not be moved by the story 's conclusion.An excellent read for older children and adults of all ages . Highly recommended .
 Aside from its stature as a classic of American literature and a masterwork of one of the 20th century 's most significant writers , there is a reason why OF MICE AND MEN is an ubiquitous part of high school literature courses . This novella follows the structure of Fiction Writing 101 perfectly
 The themes of man 's inhumanity to man , the nature of friendship , and labor vs management all come shining through in this touching classic . A few reviewers worried that the book may be a little tough for children under fourteen to handle ; ironically , this is a true testament to this book 's enduring impact on American culture . It is too late to worry about really young children `` reading '' this story , because if they grew up in America watching the Saturday morning cartoons , they have already watched the movie version of OF MICE AND MEN several hundred times . That 's right . Warner Brothers cartoons frequently paired a big , strong , dumb character with a little pipsqueek who comically controls him , slaps him around , or takes care of him . The little guy is `` the Boss . '' They got that routine straight from Steinbeck 's novel . If you want examples , the most recent one is probably Pinkie and the Brain , but they have done it for years with cats , dogs , wolves , and zoot-suited gangsters . The big ox-like one is almost always stumbling into and accidentally smacking the -LSB- heck -RSB- out of the little boss in his eagerness to pursue the prey , often Bugs Bunny . `` Which way did he go ? Which way did he go ? The wittle wabbit , I want to hug him and squeeze him , and hug him . '' `` Shaddup ! '' Slap !
 I enjoyed this book and i think that most people would enjoy reading about the hardships , struggles , hopes and dreams of two men during the great depression . After reading this book I felt a greater appreciation for the people who lived during this time . The book was very inspirational tome . I loved how the book made you connect with the two characters , George and Lennie , and thier hopes for the future . This book was short in text but huhe in emotions and feelings of all the charchters . Although some times I will admit that the book exaggerated the sensitivity of the character Lennie the book was still good in the fact the plot made sense with a cast of realistic characters . The ending of the book is a real life ending that was n't far fetched . They made the events believable which causedmany emotions to stir inside you anger , fear , suspense , sorrow , and happines just to name a few . You really connect with the book . That 's why I highly recommend this book .
 The two main charaters are George and Lennie , they travel together to work , they do n't have a home or anyplace that belongs to them but they are different from other migrant workers because they have eachother . They always have a dream that buy a farm that belongs to them and Lennie want to pet many different kind of rabbits.George is a small and quick man Lennie is a huge man , like a bear , but he had a small mind that cause him always get into troubles make George and him move around to escape . Later they work inside a farm in soladad and they meet many other migrant workers , these workers are different than George and Lennie that they always lonely do n't have any friends with them and they just move around to work in many other farms then get their moneys and spend all their moneys in `` cat house '' . Lennie is a trouble maker that he still gets some troubles in this farm . What troubles that Lennie get into ? Will George and Lennie make their dream come true ? read this book find out yourself then!I recommend this book because it makes me feel how the characters in this book feel , the migrant workers loneliness and the dream they wish for . It interests me make me want to know what will happen at the end of the story so i give it 5 stars !
 A few miles south of soledad , the salinas River drops in close to the hillside bank and runs dep and green . There were two guys names George and Lennie who were walking on the path . They both were dressed in denim trousers and denim coats with brass buttons . Both were black , shapless hats . Lennie was a strong man and has a young child 's mind , while George is small , and has a boney nose . They were going to soledad to work and live on the ranch . When they get enough money they will live-off-the-fatta the lan ' . I like this book a lot , because it has a lot of adventures , and a lot of excitement in the book . I will recommend this book to the world , becuase I think they will like it a lot , and they will share it with everybody they know about it uniqueness of writing and emotion John Steinbeck put into this . I give the book 5 stars because this book is so good that I do n't want to let it go .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' was about two friends George and Lennie , who are the main characters . Both were traveling in southern California looking for work . While traveling they would have quite an adventure . One of the major problems between the two is that Lennie is simple-minded and touching things , like women , and their clothes . Lennie had no control over what he did sometimes . He would do things like tell other people about George and his future plans about buying their own house . Of the two I liked George.George is very short-tempered . He would yell at Lennie and hit him to make him remember and understand things he would tell Lennie . When they were at the river in the beginning George was scolding Lennie about not drinking water that was n't running and when in trouble to come back by the river and hide in the bushes . Lennie was no smart man , but he tried to listen to George . I remember I would sometimes yell at my little brother because he would do things he had been told not to , but did anyway , like going outside without asking for permission . My little brother was n't dumb but just would n't listen sometimes . I would yell at him not to be mean , but for his own good . Just like George is to Lennie.After reading this book I thought it was good . Good because of how the author started and ended George and Lennie at the same place , which was unique . The two friends were in a forest with different types of animals and a river and at the end they came back because Lennie got into big trouble and went to go a hide . The most interesting part was when Curley and Lennie were fighting . At first , Lennie was getting beattened pretty badly and then all of a sudden Lennie let out his anger . Having a child-like mind Lennie was unaware of his powerful strength . The only part I did n't like of the book was of how Lennie talks about rabbits too many times . That is what I would change about the book if I were the author.Since I like the book I would like others to read it as well . This kind of a book applies to all . It can also teach kids that they can be friends with anyone no matter what kind of a person they are .
 I like a variety of authors including this one . His writing is up to the point and dramatic , funny and sad . This book is great for anyone.PS-It will make a few more of those old Cartoon jokes make more sense ; -RRB-
 I picked up Of Mice and Men because it was short and I figured that I could read a good book in a small amount of time . The book turned out to be as expected if not better . I think that it is possible to get as much if not more sometimes out of a short book like this one . The book kept me involved in the plot all the way till the end . The ending made the book very good , but you will have to read it for yourself to get that satisfaction !
 This book was different from other books because it 's themes were not usual and it had a very strange development . The themes it treated were loneliness , violence , dreams and authority . Each of this themes were very well developed by the author . The characters had a very important part in the book , even the ones which were not principal treated the themes in a very deep way . For example Curley 's wife who developed the theme , dreams , showed the importance of them . How she was so full of hopes and wishes and in the end although she did n't achieve them she had still the HOPE she would . The principal characters were George and Lennie . George is an inteligent and small character who travels along with Lennie . Lennie is huge and mentaly retarded . In the book he represents the theme dreams and violence . Both George and Lennie have a big dreams , to have a house , a couple of acres , a cow , a pig and for Lennie , to pet some rabbits . Then Candy , another character , became part of there dream.This book is dealing with the life of itinerary workers , there loneliness and life . It shows life in a real but awful way . This book made me realize how inocent and lonely people raelly are .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is one of Steinbeck 's best . It captures you and wo n't allow you to set it down until all is done . I found it completely enjoying considering it did n't take hours to read . George and his simple-minded friend Lennie cling to each other to support their loneliness . George and Lennie found themselves running from the other ranch because of Lennie . The word of a ranch in Salinas Valley was looking for work , the two find it an answer to their prayers . They travel to this ranch in hopes of a job , and a new life . They two have a dream to have a place of their own , one that they can call home . When something goes terribly wrong the workers find themselves looking for jobs elsewhere , and several men 's dreams are shattered . This book captures Steinbeck 's great theme , and portrays the single idea of the common bonds of humanity , and love . This is what makes goodness and happiness possible . I believe this is the book that I have most enjoyed reading . It has allowed me to express my joys and my sorrows . The story touches me , for I have experienced sadness , and loss , and you too will also feel the same when you are touched by the book `` Of Mice and Men ''
 I was in 9th grade when i read this book for the first time and i was very impressed . In my opinion this book is one of the finest books ever written by an american author -LRB- Steinbeck -RRB- . It takes place in the early 1900 's where 2 friends find a job helping out on a farm . They meet several interesting people there and run in to some problems . Throughout this movie they are in search of what they refer to as the fat of the land or the american dream . All around this was a great book and i highly recomend it to anyone who has n't yet read it .
 This book goes back to the depression . It takes you in to the mind of the charaters and you fall in love with them and hate them for things they have done . you can understand once you have read the book it is a great book . p , leasse take the time to read it . If you do n't fall in love with this book than I have borded wiith this review.If they done take you with them then see the move it is almost the same as the book . Reaad this wonderful book yoou 'll love it.Danielle
 Of mice and men it 's about two friends who work in a ranch in Salinas Valley . George and his simple-minded friend Lennie share a dream . It 's to have a place where they can have animals like , rabits . In the ranch they pass through some problems . Lennie , the simple-minded , break the hand of the boss 's son , Curley . It 's a very discripted book , this make it boring some times . But it have a lot of action , there are fights , murders , etc. . It 's an intresting thriller book . You wo n't set down untill it 's finished .
 Of Mice an Men is a great novel . It sends you back in time to the Great Depression era of the 1930 's . It is a good book for middle school students . The reason I gave this book four stars is because of the profane languange used in the book . Except for the language , this book is a great book to read .
 This book was the greatest book I ever read . It tells about two friends sticking together , working together to a dream , and it was very heart warming
 I have read `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck ; a great and interesting story . This story takes place in Salinas , California . The setting includes a dusty ranch with a broken-down farm , bunk house along with an array of characters who are very different in their own way but somehow have to cohabitate with each other in order to survive on the ranch . The time period that this story took place was in the 1930 's during the Great Depression . The two main characters introduced in this novel were Lennie Small and George Milton . George is a very small man and smart but Lennie is big and retarded . The main idea `` Of Mice and Men '' is two men on continuous adventures to seek jobs and new lives and to fulfill their dream.Lennie was the type of person who loves rabbits and soft things which starts alot of conflicts . Whenever Lennie would get in trouble , George would try to get Lennie out of trouble and in the story , Lennie seem to start many problems . On page 8 , `` that mouse ai n't fresh , Lennie ; and besides you 've broke it pettin ' it '' . -LRB- Says George talking about Lennie killing the mouse -RRB- -LRB- Steinbeck page 8 -RRB- . I would recommend this novel to 8th graders or above because this novel contains alot of profanity and I feel that 8th graders and above can be very mature . I feel that if you read `` Of Mice and Men '' , you can visualize of how life was like in the Great Depression . I love this book and I believe that you will love it too !
 `` Of Mice and Men '' was first published in 1937 and has been adapted for the stage and screen . It 's set in mid-1930s California and opens beside the Salinas river , a few miles outside Soledad . The book focuses on Lennie and George , a pair of migrant workers who earn a living on the state 's farms . George is the dominant character of the pair , as Lennie is n't quite capable of looking after himself properly . Although big and strong , he has a poor memory , panics easily and does n't always understand what 's happening around him . All he wants out of life is to have his own farm with George , look after some rabbits and `` live of the fatta the lan ' '' . As the book opens , the pair are on their way to a new job ; they had to leave their previous job and go on the run after Lennie was -LRB- falsely -RRB- accused to rape . Things do n't go smoothly for the pair when they arrive at their new place of work . It 's clear that the farm owner 's son , Curley , and his wife are going to be the source of a great deal of trouble . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a very short book - a great deal shorter and much easier than I 'd expected . I had a great deal of sympathy for Lennie , who was based on a real person
 a book that made me put tear stains on the book.About a big stupid man and a quick sharp-witted guy , looking for a good , happy way to live.Both have ambitions for a farm , except it keeps on slipping away from their grasp.It 's great , but I gave it 4 stars.I have a feeling that about 1 out of 3rd of the book are details explaining the world around them.Goes veeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrry slow .
 By far , one of the best books ever written . I felt as if I was in the book taking part of the adventure . John Steinbeck has made it clear that he is among the elite writers in the margin between William Shakespeare and Edgar Allan Poe.The feeling you get is indescribable when you read this book . The story of when George and Lennie will have their own land , and Lennie could finally raise rabbits - just gives you your own sense of liberty.Please , if you are sensitive and/or depressed , be aware . This book is great , but very depressing .
 `` Of Mice and Men `` In this story there are two very good friends , George and Lennie . They are on a journey for a better life . Lennie is mentally ill so George teaches him right from wrong on the way . They are leaving a little town and going to another town in search of a better job . Several of Lennie 's habits get then fired from their last job so they hope that they will have better luck in the next one . Lennie makes quite a few mistakes but no matter what George manages to over look them until Lennie makes a very big mistake which leads to a SHOCKING ending .
 First published in 1937 , this masterpiece of the Twentieth Century still resonates strongly today . The book is ostensibly the story of two men 's friendship , but the themes which Steinbeck explores extend much further than is normal for a book of only one hundred or so pages . Hope , fear , love , justice , and friendship are all touched upon by Steinbeck 's flowing prose . In addition , Steinbeck touches upon subjects which still impact on modern society to this day ; racism and sexism . The book is also interesting for its representation of agricultural life in 1930s California.The story offers the reader a fly on the wall 's perspective as the two main protagonists , George and Lennie , take up their new jobs on a ranch in California 's Salinas Valley . George is small and quick-witted , while Lennie is large and simple-minded . George tries his best to look after Lennie and to keep him out of harm 's way and Lennie rewards him with loyalty . In the end though , George is unsuccessful in his attempts at helping Lennie avoid trouble and Steinbeck leaves it up to the reader to consider the consequences of this failure.In ` Of Mice and Men ' Steinbeck experiments with a genre of his own creation ; the play / novelette . With this knowledge in mind , the book takes on a different aspect and the descriptions and dialogues appear to have been written with the stage in mind . This is just one example of how Steinbeck 's mastery of literature becomes apparent upon reading this book.This book deserves to be read ; for Steinbeck 's hard-hitting prose and his use of realistic dialogue , and also for his classic exploration of what friendship means .
 + + + + + This novella , by Nobel Prize winner John Steinbeck -LRB- 1902 to 1968 -RRB- , was first published in the world when it was in the grips of the Great -LRB- Economic -RRB- Depression -LRB- that began in 1929 and lasted through most of the 1930s -RRB- . This dark tale presents a human world that contains jealousy , cruelty , loneliness , rootlessness , poverty , and shattered dreams . It is a parable about two men , George and Lennie , striving for a better life ; who long for self respect , independence , freedom , and work that they enjoy.Lennie is a mentally deficient but a big , strong man who has a childlike innocence and is fascinated with soft things . George , who travels with him , is his protector . The only thing that they have is each other . George explains
 Ahhh , literature , that type of thing that is good and great but then is forced to be read in a high school classroom and thus ruins it for everybody ... No , indeed , this book is really great . What I find most compelling about it is that Steinbeck has not only a great understanding of who his characters are , he has a lot of sympathy for all of them , even the unsympathetic ones like Curley and his wife . All told , this is a loving , caring shoutout to those lost individuals who found themselves in the era with no real property and no real future , which back then did not make them men.I reread this recently after several years , remembering I had read it in high school , and I must say I enjoyed it much more the second time around , being able to just immerse in the story and allow Steinbeck 's rich imagery to flow without picking it apart . Hopefully more people use this approach , because it deserves at least a first reading on its own terms and not an instructor 's . -- PolarisDiB
 Of Mice and Men follows two men in their pursuits through the Great Depression . One of the men , George , is the average quick-witted man . His traveling partner , Lennie , is beyond kind and only has the best intentions in mind , but is mentally challenged and has an ogre-esque build . He represents the innocence of man , but even though his intentions are for the best they often create trouble . Lennie and George are in search of work , so they become ranch hands at a farm . They desire the same dream as most Americans at this time , the American Dream . They wish to own a small farm , work for themselves , raise animals , and `` live off the fatta the land '' . This novel follows two men in through evil , innocence , death , corruption , loneliness , companionship , strength and weakness.America was founded on opportunity . Early Americans emigrated from different countries for work , religion , freedom from war , and several other reasons . The poverty stricken was in search of land and wealth . George and Lennie only wanted to own a piece of land and `` tend the rabbits '' . All that mattered to them was being self sufficient and have the joys of life . They were in search of opportunity , just as Americans are still in search of today .
 John Steinbeck tells this timeless story , entitled Of Mice and Men , of two fiends who are going from one farming job to another . One of the main characters , Lennie , is mentally retarded and is taken car of by George , the other main character . The two ca n't keep a job , because of Lennie 's illness . He does n't know how strong he is , and he 's very strong , so when he gets mad he inflicts pain upon others , without meaning to . In the climax of the book , Lennie does something that is unchangeable , unwonted , and unforgivable . Steinbeck leaves you off with a jaw-dropping , tear jerking ending.The descriptive writing , the shocking ending , and the wonderful characters have you on the edge of your seat until the end .
 Favor # 1
 I think Gary Sinise 's reading of Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' is outstanding ! He brings each of the characters to life for the listener . It 's truly amazing how he can drift from one character to another so easily , keeping the dialogue moving so naturally . The story itself is wonderful . Steinbeck was a very visual writer - describing characters and places in such a way that you actually feel like you have met the characters and visited the places .
 Steinbeck deserves a standing ovation for this book . It tells so much in so few pages . It 's a tale about two laborers working at a ranch to merely have something to eat . It quickly becomes more complicated than that , as Lennie - the slow-minded giant - proposes an idea
 This was the most touching and wonderful book I have ever read . I totally loved everything about it . The characters are wonderful and you grow to love them . It is so sad though ! But that makes it good ! I would recommend this book to absolutely everyone !
 Of Mice & Men chronicles the relationship between two men , Lennie and George , particularly the dream they are pursuing , `` To live off the fatta the land , '' and the special friendship they share and lose . The story combines American history along with tragedy and a marvelous plot . I immensely enjoyed this book . John Steinbeck not only conveys the simple concept that Lennie , a mentally ill man , is not just another responsibility that George must tend to , but a true friend . The book touched me and was the first to draw tears from my eyes . It was remarkably well written and is the finest short novel I have ever read . The only downside to the book was that it was very depressing , especially in the last thirty pages when the plot deeply saddens . I have decided to read other Steinbeck novels because of the deep emotion the book shares with the reader .
 What makes a big book ? Not physical length . Knowing this novel 's reputation as one of Steinbeck 's masterpieces , I was astounded to lay hands on its mere hundred pages . Not scale of setting , either . The entire novella takes place in and around the bunkhouse of a California farm , and contains fewer than a dozen characters ; it is so compact that it might almost have been made for film , television , or the stage -LRB- and it did in fact succeed in all these media -RRB- . The people , furthermore , are by no means important or powerful ; Steinbeck tells of ordinary itinerant laborers , bindle stiffs , living precariously from job to job . In this , the book is similar toTHE GRAPES OF WRATH , but deliberately avoids its epic scope , preferring to show a few characters in intimate detail rather than to suggest the displacement of multitudes.Yet I have no hesitation in calling the book big . Without any effort or overt symbolism , Steinbeck shows something simultaneously particular and vast . His characters are individuals , very real yet bound to one another and to us through their common humanity . The novel speaks to a particular time -- the American West in the late thirties -- and yet seems timeless . It takes a specific corner of California -LRB- `` A few miles south of Soledad , the Salinas River drops in close to the hillside bank and runs deep and green '' -RRB- and makes it a kind of oasis of simplicity , as in the marvelous opening scene where the principal characters choose to spend a night sleeping under the stars rather than arriving too soon at the farm.And nothing could be bigger than the heart of Lennie , the simple-minded giant who comes to the farm with his friend and protector George , but whose confused feelings and ignorance of his own strength get him into trouble . The bond between him and George is not fully explained , but it is palpably filled with a kind of love . Lennie 's inability to articulate his feelings is shared by all the other characters to some extent ; this is a world in which men keep themselves to themselves and move on alone . But their very inarticulateness gives their underlying emotions an almost primal power . Truly , this is a big book .
 My good mate John at Matilda 's book store in Mount Waverley loaned me this audio book and I was totally mesmerized by it . I always knew that Gary Sinise was a great actor but I had no idea of just how good a book narrator he is . He recites all of the character voices himself and you would swear that there must be different people speaking , such is his mastery of the English Language , dialect and enunciation . I listened to this book through my stereo headphones and it was like Mr. Sinise was in the room with me reading this book aloud . A true masterpiece and thanks a lot John for this audio book.I think you have great taste in Literature .
 John Steinbeck 's 1937 novella OF MICE AND MEN is one of the most poignant stories of friendship between men ever written in American Literature . It is also among the most important illustrations of the desperate feelings shared by those who lived in the Depression-era Dust Bowl regions of California . The story of the protective relationship between small , street-smart George Milton and large , child-like Lennie Small still fascinates us today ; it has been made into no less than three feature films , the last one being only a dozen years ago , and it remains one of the five most-read books in Junior High , Intermediate and Middle Schools today around the country.At a spare 107 pages , this book is short on words but high on symbolism and feeling . John Steinbeck was a master of getting his point across simply . He also excelled at creating simple but sharply-drawn characters who lived , walked and talked like those with whom he had come into contact in real life . When one reads a book like OF MICE AND MEN , he or she is transported back to those times , by an author who actually lived the life of many of his protagonists , including the ones in this story . Yes , John Steinbeck did dig wells in his native Salinas during the Dust-Bowl period . He then gave us some of the most compelling and readable pieces of literature in our nation 's history , and OF MICE AND MEN is among the most important of his works.MOST RECOMMENDED ; ESPECIALLY FOR AGES 12-14
 Of Mice and Men was short , but rivoting . I enjoy reading John Steinbeck novels . I remember reading them as a teenager and wanted to read them again . I would recommend this book to mature readers .
 Good book . Purchased for summer reading reguirement for high School . Will keep for next kids coming up through those classes .
 Its a sad but very good book I think it was writen well . I am yet a middle schooler and like this book you might as well read it now and read it again in high school any way good book .
 Since this book was on my list of classics , I ordered it -LRB- was curious too -RRB- . The reviews I read concerning this book mention it 's directness and compliment the author the simple writing style that takes you away from the first to the last page . Well ... it 's all true . I truly liked this book . Simply written but with so much meaning and depth . One of the books everyone should 've read !
 When John Steinbeck was n't trying too hard to propagandize -LRB- as in , say , The Pearl , or The Grapes of Wrath -RRB- , sometimes he could tell a really good story . That is certainly the case in Of Mice and Men , which has excellent characterization and the closest thing to a plot that Steinbeck got until much later in his career . While it has many of the same thematic elements as his other books from this period , it can best be read as a story about friendship , having someone else with whom to share the joys and sorrows of life . Of course , for Steinbeck , it is mostly sorrows -- it is a tragedy , after all , and a particularly depressing one . One could argue that the ending is n't entirely bitter , but bittersweet , since Lenny 's end is at least a happy one -LRB- or at least as happy as George is able to contrive for him given the circumstances -RRB- ... but the real tragedy lies in George 's fate . Still , this is a somewhat remarkable novel from Steinbeck , well crafted and immensely powerful . This is one that you will keep coming back to , as I have a couple of times since I first read it in school -LRB- one of the very few books I had to read for school that I actually enjoyed -RRB- . Steinbeck surpassed Of Mice and Man probably only with East of Eden .
 I am so very glad that I read this book as an adult for the first time -LRB- and had no real idea what it was even about -RRB- . I read it in one sitting - it is only short and the language is very easy . That is not the challenge of this book!Under an hour to read and oh my god - the ending still makes me gasp ... But it is a book that you could probably only read with the intense emotion once and that time should not be wasted on a 17 year old ! Once you know the ending it will stay with you forever.This book it a masterpiece .
 I enjoyed reading this book . The author did a wonderful job of bringing the characters to life . I was able to feel a connection with the people in the book.I recommend this book .
 ** This review may contain spoilers ** Oh , boy , it 's `` Hamlet Syndrome work '' time again . I define `` Hamlet Syndrome work '' as a work of literature that has been analyzed , dissected , and discussed so thoroughly that it 's hard to say anything new or original about it . Steinbeck 's enduring novella `` Of Mice and Men '' -LRB- hereafter OM&M ;-RRB- certainly qualifies . OM&M ; has permeated life and society 's consciousness , at least American life and consciousness , probably because it unpretentiously depicts the main existential question of life
 `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck is a book about dreams and shattered dreams . Many schools have this book as part of their curriculum which is great.This is a rather short book . John Steinbeck wrote it in such a way that you can imagine the two main characters life before the book begins . Also , -LRB- and perhaps tragically -RRB- you can imagine life after the book concludes.Dreams , depression , companionship , work , and trust resonates through the main characters.Wonderful classic.JR FelisildaAuthor of the book , `` Nanay
 George and Lennie are two itinerant farm workers moving from one California farm to another . The two of them move together in order to avoid the loneliness and misery that usually accompanies nomads . Lennie is an incredibly strong and hard worker who has a mind of a child . Unfortunately for him , his strength and child-like instincts oftentimes get him in trouble . George has known Lennie since he was just a kid , and is the brains behind this unlikely duo . George dreams of a bigger life for the two of them , a life where they would settle on a small farm of their own . The questions remain , however , of how will they acquire enough money to purchase such a place and if they will be able to do so without getting into any really big trouble on account of Lennie 's unpredictable behavior.This is perhaps the most poignant and well developed of Steinbeck 's short novels . The characters are some of the most memorable ones in all of the twentieth century literature , and are masterfully developed and vivid . The narrative is as compact and tight as they come . Steinbeck is nothing short of a pure genius when it comes to constructing stories
 This book was required reading at least twice in grade school and I never complained . Something about it made it an instant classic in my mind . I fell in love with the characters !! It 's short and sweet but still a wonderful read .
 As always Penguin dose justice by the -LRB- not that -RRB- old clasics.A pleasure .
 two workers named george and lennie have been let off a bus miles from the california farm . the farm is where the two men are to work . george was a little man . he had great looks to him . lennie on the other hand was quite ugly to the exctent . he really didnt have any attractive looks . lennie has a mental disability . george is one of lennies idols . he means alot to lennie . he looks up to him and he relies on him to protect him and comfert him . later on in the story the book says that lennie likes to pet things that are soft and furry . most of the time he like to pet mice . but he ends up killing the because they bite him when he grabs them too tightly . he dosnt do this on purpose . usually people that have a disability , they are pretty strong . after they got droped of they found a ranch a few miles from the farm . they tryed to get a job there and they did . their job was to work in the feilds and feed the aninimals . after awhile things started to get alittle stured up . they made a reputation for them selfthe to got into trouble mostly lennie . a man named curly that worked there was not the nicest person that worked there . actualy lennie and curly got into a fight . lennie hurt curly by smashing his hand . lennie had went over the line and he got into trouble alot of trouble . george didnt want him to sufer . george put lennie out of his misury.over all the story was great . in fact i loved it ! the story had a great build up to itself . alot of the building points were pretty shocking . the most shocking was when george killed lennie.i thought that it was pretty heart stopping at the moment . i really never thought that george would do such a thing . come on that was his best friend . this is a great book and i think if anyone would get a book get this one its great .
 I thought that is book was very good . It was mostly about friendship between two friends name lennie and George . Lennie is the retarded one and George takes care of him . Cause lennie mom and dad die when he was a little boy . They both have a dream to own there own land . There dreams very come true because George shots lennie . If George did n't shot lennie then the police would kill him because he hurt a girl in the weeds . Weeds is the name of the town that they use to live . But they had to move because what lennie had done to the girl . Now they work on the ranch . Lennie ca n't talk that well but he is strong like a bull . George is the smart one he takes care of lennie . George gets mad lennie cause George buys lennie a puppy but lennie is so strong that when he pets the puppy they puppy dies . At the end of the book George shot lennie for lennie good . There dreams never came true .
 Of Mice and Men is an amazing tale of two men on a voyage to live big ! George is a man of low tolerance , and is traveling with the slow , but warm-hearted , Lenny . I think the book was a well written story of how you ca n't take advantage of anyone , especially if they do n't know that you are doing it . Also , that you ca n't be too hard on a person who does n't understand , because then they never will . I think it was a good book because it provided many lessons that included those ones . John Steinbeck introduced , and protrayed the characters in a manner that was very intriguing and realistic . The way he showed Lenny to not be prejudice against Crooks because he did n't see the difference in them privded a good connection with how real people should act . All around Of Mice and Men was a very good book and I would recommend it because it can change the way you think about certain people .
 My name is Priscilla Limon and i was assigned to read John Steinbecks novel OF MICE AND MEN . I really enjoyed reading the book . I think this book is about friendship like for example when George and Lennie were running away from the town Weed . Curleys wife goes into the barn with Lennie , and then he starts to feel Curleys hair , she starts to scream and then he breaks her neck . George finds out that he did it and tells him to run away . Then George kills Lennie and then himself . Because he didnt want curley to do it . This is a great book because it shows the meaning of friendship .
 The eighth-graders at my school have the choice to read this and do novel projects , and one day as I was walking along the aisles of the library , one of my favorite places , I saw this book . I really had n't heard anything about what any of the eighth graders thought about this book , but I , a seventh-grader , decided I would try it out because there were always a lot of people who picked this book for their projects . I later learned that they chose it because it was short , but this is entirely the wrong reason . It is a beautiful story that will bring tears to your eyes . It is about two men who have a dream that everyone says will never come true . It is also about their bond so tight that George does n't ever leave his friend even though it would probably cause him a lot less worry and trouble . It is a truly beautiful theme which only Steinbeck can explain so well . This book is definitely worth your time .
 John Steinbeck really outdid himself this time . Of Mice and Men was a fantastic novel . It really gets the point of true friendship across to the reader . At first , I really did n't think that I would enjoy the story . It started out with them just talking back and forth . There were a few humorous sections . But because of the conflicts and pressures that the characters faced , such as Lenny getting in trouble , the novel really started to grow on me . George and Lenny are migrant farmers that have a dream . Their dream was to own a farm . On the way to their place of business on another farm , comical things happen . I thought that it was amusing how George always yells at Lenny for doing stupid things , like carry around the dead mouse in his coat pocket . Yet George , even though he gets mad at Lenny , could n't go on in life without him . I also feel sorry for Lenny because of his slow mind . He loves everything in the world , especially nature . But even though he cares for them , his victims would still get harmed unintentionally . I can relate to Lenny and his actions because I 'm sometimes too rough with precious things , but because of these feelings of love that Lenny showed , conflicts came up which caused George to make a difficult decision . A decision that really affects his life . Situations may arise that might put friendships in danger , but sometimes the outcome is for the best . For the rest of the people in the world , read this book . If you care , and have a love for a strong friendship , I 'm sure you will enjoy this novel .
 It made my heart pulpitate and my tongue quiver in anticipation
 Never have a seen a book of friendship , companionship , love , turmoil , and heartbreak so brilliantly played out as in this incredible Steinbeck gem . These two young , brave men meander the sandy roads of California , escaping the peak of the dust bowl and searching for a job to pay for the trek from town to town . If something permanent , or even longer than a three day stint seems like a gift from the creator that Must be followed through . However , the massive and slightly askewed Lenny brings what seems to be a promising position to a terminal life sentence . Lenny vividly captures 13 year olds and strategically roofies the poor symbols of innocence until unconscious sex is the only option . Then , Lenny uses these absent bodies to suicide bomb the largest areas of tourism in Northern California . The highways , traffic jams , public beaches , and Chinatowns soon become victims of terrible attack . Lastly , in closing the story , Lenny orders and attack on a large naval base of the coast of Hawaii , Pearl Harbor . The final paragraphs paint a delicate scene of two best friends , madly in love , inter coursing and Lenny tragically dying of myocardial infarction , a heart fart , aka heart attack . . Good read , slow moving at times
 I bought `` Of Mice and Men '' for my lit class . I have n't read it yet , but it looks brand new , and I 'm very pleased with the book 's quality . Great product , great service , and I 've heard that it 's a good story !! Looks like I 'll have to see for myself !
 I had seen the movie and wanted to read the book . Both were excellent in my opinion.I had never read any of the great classics and this book started me on that . I havesince read the War of the Worlds and Journey to the Center of the Earth
 Just read this book for the first time as a 40 something yr old and wow . This is what a classic is suppose to be . Thanks John Steinbeck .
 This story is a very good classic that sucks you right in . It has great morals and messages . A must-read .
 A wonderful story of two friends who fight with struggles , but in the end know what is best for each other . Depicts California during the Great Depression perfectly and how all the people reacted during the time period.A classic novel of friendship that any reader would love .
 As I read the book `` Of Mice And Men , '' I really began to enjoy it . George and Lennie are the two main characters . They are on the run from Weed because Lennie was accused of raping a woman . Lennie is retarded and loves to `` pet '' soft things . Together , both of them dream of having their own ranch , with rabbits and everything . They call it `` livin ' off the fat of the land . '' They both end up landing a job in Soledad on a ranch . At the ranch there is Candy , Crooks , Carlson , Slim , Curly , Curly 's wife , the boss , Whit and of course George and Lennie . Curly becomes a big problem . Lennie and him end up getting in a fight and Lennie crushes Curly 's hand . Curly 's wife also causes a dilemma , she is always trying to show something off , always trying to impress the men . Lennie 's ends up touching her hair and does n't let go , this causes him to break her neck and kill her . Because of this , everyone is after and wants to kill Lennie . At the very end , George kills Lennie.I would definitely recommend this book . It has a lot of action in , and always leaves you in suspense , wondering what is going to happen next . Majority of the people who read it also , liked it . So I would highly doubt that anyone would n't like this book .
 I think that the book Of Mice and Men is a really good book . I had fun reading of Mice and Men with the characters George and Lennie . I understand their personality by knowing their backgrounds . However , the fact that made the story better is that the characters had many ideas . Although , I really like this book because its very interesting . Some people think the book was overwhelming because they liked it so much . Besides , I learned many more things about the book while I was reading it . To conclude , I recommend that I should give the book a five stars because its really fun and understanding to read.I understand that Of Mice and Men was the author of John Steinbeck . He is the American author who writes differnt kind of books about good and evil . Somehow , he created the book himself by working hard successfully . He even won many awards because of his novel and creativeness . However , he makes lots of money to improve his skills of writing . Also , Steinbeck was born in Salinas Valley where he works hard even more . He is the legend author who writes books among others.I think that John Steinbeck is a great author because he works really hard every freakin day . But for me , Steinbeck is the man also because I like his books read them specially good and evil books .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an attractive book about two men named George and Lennie . It is also interesting to read because it talks about how George and Lennie develop a common friendship among each other . George is short and takes care of Lennie because Lennie has a mind of a child . They both use to work in a weed but they had to leave because of an incident that had occured . They went to a new weed in Solidad where there they had many dreams ahead . In the new weed they met new people which made George and Lennie Friendships grow even more . For example Lennie has been in a fight with curley ; George told him to fight back and so he did which , led Lennie to breaking Curley 's hand.Even though the ending is sad , George and Lennie friendship can insipires everyone because they look out for each other.Even though Lennie is a big and huge he is a kind person.This is an excellent book written by John Steinbeck with a sad ending . Through out the pages you can see how much George cares about Lennie . I enjoyed reading this book and it has inspired me to have stronger friendship with my friends . Therefore I would like to recommend this book to those whom are interested in reading books about friendships .
 I read this at the recommendation of my girlfriend . I was surprised I had n't ever had to read it in school . The one thing that I really liked about this book was the characterization and dialogue . Maybe I 'm reading the wrong authors , but it seems like a lot of dialogue in fiction is too uniform between the characters . Meaning they all pretty much speak in the same way ... use the same word choices . In other words , it 's like all the characters are really just speaking the way the author would . This book is great because Steinbeck includes all the vocal and character nuances in the dialogue . It really helps the character development and helps make the story feel more `` alive '' . this book is pretty short , but remarkably fleshed-out for such a small book . It gives just enough background info on George and Lennie and other characters that you feel you know them , but it does n't drag on and over-do it .
 Dontae SizerOf MICE AND MEN is about two stangers who lived in Soledad California in the 1930 's . George and Lennie did n't have a home . Where ever they worked is where they slept at . George did n't have a family , but he is real street smart . On the other hand , Lennie was diffrent . HE was mentaly retarded , tall , strong and had only one person in his life , his Aunt Clara . Before his Aunt Clara died she asked George to look after Lennie for her , and George and Lennie been together every since then . The problem that George had is he is walking around with a mentally retarded person who forgets almost every thing you tell him , and who only is good for picking heavy things up.Two other people in the book were poorly developed , but to me it was interesting.I Liked it because I undersood the vocabularyI heard somebody with the same problem before , like taking care of a person who gives you hell . In the begining of the novel , George did n't care for Lennie . He was just keeping his promise he made to Lennies Aunt.At the end it was like Lennie was a brother George never had . Thats another reason why I like the book because of the endind.It feel like you been in tht situation before , it 's like I was in George place before .
 Reading the book Of Men and Mice was a very interesting . The novel catches the reader once they open the book . Personally I have nothing in common with the characters from the story . While reading this story I became very interested in the Great depression and the migrant workers having a hard time trying to live . To anyone who wants to read a fictional story based on the Great Depression they should go and read Of Mice and Men . This novel is n't just about the depression its about two people who are total opposites and stick together to find jobs because they do n't have any one else to be with . The book has a lot of events that happen all because one of the two men is very slow , so neither of them could keep a job long enough to save money . Even though you might not interested in reading stories on the Depression you should still read this novel because the events in the story will make you want to read this book . This book shows a lot of feelings that the two men show to each other . They show love and friendship . This story will be very interesting whether your young or old , this book is for everyone .
 let me start out by saying this book was AWESOME!it keeps you on your toes and wondering . Lennie just touched my heart with every thing he said and did . I could feel his emotions . I cried so when he got upset , and I laughed when he was happy . Steinbeck really did a good job with this masterpiece . this is a book that you can read again and again and learn something new everytime . I would recommend this book to anybody who is looking for something to make the tears fall .
 I am an avid reader of many different types of books . I have about 300 books on my kindle reader now and have had it for about two years . There are many books that come and go with little or no memory of them on my part . &#34; Of Mice and Men , &#34; will never be one of those forgotten text . The story speaks to every American who has had to fight poverty and the restrictions it puts on free will and good decision making skills . Read it enjoy it ; It is truly an American story that will live forever .
 Read with my daughter for school . Good book and was glad to follow along while she read and discuss book after we both finished .
 Of Mice and Men is an American classic that everyone should read ! It tells a wonderful story of the American dream and how life does not always play out how you plan . Steinbeck paints a clear picture of all of the characters and settings making it a smooth read . Over all I think everyone should read this book , you will not regret it .
 This is a classic tale of two brothers and a decision to be made that will change their lives completely . Full of symbolism , situation ethics , social commentary , etc. . Easy read for a teen to an adult and definitely a book for discussion . I liked it when I read it , and it is emotionally moving . Even if you do n't like the story line , Steinbeck 's writing is such that one can appreciate all the issues addressed as well as some really good writing .
 Good book . Had to read it sophomore year high school.Bought it so i could have a copy that i could write on and highlight .
 ` Merica done right -- in a righteous book . And now , because I need a few more words to finish the review , blah .
 I ordered this for my kids , who are reading it for school . It gave me a chance to re-read a great classic , sad tale .
 This is the best book I have ever read . The relationship between Lenny and George is unforgettable , and Steinbeck 's style and characterization is unmatched . The way he crafts the dialogue in his books never ceases to amaze me . A true classic .
 Excellent and thought provoking . This piece of literature is timeless . I never had the opportunity to read it in high school like most people and so I purchased it . So glad I did . It was a quick read that kept me thinking for days .
 I loved it . it was sad but a great book . i enjoyed readijg it . it made me cry so much .
 I really like this book even though it is so sad . It is one of the few books I actually read in high school and I continue to read it every few years .
 Awesome ! I wanted to read John Steinbeck books because I live in Monterey county which is the area he wrote about .
 My youngest daughter is an avid reader and loves re-reading books she was assigned in English class . In fact , she is a collector of these required assigned readings such as Of Mice and Men .
 A good book . I was n't expecting the end of the book . It was sad to me , I wanted to cry .
 I liked it . It has been a number of years since the first I read it . I read it to help a friend study for some tests and quizzes.AJS
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a morose tale of the unfulfilled dreams of workers . George Milton is an itinerant laborer with big dreams . He takes care of a mentally disabled man named Lennie Small . Lennie 's name is ironic because he is a huge man who unintentionally harms living things because he ca n't control his own strength.George and Lennie stick together and have just fled from a work site where Lennie horrifed a woman and was accused of rape . He was innocent of the crime , but he put quite a scare into her . George is annoyed and overwhelmed with the responsibility of keeping Lennie out of trouble while pursuing the American dream of carving out a place of his own . He motivates Lennie by telling him of a plan to own a ranch and to allow Lennie to take care of some rabbits.The men came to work on a ranch . They meet some friendly people , but the boss has a son named Curley who is the ornery antagonist of the story . He has a coquettish wife who causes trouble by flirting with the hands and arousing the jealousy of her husband.Steinbeck masterfully uses foreshadowing in the story . He shows how Candy reluctantly allows his old dog to be killed . He also shows how Lennie kills a mouse and a puppy . It is clear that Lennie is destined to have trouble because of his inability to control his tremendous physical strength.Hopes run high as Candy and Crooks want in on the plan to run their own ranch . The dreams are shattered when Curley 's wife ca n't stay away from the barn . She invites trouble by asking Lennie to stroke her soft hair . Lennie panics and strangles her . George knows that Lennie 's fate has been sealed . He can see no future for Lennie . He mercifully shoots Lennie to put him out of his misery.This story is symbolic of the chimera of the American dream . Many laborers thought they could rise to the top of society . Instead , race , crippling injuries , prostitution , gambling , and a variety of other setbacks stymie the attempts to get ahead . In Steinbeck 's world , a working man ca n't get a break.This is a good book with an interesting plot . It has a social message and is a critique of the troubles and overwhelming obstacles that face the working man . The only criticism I have is that the plot is a bit far-fetched . It is hard to imagine a scenario of a huge man-child like Lennie causing so much havoc . It is a good book , but it pales some in comparison with the masterpiece `` The Grapes of Wrath . ''
 Even in these desperately bleak times , men have dreams that keep them going . In this novella you see the soft side of these hard-scrabble men , and also the things they do just to keep going . I could n't help feeling their despiration .
 I loved the dialog in this story . The southern accent was modeled beautifully . I 'm amazed how Steinbeck created such realistic characters in such a short novel -LRB- I think it 's considered a novel -RRB- . The ending nearly made my heart stop . I did not see it coming . Highly recommended .
 Of Mice and men is a wonderfull book which i would reccomend to anyone who loves a book about two best friends with the same dreams .
 I would recomend this book to just about anyone . This book was the best book I read in school by far . I really enjoyed this book because the story had alot of detail and action in chapters . It wasnt like most books and drug on forever . This book had several big events happen per chapter which kept me interested in the story the whole time . The story first begins when George and Lennie are on the run from Weed because a woman accused Lennie of raping her . Lennie was accutally just feeling on her pretty red dress . They take a bus to a ranch where they are going to work but the bus driver drops them off way before the ranch . When they finally reach the ranch they meet tons of nice people and some people who arent very nice . They meet the boss 's son Curly who does not like Lennie because he is so much bigger than him . Curly and george later on get in a fight and Curly does not win . This book was a very good book and i would recommend it to any high level reader .
 The phenominal book Of Mice Of Men by John Steinbeck was one of the most interesting books I have ever read . This book is like comedy but also serious . I really enjoy the book characters George and Lennie . I like George because he looked out for Lennie because Lennie was a little slow and instead of making fun of Lennie like some kids do today he helped Lennie . I just loved Lennie because lennie was actually innocent it was jus that he did n't know what he was doing half the time . I was so happy that Curly got his hand crushed by Lennie because he deserved it . I am upset that Candy did n't kill his dog instead of letting Carlson do it . The end was very sad because Lennie did n't mean to kill Curly 's wife but he did n't know his strength like George said and he accidentally killed her . When George killed Lennie i was upset and happy . I was up set because Lennie did n't mean to kill Curly 's wife and Carlson and George knew that . I was happy because now he wo n't have no more trouble and he is peaceful now . So all together i really enjoyed the book Of Mice Of Men by John Steinbeck .
 John Steinback is famous for writing book that took place during the Great Depression . Steinback 's book `` Of Mice and Men '' is about two men , Lennie and George , trying to reach their dream of `` living off of the fat of the land '' , in other words they want to own their own land , be their own boss . While trying to reach this goal they run into many problems . Lennie has a problem of touching soft things such as rabbits , and he ends up doin some bad things at Weed and at the new ranch.In my opinion I did n't like this book alot because John steinback likes to describe the setting and i could n't really picture it very much . Also , the ending of this book was very tragic and sad . I would recommend this book to any age because its a classic story that many people have loved and still rememeber after they read it .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' I believe was a wonderful novel that told about the two traveling companions George and Lennie . Lennie who is autistic is watched over by George under orders from his late Aunt Clara . Despite its short lenght I still found this book enjoyable . In fact this book was so intertaining its a shame it waas n't longer . I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a excellent and quick novel to enjoy .
 I liked the book `` Of Mice and Men '' . It was interesting because it was a story about two men that had no place to live and they move to work on a farm and I live near many farms . I would recommend this book to students that believe in following your dreams and try to reach for the stars .
 The book Of Mice And Men by
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . It was a wonderfully honest document of how life was like during the depression . Also it showed the inner side of the life of a hobo and a retarded man . In this story both Lennie and George have to run from their past due to Lennies obsession with soft things . In their last residence Lennie had tried to pet a woman 's dress and she had reported it as rape . They find a ranch to work at but there is trouble on the first day . The men are friendly except for Curly , the Boss 's son . His wife is a tramp who gets all the men in trouble and Curly is not the understanding sort . In the end Curly 's wife lets Lennie pet her hair but when she trys to make him stop he grips her and accidentaly breaks her neck . He runs away but George finds him and has to kill him himself . I would not recoomend this story for anyone under 13 years of age , due to the dialouge used and some of the content . This was an honest book and I deeply respect John Stienback .
 This book was a good book because of the lessons it teaches . Of mice and men teaches a valuable lesson about friendships . Although Lennie is struck by a illness that makes him dumbfounded , George still takes care of Lennie . George is a awesome friend that cares deeply about Lennie even though he might show his emotions with him . It comes the time for George to make a important decision when Lennie messes up again . This is a great book that should be read by everyone . You will surely enjoy it and learn a very important lesson . This book will leave you `` heart struck '' .
 The best-laid schemes o'mice and men often go awry , and leave us nought but grief and pain , for promised joy ! '' John Steinbeck Author Of Mice and Men used this quote as an Allusion to his book where it foreshadows events that have yet to occur.According to the quote what it mean is you set yourself up to let yourself down . In the book Of Mice and Men two characters George and Lennie have a plan to own an acre of land and a shack they can call their own . Therefore both characters get a land job where their dreams just scrambles in a matter of weeks . Lennie actions led their dreams to be destroyed it was when they arrived to their new job and at the time one of the workers dog just had given birth to puppies . In which Lennie asked George permission to have one of the puppies and George said yes . Within a few weeks the dog died and was witness by the boss son 's wife in which she was killed at the site . Seconds after the incident Lennie headed back to where George told him to go just in case he got into any trouble , which he did , at the end . As a result George headed to the site and killed Lennie before the men got a hold of him . In all both men are in screach of identity and in my point of view each character of this book are lonely in which they have trouble finding themselves . Overall this book shows great friendship amoung these two characters eventhough George gives Lennie a harsh treatment but it is the worst for the better . George shows how much he care for his other half and that he is willing to go all out for Lennie , he gudies him through for his own benefit . Incredible book as the Author uses great literary terms and expresses each and one of them . It profound me when Author John Steinbeck allusively used Robert Burns poem as an idea for his outcoming book . Lovely book and enjoyable reading it .
 I really enjoyed John Steinback 's Of Mice and Men for a various amount of reasons . Well for one it was a definite page turner . The relationship the two main characters George and Lennie had just was unbelievable . The fact that George devoted his life for looking after Lennie and his mental disabilities and not knowing what decision George was going to make for Lennie next just kept me from putting down this book . Not to mention that there is a really excellent hint of foreshadowing in this book maybe even one of the best ever . This book has the perfect example of an unsuspected ending so a person should never put the book down or choose not to read it .
 This is a great book because it shows how a good friendship stars . This novel is about a friendship of two men . This novel has capture my attention and many young people because it shows how we ourselves destroy a friendship by doing bad things and not listen to others . John Steinbeck who is the author of this novel has wrote many novels like the `` Of mice and men '' , If you like any other novel from his collection ; I will definitely recommend you this novel . If You are a men and you have a friendship with another men who is physical disable , I will truly recommend you this novel.D . Maturana
 A simply splendid book that is captivating and a delgiht for all ages . It tells of the friendship of two men , and how they depend on each other to survive . It is a brilliant story with a sad ending . I guarentee you 'll love this book or your money back ... . well not really but you catch my drift . A wonderful read !
 Of Mice and Men is a heart throbbing story of two men and their overcoming their shortcomings to reach their dreams . George and Lennie are complete opposites . George is a short tan skinned man who has it all together while Lennie is an enormous man who is mentally challenged . Together they form a family where they feel that together they will change their fate and own their own farm . Sadly , Lennie 's mental illness is too much as he accidentally kills their boss 's wife forcing George to give up his life long friend and the dreams they had together . This is an amazing novel and I recommend it for everyone to read .
 I have read Mice and Men many times , and each time the meaning becomes a level deeper . This book is a social drama filled with moral conflict that tests societal attitudes and the barriers society establishes between the advantaged and the disadvantaged . The American dream , so easily attained by some , will never be achieved by most , and the rules lived by are sometimes broken for reasons society does not accept -LRB- evident in the ending -RRB- . The plot is very simple , two unlikely misfits become friends , George who dreams of a place to call his own and Lennie , a powerful simple minded giant , subject to delusions . Lennie is like a child and George assumes responsibility for him as they travel doing migrant work . In the course of their travels , they meet representative members of society , those accepted and those not and although Lennie and George try to mind their own business , Lennie commits a terrible ` crime ' and George must ` help ' his child like friend the only way he knows how.I do n't want to give away the details , but the story ends in a moral dilema . Powerful book for literary discussions , social lessons as well as moral discussion -- and wonderful to read .
 It saddens me that ` Of Mice and Men ' was the second most frequently banned book in the American public school curriculum of the 1990 's . While people have objected to the language , it reflects the times and the circumstances of the characters -LRB- and is better than most of what we might hear in our modern world -RRB- . While the ending is horrific , the motivation behind George 's action continues the theme of brotherly love and respect that has been present throughout the novel . This is a short but challenging read and prompts questions about relationships , dreams , and our attitude to life and the taking of it . ` Of Mice and Men ' confirms Steinbeck 's reputation as a great writer and in no way should this novel be banned .
 This was one of the best books I have ever read . It was almost as though I could relate to the events of the story even though I had never experienced anything like it in my life . John Steinbeck did an excellent job in grasping the elements that went along with this time as well as telling the story . Once I arrived at the middle of the book I just could not put it down . Yet at one point I really wanted to due to content but still I could n't . This book is definitely in the top five best books I have ever read . In my opinion the way Lennie was described and acted in the book was how someone like him actually would in real life . This book was compelling and showed how in some relationships you have to do things for the better even though you know in a way it is not the best thing . It is a great book for young adults because although it is fairly deep and deals with some hard times you really learn something about life and when you are done it really gets you thinking . This was an awesome book and when I look at what it has achieved it is no surprise to me why ! I really like how Steinbeck focused on one portion of these men 's lives instead of their whole lives . In a way the book almost skips to the `` good part '' . I enjoy reading when it is interesting and in a way to the point which was what this book was and my own personal preference . This book also shows how much times have changed since when it was written and it shows younger people of what used to be and mabye even what some of their grandparents might have lived through . This was an overall spetacular book with excellent clarity . I would reccommend it to anyone especially young adults . It provides insight most people would otherwise not have !
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a very powerful book about friendship . It is the story of two laborers who drift from town to town in search of work . Lennie the slow-minded giant can not seem to keep himself out of trouble and George is always bailing him out . The two end up on a ranch with some very interesting characters . They are befriended by an elderly man who just happens to have some money saved up , making their dream of owning their own land and home a possibility . That dream comes to a sudden halt though when once again Lennie gets himself into some serious trouble . George , realizing that Lennie can not function in society brings the book to a very powerful close.John Steinbeck does an excellent job telling this story utilizing characterization . Readers meet a great many characters . We get to know each one very well , especially Gorge and Lennie . Steinbeck gives readers insight into how the characters think so that we understand why they do the things they do , such as why Slim acts so tough all the time and why Lennie can not keep himself out of trouble . By the end of the book readers know the characters so well that we can understand why they have to do the things they do .
 I like the book because of how they put it . Of how they made the people look , what I mean by that is they way thay made George look like a big brother to Lennie , and they made Lennie like a baby learning how to walk , it was weird the way they made this big person look like a little baby . Also the reason I like the book to was because of the way Lennie died I know it sounds weird what I 'm saying but what I mean by that is that instead of dumb people killing Lennie his so called brother killed . I also think that Lennie would have wanted it that way . Because he totally looked up to him .
 I thought that the book was a really good book . I really didnt think that it would be about what it was about , judging by the cover . other then that it was a good book . I would reccomend that other people read this book . I really think it was a good bokk for high school students . It is a good book for any age . I 'd say the age limit would probably be from 13 on up . But in my opinion it was an excellent book . It was n't a boring book . It was actually exciting . I thought it would be boring . I was wrong . I hope that anyone that reads this book . Enjoys it as much as i did .
 The book is about two men that travel together . The only problem is they can not stay in one place to long because , Lennie seems to have trouble fallow him . All they want is to get there own land . I liked that the two men always stuck together . I did n't like the wa that George did n't back Lennie at the end . I think the book is good for Seventh grade and up . I recommend that you read it , a good book for the whole family .
 George and Lennie are two wandering travelers looking for work . Getting into predicaments every where they go . George , the brains of the duo work team , is always getting Lennie , a rather big fellow with not too much intelligence , out of trouble . The two are scheduled to work at a farm in search for them to make stake and leave . George 's ambitions of owning his own land aniving worry free keeps him working . But there will be several obstacles to avoid such as Curley , the boss ' son , and his wife sho has an eye for the men on the farm . I liked the book because it showed the struggle that George was going through with all the troubles with his friend Lennie . The author really elaborates the two characters and makes it seem that you get to know them . This is a really good book and I recommend it to the high school students . Because of the content of the book I do n't recommend it for the yougher ages . But do n't be misled , this book is still excellent and I recommend it . This book may not be very long but such a good book does n't need to be with the adventure this one packs .
 The story oif Mice and Men is a good book because there is never really a dull moment . I expected the book to be about mice . I later found out it was really about . This book was about two lowlife farmers who are trying to get their own stake . George is the brighter one who is in charge of the operation . So the book takes place in a rural area in California . I t is a fiction book . It 's a rally good book so you should check it out .
 George and Lennie are two guys who are travailing and looking to earn enough money to buy some land.They get to work on a ranch and meet an old man named Candy and a young man named Slim . Then the bosses son Curly starts some truble becouse he is smaller than Lenny so he is mad . It is all taking place in a dry and dusty and hot time . So it will make you sweat to read this book . it is a good book for the more mature audiences due to the language.But it is a great book ! check it out at your local library today .
 I am 14 years old and read Of Mice and Men for my 8th grade literature class . I usually do n't like sad books , but this is DEFINITELY an exception . This is a tragic tale of friendship , love , and sacrafice , and I am crying just thinking about the end . Steinbeck tells life as it was in the '30s , never making life perfect and easy . My class and I watched the movie in class , and no one had dry eyes at the end . This book is not to be missed by anyone .
 The bes book i ever read was Of Mice and Men . Ever since I 've read this book , I 've always wanted friends like George and Lenny . They has a bond that people do n't have anymore . The depression was a tough time , but staying friends till the end is even harder . The descriptions and story lines will never be forgotten . I first read this book when I was 11 and I 'll never ever forget this book . Although you do n't want the ending to be true , its reality .
 When reading through reviews of this book left by other readers , it is obvious that many of the high school students assigned Of Mice and Men are clearly not mature enough to understand this outstanding work . Jpttmt@aol.com complained that Steinbeck rushed the ending of this book , which leaves me to wonder how Jpttmt@aol.com would have improved upon the ending . Several readers such as the ones from Kingston , Ontario , and London , England , describe this book as boring . These same kids would find The Old Man and The Sea , or To Kill a Mockingbird boring . A young reader from North Carolina suggested that Of Mice and Men be renamed , Retard on a Ranch . Perhaps the title of his summary should be renamed , Retard from North Carolina . I 'm certain that these kids resented being pulled away from their video games , and MTV , and being forced to read . I suggest that they stick to reviewing something they can understand such as comic books , and leave classic works such as Of Mice and Men to serious readers .
 i was looking for short and easy book to read for a school report and i was looking in the libary and i found this one . it was short , big letters , and easy to understand language . it was such a great novel that i read it in two days , which was good . it is such a easy novel to understand , making it good for high school students to read , making it a favorite among my classmates . friends asked me what would be a good fast novel to read and is understandable , he used it and was very glad that i referred him to it . i recommend this novel to anybody especially teenagers . thanks for writing such a good book steinbeck . justin blake
 Does this book really need explaining
 Steinbeck presents so many kinds of different people with the same emotional setback
 John Steinbeck captures the sensitive relationship of two close men very well . His portrayel of both men leave space to form your own opinion . Steinbeck 's works are not so pulled tightly together that you ca n't take time to figure out the story , but he does like to mess around with words , which makes his writing so interesting ! A perfect piece for any articulate reader !
 As I read other 's reviews , it gave me the chills as I saw how badly others had interpreted Steinbeck 's sensitive and yet descriptive writing . They thought the ending was terrible because they only saw the literal meaning , not the secondary meaning behind it 's symbolism . To call this book boring is to call the bible unholy . You will be gripped by the unexplained phrases and sentences left to your own thoughts and feelings for interpretation , and though it is a novella , you will find you read it slowly to get the meanings . I loved this book and my only complaint was that I wish it were longer .
 I liked this book , Of Mice and Men , more than any book I 've read in a while . This book was a fast paced easy to understand book that was great for a person like me who does n't like books all that much . It was a great plot that did n't make me want to go to sleep and had a very unexpected ending that left you with plenty to think about after it was all said and done . I would reccomend this book to anyone who likes to read or hates to read , I do n't think that it matters . Anyway fantastic book !
 I gave this book 5 stars because I thought it was excellent . I think the key -LRB- well , one of the keys -RRB- to a great novel is memorable characters . I guarantee you will never forget George and Lennie , they have survived through history -LRB- you know all those cartoons with a large , bumbly character saying `` Duh , George ? '' to a smaller , smarter character ? -RRB- But I digress . The point I want to make is that I respect other people 's reviews , no matter how many/little stars there may be . But the only condition is that their points have to be well thought-out , and have clear reasons why they did or did n't appreciate the book . I can not stand to see people putting one star and then making a comment such as `` It sucked '' or `` Do n't read it '' . Now I would n't mind it at all if they had given mature reasons for disliking it . The point is , put a little oomph behind your opinions : - -RRB-
 Of Mice and Men is a fasinating book by John Steinbeck . This book is fascinating because of the vivid description of characters . Also , it gives a good description of life in the early century . I highly reccommend this book .
 John Stienbeck , the author of Of Mice and Men , was a simple man who delt with not so simple issues . Most of his life he spent in isolation , like a hermit . And yet he delt with complex issues on how we treat other people . And the motives we use for treating people the way we do.Of Mice and Men takes one on a voyage of personal discovery and tradgy .
 John Steinbacks OF MICE AND MEN IS A GREAT BOOK . IT IS A STORY THAT WILL KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT , AND ONCE YOU START READING IT YOULL NEVER WANT TO PUT IT DOWN . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE WHO LOVES AN EXCITING STORY .
 We had to read this book in English class and I really liked it.It was touching and it made me cry . I really liked Lennie
 From all the books in American Literature that I have read , this was the one that touched me most . I could n't stop crying for what happened to Lennie . He was so innocent , and never meant any harm . From the moment the story began , till the time he was shot , he was only thinking about his rabbits ...
 I enjoyed Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck . The book was great cause it was a nice plot . I did ` nt want to put it down after I picked it up .
 In a world where everyone is on prozac , high school 's decide to include such tragic books as Steinbeck 's Of Mice And Men in our curriculum . People do n't really have a right to complain about the youth of America 's obbsession with death when they are the one 's causing it .
 I started off saying , ` ah here we go again , another boring book to read , in boring English ' . But in the end i looked forward to english class.And the only pity was i had it read in two days , because i just coulldnt put the book down . Its a brilliant book thats worth reading .
 BRILLIANT BOOK NEVER PUT IT DOWN
 It showed all of the characters reactions and feeling . The literature -LRB- curses -RRB- we had to skip while reading in class . Besides that it is a good book .
 I thought that this book was great . When I first opened the book and read the first page , I thought that I was in for a boring book . I being the type that hates adventures , thought that the book was well written . The book starts off with a discription of a place that is by a lake and is surrounded with bushes . As I continued to read I began to like the characters . One being smart and the other being incredibly stupid . As the story goes on many events happen that make you continue to read . John Steinbeck keeps you intersested throughout the entire story . You must read this book .
 This book is one of the best books i have read . John Ernst Steinbeck must have been very proud of his book . This book charts the story of two itinerant farm labourers , named George & Lennie . The way this book is constructed is excellent , and a guideline for any aspiring writer . The characters in this book are trapped in unfair circumstances , but still manage to remain heroic and sympathetic -LRB- if defeated -RRB- . As they do this , they also manage to keep a sort of quiet dignity about themselves . It is an amazing study of lonliness and discrimination , and how this discrimination leads to lonliness for some of the characters . A true American classic .
 I instantly fell in love with the book within the first ten pages . The characters that Steinbeck created were so vivid that they appeared to be real to the reader . It was easy to identify with George 's anger and frustration at Lennie for getting the two of them fired from every job they had ever had . Even though Lennie could not control his actions , it was pure human nature to become angry or feel somewhat burdened by this aloof companion . If one is looking for an uplifting book , this should definitely not be their first choice . It was depressing to look into the bleak lives of these characters living in a barren desert-like ranch with hopes and aspirations that were never expected to come true . George even admitted on page 92 , `` I think I knowed from the very first . I think I knowed we 'd never do her . '' This was in reference to them buying a farm of their own in the future . The only thing George and Lennie ever wanted was their own property that would give them the complete freedom they always dreamt of . With other farmers always telling them that it would never happen on top of George 's own doubt , it was clear that their whole life would be spent doing meaningless work which would never amount to anything . Yet , the power of friendship in this novel makes it all the worthwhile to read . Even if a tear or two is shed at the end .
 This book was magnificent . I started it knowing how it would end , yet I was still close to tears when I put down this wonderful book . A wonderful book for someone who wants to read an amazing classic , yet does n't want to have to spend four or five months reading it .
 I had to read this book when I was in the 10th grade as well as in the 12th grade when i had to tutor my friend . We had to read this book together and analyze every bit of it . It was very helpful to have already read this book because I knew what to look for in the sense of foreshadowing . I really like all the surprizes that the book has to offer . This book was really easy reading but it has so much to offer . The meaning within this book goea so much deeper and I really think that you need to read the book more than once to fully catch and understand everything .
 Although Of Mice and Men may be considered diminutive when compared to lenghtier tomes like The Grapes of Wrath and War and Peace , it still maintains its message as well as the protracted books do . Of Mice and Men is a poigniant story , relating the unlikely friendship of two people
 i just read this book for my english class , im only 14 right now ... i 'm usually bored by a lot of books but this book actually got my liking ... very awesome book . Steinbeck is a genius .
 Of mice and men was an astounding novel that was worth reading . Of mice and men was a very touching novel with two main characters named George and Lennie . George would probably be considered the brains of the outfit and who is the shield that protects Lennie from trouble . Lennie on the other hand is the bronze , he is extra strong but has a deformity in the mind . Both have a goal in mind , which is to save enough money in order to purchase their own farm . This is where they both try to find decent jobs where it requires brains and bronze so that George can keep an eye on Lennie . They get many jobs but the majority of them do not go as well as they hoped for . But towards the end they find a pretty nice job with a very nice lady who is wed to a hot-tempered guy named Curley . Well Curley 's wife does do a lot of metaphoric phrases in the novel , such as comparing the the whole country to mutts just basically states the direction in which curley 's wife addresses the inhabitants of the entire country . The job that was with Burley and his wife should have paid for the farm if Lennie had not done what he had done . For this Lennie gets into trouble when George is not looking after him and Lennie does something extremely disastrous . What happens in the end though is a very touching scene but I will leave that for you to read .
 I found the Book `` Of Mice and Men '' very interesting . After looking at the relationship between Lennie Small and George Milton , it made me think about the friends I have . In todays society we mentally , verbally , and emotionally hurt the feelings of many mentally or physically impared people . But in this novella , George looks over his very close friend Lennie who has a mental illness . George and Lennie have been together for a long time , but Lennie is always causing troubles . I feel that George is just like many of us . He forgets that Lennie has a mental illness and ca n't take full responsability for his actions . I feel that the language was very descriptive because it was at a level that most everyone can understand unlike a lot of books . I feel that some parts of the book could have had a little more excitement but for the most part it was a great book . I would recommend that everyone read this book . It shows how people who are slow or have mental abilities feel and act to certian situations .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a novel that shows what true friendship is . The love and compassion that George held for Lennie was hearwarming . George fulfilled his obligation toward Lennie from beginning to end . ''
 I 'm only in the eigth grade and i feel Of Mice and Men is the best book i ever read . It 's the best ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought the book was o.k. but it did n't really make any sense . The chaacters were all strange and they had no real part of the book except to revole around Lennie and George . But I think people should read it to find out abou how things were in that time .
 '' ... A riviting novel . & quot
 Of mice and men is a brilliant book . Steinbeck is a colourful writer and shows how some men can be compassionate to the weak -LRB- in this case weak in the mind ! -RRB- , others passive and worse still , others can be cruel . very powerful !
 The wonderful narrative style that Steinbeck uses here helps to make the book even more brutal and touching . Unlike others , I feel that this book is not too short . In its brevity , Steinbeck has still effectively portrayed the difficulties of the life of ranch hands in the 1930s . The special relationship that Lennie and George share is especially heartwarming , and is the focal point of our compassion . Lennie 's childlike innocence is also enduring and when we see how he has unknowingly killed Curly 's wife , we can not help but feel that George 's decision to kill him instead of letting him face the wrath of the mob is the right one . That way he will still die preserving his innocence.All in all a deeply moving novel that is both heartwarming yet tough and brutal , like the life of a ranch hand .
 I think Of Mice and Men was written very well and really tells about the harsh times during the Great Derpression . It shows how strong two peoples freindship can really be . The ending was very sad though .
 Nobody writes like Steinbeck . He has a simplistic easy to read style that is topped by none . This tale was short and fast paced and dealt with important societal issues . If you want to read about ignorance , hate , and amazing human kindness , buy this book . It actually made me cry at the end of it .
 This book shows that sometimes you have to do something that is hard to do , but in the end it will work out for the better . It shows that there are two types of people in the world , the compassionate one and the ignorant ones . It had many strong themes , and I loved it !
 Well gosh darn , this book touched the inner most chamber of my fat , old heart . The emotion put into the ending is more than breath taking . Just like Lennie 's situation twards mice , George loved his freind to death ...
 A classic , as always . In the today world of teaching tolerance and differences , this remains a good one to use in the classroom .
 This is one of my favorite John Steinbeck stories . George takes on the role as Lenny 's unofficial guardian . What Lenny lacks in brains , he makes up for in size and his heart . Though Lenny often drives George crazy , it 's obvious that that George loves Lenny . The 2 share a dream of owning their own farm and Lenny is especially enthusiastic about tending the rabbits . But they 're up against some mean odds as Lenny finds his share of trouble ...
 I think that this book was one of Steinbeck 's better books . But I think that Lennie 's character is too childish and stupid . Also , I think that George is pretty cool , but sometimes too over demanding and bossy , to Lennie . For the most part though , I thought it was a good book . I would recommend it to someone who has a special younger or older friend in their life . On a scale of 1 to 10 , I give it an 8.5 . This book is not recommended for those that are overly sensitive people -LRB- see ending -RRB- . Hope you enjoy the book ; try chekcing out some of Steinbeck 's other works . Enjoy , and happy reading !
 I have never not a big reader , but finding this book has changed my perspective on books like this . This book is full of realistic entertainment . i could n't put this book down . it is an awesome book that i would recommend for anyone . The ending is a tearjerker , so have kleenex ready . READ IT , I PROMISE YOU WILL LOVE IT !
 A powerful and poignant story . Steinbeck haunts his readers with the murderous innocence of the simple mind which finds it difficult to survive in this world . The age old debate of the fitness of survival is revisited and ' . . you have to do it at times . . George ' leaves the readers with a pathos and helpless anger against such a strong judgement . And . . the heart beats to dream Lenny 's dreams of tending the rabbits in their farm . . someday .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was written about a young man who had mental problems and struggled through life . The scene of the book was in the country , were Lennie , the main charecter , looked for jobs with his friend George to make money and fufil there dreams . George would look after Lennie and keep him out of trouble . People were n't to social with lennie because of his mental disorder , they thought he was stupid , and caused troubles . It was a struggle for Lennie to get by and stay out of trouble , and ended up in a tragic ending . I recomend this book to any one who likes to read . This book made me want to give any one a chance and dont judge a book by its cover .
 I read this book back in school and liked it , so when I came across it again I decided to buy the audiocassette version for my husband . Well , he has n't listened to it yet because I have n't given him a chance!Gary Sinise is incredible . Because of his fine acting , you can tell exactly who is speaking at any given time without having to have it spelled out for you . I have listened to many audio books where I 'm constantly rewinding to find out who said what.After listening to this recording , I would honestly consider purchasing an audio book just because it had been read by G.Sinise .
 The novel Of Mice and Men is greatly admired by me . This story of struggle , saddnes , and hope is so amazingly meaningful to me and most other readers . If you truly ponder on the signfigance of the novel it will all come clear to you , as a reader , what the novel is really potraying and what Steinbeck is tring to tell us as a socity .
 I 'm a big fan of Steinbeck , but had never read this book before listening to it on audio tape in my car . I came close to tears a couple of times . Steinbeck made a career of lovingly and vividly describing both animals and people in pathetic circumstances.The story is really moving . Sinise 's array of voices is both deep and broad . If you did n't know better , you 'd think there were three or four different readers , each with a clear and deep understanding of the character he was reading . This audio book is really an excellent value .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is about these two guys named George and Lennie who travel together . George takes care of Lennie because Lennie is mentally retarded . Lennie gets in trouble unintentionally wherever they go . George and Lennie want to have a big house where they can live so they go to work on a farm or something like that to raise money to get their house with rabbits because Lennie loves to touch soft stuff , and rabbits are soft.When they barely get there , no trouble happens but as soon as the wife of the bosses son meets them trouble happens . In the middle of the story , an event happens that seems normal but it relates to the end . In the end there is a sad ending . I loved this book i think it is one of my favorites of all time !!! I think this book is really interesting with a lot of good content . I recommend this book to any person who likes to read stories that sometimes leave you thinking !
 This easy reading , quick paced novel is one that all should read . It is relatively short in length and easy to comprehend . Usually when a book is referred to as `` classic literature , '' I am disappointed in it but this one definitely deserves to be the classic it is . Drama , friendship , suspense and surprise all help to piece together one great story . It starts off a little slow but soon picks up and after that , you never want to put it down !
 So I thought that I 'd go back and read the classics . I say read not reread , because most of them I 've never read . -LRB- My high school curriculum was lacking when it came to reading quality literature and children 's books , military books , and teaching books make up practically all my reading . -RRB- This book was so good and so short there is no reason why anyone out there has n't read it yet . I loved it so much that I am heading out to borrow some more of books written by Steinbeck . Go get it ! Trust me . Do n't waste your time reading another review . You could already be half way done with reading it by now . Any one has the time to read this one and everyone should !
 I thought this story was so good after I got done reading it !!! It showed me that even when you have to make hard chioces , people normally what 's best for everyone else so that nothing else happens !!! This story is about two men by the names of George ans Lennie . They are two hard working farm boys who get into some trouble ... well actually , Lennie gets them into some trouble . So they have to go find another job and so on and so forth . But that 's not what the story is really about . The story is really about making the right choices even when the outcome is n't always as good for you !!! I thought this was such a good book , and I would recamend that anyone read this story , because it really makes you think about those kind of things !!!
 `` Of Mice and Men , '' is a gripping story about two men who are wondering through life , from dead end job to dead end job , with only each other to rely on . George , a bright man and clearly the leader of the two , and Lennie , as the book puts it `` a gentle giant , '' dream of a simple life of one day owning their own land . In a line of work that does not often lend itself to forming such close personal relationships , the two men are able to use each other as a support system to some how make both of their lives a little better.Steinbeck perfectly describes each scene placing the reader right in the action . One almost becomes the third stooge in the story . Each chapter builds upon the suspense , ultimately culminating in an ending that does not disappoint !
 Of Mice and Men `` Of Mice and Men '' is based on the book written by John Steinbeck in the 1930s . This novel took place in California with two migrant workers , Lennie and George . Lennie is a mentally challenged man who thinks and acts like a child . Lennie is also a very big and strong man who likes to pet soft things , like mice and rabbits . George is a small , hard working man who takes care of Lennie all the time.George and Lennie , in the beginning of the novel , are trying to run away from trouble because Lennie tried to touch a girl 's dress in Weed where their former job was . George and Lennie , after running away , find a new job in a ranch where they meet Candy , Slim , Crooks , Carlson , Curley , and Curley 's Wife . The five men are workers in the farm as well as friends and enemies of George and Lennie.Candy was an old swamper who was missing an arm . He was to old to work with the other men , so he just swept the rooms where they slept . He also had a dog that was killed by Carlson . Candy 's dog was killed for the simple fact that it was old and smelled really bad.Curley was a small guy who used to be a former boxer and who did n't like big guys like Lennie for example . Curley was constantly picking on Lennie just for the fact that he was bigger than he was . All Curley wanted to do was fight Lennie and he finally got his wish ; Lennie broke Curley 's hand because Curley had punched and hit him for no reason.Curley 's wife was a big flirt with all the guys working in the ranch . Her flirtatiousness got George and Lennie in trouble once again . Her soft hair caused Lennie 's life . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a great novel and movie as well . Even though the movie has some different things than the novel , they are both well written and both good stories . Other than just being a good story , it 's also an interesting novel with suspension , intense emotions , and a tragic ending . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a wonderful story that should be read by everyone no matter their age .
 Though little more than a short story , this is simply my favorite book on the shelf . I feel that it would be impossible for a reader not to be totally involved with the characters presented within the pages . Steinbeck does a wonderful job of painting a picture with words , and this book is no exception . And , I 'll wager that even you guys may shed a tear or two before it 's over . The only advice I have to give is , make sure you read this book before watching the movie , and allow your imagination to run wild .
 George and Lennie are two guys who travel together from one farm to another for work . George made a promise to Lennie 's Aunt Clara to take care of Lennie . Lennie is not a smart fellow and him and George have been friends since they were kids.They have a plan to work and save all their money so they can buy a house with some land and have rabbits . Lennie will tend these rabbits . They get to their new job on a farm where they will be bailing hey . Lennie is a good hard worker . He ca n't talk to the boss ' son , Curley because George has a feeling that he 's going to start trouble . Curley 's wife , jail time waiting to happen , live on the plantation and Lennie gets into some trouble with her.This book was great . It was easy to read , and hard to put down . John Steinbeck describes his characters very well . I liked Lennie because he 's so innocently stupid . He loves soft things and things that are beautiful . It was one of our required reading books in tenth grade and I wish that I ` d read it then .
 `` of mice and men '' is a wonderful story about two friend companions who struggle to survive together while moving from job to job . Both characters have the dream of buying their own land so all their troubles can end . One of the characters , Lennie is mentally challenged , George is like his older brother for he takes care of him . Since Lennie is mentally challenged he causes many problems everywhere they go to find work . Lennie 's incredible strength and mental difficulties prove a thread to everyone and everything that surrounds him , even his loved ones . Unfortunately the only thing they find is trouble when they get to the farm they are headed . The ranch owner 's son , Curley is very ill tempered and sees Lennie as a thread for him and his wife . This gives the story a twist that leads to a shocking ending . John Steinbeck truly captures the emotions and thoughts of these two characters , it lets you see how it is to be isolated from everyone , and also how it feels to have an enormous weight on your shoulders of having to care for someone every where you go . I really recommend this book for it is a very touching story and the relationship between lennie and goerge is just beautiful and amazing . This is truly a book worth reading .
 What is great about this novel is it 's simple plot yet complex psychological interplay of the characters who affect each other like a woven mesh . All of them have good intentions but tragedy was inescapable . Real life stuff . Great read .
 Of Mice and Men starts out as a quite confusing book , jumping straight into the plot , but it quickly picks up and gets you into the story . It starts off with an immensely strong , yet hopeful brute tagging along a small witty man , who chooses to care for him . They are both very hopeful about the life they could soon make together apart from the rest of the world.But in the end the brute-ish man , Lenny , is caught alone without George , the witty caregiver and loses control of himself . He ends up showing George that all the while there really was no hope at the dream-life , only that he had told Lenny it 's work out so long , he started to want to believe it himself , and he did . Through it all George continues to want the best for Lenny ...
 Of Mice and Men is a tremendous book in and of itself , but Gary Sinise 's love for it comes through in his reading .
 steinbeck is awesome for pulling this through ... he was able to pack so much information in this short book ... that is some REAL talent right there !
 `` I 'm finding Steinbeck to be just a really reliable author . I 've enjoyed everything that I 've read of his . This short novel was engaging and meaningful - I especially enjoyed the richness of the characters and the themes of companionship , dreams , and dissapointment . ''
 The book , Of Mice and Men , has to be one of the good books I 've read in a long time . The good parts about it are at the start , you get to meet the characters on how they act and the way they get along . Of course , there are some bad parts in books . One of them is when one of the bunk mates picks a fight with Lennie , because he is taller than him!Of Mice and Men , Lennie Small and George Milton take a bus , after getting chased by a mob , to a new job . After a couple hours and a lot of walking , they get to the job only to get the job , get in a fight for no reason , and work for good money . About the characters , George and Lennie , George is a quick-witted man that became friends with Lennie back when they were younger . Lennie was told to go with George to get a job by his aunt Clara . They both have a dream of a ranch , where their friends can stay , and people they do n't know can leave . Lennie dreams of tending the rabbits . After a while , George and Lennie meet Candy , a nice old man that said he would help in the dream ranch . The dream ranch may work out ; they have most of the money , but somewhere along the way someone messes it up , and it falls back to the way it was . Do you think they get the dream ranch ? Read the book to find out what all happens .
 If you like to read good literature , this is a fine choice.How did Steinbeck put all that story in such a short novel ? Pure talent . The sentences are powerful , the story memorable . It is set in the farmland of the Salinas valley during the mid 30 's which adds other dimensions to it.You can also listen to itOf Mice and Men -LRB- Classics on Cassette -RRB- And watch itOf Mice & Men
 Luke T. review of Of Mice and Men , by John Steinbeck , March 17 , 2008 . This is a story about two completely different men who are as close as brothers . George is a small , wiry man who travels around from state to state working on different ranches , earning up some money . Once the work is done at one ranch , he moves onto another . Most of this story takes place on a ranch just a few miles south of Soledad , California . Lennie is the mentally challenged gentle giant who George looks after . George is a caring man , and promised Lennie 's Aunt Clara that he would look after Lennie ; so Lennie tags along with George and works very hard . While the two are working at this ranch near Soledad , disaster strikes . One day , Lennie was sitting in the barn playing with a new puppy he got , when the boss 's son 's wife came into the barn and started talking to Lennie . Lennie was in love with soft things , and when this girl mentioned how soft her hair was Lennie wanted to grab it , and he did . This sent the girl into a panic , and when she jerked away she broke her neck . Lennie got scared and ran away , but the girl 's husband went after him . Lennie was killed because of his mistake . This book has a tragic ending , but it is a great story that shows how important friendship really is .
 Despite the length of this novel , it contains a powerful plot that will leave any reader heart-broken . The author describes the settings in such detail you can almost smell the alfalfa . As far as the plot goes , he leaves room for your imagination to fill in the blanks and gives the plot life through drama and issues that any worker would face during the early 1900s . Of mice and men , it is a must-read for any reading level.The setting is based in the early 1900s , where Lennie and George , the two main characters , work for a new employer on a swamp . The author creates great detail not only through words , but also through the actions of other characters . For example , the author never once mentions Lennie 's mental disability . Instead , he uses actions and dialogue to show that he is . John Steinbeck is a magnificent author , and he has my regards .
 This is a book I finished in one day . I had to read for my freshmen honors English class over the summer . Lenny and George , two complete opposites manage to stick together and care for each other in the hardest of times . One huge and strong with the mind of an innocent child and one small but with unbelievable streets smarts . The book is very short but well detailed with several surprisingly twist . A Must Read !
 Book ReviewIn the book , Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck , there was plenty of action for the avid reader . While reading the book , sometimes it was hard to follow what the character was trying to say . Because , the book was set in the early 1900 's , they talked with a myriad amount of slang and was difficult to read . There was also some foul and offensive language.I liked the book because it was very descriptive with its actions . When the author was describing a situation I could picture it down to the last detail . When you can picture what you are reading it makes things more enjoyable . Each character had their own distinct personality that stuck with them throughout the entire book . One thing that I did n't like about the book was the ending . After the biggest event in the book it suddenly came to an end . I wish the author would have went a little further before bringing the book to a halt.This story is full of emotions . There are happy times and it also has its tragedies . The book was truly enjoyable to me . I would most certainly recommend Of Mice and Men to all mature audiences .
 I had to read `` Of Mice and Men '' for a lit . project in school , and I really was not looking forward to it . But as I read more and more into the book , it got better and better . I have n't read very many books in my life , but this has been the best so far . I loved everything about this book , the characters , the plot , the setting , and some of the themes . It had all Five elements to make a great story . From beginning to end , it seemed to keep getting better and better . I would suggest this book to everyone , you will love it !
 Another one of those books that has been talked about by every critic out there so I probably can not add that much more . I can say that I usually read more action or non fiction yet this book is and will be one of my favorites . It is one of the very few books that stirred emotions in me . It is a book that demands to read many times .
 This novel is about friendships and dreams shared by two men named George and Lennie . They dream about one day owning a farm . George acts as a father figure to Lennie , who is large and simpleminded , calming him and helping him to control his physical stength . After the death of Lennie 's Aunt Clara , George took care of Lennie . As the author , John Steinbeck did an excellent job introducing each character . I really connected with all the characters . The theme of friendship , struggle , and following a dream was beautifully written . I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was great because it never got boring . I was not able to put the book down . This novel will leave you with a lot of diffrent emotions ; it touched me deeply because it reflected true events in my life about hardship and friendships . I recommend this book to everyone .
 This novel is about friendships and dreams shared by two men named George and Lennie . They dream about one day owning a farm . George acts as a father figure to Lennie , who is large and simpleminded , calming him and helping him to control his physical stength . After the death of Lennie 's Aunt Clara , George took care of Lennie . As the author , John Steinbeck did an excellent job introducing each character . I really connected with all the characters . The theme of friendship , struggle , and following a dream was beautifully written . I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was great because it never got boring . I was not able to put the book down . This novel will leave you with a lot of diffrent emotions ; it touched me deeply because it reflected true events in my life about hardship and friendships . I recommend this book to everyone .
 I enjoyed this book and i think that most people would enjoy reading about the hardships , struggles , hopes and dreams of two men during the great depression . After reading this book I felt a greater appreciation for the people who lived during this time . The book was very inspirational tome . I loved how the book made you connect with the two characters , George and Lennie , and thier hopes for the future . This book was short in text but huhe in emotions and feelings of all the charchters . Although some times I will admit that the book exaggerated the sensitivity of the character Lennie the book was still good in the fact the plot made sense with a cast of realistic characters . The ending of the book is a real life ending that was n't far fetched . They made the events believable which causedmany emotions to stir inside you anger , fear , suspense , sorrow , and happines just to name a few . You really connect with the book . That 's why I highly recommend this book .
 This book about Lennie and George , two quite different types , is a book which never will be too old . It has a timeless theme , which is as relevant today as it was when Steinbeck wrote it . Whwn I sat i the sofa back home , and read the last pages , my father suddently saw the book I was reading . He read it when he was younger , and liked it as well as I did . So there we went on chatting ... The theme of the book is discussable , but it contains several subjects which encourages readers in all ages to read on . True friendship , the American dream , mercy killing ... I would have given the book 5 stars if it would n't have been for the hard beginning . Continue reading , it gets better ! Enjoy the book !
 John Steinbecks story is about two men , Lenny and George , trying to make a living on their own . Smart and witty George finds them jobs , but Lennie has a tendens of messings up things even if he doesnt want to . Of mice and men is a stor of two friends sharing a common dream . But this dream reaches a terrible climax at the end of the book . . Really a good book !
 On the surface this allegorical tale is a short and simple story about the fate two friends encounter when they hire on in a new ranch to buck barley ` . As Lennie and George are two poor wandering labourers their friendship is based purely on their companionship . The friendship is sustained by its complexity which has evolved as a result of the the influencing factors of the relationship . What makes this friendship very poignant is their awareness that this is their unique asset and that this sets them apart them from the mass of other casual labourers who are sad loners as a rule . George looks after Lennie who is retarded , but also big and awesomely powerful . Lennie does n't mean any harm but he gets into situations where he becomes confused and he invariably panics . Consequently , the calamitous potential of his physical power looms constantly . One of the first things they witness in the bunkhouse is that an old dog , the time-honoured companion of the disabled old Candy , is shot by one of the other men with the declared purpose of putting him out of his misery . The dog 's owner Candy is against this but gets no support from the others and has to endure the ordeal in a state of crushed acquiescence . They wanted to get rid of him anyway because he caused a smell in the bunkhouse which , of course , puts a question mark over the purity of the asserted altruism -LRB- the old story of pragmatism first and principles later -RRB- . George and Lennie have their own modest version of the American Dream in the shape of a little ten-acre farm they dream about buying . But the ` bindle bum 's ' existence is a repeating short cycle of earning a little and then frittering it away on short-term whims to make life bearable . When Candy hears about the little farm he informs them of his savings and asks to be part of it . The sudden and very unexpected feeling that the realisation of the dream is within their grasp causes a sort of incredulous euphoria and the mantras are repeated more often and more zealously . But catastrophe is always looming and when it happens , George saves Lennie from a terrifying ordeal by taking Lennie 's life at that moment when Lennie is in a state of bliss , induced by George , dreaming of the farm . This novella is written in a very concise manner . In spite of the brevity , the story and the characters are plausible . The themes seem to me to definitely have a universal aspect but they are also unique to the setting .
 Steinbeck is the master of targeting the deepest emotions that we can experience each and every day . In Grapes of Wrath it was poverty . In Of Mice and Men it is the depth of friendship . How far are you willing to go to honor the bond that you have forged with your best friend ? This classic is short , three or four hours worth of powerful dialouge that will leave you breathless . Skip the Sunday matinee ' this weekend and read a true winner .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an attractive book about two men named George and Lennie . It is also interesting to read because it talks about how George and Lennie develop a common friendship among each other . George is short and takes care of Lennie because Lennie has a mind of a child . They both use to work in a weed but they had to leave because of an incident that had occur . They went to a new weed in Solidad where there they had many dreams ahead . In the new weed they met new people which made George and Lennie Friendships grow even more . For example Lennie has been in a fight with curley , George told him to fight back and so he did which , led Lennie to breaking Curley 's hand.Even though the ending is sad , George and Lennie friendship can insipires everyone because they look out for each other.Even though Lennie is a big and huge he is a kind person.This is an excellent book writen ny John Steinbeck with a sad ending . Through out the pages you can see how much George cares about Lennie . I enjoyed reading this book and it has inspired me to have stronger friendship with my friends . Therefore I would like to recommend this book to those whom are interested in reading books about friendships .
 An outstanding book . This book is a decent look at humanity . It is a simple explanation of human nature . All of these are descriptions of a novel I recently read by the name , `` Of Mice and Men '' by a well-known author John Steinbeck . I would rate this book 8 on a scale of 10 because I learned so much about the way we treat others and their reactions , told through a man who has had much experience with the subject . Lennie , a big dumb , jock , was born slow , mentaly incapable of reacting to daily life . After George , a caring yet riggid man befriends him early in child hood , the two become traveling partners and best buddies . George becomes weary of Lennie 's childish ways and misachievous antics , which continually causes the pair trouble and forces them to skip around the country . `` That ranch we 're goin ' to is right down there about a quarter mile . We 're gon na go in an ' see the boss . Now , look -- I 'll give him the work tickets , but you ai n't gon na say a word . You jus ' stand there and so n't say nothing . If he finds out what a crazy ... you are , we wo n't get no job , but if he sees ya work before he hears ya talk we 're set . Ya got that ? `` This story is special because all aspects of diction , from all characters are described in simple English . The story had no useless vocabulary or pointless explaining , just a plain dexcription of the people . The story also uses vivid imagery when George tells Lennie about how they were going to own a ranch and Lennie can raise rabbits . Steinbeck reveals the simle truth about racism , dgradation , and jelousy . People in the book are struggling to overcome an obstacle that holds them back . At their final stop , they meet all types of people , which teach them about diversity and how to deal with it . The story 's resolution reveals how humans deal with the sorrow of our society . The outcome may shock us , yet it seems just in it 's own irony . I sincerely suggest this book to those looking to explore humanity and to those who would like to know what friendship and loyalty is and if you liked `` To Kill a Mocking Bird '' or `` The Catcher in the Rye '' , you will like this book because I , Jamil Faruque a student of Falls Church HS , have read both of these books which shows similarities with `` Of Mice and Men ''
 Certainly for a short book of 100 + / - pages `` Of Mice and Men '' punches above its weight . The dreams and aspirations of working people , when well told can but full of poignancy and emotionally taut . That 's definitely the case here . The language seems authentic . The setting is beautifully set and the dialogue paints as much of a picture as the descriptions that Steinbeck is so skillful and subtle at presenting.The boss 's son , Curley is angry , small with a chip on his shoulder and jealousy triggered by a wife with a wandering eye who flirts full of entendres and innuendo with the men on the farm bringing immediate conflict to what seems to be an almost idyllic boarding house for farm workers in 1930 's California . Contrasting with `` The Grapes of Wrath '' here there seems to be fairness between boss and worker and clear rules of behavior , maybe even a code that everyone understands . If you show up for work on Saturday you get fed that night and all day Sunday before starting work Monday . The world appears better 5 to 10 years after Tom Joad and family first arrived in CA in `` Grapes '' . Big simple Lennie and smart little George look out for each other ; travel and working as a team . Other workers see it as strange but respect and admire the bonding and friendship between these two . This is an easy story to like - fully expressed dreams of having your own place , working hard but controlling your destiny and sharing that with your best friend are near universal aspirations and told by Steinbeck it comes out beautifully . However I could n't escape the lingering thought that different from other Steinbeck books this one felt a bit more dated . Lennie as big , big hearted but violent and feeble minded and George as diminutive smartaleky but warm hearted seemed a bit cliched . As a youngster I saw lots of books and movies with `` the big lug '' and his smart sidekick always looking out for each other but that does n't seem to be the case anymore . We do n't see big people as less smart or small people as more intelligent . In fact it may be the opposite.Of course it 's a great story . I loved the emotional pitch and the powerful ending but I 'm left wondering if it has the timelessness of his other classics .
 Though a short novel , Of Mice and Men is one that everyone should read . Steinbeck 's strong moral viewpoint and incredible prose come together in a terrific novel.The Good
 This book is short , but man it packs a touching message . I had to read it for a class and analyze everything about it and it really is a touching story if you put everything together . The ending completely surprised me , and I can see why George decided to do that . It left me crying for both George and Lennie for everything they had been through . I will never forget this book and will continue reading it throughout the years . Lennie may have been dumb but he was still smart in his own special ways .
 So , of course , I wanted a copy of it!It arrived quickly , in good condition , and I really have no complaints about it - except that I had to go out and buy a box of tissues for the ending . : ' -LRB-
 This is one of my favorite books . It truly encapsulates what life was like for so many during that era . It 's a story of friendship told with beautiful prose . The ending nearly brought me to tears .
 I had to read this book for English class and although I do not like most Steinbeck books I thought `` Of Mice and Men '' was a Very descriptive and realistic Book . The End of it was sad but thoughtfully written and it made sense . all together this book was a quick enjoyable read and I suggest it to anyone who Is a good reader . If you do not read much and your a bad student at school dont read this you will think its boring .
 This is one of my all-time favorite books . It is seemingly a simple story , but with amazing depth marked by terrific prose . I 'll never forget reading this as a younger man and its warmth has stayed with me .
 This is an excellent unabridged production - characters very strong - well done - a great classic.Saw the play after I read it - well worth the money
 ive just finished reading this book and like many others was forced to read it to answer year 11 course work , although i was pleasently surprised . A book full of dreams even in a sad discrimative world . This book shows a very unusual couple Lennie and George working and living together to make their simply dreams come true , until life comes along in its interfering way.The best and most moving thing ive ever read with a true and powerful message true to us all . Not to be missed .
 This book is a good one . When I first read it it was about a six on my scale of 1-10 . But now I have started to realize that it is more of an eight . maybee nine . This book goes so much deeper than one can imagine , and when you think about it it really is a shock . A shock of how much the american dream has changed , and how friendship can be destroyed . This book does make you think of society and the hopes of reaching goals , it challenges and disturbes you as you read it -LRB- actually as you think of it -RRB- . But overall this book is powerful and it plays on your emotions quite weel , so it is definately a good choice of reading .
 A classic , terrific story , I would recommend it to anyone !
 This popular high school or college required reading written by Steinbeck was one book I have never read . Neither have I watched the movie -LRB- 1940 -RRB- or newer versions -LRB- 1981 , 1992 -RRB- . What intrigues me is Amer Library Association has listed the novel as top sixth 100 banned books during 1990-1999 . How can popular novels written by a famous author who earned a Presidential Metal of Freedom in 1964 received banned and challenged review years after initial publication ? Perhaps it was a typo until I confirmed : `` Of Mice and Men '' was banned : Syracuse , Indiana , 1974 ; Oil City , Pennsylvania , 1977 ; Grand Blanc , Michigan , 1979 ; Continental , Ohio , 1980Skyline High School , Scottsboro , Alabama , 1983 . The book was challenged : Greenville , South Carolina , 1977 ; Vernon-Verona-Sherill , NY , School District , 1980 ; St. David , Arizona , 1981 ; Telly City , Indiana , 1982 ; Knoxville , Tennessee , School Board , 1984Steinbeck wrote the novel at his house in Los Gatos , Ca back in 1937 . It was an era of depression ; migrant workers and poverty persisted in the US . Steinbeck had dropped out of Stanford earlier to work on the Sprechels Sugar Ranch in this area as a farm hand . He observed the workers behavior and wrote about them . They represented low education and economically poorly people who would do anything to survive . He accurately described the way things were with no flowerily words.The plot of the novel was quite straight forward.George Mitton -LRB- witty , small -RRB- and Lennie Small -LRB- big man with small brain -RRB- both dreamed of acquiring a little land of their own someday . They also were in need of each other 's company . This was in the middle of the depression years among many poor migrant workers searched for work . As low social class they got no respect in the society . Steinbeck showed his sympathy and concern for the down trodden the way we are concerned with homeless and jobless today.Paired with both accusations and past accidents these two went to work at a Ranch . It was there the readers were introduced to some interesting characters , all seemed to evolve around rancher 's son Curley . Curley is the bully , always ready to pick on those weaker people , but was an unsequired person and a disaster . He failed to be a respected boss # 2 , husband , and a man . His wife -LRB- name never mentioned -RRB- knew what was missing in life . She tried to get Lannie 's attention in taking her . It led to her accidental death . The end of the novel was worth contemplation and debate . Lennie Small hid in the brush and awaited his frightful punishment . George Mitton had to make a decision ; he took matters into his own hands by ending Small 's life . The tragic ending could have been averted . Some writers sometimes believe the ending of a novel to provide vicarious happy endings especially targeted for youth . Steinbeck ended it as a tragedy.Could in the novel George Mitton run away in the novel from the crime scene with the woman ? Would George have waited for justice to be meted out by a bunch of gun carrying migrant workers who were ready to shoot Lennie ? To some readers true literary tragedy is distasteful . This may be one of the reasons that the novel was challenged by many parents if not banned?I thought Steinbeck experimented with novel structured like a play . To satirize its silliness , to attack its injustices , to stigmatize its faults . He achieved this goal remarkably well in this novel . In fact , the book was in the form of a play -LRB- 1937 -RRB- and ended as an opera -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . In retrospect , throughout the novel there were words or vernaculars of improper conduct , vulgar language , presentation of low social class characters which can be objectionable to YA or their parents . I list some examples found from the six chapters including but not limited to :1 . Live off the fatta the lan ' , 2 . Bustin ' a gut , 3 . Cat house , 4 . Health issues like pants rabbits , 5 . Shove out of here , 6 . What the hell 's he got on his shoulder , 7 . Crack and flop , 8 . Goo-goos . The urge to control other 's lives and restrict what they can read appears to be just below the surface . People may deny that they want to censor books and mouth platitudes about appropriate reading material , but the end results are challenges to books in schools and libraries.I would hesitate recommending this book at junior high or grade school . As for YA a novel teaches more than the mechanics of reading , the vernaculars used actually helps to stimulate critical thinking skills . As teenagers they are old enough to discuss and debate the meanings of the vulgar language as it applies today . For college age patrons , they are old enough to vote and fight for America they should be allowed to read as they please.This is a good book to read and to comtemplate .
 Migrant workers George Milton and Lennie Small are the best of friends , though they are complete opposites . Lennie , the big man , provides companionship for George , while George , physically small , takes care of Lennie because Lennie is mentally weak . Sometimes , though , George can get really frustrated and angry at Lennie when he does something wrong , probably without meaning to . But Lennie is so loyal to George that George ca n't be mad at him for a long time.In the story , they find jobs at a farm , where they meet personalities such as Slim , the intelligent , repected leader , Candy , the old , disabled handyman , Crooks , the black , isolated stableworker , Carlson , an insensitive ranch hand , Curley , a mean little guy who is the owner 's son , and Curley 's wife , a `` tart '' . Things at the farm seem to be going alright for awhile , until their spirits are uplifted for a moment and then brought crashing down in an inevitable chain of events . Many of the events in this book appear to be completely random , and Steinbeck even thought about titling it `` Something That Happened '' just to show that this world is unpredictable.The nature of dreams is a powerful theme in the novel . George and Lennie have always had a dream of one day owning their own farm , where they can be secure from the outside world and will not have to worry about Lennie 's costly mistakes . The dream gives their lives meaning , a reason to keep going on . George never really believes they can do it , but Lennie embraces it with childlike enthusiasm and keeps it alive . Of course , Lennie wants the farm so that he can take care of the rabbits . But when Candy and Crooks offer their stakes to join in , George begins to see that this could be for real and starts to make tentative plans to start the next month . However , Lennie 's human imperfection makes the dream ultimately impossible.Loneliness is also a big theme throughout the story . The migrant workers we meet travel alone , and their lives are just a set routine . George and Lennie are not very lonely , since they have each other , but pairs like them are not normal or common . Candy , Crooks and Curley 's wife are all very lonely , and they try to fight their isolation whatever way they can . Curley 's wife flirts with the ranchers against her husbands 's demands . Near the ranch is a town called Soledad , which means `` solitude '' or `` alone '' . All in all , this is a nice , short , thought-provoking read and my favorite Steinbeck book . Steinbeck does a great job in capturing the character 's emotions , thoughts , and feelings . One memorable scene is when Curley picks a fight with Lennie and starts punching him hard . Lennie is scared stiff and takes the abuse until George yells at him to fight back . Lennie then crushes all the bones in Curley 's hand . This is a very dark story of brutal inhumane experiences , sadness and obstacles . Enjoy .
 I 've read quite a few high profile books lately , but it has been years since I have read anything that has affected me at an emotional level as much as Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men . I do n't like to go into deeper meaning in my reviews , but I do think that this book is a timeless parable about yearning for a better life and destroying our dreams for fear of losing them . The book centers on a few days in the life of longtime companions George and Lenny as they look for and find work in order to raise some money . Their goal is to finally have a place of their own where no one can throw them out . The narrative is written in Steinbeck 's crystal clear style where the story and the caracters are the substance more than the way he uses his words . Thus , like all his books , Of Mice and Men is a book anyone can pick up and read without feeling in over their head . Steinbeck does not overcomplicate his work . He is interested in everyone understanding what he has to say and he does so more clearly than any other major modernist writer of his time . His characters are found , in part , in anyone . George and Lenny are well-drawn complex , sympathetic and as complete as they can be for a novel that is only 120 pages -LRB- in large type -RRB- . I rarely say this , but Of Mice and Men is a novel I would recommend to anyone who is interested in a good story . As is typical of Steinbeck , there is something for everyone .
 Writing about such a well-known novel , some readers might think that there is nothing new to add about it , the case being somehow closed forever , both by the march of time and the successive interpretations the work as received ; a close reading proves otherwise . Steinbeck offers a simple narrative that appears to answer many questions , but the real answers probably hide between the lines - explicit explanations are few and far between . The characters and events are soberly presented , and this only serves to further obfuscate the multiple layers of a book which , through its suggestive terseness , borders on myth . In fact , myth itself is built into the work under the guise of a dream that George conveys to Lennie , and then to the old Candy ; a dream that gradually loses its significance for the very man who devised it . ` Of Mice and Men ' is that dream
 George and Lenny are two men traveling while striving to support themselves and make a home together . The message that I gathered was that high hopes and dreams for a better future could make a miserable today more tolerable . The main characters are George and Lenny . They are best friends and watch over each other as they travel together . Lenny is unable to take care of himself because of his mental disabilities . George sees him for who he is and is his true friend regardless of the negative things Lenny does . Lenny is an extremely large man and does not understand his strength and the harm he is capable of causing . This leads him to the conflicts that occurred between Curley and his wife . This is the one thing that Lenny did that could not go unpunished for . It is George that did the right thing for his friend Lenny in the end.I can really relate to this story from a personal experience of my own . My good friend from my childhood always had so much going for him . I do n't think he even realized all that he was worth and capable of . Based on his actions it was plainly obvious that he did not see this . He started using drugs , then selling drugs , and then the last straw was when he put himself in the hospital by overdosing . His parents were blinded by what a good kid he was ; they did n't understand what was happening . I knew he would be upset with me for telling on him , but it was the most loving thing I could do to save him from his destructive path . He is now clean and sober and has numerously thanked me for caring enough to bring the problem to the surface . So , like George , I looked past what I did n't want to do and did what was best for my friend.I really enjoyed reading this book because Steinbeck was so descriptive with his choice of words in this novel . I could actually picture each event in the story like I was watching a movie , but better . I love books like this because they are the ones that I ca n't put down , which makes reading so enjoyable . My favorite parts of the book are every time George and Lenny talk about their dream of having their own farm with the rabbits . It seemed like such a beautiful dream . It made me wish that I had a farm of my own . I did n't like how the novel ended with George and Lenny because they were so close and I hoped that they would remain friends forever . I would n't change anything about this book because it was written by a great author and is a classic , even today . It ended just the way it was meant to because any other way would not have given the same message about friendship.I think that everyone should read this book at least once in their life because it is an excellent work of literature . It is full of excitement and adventure that would keep anyone 's mind occupied and entertained . This novel is not really directed to a certain type of person . Each character is different and unique . I would definitely recommend this book to everyone .
 Of Mice and Men is a great book that I enjoyed very much . Basically , it is about two friends named George and Lennie who try to live and work in a normal life . George is short , but very intelligent while Lennie is the opposite ; he is tall and strong . However Lennie also had a mental disability that severely impacted his and George 's goal . Due to the disability , George has to take extra care of Lennie and show him what 's right and wrong . The only thing he could n't stop was Lennie 's love of petting soft things , like animals . This was a bad thing because Lennie always accidentally kills anything he pets . This aspect of the disability and the disability in general lead to many difficulties in George 's life and many conflicts with the locals . Of Mice and Men is a book filled with suspense and action that will keep the reader flipping through the pages.As you all may know , Of Mice and Men is currently banned from schools for reasons that are unknown to me . Whatever those reasons may be , I stand firmly by my position that the novel should not have been banned . The only reason I can think of to ban the novel is that it morally sets a bad example for the readers . One of its many themes is that frustration can have an impact on people , like George . Using this theme in his novel , Steinbeck sends a message to the reader saying anything -LRB- and I mean ANYTHING -RRB- that gets in the way of living a nice , normal life should be eliminated . Despite the negativity of this message , I believe that every person who reads this novel is old and mature enough to not take that message too seriosly and to not implement it in their lives . In my opinion , there are only two reasons why people read . One is for the sheer fun and enjoyment of it . The other is that sometimes , people have to do it in order to get something done . Notice how using a novel 's themes in life is not included in the two choices . However , there are exceptions . There are definitely books that DO have an impact on someone 's life , but in most cases this does not occur . There are n't too many books in the world that are powerful enough to change the way a person thinks or acts.Speaking of worlds , Of Mice and Men is both positive and negative to the literary world . It 's negative because it sends the reader the bad message that was previously stated above . On the other hand , the novel is positive to the literary world because it clearly depicts how hard life is when living with a mentally retarded person that must be monitered constantly . The reader can actually feel the frustration and anger inside of him/her as he/she reads about Lennie doing something stupid again . I know I did when I read about Lennie continuing to pet a rat that he has already killed . A lot of respect and recognition should go to the people who have to deal with people such as Lennie . Also , the novel is positive to the literary world because it 's a dang good book . Do n't be fooled by the minute size of the book , it 's definitely well worth the time to read . : -RRB-
 Of Mice and Men is a great book that I enjoyed very much . Basically , it is about two friends named George and Lennie who try to live and work in a normal life . George is short , but very intelligent while Lennie is the opposite ; he is tall and strong . However Lennie also had a mental disability that severely impacted his and George 's goal . Due to the disability , George has to take extra care of Lennie and show him what 's right and wrong . The only thing he could n't stop was Lennie 's love of petting soft things , like animals . This was a bad thing because Lennie always accidentally kills anything he pets . This aspect of the disability and the disability in general lead to many difficulties in George 's life and many conflicts with the locals . Of Mice and Men is a book filled with suspense and action that will keep the reader flipping through the pages.As you all may know , Of Mice and Men is currently banned from schools for reasons that are unknown to me . Whatever those reasons may be , I stand firmly by my position that the novel should not have been banned . The only reason I can think of to ban the novel is that it morally sets a bad example for the readers . One of its many themes is that frustration can have an impact on people , like George . Using this theme in his novel , Steinbeck sends a message to the reader saying anything -LRB- and I mean ANYTHING -RRB- that gets in the way of living a nice , normal life should be eliminated . Despite the negativity of this message , I believe that every person who reads this novel is old and mature enough to not take that message too seriosly and to not implement it in their lives . In my opinion , there are only two reasons why people read . One is for the sheer fun and enjoyment of it . The other is that sometimes , people have to do it in order to get something done . Notice how using a novel 's themes in life is not included in the two choices . However , there are exceptions . There are definitely books that DO have an impact on someone 's life , but in most cases this does not occur . There are n't too many books in the world that are powerful enough to change the way a person thinks or acts.Speaking of worlds , Of Mice and Men is both positive and negative to the literary world . It 's negative because it sends the reader the bad message that was previously stated above . On the other hand , the novel is positive to the literary world because it clearly depicts how hard life is when living with a mentally retarded person that must be monitered constantly . The reader can actually feel the frustration and anger inside of him/her as he/she reads about Lennie doing something stupid again . I know I did when I read about Lennie continuing to pet a rat that he has already killed . A lot of respect and recognition should go to the people who have to deal with people such as Lennie . Also , the novel is positive to the literary world because it 's a dang good book . Do n't be fooled by the minute size of the book , it 's definitely well worth the time to read . : -RRB-
 I read this book on vacation in Switzerland . My aunt bought it for me and I read it through that very same night . A hell of an involved book that makes demands of judgment on the reader . Interactive and engaging . Really questions your morals and `` what you would have done . ''
 I thought that this book was very good . I enjoyed every page . Forget what some of the other readers said about the book having `` no plot '' . Obviously , they do n't know what a plot is !
 This book is a excellent book that has alot of symbolism . There are many themes in this book , but one important theme was `` The American Dream '' and Love = Death . This book will relate to anyone , or almost everyone . : * -RRB-
 the message that the author relays in this novel is an excellent one . I read it only to find my self identifying to most of the characters.My only problem with the book is the fact that George feels he has no choice but to kill Lennie . I guess that that was the whole point of the book . Humanity is frail and lonley . This point is well expressed in the book .
 An unforgettable , highly moving story with much to say about love , yearning , and loss . So powerful and affecting , it is a crime that some schools keep the book from teenagers who would undoubtedly find the story hugely important and compelling . The book is a subtle , but very powerful indictment of predjudice and mistreatment of the weak . For that reason alone , the book should be celebrated and taught regularly in our schools . A great classic .
 It was a wicked book just very emotional it was great in the sense of friendship between too people . I would recommend the book to just about anyone .
 Of mice and Men is a grasping thriller that will bring you as close as family to a couple of hustlers working as barley buckers in the fields of Salinas , California to hopefully get enough money to get a ranch in which they can call their own . George , a down to earth guy with a rough outter impression and a sensitive inside traveling with Lennie , a huge man with the brain and heart of a child . You travel along with them as George tries to protect Lennie from reality and Lennie gets caught between his fantasy of tending rabbits and reality . As you will find though , George can not protect Lennie all the time and Lennie gets himself in trouble again , which will evenrually lead to a devestating ending in which George is forced to kill his dear partner who never meant bad to anyone .
 George Milton and Lennie Small are two on the road workers . Barely surviving off of less than minimum wage , they have a dream of owning their own farming ranch . Lennie being retarded , is protected by George , making them continuous `` farm buddies '' . Then one day Lennie gets scared of a girl trying to seduce him , and accidentally kills her . Lennie runs away with a search party after him . Written by John Steinbeck in 1937 it is widely honored around the country !
 This is a gripping tale about two men.One is smart while the other is slow.The retarded one is named Lennie and the other is named Geroge.Lennie has the IQ of a 8 year old.George has to look out after Lennie and ca n't seem to leave him alone for a few seconds.Lennie infacuation with soft things , get 's him in trouble.One time already George has to get them out of a predicament because of this.This is a really a good book and I would reccomend it to any Teen , becuase I have read this book in school , and I am in the eight grade.YOu have to be mature to read this or you wo n't fully understand it !
 This is the best book I ever read about love and humanity . After reading this book , I realized that life is short and uncertain . I was unhappy when I was asigned to read this book , but I could n't put down after I started it . You ! yees , you ! If you are reading this review , I beg you to order this book right now . Then read it , relate it to yourself and others and Read it ! I am sure you will discover something .
 This book is very nice and it should be a full 5 stars with out a question , its a very interesting story about this retard -LRB- literally -RRB- who falls in love and gets in trouble while his friend has to always get him out of it ... and it ends tragically ...
 I think this is an excellent story which is very thought provoking . It 's a tale of two unlikely partners who are in pursuit of their American dream . The dream ends tragically for many of the characters , who are all very different yet very similar in predicament . I ` ts not long , but I 'd definitely recommend this book .
 What a touching story about everlasting friendship between two friends named George and Lenny ! ` Of Mice and Men ' is a true masterpiece !
 Steinbeck tells a spectacular story about two men . One is George Milton , the other is Lennie Small . I will not tell you everything that happens , but it is worth reading . I like the foreshadowing he used with Old Candy 's dog -LRB- you will have to read the book to understand -RRB- .
 This exquisitely crafted , gorgeously written , wonderful and shattering story is read by Gary Sinise , a fine actor whose gravelly voice suits the material and whose love of Steinbeck is manifested in every line .
 I thought John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' was a very good book . My ninth grade english class read this book together and I loved it . Steinbeck takes everything into account , even how they spoke and the language they used in the day the book is based in . And how they act towards one another and to those of different races is accurate , too . The story of two friends , one smart and the other not too bright , is very well done . This is an excellent book and I recommend it .
 I read this book yesterday and I am still reeling from the effect that the ending had on me.I have a friend who hates books that make her feel anything . She says she reads for entertainment and not to educate herself . If you are one of those people -LRB- those simple , scared people -RRB- then do n't read this book . It 'll break you . I do n't think that I breathed once during the last chapter.But if you 're a person that wants to broaden your horizons and learn something about the world from a book , I suggest you read this book right away.I will never be the same . And I 'm glad of that .
 This book was the only book I 've ever read that made me cry . They way Steinback describes his settings in the California landscape is spectacular . I felt like I was auctually in the dirty bunkhouse , watcing the men play cards . It is an amazing novel and I strongly suggest you read it .
 Of the Steinbeck books I 've read this year , Of Mice and Men is far and away my favorite , maybe even my favorite book of all time . The story itself is incredible -- two men of the poor working class wandering from town to town and job to job , hoping to raise enough money to one day buy that piece of land they 've always wanted . Lenny 's character is the most dynamic in the book , and through his childishness and puerility you find yourself very attached to him . I wo n't ruin the ending for anyone reading this , but I will say that there is no happily-ever-after ending .
 After studying this for GCSE in England I was amazed , a book which really touched the depths of my heart . Do n't miss out on this stunning book .
 This book is a really great book . It teaches respect . One of the men in this book his name is Lennie . Lennie is mentally challenged . He is n't all that challenged because he and do a lot of things and remember a lot of things as well . Now he has a friend named George . George helps Lennie throughout the whole book . George is like a bigger brother to Lennie , but he really is n't . George and Lennie go around trying to get jobs hoping one day they can make enough money to own their own farm . They land a job at this one farm . They become friends with the other men who live and work there . Lennie even though he is challenged he is a very big , strong man . He gets in a fight with another man there and he crushes his hand . The way that George helps Lennie in this book I thought was respectful and a good thing.Its not like George treats Lennie bad and is disrespectful to him , he treats him with respect and when I read this book it taught me a lot about other people like Lennie . Now I could tell you what happened at the end f this book , but i 'm not going to . If you really liked this review and you 're really interested you will just have to read '' Of Mice and men ' by John Stienbeck .
 An excellent piece of classic American literature , painting a very detailed picture of early America and the foot and thumb tradition.Steinbeck 's writing are in what I assume his finest form . The incorporation of slang and half-witted conversations adds to the atmosphere of this novel . It essentially is a story of Lenny -LRB- a slow giant-like person -RRB- , and George -LRB- the quick and sharp brains of the two -RRB- . The bond they share is quite unforgettable as the losses they both take paint a strong image of brotherhood between males .
 Of Mice and Men is a great prototype for gritty realism . At the end there are no sunsets or glorious lifting of burdens that leave the protagonists free from worry for all time . However , it is n't an exercise in sorrow either . It is a portrait of a life and of two men trying to make one together . Yet , the one with the brains can only do so much , as the childlike giant is a danger to everyone around him , without meaning to be . This is one of Steinbeck 's classics and for good reason . It is short yet it says everything it needs to say , which I think is one of the marks of a great writer
 John Steinbeck does an incredible job of using what was happening during the time period to influence his characters . His two characters George and Lennie were complete opposites but they fit together perfectly . This book shows how even the hardest thing to do could be the best choice in life . George is a more serious minded man who just wants to stay on the good side of his boss on whatever job he is doing . Lennie always wants to hear about their future dream life and play with mice . Lennie is big and he does n't always realize that he can hurt or even kill things . George promised Aunt Clara -LRB- the lady who looked over Lennie -RRB- that when she died that she could count on him to look out for Lennie . If you need a good book , that is not too long and has a great story and also a lot of good but not complicated symbolism , this is a great pick !
 I 'm a big fan of Steinbeck to begin with . This book does a superb job of characterization . In my mind the two main characters , George and Lennie have such great personalities and they are complete opposites but for the story line they compliment each other beautifully . This is a piece of literature that really allows the reader to envision the characters and also shows the development of what it was like to live during this time period in America .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is certainly a tragedy , and I would certainly not recommend you read the book if you are n't a place where you can cry openly . Steinberg has written a powerful book that will touch on very sensitive emotions as you follow the character George and Lenny through a short section of their lives together . The relationship between Lenny and George is related to the reader almost entirely through dilouge , allowing the reader to provide much of their own interpretations . Their relationship is the basis of the novel , and is only further developed through the use of other , very animated characters.This is not an action packed adventure , or a steamy romance , or even a suspense filled mystery , but instead a story of a very simply kind of love between very simple characters looking only for a simple existance .
 this book has been great it brings a lot of emotions and it 's cool to see different types of people caring for each other and having a real great friendship until the end ...
 Of Mice and Men is a brilliant work of love , hate , companionship , and morals ; which reaffirms Steinbeck 's place in literary history . The character Lennie holds a place in all our hearts as we traverse the odd little ranch-hand world of the early 1900s . This story takes you back into the lives of two of the most intriguing characters readers will ever come across . The plot twists and turns through interesting predicaments , one after another . Only to arrive at its gripping , and depressing , yet cheering , but melancholy , and still joyous ending ; all wrapped up with a sense of foreboding that makes you wish for a sequel ... but want to let it be at the same time . Everyone should read this book ... it will open your eyes to reevaluate your future .
 The novel , which take place during the Great Depresion , bigind beside the Salinas river near Soledad , California , where two migrant workers , Lennie Small and George Milton , are walking on thier way to a near by ranch . George is his phisical opposite , a small man with defined features . George scolds Lennie for playing with a dead mouse . Lennie get in a lot of touble . George take care of Lennie because he got a small mind.This book is really interesting because its show you that relationship between two bestfriends .
 John Steinbeck who is the author of this book `` Of Mice And Man '' , wrote about the forgotten people like the lonely migrant workers.Lennie and George are two migrant worker with different personalities . Lennie is a huge man with an ironic mind , he all the time gets in trouble accidently , George is a small man , but has a quick mind . These two left Weed to Soledad where they attemped to realize their dreams which is to get their own land and have a good life , not to spend their money at a cat house . Since they are not lonely like the other migrant workers . Lennie and George have each others.This book is wonderful and at the same time sad.I recommend this book because it exlains the value of friendship , how the migrant workers are lonely , how they live and what their dreams are.In this book i love the innocent Lennie as well as George who did his best to protect his only and best friend .
 OF MICE AND MEN is one of those sadly rare , short , truly beautiful stories that stay with you forever , the sort of story that you can tell from the beginning -- if its reputation has n't preceded it , that is -- will be terribly sad . The sort of story that depicts a cruel , unfair , appalling world in the most sensitive and loving way possible.In short , a classic.The story is of George , a small , sharp man , and his friend/protege Lennie , a huge , muscular gentle giant with dull wits , who wants nothing more than peace and quiet and little animals . His grandest dream is to someday own a farm with George , where they can have animals -- and Lennie can tend the rabbits . George and Lennie stick together , even after the unthinkable happens and Lennie 's strength betrays them both . And when it does , George has to make the most difficult choice he has ever made , one that will haunt him forever -- a choice where there really is no `` right '' answer.This is a read-in-one-sitting kind of book , but do n't let that fool you into thinking it 's light reading . It 's powerful , immensely so . It shows , all at once , the hopelessness of human hatred , the helplessness of those caught in it , and the strength that can come through even despite these things . The ending may leave you crying , but it will not leave you depressed , even though all the things that happened are tragic , even though there is no escape now from the spiral of monotony and pointlessness that rules the lives of the workers . Somehow , the author pulls it off.And for that , it is a classic.Rating
 It 's undisputed that Steinbeck 's novel is a gem of its own rights . Add to that Gary Sinise , a great actor who very obviously has a soft spot for this particular book -LRB- Gary Sinise has done Of Mice And Men on stage as well as for the movies -RRB- and it 's magic that is created.One man 's voice turns from narrating to snarky to hatefilled to sad with a burden too heavy to carry in the span of moments . It 's a brilliant interpretation Gary Sinise is delivering . I could n't stop listening and was carried to a place where sycamore leaves were rustling under my feet . Amazing !
 From the first page I fell in love with John Steinbeck 's way of writing - his humble and delicate language.In this sweet novel Steinbeck has created an interesting set of characters and he chose to set the novel a few miles south of Soledad -LRB- loneliness in Spanish -RRB- in the 1930 's . It tells the story of the two friends , George -LRB- the smart one -RRB- Lennie -LRB- the dumb one -RRB- , whom have no family , and no place that they can call `` home '' . To make a living Lennie and George work on the different farms around , trying to save up money . They have a dream of buying a place of their own . . A piece of land where they can grow their own crop and where Lennie can have rabbits . It is this dream that keeps these two friends going.This short novel captures you easily . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a touching and sad story about friendship and the need for everyone to belong . Well written and highly recommended !
 This stellar classic of American literature is about the sustaining power of dreams , the synergy of partnership and the heroic sacrifice of one man for another who needed help just to get through the day . Steinbeck 's masterful novella is played out by a pair of itinerant farm workers traveling together during the Great Depression . The large , muscular and mentally challenged Lennie is dependent on the small but world-wise and devoted George . The villains are the vicious and newly married Curley , son of the ranch owner , and his trampy wife -LRB- who remains unnamed throughout the book . -RRB- With the financial help of Candy , a fellow worker , George and Lennie 's dream of owning a small farm seems within grasp , despite Curley 's bullying of Lennie . But the emotional bullying of Curley 's wife proves destructive to the gentle giant . In the end , George and the farm hands remain loyal to Lennie despite an horrific crime he accidentally commits.Film and stage versions have mutilated the roles of Curleys ' wife and Lennie , softening her to appeal to the female audience and hardening Lennie , but the evidence of CW as an unsympathetic character is there on the page
 Published in 1937 , `` Of Mice and Men '' is a novella written by Nobel Prize-winner , John Steinbeck . George Milton and Lennie Small , are migrant workers during the Great Depression . George is a witty , intelligent man who looks after his giant counterpart , Lennie.Lennie is a kind , mentally handicapped man who has an obsession for stroking soft things . But because of his size , he possesses super-human strength and can not control it.The two characters are fleeing the town of `` Weed , '' California because Lennie was accused of rape for touching a woman 's soft dress.They both share a dream of owning their own homestead . George wants to be his own man and Lennie dreams of holding and tending to his own rabbits.Being hired on a ranch , they soon find themselves intimidated by Curley , a pugnacious man with a massive inferiority complex who immediately takes a dislike to Lennie because of his size.During the course of the story , Curley 's wife becomes infatuated with Lennie . She is a provocative , but lonely woman who flirts with the ranch hands to fulfill her dreams of becoming a movie star . One night , Curley comes to the bunkhouse and starts taunting Lennie . He takes the abuse until George gives him permission to defend himself and crushes Curley 's hand.One of the ranch hands , Candy , offers to help George with the money to buy their farm if he can help tend to it , and they are ecstatic as their dreams of freedom are about to come true . Leaving Lennie behind , George and Candy ride into town to buy the land.Lennie is given a puppy and ca n't abstain from holding it . Inside the stable , he accidentally kills it by petting it too hard . At this time , Curley 's wife enters the stable to be alone with Lennie . She finds out that Lennie 's passion is stroking soft things and offers to let him stroke her soft hair . She panics when she realizes the untamed strength of this large man and begins to scream . Lennie panics in a fit to make her be quiet and accidentally breaks her neck.I do n't want to give away the ending , but I urge you to read this gripping story.This is genuinely a true to life story by John Steinbeck , and below is a statement made by him in an interview in the New York Times in 1937 : `` I was a bindlestiff myself for quite a spell . I worked in the same country that the story is laid in . The characters are composites to a certain extent . Lennie was a real person . He 's in an insane asylum in California right now . I worked alongside him for many weeks . He did n't kill a girl . He killed a ranch foreman . Got sore because the boss had fired his pal and stuck a pitchfork right through his stomach . I hate to tell you how many times I saw him do it . We could n't stop him until it was too late . ''
 Thanks to someone who callously spoiled the ending for me , I was able to appreciate most of the symbolism and themes that led up to the ending . Typically the topic of `` great American dream '' do n't appeal to me in literature -LRB- such as in Death of Salesman -RRB- , because it brought with it the innocence and naivet&eacute; of a much too bygone era . -LRB- Today we have Occupy Wallstreet and the class warfare of the 1 % vs. the rest -RRB- . But this novella captured the desire of every man not to make it in vast fortunes or greed , but for a little bit of independence , a little bit of one 's own earth and sky . The message hits the spot at this time .
 Due to its simplicity , it is almost easy to overlook John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' as one of the premier works of American literature . Yet calling it simplistic does great injustice to a story that so eloquently captures a time and a way of life , a story that drifts quickly into being and all too quickly ends . Even though it is short , the impact of Steinbeck 's novel lingers long after in the reader 's conscience and heart . `` Of Mice and Men '' is the tale of two men , George Milton who dreams of owning his own place one day , and Lennie Smalls , the idiot with brute strength who sticks to George like glue . Because George feels responsible for Lennie the two travel together in a time when most men would set out on their own . Certainly George 's life would be a lot easier if Lennie were not in tow , but that 's the lot he 's accepted , even after having to flee a town because a woman accused Lennie of rape . From the very start both George and Lennie are leery of their new position and premonitions abound that disaster is constantly around the corner . Steinbeck crafts a unique blend of characters , all of whom capture quintessentially the dialect of time and place , as George and Lennie 's premonitions come to fruition , and heartbreaking decisions must be made.This short novel is difficult to put down and is easily read in very short time . Steinbeck 's writing is effortless and lyric , his chapters beginning with vivid sensory descriptions of place to set the scene before his characters enter to bring life to his words . There is nothing forced in Steinbeck 's novels , especially his California set pieces that help define regionalism and naturalism in American literature . Many would crown Ernest Hemingway as `` the '' American author , but Steinbeck more rightfully holds that place , in my opinion . While Hemingway did capture brilliantly the voice of the Lost Generation , Steinbeck achieved more to define America and American literature in his novels , as evidenced with this masterpiece . It is one of the best works in American literature , one that can be read and reread and seem new each time .
 The tension and pathos in John Steinbeck 's `` playable novel '' , `` Of Mice and Men '' is palpable . It tells the story of George Milton and Lennie Small , two itinerant field workers in 1930s depression era California . Milton , a cynical , intelligent man , by a combination of habit , intent , solicitude , friendship , love , loneliness and , one might even say , bad luck , has allowed himself to become the surrogate father or brother for his companion traveler , Lennie Small . Small , -LRB- undoubtedly a name chosen by Steinbeck for its irony -RRB- is a retarded adult with the social skills and gracelessness of a young child , trapped in the body of an enormous and physically powerful man.Forced to run away from their last job when Small was wrongfully accused of rape , Milton and Small have now found a quiet farm and a crew with which they hope they work long enough to accumulate a stake . They want to buy a small piece of property that they can farm for themselves . Lennie 's sole childlike dream for retirement is to live with his friend George and `` tend rabbits '' . But , once again , Small 's complete lack of adult social skills and the failure to understand the magnitude of his own strength undermine their dreams when Curley , the owner 's mean-spirited and small-minded son draws Small into a fight and his lonely wife uses her attractiveness and feminine wiles to draw him into a conversation that ends in tragedy . `` Of Mice and Men '' is a short novella . At only 118 pages , it can be digested in a mere two to three hours . Written as a `` playable novel '' , the story is told almost exclusively in dialogue with the intent that it would translate easily into a three act play . Such small bits of narrative and exposition as exist in the story actually serve more by way of stage directions and hints as to the scenery backdrop that might be used in the live stage production that Steinbeck envisaged when he wrote it.But for all its simplicity and brevity , the power and pathos of the themes of helplessness and loneliness embodied in Steinbeck 's story are not to be denied . As with so many other classic novels that I 've finally had the good sense to read over the last two years , I feel like I 've not only come late to the party but all of the other party-goers have already come and gone . Well , I 'm sure I was n't the only one but if you 're one of the few people who read and enjoy classic literature in the English language , `` Of Mice and Men '' deserves a place on your must-read list . It will be a hard-hearted reader indeed who comes away from `` Of Mice and Men '' without a lump in the throat.Highly recommended.Paul Weiss
 As a teacher , I purchased this audio CD of Of Mice and Men and absolutely loved it . I used it with my 10th graders , and they enjoyed it so much , that every day they asked if we were going to listen to the CD and read the book ! I noticed that my most reluctant readers were actually overjoyed!Gary Sinise does an excellent job voicing the characters and the CDs were pretty easy to navigate . I fully intend on using the audio CD 's with my students from now on ! My sophomores from last year are still asking when I 'm going to teach Of Mice and Men , even though they do n't have me anymore ! I was extremely satisfied with the quality of the CD and excited to be able to bring John Steinbeck to my students attention , which is extremely important , considering we live within miles of where the book takes place and where Steinbeck lived -LRB- Salinas/Soledad -RRB- . I highly recommend purchasing this CD !
 It took me a measly three hours to read John Steinbeck 's classic tragedy ` Of Mice and Men ' , a novel that , while written in 1937 , still holds so true today . Steinbeck 's accounting of sheer loneliness and desperation is so brilliantly captured that the reader is brought to tears -LRB- for me in a literal sense -RRB- to realize that this is all these people had to live for , a pipe dream that refused to die . The story focuses mainly on George Milton and Lennie Small , but as you read you 'll notice that a few supporting characters play a big role in the heartbreak that this novel conveys.George is a small framed man , lean and dwarfed in comparison to his companion Lennie , the tall large strong man , but what Lennie has in strength and size he lacks in smarts . He is , for lack of another word , mentally retarded . But Lennie does possess a simple soul and a heart of gold , which alone makes this tale all the more tragic . George , in fulfillment of a promise he made to Lennie 's Aunt Clare , takes care of Lennie , taking him with him to work in the fields bucking wheat and the like . When they make it to their next job they find that they are n't the only ones trying to find a better lot in life.First they meet Candy , an older man who 's been injured on the job and thus kept around for sympathy 's sake . He sweeps the living areas and lives his life one miserable day at a time . He 's slipping into uselessness and the very thought of amounting to nothing digs deeper and deeper into his soul . Crooks is the negro stable hand , an outcast from the others not only because of his skin color but also because of his disability , being crippled due to a horse accident -LRB- he was kicked in the back -RRB- and thus he spends most of his time alone in his room . They also meet the boss 's son Curly , a jerk of a man who is so insecure about his size and his marriage that he 's willing to throw it down with anyone he sees , and he sets the blunt of his rage on poor Lennie because of his size and his demeanor.To me the most interesting and even heartbreaking character is that of Curly 's wife . Ostracized by the working men because of her husbands temper and disregarded by her own husband because of his carelessness and blatant jealousy she 's left all alone with no one to talk to and no real place to call home . She 's regarded by the men as a tart , a floozy who wants all the wrong kinds of attention but in all actuality she just wants any kind of attention she can get for any kind is better than no kind . After the tragic circumstances involving Lennie and Curly 's wife the author makes a statement that to me sums up this poor woman when he says that `` all the meanness and the planning 's and the discontent and the ache for attention were all gone from her face . '' She was alone and desperate just like everyone else.The one thing that kept these stock of characters going , Lennie in particular , was the prospect of getting out , of getting their own place where they could plant and cultivate and `` tend rabbits '' and be their own men . When this idea is shared between Candy and Crooks they too jump at the idea of getting away from it all and feeling whole again , feeling complete and being far away from the loneliness of it all . The worst kind of loneliness is the kind you feel even when you 're around other people for its then that you know you 're truly alone in every sense of the word.Most people are aware of the horrific ending , but in case you are not then I will say nothing further on the subject . Just know that this novel is one of the finest pieces of American Literature and is sure to bring tears to your eyes . While this is just barely over 100 pages it still magnificently captures every emotion and feeling that can possibly be provided here . The characters are brilliantly crafted and their innermost demons are bared all for us to see and to relate . I will never forget this masterpiece and will recommend this to anyone who enjoys good reading . It 's a quick read , but it 's not one to soon be forgotten .
 Book came on time and was in great condition . I could n't have been happier with the sender .
 This book was absolutely hilarious , by far the funniest book i 've ever read ! It 's a barrel of laughs with a new surprise around every corner ! I do n't like to give away the end of books , but I just ca n't help myself ! The part when they fly to Paris , and that crazy stuardess ! I know , I know , i laughed my fanny off ! If you 're looking for laughs , this is definately it ! Enjoy !
 borrowed it for holiday and lost it before i read it , have yet to read it
 This popular high school or college required reading written by Steinbeck was one book I have never read . Neither have I watched the movie -LRB- 1940 -RRB- or newer versions -LRB- 1981 , 1992 -RRB- . What intrigues me is ALA has listed the novel as top sixth 100 banned books during 1990-1999 . How can popular novels written by a famous author who earned a Presidential Metal of Freedom in 1964 received banned and challenged review years after initial publication ? Perhaps it was a typo until I confirmed : `` Of Mice and Men '' was banned : Syracuse , Indiana , 1974 ; Oil City , Pennsylvania , 1977 ; Grand Blanc , Michigan , 1979 ; Continental , Ohio , 1980Skyline High School , Scottsboro , Alabama , 1983 . The book was challenged : Greenville , South Carolina , 1977 ; Vernon-Verona-Sherill , NY , School District , 1980 ; St. David , Arizona , 1981 ; Telly City , Indiana , 1982 ; Knoxville , Tennessee , School Board , 1984Steinbeck wrote the novel at his house in Los Gatos back in 1937 . It was an era of depression ; migrant workers and poverty persisted in the US . Steinbeck had dropped out of Stanford earlier to work on the Sprechels Sugar Ranch in this area as a farm hand . He observed the workers behavior and wrote about them . They represented low education and economically poorly people who would do anything to survive . He accurately described the way things were with no flowerily words.The plot of the novel was quite simple.George Mitton -LRB- witty , small -RRB- and Lennie Small -LRB- big man with small brain -RRB- both dreamed of acquiring a little land of their own someday . They also were in need of each other . This was in the middle of the depression years among many poor migrant workers searched for work . As low social class they got no respect in the society . Steinbeck showed his sympathy and concern for the down trodden the way we are concerned with homeless and jobless today.Paired with both accusations and past accidents these two went to work at a Ranch . It was there the readers were introduced to some interesting characters , all seemed to evolve around rancher 's son Curley . Curley is the bully , always ready to pick on those weaker people , but was an insured failure in a big way . He failed to be a respected boss # 2 , husband , and a man . His wife -LRB- name never mentioned -RRB- knew what was missing in life . She tried to get Lannie 's attention in taking her . It led to her accidental death . There in the barn among the dark , dank smell of hay the one event after another began to unravel.The end of the novel was worth contemplation and debate . Lennie Small hid in the brush and awaited his frightful punishment . George Mitton had to make a decision ; he took matters into his own hands by ending Small 's life . The tragic ending could have been averted . Some writers sometimes believe the ending of a novel to provide vicarious happy endings especially targeted for youth . Steinbeck ended it as a tragedy.Could in the novel George Mitton run away in the novel from the crime scene with the woman ? Would George have waited for justice to be meted out by a bunch of gun carrying migrant workers who were ready to shoot Lennie ? To some readers true literary tragedy is distasteful . This may be one of the reasons that the novel was challenged by many parents if not banned?I thought Steinbeck experimented with novel structured like a play . He believed the writer 's duty and served as watchdog of society . To satirize its silliness , to attack its injustices , to stigmatize its faults . He achieved this goal remarkably well in this novel . In fact the book was in the form of a play -LRB- 1937 -RRB- and ended as an opera -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . In retrospect , throughout the novel there were words or vernaculars of improper conduct , vulgar language , presentation of low social class characters which can be objectionable to YA or their parents . I list some examples found from the six chapters including but not limited to :1 . Live off the fatta the lan ' , 2 . Bustin ' a gut , 3 . Cat house , 4 . Health issues like pants rabbits , 5 . Shove out of here , 6 . What the hell 's he got on his shoulder , 7 . Crack and flop , 8 . Goo-goos . The urge to control other 's lives and restrict what they can read appears to be just below the surface . People may deny that they want to censor books and mouth platitudes about appropriate reading material , but the end results are challenges to books in schools and libraries.I would hesitate recommending this book at junior high or grade school . Outstanding novel like Of Mice and Men rises just above the safety threhold and basic functional reading to which some teachers or adults would restrict youth to read . As for YA a novel teaches much more than the mechanics of reading , the vernaculars used actually helps to stimulate critical thinking skills . As teenagers they are old enough to discuss and debate the meanings of the vulgar language as it applies today . For college age patrons , they are old enough to vote and fight for America they should be allowed to read as they please .
 Imagine lying in the grass with your head facing the stars , a stream trickling by . You can hear the stream seem to lull you in , and you feel the pleasures of a hot , crackling fire , being managed by someone else . Sounds perfect , right ? Well , for George , in John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men , it is anything but perfect . George is taking care of a man named Lennie , who is mentally ill , and dangerous at that . After grabbing a girl and not letting go , Lennie , under George 's strict supervision , is helped to flee . They find a job at a farm in the country , and things are going well - at least , that 's how it seems . This book combines distinguished writing with a remarkable plot , summing up to a great , touching ending.At the beginning of each chapter Steinbeck describes the setting of the chapter . This technique is fine for some , but bad for others . This style forces the reader who is n't interested yet to read about the place that is being described . If Steinbeck waited a while to explain these things , readers would really be interested in what they were reading -LRB- whereas in the beginning of the chapter this is n't so -RRB- . However , some people disagree and like to have lots of description so they know exactly what they 're reading about . A perfect example is the beginning of the second chapter . After explaining the setting of this room in great detail , Steinbeck pauses . Then he goes on to say , `` The door opened and a tall , stoop-shouldered old man came in . He was dressed in blue jeans and he carried a big push-broom in his left hand . Behind him came George , and behind George , Lennie . `` But after the beginning of each chapter , description dwindles to a perfect amount . The book really flows with dialogue and description combined . The dialogue is used in such a critical way , and Steinbeck really took advantage of the fact that he could express whatever he wanted through dialogue . This writing style also makes the readers able to suspect things , rather than to be told things . Readers are left to figure it out for themselves , making it more believable as well . At the end of the book , it is hard to understand what is happening until you read the dialogue that followed the action . This was a great aspect of the book.Another clever thing Steinbeck established in the beginning of the book was a theme of a farm with rabbits , in which George and Lennie are to live off the fatta the lan ' . It is shown very clearly -LRB- also through dialogue -RRB- that this is Lennie 's dream , what he lives for . It also gives the reader hope , which makes people want to continue reading - they want to find out if this dream or wish ever happens . It is a sign of a good author that he can convey emotions so strongly . One of the most touching books , Of Mice and Men stands out . Steinbeck was gutsy in his choices as a writer , and because of that , the ending does n't make the reader necessarily feel sad , the reader feels moved . Something Steinbeck does a good job of is making readers change their mind so many times about what they think of Lennie , and if they feel sorry for George , admire George , hope Lennie dies for George 's sake ... the list goes on.This was one of the best classic novels . It is a good book to read if you 're looking for something that can draw you in in a short time , and it is hard to put down once you start . Of Mice and Men is definitely a classic worth reading - and re-reading . It is amazing that Steinbeck was able to write this story with such a compellng writing style , gripping plot , and high level of emotion in so few pages .
 Besides being a great classic , -LRB- I wont review the book because most people have done that here -RRB- , Gary Sinese 's reading is flawless ! He 's on top of my list for Audiobook readers . He does all of the different character voices masterfully ! You wont be disapointed.Bottomline
 In College we saw the movie as part of American Literature class , I bought the book after . This is a short story that is good from the first to the last page , the fraternity beetween two men , traveling together looking for work , one of them is very big , but not very smart , so he is constantly getting in trouble , the other one , George , looks out for him . They have dreams , but times are hard , until they meet an old man that is willing to invest so the three of them buy a ranch . I dont want to go into the ending , but I can say it is sad and beautifull at the same time , I really recomend this book , for all ages . I have read some comments about people complaining about foul language , I dont agree , it is much worse on most movies today .
 I 'm starting to read some of the classics now , being in college . Mainly because there are really no new authors out there that have caught my interest lately . I also want to expand my horizons , and read things I might 've never given the time and day when I was in junior high and high school . `` Of Mice and Men '' appealed to me pretty quickly , from reading the back of the book and seeing how long it was . I wanted to give it a shot . Boy , am I ever glad that I did . This is an AMAZING book.Written by John Steinbeck , `` Of Mice and Men '' tells the tale of two men who travel together all the time , hoping to own an acre of land and a nice home they can call their own . George is a smart man who always seems to have things figured out . Lennie is a giant with a mind of a young child . George looks after him , but it is not easy . Lennie always seems to get himself in some kind of trouble , and George is always the one who has to help him out . And when they find jobs on a ranch , George finds out just exactly how fast the best laid out plans can vanish into thin air . The ending is unforgettable and shocking.The writing was very well done . Characters were very interesting and brought their own characteristics to life , leaving it very easy for you to tell them apart . I also liked the dialogue . Though the plot may not be the most complex one , books do n't have to be complex . In fact , sometimes it 's much more difficult to write the simplest book or story . Nothing fell short in this masterpiece.I recommend this book to anyone who loves to read . Sure , there 's a chance that you may not like it . This is very true . But look at it like this
 I feel Of Mice And Men is an excellent book . It is also a great movie ! My favorite character was Lennie . I felt sorry for him because he was slow . George is the kind of big brother I would love to have , he watches out for him , gets him a job , and does not take advantage of him even though he could . Slim is a guy that everyone looked up to , I would respect a man of his degree . But Curly . . I would of took his stupid boxing trophy and stuck it right up his ... well you know what I mean . I liked Candy , he was a good old man , but everyone bossed him around because they knew he would not do anything . I would prefer this book to whoever likes a mellow , old time book .
 This is a very beautifully written book . It 's the first Steinbeck book I 've ever read , I started yesterday night and just could n't put it down until I had read it . The words are vividly descriptive and the characters almost come alive in your mind . Steinbeck sort of fades in and out of scenes by describing what is happening in the surroundings , making it a very pleasant experienced to read this book . He picks you up gently in the start of a chapter and puts you down just as gently in the end.The plot is brilliant , I love the story about this odd couple travelling together , the dilemma , a story told with a vivid and subtly humorous language.This is absolutely a 5 star book .
 When I first read the book I was in high school , I never enjoyed reading until I was assaigned to read this book . I could n't put it down at night . This is my all time favorite novel . I think that the book described the true meaning of friendship . Lenny and George were total opposites and what kept them so close was the love they had for each other and their frienship . I also saw the movie and I recommend it . This novel made me cry and laugh . I think that everyone who reads this book will be touched by the wonderful characters . There are so many great written novels and this is definitely one of the best .
 This novel makes a strong universal statement about loneliness . It portrays two men who have no family , no place to call home and no plan or goal in their lives . They work and work and then they have nothing to show for it . You get this idea in novel when George says to Lennie , '' Guys like us , that work on ranches , are the loneliest guys in the world . They got no family . They do n't belong no place . They come to a ranch an ' work up a stake and then they go inta town and blow their stake , and the first thing you know they 're poundin ' their tail on some other ranch . They ai n't got nothing to look ahead to . '' -LRB- Steinbeck 15 -RRB- Also , many other characters demonstrate loneliness . For example , Curley 's wife . She claims that she is always alone while her husband is out watching over the workers and that a girl her age can not handle being locked up in the house all day . Another character is the slave that also works on the farm . He is forced to stay in his own room and is very segregated from the rest of workers . This is a result of the discrimination during the time in which the novel is set . Also , the other workers experience loneliness because they , of course , live the same life that Lennie and Georger live . The author John Steinbeck chose to set the novel a few miles south of Soledad , which is Spanish for solitude and means anger and loneliness . He describes in detail the life of many men who worked on ranches .
 Yeah , I said it ; this book is better than The Grapes of Wrath . It 's also better than East of Eden . In fact , it 's the best thing Steinbeck ever wrote . The author 's use of interesting , human characters , quick dialogue and fast moving scenes is breathtaking - This is the only novel I have ever reread immediately after finishing it.I will not discuss the plot because everyone else has always done that . I will only say that this is one of the four or five most important books of my life thus far . It opened my door to American literature , and really gave me an appreciation for reading.After reading this , I was excited to read Steinbeck 's `` best '' books , but it turned out I had already read it . Grapes of Wrath and East of Eden , while both quite good , were both a little bit too long . Of Mice and Men , on the other hand , is not a word too long or too short . It 's a beautiful , short character study , and you will be better for reading it .
 The book , Of Mice and Men , was a very exciting book to read . George and Lennie were two nomad men that went from job to job trying to make a life 's living . Lennie is a kid trapped in a man 's body . Lennie is disabled and acts like a four year old kid . George is a `` small and quick and dark of face '' . I liked this novel . It showed how life could be hard in many different ways . How they went from job to job trying to make a life 's living . Also how George dealt with Lennies problems . Lennie 's would n't think and get in trouble.I would recommend this book to kids that love adventure . This had plenty of it . Lennie and George went everywhere to work .
 A perfect example of John Steinbeck 's skills as a writer . In only a little over hundred pages , John Steinbeck quickly sets up a storyline and relantionship that comes to a heart-cutting conclusion that gets you far deepr and sharper then most novels that 'd need hundreds of pages just to delude its characters that 'd you 'd feel as much for as Lennie and George , this novel 's two main protagonists.In a short summary George and Lennie are simply two rootless drifters-for-sale who go around and pretty much take up any job available . George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' while Lennie is a magnificently large and powerful giant with the mind of a mentally stunted child . Lennie and George are very much outcasts from society , but when it comes to George , such a rootless life is of his emotional chaining to the Lennie whom he knows that he can not leave behind . George stresses to Lennie that , if it was n't for him , he could live an easy , comfortable lif , complete with a woman . But he knows however , that he can not leave Lennie behind , this great man-child . This relationship , based on both George 's disdain and regret for having to put down his chances for an easy life to help guide and protect Lennie and his own love for this great giant , not to mention the duo 's own fantasial dreams of someday having their land , a place to call their own , is simply moving , something that just gets you . And as one reads on the power , the depth , that runs under this relationship , only just furthers your empathy and appreciation of the relationship that these two share . All of this coming down to an ending that could quite possibly end up being one of the most , if not the most , emotionally quick , puncturing , and sharp ending in all of the history of literature . And only a great writer like John Steinbeck could possibly ascend to the demands of such a great task.Anyhow , it comes down to this simple message ; buy , read , and watch your eyes get teary .
 At age 28 , I am finally reading through all of the ` classic ' novels , and Steinbeck has a solid handful of `` must reads . '' He seems to have written a lot of shorter novels that wring a lot out of you emotionally . In light of that , `` Of Mice and Men '' is a novel that is many things at the same time
 Of Mice and Men is a touching story about two main characters , George and Lennie . George is a small , dark man with `` sharp , strong features . '' Lennie is his total opposite . He is a giant man with a shapeless face . You can tell Lennie is mentally disabled when George and Lennie have a conversation . Lennie loves to stroke soft things but his power overcomes him . He has been stroking a mouse , who because of Lennie 's power , died . George and Lennie have to go to a farm to work.We meet Candy -LRB- Curley 's wife -RRB- , Curley , Slim , and Carlson at the farm . Curley is extremely overprotective of his wife . Slim and Carlson work at the farm . Slim gives Lennie one of his puppies . Candy overhears Lennie and George discussing their plans to buy land . He offers to pay his life 's saveings if they let him live there also . They make a pact that no one knows of.Slim goes to the bunkhouse to find Curley mad . Curley can not find his wife , Candy , and is suspicious . Slim yells at Curley for his suspicions . Curley , searching foran easy target for his anger , finds Lennie and picks a fight with him . Lennie breaks Curley 's hand . Slim warns Curley not to pick on Lennie.The next night , most of the men go to the local brothel . Lennie , Candy , Crooks , and Curlye 's wife are still at the farm . Curley 's wife sees the cuts on Lennie and suspects that Curley and Lennie have been fighting . She comes to this by noticing the cuts on Curley also . This amuses her . The next day , the puppy Slim gave to Lennie is killed by Lennie by one of his stroke attacks . Candy comes to comfort him . Lennie tells her that he likes to pet soft things , so Candy lets him stroke her hair . I think we know where this is going.My favorite character is Lennie . He is just so innocent that I like him . He doesno mean any of the things hedoes . I do not like Candy because she was trying to get Lennie in trouble with her husband and was amused that the men got into a fight . That is just wrong . My favorite part in the book is the ending . I can not tell it to you because that will just ruin it for you ! I would change the ending.The book is good . I recommend this book to anyone that likes to read . I feel the way Lennie does at the end of the book . He feels bad and so do I. Also , I can relate to George and Lennie because they are best friends and I have best friends also . I think a person that gets emotional a lot will like this book .
 Set in Depression-era California , `` Of Mice & Men '' is perhaps the most cleanly and concisely written of the great American novels . Reading it , in fact , is more like reading a short story or , more precisely , a tragic play . -LRB- Note how Steinbeck begins almost every chapter with a description of the place in which the chapter 's events unfold , almost like stage directions . -RRB- Steinbeck 's creation of the man-child Lennie Small , his description and development of the dream shared by Lennie and his guardian-friend George Milton , and the foreshadowed , heart-wrenching conclusion are all sublime.A must-read and must-own . -LRB- And wonderful to read outside on a beautiful afternoon in September , with sunlight like California 's all around . Feel free to call in sick ... -RRB-
 Twice , once in a Junior High English Class and again in High School I was required to read John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men . '' Each time I have read it since , I have enjoyed it more and more . It is a brief , easy-to-read but emotionally resonant novel about two migrant workers set in the California countryside . As with most of Steinbeck 's classic work , the prose is very discriptive while not being clunky or overly verbose . The themes of friendship and brotherly love are apparent on every page and are n't as emotionally manipulative as many books that try to be today . I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a great read . Unlike many alleged `` classics '' I 've been forced to read in class its actually a great book and I had no problem reading it outside of class -LRB- I could n't say as much for A Farewell To Arms , but oh well :--RRB- -RRB- . I would recommend this book for anyone from a mature junior high reader up . The violence might be a little much for someone younger than that -LRB- and might be a reason why the book has been , unfortunately , banned so many times -RRB- .
 This one 's the most touching , in my view , of all Steinbeck 's contributions to small joys in my life . The trap of human experience snaps shut too soon on two men you rapidly come to love .
 Of Mice and men , by John Steinbeck , is the tragic story of two men who share the same dream of someday owning a farm . it was written in 1937 , a time when certain topics we consider acceptable would be considered contriversial . one topic that the story explores is mental retardation , which probably was a new and scary topic to explore at that time . Racism was addressed throughout the book , a topic that probably was n't shown in literature at that time . Finally , sexuality was talked about many times in the novel . I can imagine that this was a major reason why the book was banned . Because of its themes of mental retardation , racism and sexuality , Of Mice and Men was banned from bookshelves.One theme that would be considered controversial from a social and moral standpoint is mental retardation . Lennie , one of the principal characters , suffers from this illness . in 1937 . the time when the book was written , it is possible that retardation was an idea that was n't addressed very often . When Steinbeck wrote about it in Of Mice and Men , people did n't know how to deal with it . At the time , people who were mentally retarded were put in hospitals and often did n't live normal lives . But Steinbeck wrote the book in a way that Lennie lives a fairly normal life , with some help from his companion George . This theme is also the cuase of Lennie 's downfall . When he kills Curleys wife , all the men wanted to kill him . George killed him so that he would n't have to suffer a horrible death.With Lennie dies the two friend 's dream of owning a farm of their own.Another Controversial theme that is explored in the book is racism . Crooks is the only black man on the ranch that George and Lennie work on . he has a crooked back because when he was a kid he was kicked by a horse . Throughout the book , the men on the ranch refer to him as a nigger . He is not allowed to be with the men unless he is working or playing horseshoes . He lives alone because he is not allowed to have a bunk with the other men . But Crooks is used to this because he has faced racism his whole life . Through the character is Crooks , Steinbeck is trying to draw attention to the problem of racism and the alienation of the result of prejudice.Throghout Of Mice and Men , Steinbeck makes many sexual references . George would always say to Lennie that is he did n't have to look after him that he would be able to go to whore-houses every once in a while . Also , whenever the men on the ranch would talk about Curly 's wife , they would call her a tart , which is another word for a whore . People in the 1930 's were very conservative about sex . They were n't as open about it as we are today . When Steinbeck brought these sexual references to his novel and people read it , they must have been uphauled to see it in literature . People would just ban the book because they were not used to reading the sexual themes.Of Mice and Men was banned when is was published for many reasons . But the main reasons are for themes of mental retardation , racism and sexual references . People were not willing to deal with these subjects publiclylike we do today . The novel pushed the boundries and said what was not supposed to be said It is a great novel and it has made an amazing positive contribution to the literary world .
 John Steinbeck truly outdone himself this time by writing one of best pieces of literature ever recorded by the English tradition . This is a story about two guys named Lenny and George who live in the 18th century and just try to make enough money to survive . They encounter many problems but they also make friends along their journey . George has a problem dealing with Lenny because of Lenny 's mental illness and because he gets George in trouble too much . Steinbeck really makes you feel like you 're in the book with the characters and adds a sense of setting that we can all picture in our minds.I was never able to put down this book because I always wanted to know what would happen next . The suspense is unimaginable and the story seems so real that it 's almost like Steinbeck was actually there following George and Lennie around . Read this book and you will discover the hardship of life in the 18th century for Lower Class men with no families , no home , and no long term job . They have to move on to job to job and get paid about 15 cents a day . They also encounter a lot of danger throughout the story and makes the reader wonder what will happen next . Everybody should read this book because the conclusion is guranteed to suprise you .
 602 reviews of this book have been written to date , with an average rating of 4.5 stars ! What more needs to be said?The story and popularity of this book are of course well known , so I will briefly tell you my Of Mice and Men story : I was in grade eleven -LRB- but taking grade ten English -RRB- , hated school , had loser `` friends '' who I studdornly refused to disassociate with despite the fact that I knew deep down they would ruin me , when we had to do a reading assignment for English class . Not wanting to be bothered by it all , I chose the shortest one that I could find
 No one can describe human mind with such an ease . It leaves a everlasting effect on reader 's mind . All human relationships are perfectly interpreted in this little book .
 This tiny Steinbeck classic , published in 1937 , is still considered one of the most stunning , impact producing works ever written . It continues to knock my socks off . And more than likely , always will . If you 've never had the pleasure of reading this timeless classic , you really , really should .
 I recently read this book for my 7th grade English class . At first I was hesitant about reading a classic . As soon as I got into the story , I soon found out that this book was not just a classic but a wonderful , excited and touching tale about two lonely farmers searching for friends . This book has an astounding ending that everyone will be touched by . Being on 13 , this review must show how this book is appropriate for every age . I highly recommend this book . Steinbeck has an interesting writting style that sometimes is difficult to read but he gets his points across fluently . Enjoy this wonderful book !
 This book never ceases to amaze me . I was never bored by it either . Most expositions in books do n't have a very long attention span . I love reading how these two totally different men go around looking for jobs yet never seem to find one . Yet for this book they land one at a farm being farmhands . The ending can be very/not very predictable depending on what type of thinking skills you use , yet the book is great . Get it and you will be amazed as I was too .
 This book was way better than I expected . I especially loved reading about the childish things that Lennie did . Whenever you read about his actions , you 'll probably let out a little laugh . This is a good read beginning to end . `` Which way did he go George ? Which way did he go ? ''
 I thought that this book was a great book . I thought thatbecause it expressed the feelings of every character in a certain waythat was so real and it made me feel so into the book . THe part where i really got into the book was when Carlson went out and shot Candy 's dog and i started talking to the book because i think that that was really rude . I started to cry when i was watching the movie when Carlson shot Candy 's dog because candy was with that dog for a long time and i thought that it was really mean that Carlson thought that it would be ok that he shot the dog . Even if the dog is deaf Candy took care of it and did n't let anything happended to it . He really loved that dog . I also liked how they made Lenny sound so hopeless and how he reacted to the puppy and how he was just like my 6 year old sister . She always comes up to me and says if i do this can you give me something and it is kind of the same as Lenny wanting to tend the rabbits if he did something good ... Lenny did live a hard and wild life including that he always had something going on in his life that got him in trouble . I reccomend this book to anyone who likes short and exciting books read this one . I guarantee you that you will not be disapionted , and if i were you i would run out and buy a copy of the book Of Mice and Men right now ... . Thank You !
 I re-read this book recently because my daughter was reading it . I was struck by the power that Steinbeck packed into this short book . Steinbeck does a masterful job of contrasting the relationship between Candy -LRB- the ranch 's janitor -RRB- and his old dog with the relationehip between George and Lennie . `` Tell me again , George ... '' At first , Lennie is the only one who wants to hear the story about the farm that he and George hope to have some day . By the end of the book Candy and Crooks want to believe in the dream , too . At the end of the book , reality creeps back in and tragedy stikes.Today 's readers should read this book with a knowledge of the historical times of these characters . The historical context will help readers understand the predicament faced by men like Crooks , Candy , and Lennie .
 After racking my brains trying to read William Faulkner , I decided to give this short , simple , touching story a try . Steinbeck is a great author to read after Faulkner ; his easiness of style cures the headache Faulkner 's vortexes of plot development cause . This novel , which was written to read like a play , contains the memorable characters of George and Lennie . Lennie 's phrase , `` Are we gon na have rabbits George ? '' has been immortalized . This story is easy to read and enjoyable ; however , one can not help to sympathize with the loneliness of all its characters . I recommend this book , but I classify it in the `` Literature Light '' section of the books I 've read .
 I expected this book to not be good at all but it was excellent . . the relationship between george and lenny touched me . . it is an excellent book with many themes
 Of mice and Men is good because it is a thin book that tells a long story . John Steinbeck 's description fits the incident that is to occur very well . It is straightforward and sounds very true to me . The beautiful world that Lennie and George have imagined is not possible to be obtained at that time . Their tragic end is well painted in the portrait of the circumstance that they are in . It has called upon my sympathy , making me feel naturally how unfair that society is . It is a book that will not take much time to read , but it will definitely tell you something .
 & # 65279 ; Overall , John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is really a good book . Even though it 's rather short , itdelivers its message quite well . The book opens with George and Lennie near the Salinas Riversouth of Soledad , California . Lennie is a big , loveable guy who is n't very smart , but is easilypleased . Lennie loves to stroke soft things , and has a mouse in his hands that he accidentallykilled by petting it too hard . Lennie 's portrayal is extremely sympathetic and sentimental , but Icould n't help but like him , regardless of his flaws . George is the little man behind Lennie ; he actsas the big man 's brain in guiding him and keeping him out of trouble . We all has someone likeGeorge to keep us out trouble from time to time . The two travel and work together and have afriendship unlike anything most other characters in the novel have ever experienced . The bookreally got me to feel like I knew the characters , especially Lennie , and you begin to feel like yourin the story with the characters . The underlying theme of man 's innate loneliness and his need forcompanionship is a bit dark and pessimistic for my taste , but is delivered tactfully with therepeated story of George and Lennie 's farm where Lennie will be able to tend rabbits while thetwo live off the fatta the lan ' offers hope so the book can be easily stomached by someone with amore optimistic worldview . I do have to say this is one of the best book I have read . All thingsconsidered , I would definitely recommend this book for everyone to read ; the ideas behind itshould be considered by all .
 I thought Of Mice and Men was a good book so thats why i gave it a 4 out of 5 stars . The people in the book were relastic and they seemed like they would be the type of people that lived back in the 1930 's . Also how they talked seemed like that would be how they talked back then . In this book there was racisim so that is the social issue in this book . . and yea . . i do n't really have anything else to say but it was a pretty good book .
 I liked the book alot , for being a required book to read in a junior english class , it was n't a bad selection . My favorite character is probably , George , cause I mean he stuck with Lennie almost to the very end and he put up with all this problems.The plot of the book is interseting because the time period their really was n't much to life when your a traveling ranch hand . I like the slick ways of Slim , he 's also an interseting character . But , most of all out of the whole book I want a old dog that ca n't see and ca n't even walk because their so useful ... joke . Good decision to kill that dog it probably was in pain.But the book dispite it 's few slow parts I believed it to be an awesome book .
 The book has great story about how two men with very different personaliltes get along . They travel together trying to earn enough moeny to live out their dream . It shows how no matter what happens they have a friendship which connects them in some way . They have a wonderful frienship and stand by each other . Lennie is not the brightest man and can be a little aggrivating but no matter what George is there to help and protect him .
 The book has great story about how two men with very different personaliltes get along . They travel together working on a ranch . Their goal is to earn enough moeny to live out their dream . It shows how no matter what happens they have a friendship which connects them in some way . They have a wonderful frienship and stand by each other . Lennie is not the brightest man and can be a little aggrivating but no matter what George is there to help and protect him . This book is a great book that shows how very different personalities can get along . I fully recommend this book by John Steinbeck .
 Of Mice and Men is by far my most favorite John Steinbeck novel . Of Mice and Men takes place in California where we meet Lennie and George ; they are both farm workers going from farm to farm working in the fields . Both Lennie and George are both two different people , but they each have their own strong points and weak points ; Lennie is strong , but has the brain of a five year old , George is smart , but not strong like Lennie . A lot of times , George decides for Lennie , and Lennie is almost never left alone by himself . So they come to a farm and do some work , but the farmers wife comes around , and she is known for messing around with the other farm workers , so he keeps his wife on a short lease . As the story progresses , George and Lennie feel their friendship come closer , and you start to care for Lennie because he does not know any better , so you feel sorry for him . Now one night , Lennie is left alone , and the farmers wife comes to Lennie who is in the barn , and hurts one of his animals , so he takes him in his arms and violently shakes her , eventually killing her . The Lennie tries to bring her back to life , then failing . So when George comes back to the farm , so now everyone in the farm goes hunting for Lennie . So with shotguns ready to kill Lennie , George looks for Lennie and eventually see 's him , and rescus 's him from his misery ; killing him with the shotgun.It is a sad tale , but yet very warming and yet very good . This is an American classic , but yet still very good even as old as this book is . A definite read , I have read this book three times and yet it stills one of my favorite books by John Steineck
 This is a straightforward tale told in simple straightforward language about the love -LRB- brotherly -RRB- and dreams of two men , George and the simple Lennie . It 's a beautiful story and few written can equal it .
 Online book reviewBy Phil Casper `` tell me like you done before '' Lennie always asked george about the rabbits.George always tells him the storry guys like us , that work on ranches are the loneliest guys in the world . They got no gamily . They do n't belong to no place they come to a ranch an ' work up a stake and then they go inta town and blow their stake , and the first thing you know they 're poundin ' their tail on some other ranch . They ai n't got nothing to look ahead to . With us it ai n't like that we got a future . We got somebody to talk to and gives a damn about us . We do n't have to sit in no bar room blowin ' in our jack jus ' because we got no place else to go . If them other guys gets in jail they can rot for all anybody gives a damn . But not us.George the guy that is sort of the brains of the stuff that goes on and is a good guy ... Lennie ise n't the smartest person ever but he is a good worker and a good guy just dose n't know whats going on sometimes . This story takes place at the new ranch that lennie and george are going to I am not exactly sure when it happens though . the problem is that curly wants to beat up lennie and george dosent like it . Sort of at the end lennie has a pup and he accidentally kills it and curly 's wife on accident and george and lennie goes to the spot george told him to go to when he is in trouble to find out what happens at the end of the story you must read to find out .
 The greatest American Author in my opinion and this is his greatest work . It applied to society then , now and into the future . Excellent read , excellently written , and the kind of novel I like fiction but thought provoking .
 Of Mice and Men is the story of two men - George and Lennie . George is small and smart , and George is big and mentally challenged . George and Lennie are about to start working on a new farm ; they had to leave a previous farm because Lennie got in `` some trouble '' . Lennie has a preoccupation with things soft and pretty , which lands him in pretty big trouble.This book did n't immediately draw me in from the beginning . I thought the beginning was rather monotonous , but the pace quickly picks up when George and Lennie arrive on the farm . I found that this book is a beautiful portrayal of human compassion . George says that his life would be much better without Lennie , and perhaps it would be , but still you can tell that he cares very much for the gentle giant.George is n't the only example of `` human compassion '' . You have Carlson who 's probably on the extreme uncaring end . He 's one of those people who feels that a life is n't valuable anymore once you 're of no use . There 's also Slim who 's very kindhearted . He believes that you can tell if a person is good or not just from their manner of acting . Then , there 's Crooks-the cynical stable hand-who likes to believe in the worse of men rather than the best.Also , Steinbeck did a very good job getting his point across using mostly dialogue . There is precious little description in this book , but that 's okay because most of the emotion of the story is conveyed through dialogue .
 John Steinbeck 's novel `` Of Mice and Men '' is one of the best books I have read in a long while . The setting of this story is in the south were racism and prejudices are just a way of life . The story is about two men who are trying to reach their American dream of having their own house on there own land . George is the smart one who act as an older sibling to Lennie , a man who is big and strong but has a heart of a four year old girl because he 's mentally handicapped . Throughout the novel George is constantly telling Lennie that he would be better of without him . They eventually get to Tyler Ranch their new place of work . While settling in there they make plans to buy the land and house with Candy , an old crippled man . At the farm Lennie is treated with respect from everybody at the ranch except for the bosses son Curley . While on the ranch Curley is always trying to stir things up with the workers , especially Lennie . While the men are having a horseshoe tournament Lennie is inside the barn with the pup he want to get . Throughout the book Lennie is constantly killing small animals on accident . He eventually kills the pup , meanwhile Curleys wife who is a constant nuisance enters the barn and starts flirting with Lennie , while petting her hair Lennie gets frightened and incidentally snaps her neck and runs from the ranch as quick as possible . You must read the book to figure out what happens next . This is a heart-warming novel that once you start reading you wont put it down . I recommend you read this book as soon as possible .
 Steinbeck , what more needs to be said . This is one of the best books -LRB- and movies -RRB- about United States history that has been written . Yes , this is a hisory book ! But do n't be discouraged . This is like no other history book ever written . It tells the story of the U.S. at one of her most vulnerable times . It has been seventy-four years since the Emancipation Proclamation was signed , and still blacks are treated as slaves . The only thing that counts to the vast majority of this era is wealth and power . People who do not conform to what is considered the social norm are outcast and treated as second class . This is the setting of John Steinbecks classic novel of the american experience . This is a must read , and most of you who attended U.S. schools must have read it already . Like THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA this book can be read over and again .
 of mice and men was a graet book . i have to do a essay on the book and i am trying to get same of the review of the book .
 This is one of the best books I have ever read . Everything from Lonnie 's mental disability to the punishing of Candy for his age made me feel anger , pain , and resentment towards people with such prejudice . If you have ever wanted to know what a true friend was like you have to read this book . The friendship between these two men are unbelievable . Steinbeck is one of my favorite author 's because of this particular book . This book shows how Steinbeck has a steadfast refusal to allow `` celebrity '' become a roadblock to his only real ambition , to be a writer . With the emotions and realism in this book i would say Steinbeck has really accomplished his dream of being a successful writer .
 i like the book alot . John steinback is a good author . the best part of the book was when percy got his hand broke by lennie . George did the right thing at the end by doing what he did . I liked lennie the best of all . How he always had a knack for doing accidents . I never liked percy 's wife . The way she always acted like a tramp around the workers on the ranch . Percy wasnt my favorite either . he was always trying to get into fights with people bigger than him . i look forward to reading more of his books . He is a really good author and has very interesting books .
 I loved the book ! I had to read it for english and it was an in class assignment so we read thru it together . The 2 main characters , George and Lennie , go from town to town looking for work . most people think that it 's weird that 2 men would travel together -LRB- not that way -RRB- . Everyone thinks that George is taking Lennie 's pay check and using to go to town and use it for the whorehouse . It had vivid descriptions and pictures that I had acutally thought I had lived and worked with them . It does have some foul language , but if you focus on the language then you will not be able to read thru it and feel the emotion . Also if a 12 year old could read it then most likely anyone could . The book covers the following topics
 In John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men '' , the main characters Lennie and George are on the run from their last job and are trying to find a new one . George helps Lennie throughout the story , because Lennie is mentally retarded . The setting is in Salinas , California in the 1930 's . George is smart to help Lennie , but sometimes becomes frustrated with him.Lennie and George are working on a ranch with a lot of people they have just met including Curly . Curly is a small person who dislikes tall people . Lennie is tall and begins to have problems with Curly . Curly does n't know that Lennie is mentally retarded . Curly also has a wife who lives on the ranch and the workers call her a ` tart '' -LRB- Steinbeck pg . 28 -RRB- . George and Lennie dream of someday owning a farm of their own . There will be chickens , crops and rabbits and other things . Lennie is in love with anything soft . THis dream keeps Lennie and George going through hard times.I enjoyed this book because of the suspense . I also loved the characters involved and I recommend this book for anyone interested in the Great Depression .
 John Steinbeck really led me to love the book `` Of Mice and Men '' . He really described the ranch in California very well ; this is where characters Lennie and George lived throughout the story . He told us that the men
 In `` Of Mice and Men '' John Steinbeck takes us back to The Great Depression in Salinas , CA . It revolves around two main characters Lennie Short and George Milton . Lennie a huge , muscular , mentally challenged hobo . George is a short but smart hobo and takes care of Lennie ever since his Aunt Clara died.They are on the run from a town called Weed because Lennie loves soft objects and ended up touching a girls dress . Now they found a farm and are living in a bunkhouse that they share with many other men and Lennie has problems with the boss ` s son.They have a dream of one day owning a farm , with rabbits which Lennie loves ; he always fantasizes and tells George `` An ' have rabbits George ! '' Steinbeck pg .14 . This story is full of action and keeps you asking for more.I recommend it to mature readers and trust me you will love it . George and Lennie looking after each other is a great story of friendship with a surprising ending .
 Title
 Two friends linked together by circumstance and a shared dream , travel the country looking for work as farm laborers . One is clever , and the other is dumb -LRB- but as strong as an Ox -RRB- . They form an unlikely bond in an attempt to create a stable life , and a place of belonging.The book is beautiful in the simplicity of story and message about the need for everyone to belong somewhere , and dangerous in its final tragedy of wasted life . The friendship between the two main characters may be complex , but the writing certainly is not . It is just great storytelling.A quick read with a wonderful understanding of our need to be loved and belong . The friendship and the heartbreaking conclusion will stay with you long after you have finished .
 As a non native english reader I found a real challenge to understand the southern American English , but it was a great experience.I felt througly satisfiying to go in deep detail of each character , follow how they deal with fate it 's somehow expected from the first scene in perfect harmony with the beloved dream that holds up the hope.Human nature is the authentic subject of book and I really enjoyed how the main charecter resolves a very up to day dilema.Definetly I encourage anybody to go through , it 's really worth .
 What never ceases to amaze me about this book is how much emotion Steinbeck packs into just over 100 pages . Basically , this is one of the most moving , inspiring , and depressing books I 've ever read - and also one of the best . The characters , the dialogue , and the feel of the time and place are so real to me that I almost consider it a work of non-fiction ; I just ca n't seem to read it without feeling sad for these poverty-stricken , down-and-out people trying to make their way through an unneccessarily cruel landscape without anyone who really cares about them . It can be read in a day and the story is fairly straight forward , but I would n't call it an easy read - it 's just too emotional to fit that description . Great book .
 This book is a very brief but moving tale that will leave you thinking . Stienbeck 's mastery here is in character development . He creates a cornicopia of characters in a genius way , quick and to the point . Somehow , in such a short amount of time , he creates characters you feel you 've known your whole life.The scenery is well built as well , and the story itself is interesting and timeless . It could be set in 2006 just as easily , and still be relevant . It 's a very relaxing read , and flows smoothly.You wont want to put this book down , and you 'll only be busy about an hour reading it . This book is just as entertaining as I 'm sure it was in 1937 , and can be called a classic .
 I wish I was assigned to read this book in high school.This book is full of emotion and vivid details ... all under 150 pages . A very quick read but has a lasting impact on the reader . Steinbeck is an author whose message will not be lost on future generations and I hope my children will one day be assigned to read this book.Definitely a title that will make people appreciate the power of literature ... ken .
 A powerful short story by Steinbeck that , like many of his novels , occurs in his hometown of Salinas , California.Lennie and George , the protagonists have a mutual care for each other . Lennie is a flat charcter . He does not change throughout the story - introduced as an innocent naive man , he dies so too . George , on the other hand , changes . Despite his short temper and rough character , his primary goal is to protect Lennie . His fraternal figure grows at the denouement where he ironically kills Lennie out of love . While admitting to sometimes making fun of his friend , George shoots Lennie to spare him from the brutal killing of a mob . Out of mercy and compassion , George always cares about his friend . Always reminding him of their dream - a farm where they can live together away from the mockery and ruthlessness of the world . This was also the last conversation he had with Lennie . Instead of rebuking him for `` doing something bad '' - accidently killing Curley 's wife - he talks to him about this farm . Steinbeck chooses the unrealistically innocent character of Lennie to foreshadow that his destruction is inevitable no matter how much George looked after him . The reader sympathizes with Lennie from the beginning but at the end George becomes the real hero - sacrificing even his friend to save him.During the story , there are hints of George 's constant care and sacrifice . The reader learns that the two friends have been roaming around and unable to settle because Lennie causes them to be fired constantly . George is always anticipating the worse , ordering Lennie not to talk on their job interview and designating a place for Lennie to resort to in time of trouble.Overall , the touching story of friendship and companionship is another one of Steinbeck 's strong and powerful books . George and Lennie were never able to realize their American Dream of buying a farm . Now that Lennie is gone , the reader wonders whether George will pursue this dream by his own or will he abandon . After all , Lennie was a big part of that dream.The title of the book refers to Robert Burns ' `` To a Mouse '' , who while farming disturbed a mouse 's nest.But Mousie , thou art no thy lane , In proving foresight may be vain : The best laid schemes o ' mice an ' menGang aft agley , An ' lea'e us nought but grief an ' pain , For promis 'd joy!Clearer Translation : But Mouse , you are not alone , In proving foresight may be vain : The best laid schemes of mice and menGo often askew , And leaves us nothing but grief and pain , For promised joy !
 This book keeps you wanting more until the last line in the book . Would highly recomend to any age group .
 The book , Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck , is about the adventures of two best friends that are meant to take care of each other . Their names are George and Lennie . George always has to take care of himself as well as Lennie . Lennie is a challenged individual , but he is the sweetest man . He really means well . The way he talks and acts reflects that he is a little boy stuck in a strong mans body . Lennie is by far my favorite character in this book . Lennie has an obsession with touching soft things . At the beginning of the book it starts with Lennie having a mouse in his pocket which he accidentally kills because he strokes the mouse to hard . He felt horrible . George , who is always taking care of Lennie , is more of a dad to Lennie than a friend . He was asked by Lennie 's Aunt Clara to look after Lennie when she died . Throughout the story George continues to look after Lennie wherever they go.Both George and Lennie have a life goal of having a place of their own with land , a house , and animals . They have a place that they can buy from an older couple , but they need to get six-hundred and fifty dollars to buy it from them . They are working to get this money so they can run off and escape from the working world and `` live offa the fatta the lan ' -LRB- Steinbeck 56 -RRB- . '' Throughout the book they travel to find a place to work so they can get the amount of money that they need in order to buy that piece of land . They find a farm that will take both of them as workers and that is where the majority of the story takes place . Most of the people that are working at the farm really like George and Lennie , except for the farm owners 's son , Curly . Eventually Lennie and Curly get into a fight . Lennie accidentally crushes Curly 's hand . Another incident between Lennie and Curly occurs toward the end of the book that angers Curly to the point that he is ready to kill Lennie.I really enjoyed this book for many reasons . One because it was easy to follow and always kept me wondering what was going to happen next . I could not put the book down . I sat down and read the entire book all at once . Another reason is because it was one of those books that are short enough that you can sit down and read the whole story in a few hours . The book also had an interesting story plot . There was one part of this book that I did not like . I was disappointed when Steinbeck made Lennie look like a bad guy for part of the story . An example is when Lennie kills the mouse at the beginning of the book . Lennie has good and honest intentions . I felt so bad for him that I almost started to cry . Lennie felt horrible every time he did something to hurt someone or something in the book because he did not understand his own strength . I really like how George is a father figure to Lennie and how Lennie really appreciates George . Lennie understands that George will always there for him . The two men give each other a reason to live . George and Lennie truly value each other 's friendship . I recommend this book for all boys and girls , child or adult .
 If you want a great story written in a direct way without page after page of verbal dead space , as one so often finds , not overly long but absolutely complete in its telling I highly recommend `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck .
 In a royal blue , cloth-covered slipcase reminiscent of denim . The book itself is bound 3/4 's denim with a brown leather spine with dark brown details.An over-sized book with many Fletcher Martin illustrations
 In a royal blue , cloth-covered slipcase reminiscent of denim . The book itself is bound 3/4 's denim with a brown leather spine with dark brown details.An over-sized book with many Fletcher Martin illustrations
 I loved this book ! It was read by Gary Sinise and I love his voice . It arrived quickly and in the condition I was expecting . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This is the first book by Steinbeck that I ever read and like many other people , it was required reading in my language arts class . It was so moving that some of the girls in the class were crying at the end.George and Lennie are two workers that move from job to job . George is small and clearly fairly intelligent while Lennie is huge , powerful and has the mind of a child . After some difficulty at a previous job , they arrive at a farm and begin working . They have been together a long time , after Lennie 's last surviving relative died and George made a promise he would look after Lennie . However , it is clear that George is growing tired of the responsibility ; he wants to be able to act like other men rather than as a perpetual chaperone.There is a crew of workers at the farm as well as the boss 's son and his wife Candy . Candy is unhappy with her lot and flirts with every man around , including Lennie . There are other problems that arise and finally Lennie gets into serious trouble . George then `` solves '' the problem in the only way he knows how.This is a sad story and you feel a great deal for George and Lennie . Lennie is all he can ever be and George has done all he can for him . There really is no place for Lennie in the world and all available paths lead to his violent death . Modern readers also have to understand that the story was written in 1937 , when the terminology used to describe people was quite different . Therefore , it is necessary for you to be somewhat insensitive in the politically correct sense when you read it .
 I read the book in 7th grade , but did n't know what a -LSB- ... -RSB- house was . I read it again , just because I remembered how fun it was to read the beautiful way Steinbeck captures street talk . What I appreciate about the book as an adult is that Lenie , the mentally retarded character , was not able to rationalize at the begining of the book and Steinbeck made no indication that he could . At the end of the book , suddenly , Lenie 's able to rationalize the consequences of his actions and fears rejection because he 's done something bad . Other then that little , really minor , flaw , I love to read his books .
 This wonderful book is one of the most popular books written by Nobel prize winner-John Steinbeck.It is also probably one of the most popular books in American Literature.Set during The Great Depression , The story is about two migrant farm workers-George Milton -LRB- who is a cynical man -RRB- and Lennie Small -LRB- who is very big , strong but mentally disabled and reliant on George to look after him -RRB- and how they dream of owning their own piece of land.Due to something Lennie has done -LRB- which was actually sort of a misunderstanding -RRB- , the pair must go to a ranch in Soledad , California , to make money and escape the trouble they are in.The book is an amazing tale of friendship and the heartbreaking thing George must do at the end to save his friend Lennie is so touching.I first read this book for GCSE and it is now one of my favourite 's . It is a definite ` must read ' and I would recommend it 100 %
 I am a 16 year old High School Student who read The book `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck as a school outside reading assignment . At first I resented this assignment but after I read the first 15 pages the last hundred flew by all in one sitting . This was a great book . It was a short read that keeps you entertained to the very last page ; once you pick it up I doubt that you will ever put it down . One thing that I loved about this book was the relationship between George and Lenny . These were two totally different people . George was a short man with a strutured apperence while Lenny is a very large man with a round and unreconizable apperence . These two friend complete each other in that they compensate for each others errors . For example George is the intelligente one and Lenny is the really dumb one and George is always having to clean up after Lenny 's mistakes . Even though sometimes George could be a little mean and unsimpathetic I believe that this was true friendship.This novel takes place in southern California by a town called Weed . George and Lenny are ranch workers that go from ranch to ranch just looking for jobs . There are many very interesting charaters in this novel that add to the story . Curley is a character that adds alot of drama and action to the novel . Curley is the bosses son who was just married and feels that he must prove something to his new wife . He likes to pick on big guys becaues he is a good boxer and is a short man himself , so naturally he picks on Lenny . This fued that goes one way from Curley to Lenny and is very entertaining.In many schools across the country this book was banned . I do not understand why this book was banned because it does not contribute negatively but without a doubt positively to society . It contributes positively because it provides the read with many lessons about friendship and trust . I would highly recommend this novel to everyone of all ages . If you are looking for a short but awesome read for a weekend , because that is all it will take , this is the book for you . Between Steinbeck 's deep description and great talent in weaving a tale you 'll be more than satisfied with his novel.I rated this book with a five out of five stars .
 Of Mice and Men is about two friends , George and Lennie . `` George is small and quick and dark of face '' , while Lennie is '' a man of tremendous size and has the mind of a young child . '' Lennie has a mental disability , although his devotion to George is very strong . George returns this loyalty and obedience to Lennie . However , Lennie often gets himself into trouble , sometimes harmless and shameless , but other times very serious.This novel exhibits many controversial themes from a moral and social standpoint . One of these themes is that women corrupt and cause evil in society . George , repeatedly through out the book , tells Lennie to keep away from their boss ' , Curley , wife . George is convinced that she , along with the rest of the women in the world , will cause trouble and are evil . However , Steinbeck portrays her as a helpless character who hates her husband and her life . Although Steinbeck may want her to seem innocent , she is not and her flirtatious actions towards Lennie , virtually , cause her death , as well as his.Another controversial theme exhibited in this novel , is racial segregation . One of the main characters , Crooks , is isolated from the rest of the men on the ranch because he is black . Steinbeck depicts him as a lonely and miserable man . He lives in a room separate from the other men , next to the barn , and is denied the basic rights that the other men have , including playing a simple card game with them . However , Lennie does not understand the problem with skin color and insists on spending time with Crooks . Lennie often gets scolded by George for his actions , but Crooks is left with most of the blame , simply because he is black.Although , this book is controversial , I believe it positively contributes to the literary world . This book is thought provoking and teaches the reader to be thankful for their friends , while accepting others , no matter what race they may be . I would suggest this book to anyone who understands what friendship is and how powerful it can truly be .
 Although many people view Of Mice and Men as a classic , there are some who disagree . The novel was banned and challenged in many schools throughout the country because of explicit language and profanity . After finishing the book myself , I strongly disagree . The language used in Of Mice and Men is nothing new , and most definitely not something that teenagers have not already heard before . One of the characters , Crooks , who happens to be an African American , is quite often referred to in the novel as inferior and is treated much differently than the other characters in the novel . That is perhaps another reason why people may have challenged the novel . Personally , I feel that Of Mice and Men positively contributes to the literary world because of its status . Many critics feel that it is a classic and I feel it should be treated as such . The idea of companionship is demonstrated throughout the book , and I feel that is a positive force . As shown in the novel , everyone needs someone to talk to , one can not go throughout life without friends to confide in and have fun with . Overall , Of Mice and Men is a classic novel that everyone should read .
 Although many people view Of Mice and Men as a classic , there are some who disagree . The novel was banned and challenged in many schools throughout the country because of explicit language and profanity . After finishing the book myself , I strongly disagree . The language used in Of Mice and Men is nothing new , and most definitely not something that teenagers have not already heard before . One of the characters , Crooks , who happens to be an African American , is quite often referred to in the novel as inferior and is treated much differently than the other characters in the novel . That is perhaps another reason why people may have challenged the novel . Personally , I feel that Of Mice and Men positively contributes to the literary world because of its status . Many critics feel that it is a classic and I feel it should be treated as such . The idea of companionship is demonstrated throughout the book , and I feel that is a positive force . As shown in the novel , everyone needs someone to talk to , one can not go throughout life without friends to confide in and have fun with . Overall , Of Mice and Men is a classic novel that everyone should read .
 Although many people view Of Mice and Men as a classic , there are some who disagree . The novel was banned and challenged in many schools throughout the country because of explicit language and profanity . After finishing the book myself , I strongly disagree . The language used in Of Mice and Men is nothing new , and most definitely not something that teenagers have not already heard before . One of the characters , Crooks , who happens to be an African American , is quite often referred to in the novel as inferior and is treated much differently than the other characters in the novel . That is perhaps another reason why people may have challenged the novel . Personally , I feel that Of Mice and Men positively contributes to the literary world because of its status . Many critics feel that it is a classic and I feel it should be treated as such . The idea of companionship is demonstrated throughout the book , and I feel that is a positive force . As shown in the novel , everyone needs someone to talk to , one can not go throughout life without friends to confide in and have fun with . Overall , Of Mice and Men is a classic novel that everyone should read .
 Although many people view Of Mice and Men as a classic , there are some who disagree . The novel was banned and challenged in many schools throughout the country because of explicit language and profanity . After finishing the book myself , I strongly disagree . The language used in Of Mice and Men is nothing new , and most definitely not something that teenagers have not already heard before . One of the characters , Crooks , who happens to be an African American , is quite often referred to in the novel as inferior and is treated much differently than the other characters in the novel . That is perhaps another reason why people may have challenged the novel . Personally , I feel that Of Mice and Men positively contributes to the literary world because of its status . Many critics feel that it is a classic and I feel it should be treated as such . The idea of companionship is demonstrated throughout the book , and I feel that is a positive force . As shown in the novel , everyone needs someone to talk to , one can not go throughout life without friends to confide in and have fun with . Overall , Of Mice and Men is a classic novel that everyone should read .
 Judging by its short 106-page length and relatively large font , John Steinbeck 's novel Of Mice and Men would seem to be the `` perfect '' read for an average high school slacker . However , most high schoolers are not allowed to take advantage of the short novel because Of Mice and Men has been banned from many schools for being controversial . This may seem strange as the plot is centered around two friends , George and Lennie , who travel from place to place looking for work . However , George and Lennie are n't like most other manual laborers . They work because they have the goal of eventually buying and managing their own piece of land . Steinbeck focuses the novel mainly on their arduous journey toward achieving that goal . However , during George and Lennie 's journey , Steinbeck incorporates different themes that are morally and socially controversial and ultimately result in Of Mice and Men being banned.Ironically , Steinbeck 's philosophical themes that cause controversy stem from a relatively simple plot . The plot surrounds the main characters , George and Lennie , who are looking for a place to work and who eventually settle on a ranch in California . They develop many friends at this ranch and some of their fellow workers actually join Lennie and George in their quest to own land . However , it is n't long before that Lennie accidentally murders the boss 's daughter in law and is forced to flee the ranch to avoid being punished . With a search party looking for Lennie , it is ironic that George , Lennie 's long-time companion , is the one that kills Lennie . The novel then comes to a conclusion after Lennie is killed and the two never get to own their own land . With this plot the murder alone being controversial enough for the book to be banned , it is obvious that the reasons for the banishment are due to other themes within the book.One of the major themes of the novel that may have caused moral controversy is the relationship between George and Lennie . George and Lennie have been long-time companions and have always been there for each other . This friendship may not seem controversial on the surface but the way the two treat each other can be considered socially offensive . George , who is naturally much smarter than Lennie , often insults and chastises Lennie for being dumb . For example , one time after Lennie wanted a dead mouse as a pet , George reacted , '' '' ` You crazy fool ... ' '' He heard Lennie 's whimpering cry and wheeled about . '' ` Blubberin ' '' like a baby ! Jesus Christ ! ' '' '' Quotes like this are riddled throughout the book as George and other characters continue to insult Lennie for not being smart . This aspect of the novel will offend many readers as it is not proper in society to offend people who are not smart . These unwarranted attacks are reason why Of Mice and Men may have been banned.The novel also may have been banned because the novel negatively portrays women . The insulting description of women is a theme in the novel that can be seen through the character of Curley 's wife . She is the only female character in the book and negatively represents women as she is constantly portrayed s very annoying . She is constantly nagging all the workers on the ranch and soon gains the disliking of all the workers . The workers personify her with words like `` tramp '' and `` tart '' as they think she is whorish . Morally , this portrayal is controversial because Steinbeck uses Curley 's wife as a symbol for all women . It is offensive for all women to be characterized as annoying and whorish . As a result , many women may have been upset by Of Mice and Men and called for the book to be banned.Although the novel became banned in many schools , I think Of Mice and Men positively contributed to the literary world because Steinbeck had a powerful message in his book . Although controversial , Steinbeck conveyed something through his writing and that is very important . Steinbeck made people think and argue as he pointed out pieces of society that might seem offensive . Through his book , he made people take action to improve society . I think that authors should always strive for an emotional response from their readers . As a result , because Of Mice and Men sends a powerful message , the novel should not be banned and students should read it .
 This book is the powerful story of two young men , George and Lennie , trying to fulfill their longtime dream of owning their own land . In the meantime , they work at a small ranch to try to gain enough money to buy their own land ... A major theme that has caused controversy among many schools throughout the country is its bad language . According to Christopher Moore ... there are over 122 curse words in the book and is thought to be an `` unChristian mindset '' for children . Some other controversial themes that have caused the book to be banned in many schools are its '' ... moral statement -LRB- s -RRB- , treatment of the retarded , and the violent ending . '' ... Personally , I thought that this was a very good book that showed true frienship , through `` thick and thin '' and I do n't think that it should be banned in schools .
 First off , I thought that the novel , `` Of Mice and Men '' was a pretty good one . Usually I ca n't and do n't really like reading novels but I did like this one . This book has been banned before in schools and I just think that that 's ridiculous . Why ban this novel ? I could understand the banning if this book had themes of sex , violence , etc. but it does n't . All the banning does is hinder a children from reading a book that is commonly referred to as a legend.I have researched on the internet as to why this book had been banned in schools across America and some of the reasons I found were because the book had parts with obscene language and violent scenes , such as the ending.I suppose that these schools do not seem to realize that the book is more than just that . The story is about a friendship between two men named George and Lennie . Some might ask the question
 Review of
 This is the best book I ever read about love and humanity . After reading this book , I realized that life is short and uncertain . I was unhappy when I was asigned to read this book , but I could n't put down after I started it . You ! yees , you ! If you are reading this raview , I beg you to order this book right now . Then read it , relate it to your selft and other . Finally , Raread ! I am sure you will discover something .
 I read this book for English class and when I first started , I thought I could never get into it . The more I read , the more I liked ! This book really moved me . Poor Lennie .
 This book is very easy to read and understand . It is about two friends , George Milton and Lennie Small . They travel around everywhere . George takes care of Lennie because he is mentally retarted and has to keep up with all the wrong things that Lennie does , and would lead to Lennie 's death at the end . I would like to write more , but I have to write a book report on this book .
 This book is the reallity of life . People always take advantage of those who ca n't be self-suficient . however , people should help other people even if they do n't always like it , just like george did .
 An incredible book filled with metaphors that eventhough is meant to take place during the depression , still applies to life right now . I highly recommend this book because of the quality John Steinbeck put into it .
 I had to read this book over the summer for English class , I thought it was great ! Usually when I do n't like the theme of the book I really ca n't get into it , but this one I really enjoyed . I am disapointed in the people who think the ending was `` strange '' , if you do think that , read it over again try and figure out what motivated George to do what he did . Theeeeeen maybe you 'll understand the ending better
 This was the first book that I actually read from cover to cover in one sitting , and was the first book that really `` gripped '' me ! A superb character study . I highly recommend it !
 If you enjoyed this book and would like to see the movie , I recommend the 1939 version . It is very well done . Much better than the recent versions . Of Mice and Men is a classic in my eyes .
 This story interested me . . It is small and concise . . while it easily gets its point across . . I think that Lenny represents the ignorance and naivity that exists in the world , while George represents the harsh but realistic voice of reason ... people may take it as a simply depressing story . . but i suppose that you just have to be in a position where you can understand what the characters are going through . . Lenny knows not what he does . . his world is all he has ever known . . he has nothing but love for animals and his sadness is sincere when he kills them . . he can not help his ignorance , but it remains there , glaring him in the face . . just as it glares each and everyone of us in the face every day . . George is your boss , or your teacher , or your parent , or authoritative figure who keeps you in line . . he is the one who claps his hands when you doze off to sleep in class . . he is the one who gives you that reality check when you begin to wander . . but at the same time , he is the most caring friend one could have . . this story is not a sad one . . it is rather one that shows the happiness of two friends who 's life wouldnt be the same without each other . . the end . . which i wont reveal at this point . . is the most meaningful part of all . . some may call it sad . . or depressing . . but it isnt . . it is out of love alone that causes George to do what he does . . I would recommend this story to anyone with a little time on their hands . . it only took me an hour to read . . dont take the story so literally . . try to relate it to your life as i have done . .
 I had to read this book for english class , like many other people , and found it a very thought provoking and interesting book . Steinbeck gives us a very literell meaning of `` friends till the end '' All in all , an incredible book . There is so much meaning in it . I recommend it to anyone who likes thinking about friendship and the way the world works .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is without a doubt one of the most beautiful stories ever told . Over and above Steinbeck 's recurring theme of the tragedy within the poor working class , he was able to grab at the heart of compassion within every human being . I think it is impossible for anyone not to enjoy this book .
 The story tells of two men who are almost opposites but still share the same dream of having their own piece of land . Georg wants it for the freedom of being his own boss and as a refuge from roaming between farms . Lenny wants it to fill a simple longing , to tend rabbits . The two of them travel in a world of lonely men who do n't seem to have any reason for living and do n't have the drive to change this themselves . But those that Lenny tells of the dream want to share it and contribute towards making it come true . Even the retarded Lenny becomes some kind of a leader because he offers a dream of a better life . But the dream is broken by a involuntary chain of events that plays on Lennies weaknesses.Georg goes to extremes in helping Lenny and never gives up . In the end he resorts to the only means left to protect Lenny from the raging men who want to torture him by `` shooting him in the stomach '' . I thought that even though the end was sad and full of broken dreams it was the most beautiful part of the story because it culminated the love and friendship of Georg , who killed Lenny out of pure love , friendship and protectiveness . A strange paradox.The only point that I find to be weak in the story is that it does n't really explain why Georg is so protective of Lenny . He says he does so because his aunt asked him to and for that reason alone he gives up his opportunities of a stable live and a woman to love and is forced in to wandering because Lenny keeps getting them into trouble . For a guy like Georg that is intelligent and well liked by others I do n't find this promise to be a strong enough reason . In fact is was unreasonable of the aunt to burden him with this promise .
 Of mice and men was one of the greatest books I have ever read . It was a tragic and enticing book . I would give it a 10 and recommend it to anyone . the two main characters are George and Lennie . Lennie is huge and George is very small and well defined . They are traveling together to work on ranch . In Weed were they are originally from , Lennie got in some trouble after touching a girls soft red dress . She began screaming and Lennie got so scared all he could do was hold on . This pattern continued and in the end he ends up killing someone on the ranch and he himself getting killed by his good friend George . The ending was so sad . I would recommend this to anyone .
 A brilliant story of two unforgettable characters . Wonerful insight on the working conditions of central California.A must read .
 This book is a really good book and I recomend it to kids to read . It is really showing and it really grabs the reader . Overall this book was well written but has a few flaws in it .
 Steinbech 's story of fate and hate , of crime and punishment , ` Of Mice and Men ' is incredibly written in a brief novela . John Steinbech 's simplistic and beautiful language , his tragic , yet realistic plot , and his engaging , live characters seem to come to life .
 John Stienbeck 's OF MICE AND MEN is a powerful book about the things we do for people for love . It is a simple book , done in Stienbeck 's laid back , visual style . However , underneath the simple story is a powerful fable of guilt , hope , and love . The story is about two men , George and Lennie , drifting laborers of the American West , searching for work in the the hard times of the Great Depression . George is a small , intelligent , tough , suspicious man , Lennie is a tall , strong , man , a good worker , but with the mind of a child . Together , they form a team , George with his brain and Lennie with his strength . The story follows George and Lennie as they get work at a farm in Northern California , meet the other workers , some of which they become friends with . Gradually , as the book moves along , we begin to sense how the relationship of George and Lennie works . We see the protectiveness of George for Lennie , the pride he feels for Lennie 's accomplishments . George needs Lennie just as much as Lennie needs George . So , when Lennie gets into trouble , through no fault of his own , jeopardizing George 's future at the farm , we recognize the pain and frustration George feels , as well as the tight position it puts him into . The shattering ending , not only teaches us a lot about the things we do for the people we love , it also shows how Stienbeck has brought us close to these characters , making us care about what happens to them . In it 's plot , OF MICE AND MEN is a simple , childish almost . But it evokes feeling and conversation that are far from simple and are felt by anyone who has ever loved . I highly recommend OF MICE AND MEN , a simple book with a powerful message .
 I 'm am a writter and I must say that this book is very well written , although it did have some shady points . Strong of character and plot , Of Mice and Men is a stirring tail of two men , one a retarded brute and the other his crafty guardian , trying to make it in the harsh life of ranch hands together .
 I thought this novel was an excellent example of regionalistic writing , but is often mistaken for a work of realism . Steinbeck 's writing superficially is realistic . A second glance shows idealism . This book is a masterpiece and should be considered carefully .
 I would just like to comment that this was a well written book , and I hope that everyone get a chance to read it .
 George and Lennie are best friend . George is a small guy but he has a quick mind and is dark of face . Lennie is a huge man , and has the mind of a young child . They feel lonely . They need each other . they work togeter and begin their dream in the bunkhouse . Those days , some conflicts happen in this little house . And then , George and Lennie need to face these problems.I love this book . The book is great as welll . Because it completely decribes everybody . I can see the hardship of their lives . Sometimes you have no choice . I learned something from this book . What happens in the bunkhouse ? How do george and lennie face their problem ? You will only find out if You read it ! I think you can learn something fromthis book too .
 Lennie and George are two migrant workers from the Great Depression.They are best friends and they are always together , but other migrant workers are lonely.George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' , Lennie , a huge man , has the mind of a young child.This is Ironic , because he is strong and big.They dream to own a place of their own , but Lennie gets into a lot of problems in of the towns , they work in.One of his big problems is that he likes to pet , but he pets things too hard , because he does n`t know his own strength.I recommend this book , because it shows you a big and strong man who has the mind of a young child and his relationship with his best friend , that a lot of time happens in real life.This book is really interesting .
 Lennie and George are two migrant workers from the Great Depression.They are best friends and they are always together , but other migrant workers are lonely.George is `` small and quick and dark of face '' , Lennie , a huge man , has the mind of a young child.This is Ironic , because he is strong and big.They dream to own a place of their own , but Lennie gets into a lot of problems in of the towns , they work in.One of his big problems is that he likes to pet , but he pets things too hard , because he does n`t know his own strength.I recommend this book , because it shows you a big and strong man who has the mind of a young child and his relationship with his best friend , that a lot of time happens in real life.This book is really interesting .
 Of Mice and Men was an excellent book . It tells the story of two men traveling and working together . Beginning in nature , it gives a sense of peacefulness . As the story goes on you learn about how one man causes trouble for the other . It tells of their big dreams for the future , but with a surprise , twisted ending , you learn there dreams will never come true . It is a very easy read while still giving a good story .
 Of Mice and Men was an excellent book . It tells the story of two men traveling and working together . Beginning in nature , it gives a sense of peacefulness . As the story goes on you learn about how one man causes trouble for the other . It tells of their big dreams for the future , but with a surprise , twisted ending , you learn there dreams will never come true . It is a very easy read while still giving a good story .
 Of Mice and Men is a book that draws you into a world many people have yet to experience . This book takes place in the 1930 's in southern California on a ranch where migrant workerstravel to in order to harvest wheat and then move on . George and Lennie are two of these workers and travel to ranches as a team . George takes care of Lennie and looks after him because Lennie suffers from mental disorders . They become best friends even though George believes life would be easier without Lennie . Tough choices have to be made in order to keep everyone safe and George has to decide what a true friend would do in circumstances no one would want to face . The story talks of unreachable dreams and aspirations , something we can all relate to . The ending of the story has a surprise twist to it that will make you think and cause you to reevaluate what atrue friend is .
 Of Mice and Men is a book that draws you into a world many people have yet to experience . This book takes place in the 1930 's in southern California on a ranch where migrant workerstravel to in order to harvest wheat and then move on . George and Lennie are two of these workers and travel to ranches as a team . George takes care of Lennie and looks after him because Lennie suffers from mental disorders . They become best friends even though George believes life would be easier without Lennie . Tough choices have to be made in order to keep everyone safe and George has to decide what a true friend would do in circumstances no one would want to face . The story talks of unreachable dreams and aspirations , something we can all relate to . The ending of the story has a surprise twist to it that will make you think and cause you to reevaluate what atrue friend is .
 When you are feeling bad , Steinbeck is NOT the author to read . It really is a shame that most people do n't read anything more of his than Grapes of Wrath -LRB- which is a great novel , do n't get me wrong -RRB- . This is an incredibly short read , hardly more then a short story , barely a novella , and yet it packs an emotional punch that only Steinbeck can manage . It 's the story of George and Lennie , two down troden men in the California of the 30 's . Like so many others , they dream of having a parcel of land for themselves . They 're simple dream is really a desire to end the economic inequalities and maladies that plague their society . But when it comes down to it , Of Mice and Men is a a story of humanity , simple beautiful , brutal humanity . Lennie and George are shown the best and worst of man . They take part , in their morally ambigous way , in the good and ill of society . They are painfully sympathetic and you feel more emotional connected to them at the end of a short 120 pages then you would have thought possible . I implore everyone who reads to set aside an hour or two to read this powerful little book that will caused you to question all your previously held beliefs in regard to morality and humanity .
 Of mice and men is a good insight to life in america during the period when the ` americn dream ' was still a major part of the average americans mind set . this story portrays two men , one of them a clever and responsible man george , the other is a mentally challenged but extremely powerful man , lennie . moving from farm to farm job to job because of lennie 's uncontrollable actions , the only thing that keeps them going is their ` dream ' . this book is quite a touching story of companionship and hope . it aslo brings in the many different types of people and how they cope living in the same confined space . but most of all the book showed me the responsibilities and actionsyou have to take to forfill these responsibilities . read it
 `` I seen hunderds -LSB- sp -RSB- of men come by on the road an ' on the ranches , with their bindles on their back an ' that same damn thing in their heads . They come , an ' they quit an ' go on ; an ' every damn one of 'em 's got a little piece of land in his head . An ' never a God damn one of 'em ever gets it . They 're all the time talkin ' about it , but it 's jus ' in their head . `` Lennie and George are two laborers who work along the Californian ranches . They live their lives traveling to find work whenever and where they can . Lennie is a rather large man with enough strength to do hard work . Unfortunately , Lennie has a mental disability , denying him the privilege of having a higher intelligence than that of a child . George is Lennie 's caretaker and best friend . George 's characteristics are opposite of Lennie . He is intelligent and small . Like many laborers during that time , Lennie and George dream of owning their own piece of land . They plan to live life without a boss and make their own decisions . Lennie and George know this dream can come true , but a set of unfortunate events , characters , and Lennie 's attraction to trouble begin to alter their dreams and future plans.Throughout the novel , Of Mice and Men , Steinbeck is able to depict many themes . The themes that are found include understanding disabilities , racism , loneliness , and segregation . Characters that are encountered in Of Mice and Men are creatively used as symbols to describe the themes.I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys novels that provide good meaning and insight . I was highly entertained by the novel . Of Mice and Men is a remarkable and extraordinary book that allows you to look into different perspectives . Its story line is emotional and filled with suspense .
 Of Mice and Men by John SteinbeckThis story is about two men , Lenny and George , trying to make a living on their own . Smart and witty George finds them jobs , while slightly retarded Lenny helps accomplish the work with his ox-body structure . When tragedy hits this motivated duo , Lenny goes into hiding . The book ends in a terribly sad game of cat and mouse.This book was slow-paced at first , but the tables turn as you get further into the story . The characters were well portrayed and the conflicts of the story are exciting and keep you on the edge of your seat . The plot thickens after a while and forces you to keep reading ; its hard to put this book down ! Of you like classics with twists , turns and devestating disaster , this book is for you . I hope you enjoy this novel !
 The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an excellent book with a sad ending . The book focuses on two main characters George and Lennie . George and Lennie have a great friendship throughout the book , which inspires all . The reason they have such a great friendship is because George takes care of Lennie . Lennie is a lovable character that turns out to be a little slow and without George would not survive . George must treat him like a kid throughout the book just to try and keep Lennie out of trouble . These two friends are constantly getting into trouble in the book , but it is usually an accident . Lennie is behind all the trouble , and even though he is a strong and gigantic man , he really is very loving and kind . The two men go around working on farms so they can save up enough money to by their own farm . This dream is what motivates them and sets them apart from all others in the book . -LRB- ... -RRB- This was an excellent story ending in tragedy . You immediately fall in love with George and Lennie and their close friendship . As you learn about Lennie more and discover his very loving inside , you appreciate greatly what George does for Lennie . George is the definition of a friend and you do not find out until the end just how much he cares for Lennie . -LRB- ... -RRB- This book was on the banned book list because of its language . The language was too much at times , but did offer a taste into how life really was . It was not needed though to reveal the theme of friendship at the end . So I can understand why this book would be challenged . I myself enjoyed it to the highest degree , and therefore would recommend to anyone who would not mind the language .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was a very intriguing novel . There were both strengths and weaknesses to either the plot , charaterization , and readability . The book was a very easy and smooth book to read.The book was about the life of a man whose mind seemed intangible . The story plot did not quite explain how he got that way , however , did make some excuses for the way he was acting . In the beginning or throughout the book , the story did not explain how Lennie 's Aunt died . Throughout the book , though , I got a pretty good feel for who Lennie was and how he thought of certain situations.This book held my interest during the whole book because of its dialog , characters thought process , and the question what what would happen next . John Steinbeck did an excellent job of showing the good sides of egotistical people and how they deal with others.This was a great book to read and would be really good for a sequel . It showed that there are different types of people in the world and that there are conflicting personalities at times . I recommend this book to anyone who loves to just sit and read a book in one sitting .
 I 've never had to work on a ranch , but I got a chance to when I read OF MICE AND MEN , by John Steinbeck . Through the entire book I also felt the great bond of friendship between Lennie and George , the main characters . The friendship is always present , in good or bad times , until the last act pulls the two apart.Of all the characters , I 'm only going to tell you about the three of them that stick out in my mind . The first of these three is my favorite , Lennie . I like him because of his attitude towards everything . He is presented as a lovable dolt with the mind of a child and the body of a giant . He underestimates his strength quite a few times , the last of which gets him killed . Lennie will do anything George says . George id a small man will sharp , quick , features . He and Lennie were originally traveling to California together because Lennie had gotten in trouble and needed someone to look after him and George wanted money . They both want a farm they can live on together . The last character I have is Curly , a mean-hearted man and the rancher 's son . He is also the first person Lennie hurts .
 I had to read Of Mice and Men as summer reading for my freshman year in high school . It 's a very good book . Overrall , I enjoyed it . There were just some little things I could n't handle . Because I 'm very sensitive , I was n't comfortable with certain scenes in the book . I had trouble reading those parts and I could n't understand why it happened that way . John Steinbeck did a good job on this one , on the other hand . It 's well-written and interesting , it just has some flaws . I still own the book and I still read it every now and then . But it will never be classified as one of my favorite books . I recommend it for anyone , but if you 're like me , and you have trouble reading about violence and troubling scenes , you might want to hold off for awhile . I do n't want anyone to miss out on a book like this , but I do n't want anyone to become upset over it , either .
 Most people have read this book already - most likely because they had to in school . No one likes doing things they have to do , so you may not have fond memories of this book . But read it again - it 's worth it .
 Although an excellent book , it is very short . JS is excellent at creating characters and if you do like this then the Grapes of Wrath is an obvious next read .
 The book show the real life of two men . One who are crazy and another who try to survive and helped his crazy friend . It show 's the real world of our times , but in another century .
 I read this book a long time ago . The first time around I liked it . But that was all . I just liked it . This second time around , I realized that I love the book.It 's Steinbeck 's style to write simply . Those that are wise know that it 's not truly simply . There 's a moral to everything he writes-there 's a message . I learned a lot through this simply written book.Our two main characters are Lenny and George.George
 One of my all-time favorite books . Appropriate for maybe thirteen years and older . But do n't at all think this is a book intended for teens , it 's got some adult themes and has a crazy ending worth reading .
 Of Mice and Men was a fairly good book . I just read it for my Honors English 9 class for my reading list over the summer , and I knew pretty much what was going to happen since my sister read it a few months ago for her English 9 class , but it was still a very good read . There were parts in the story that at first i did n't understand why that needed to be in the book , but they are actually really important in the overall story and they help to understand why certain things are happening.Everyone who worked at the farm did n't really know what was wrong with Lenny , but they still accepted him for who he was and did n't judge , so that made me wonder what it would be like if everyone was like that now . There is always someone who has to be a jerk and try and ruin someone 's life , and in this book it was definitely Curley . Everyone was fine with Lenny until the end when they realized what he could do , and then they took things way overboard.If you 're planning on reading this book , then I strongly suggest having some tissues with you at the end .
 I have not read this book since high school -LRB- a long time ago -RRB- , so I actually had forgotten how much I loved this book , probably more this time as it was read for pleasure.Briefly , Of Mice and Men , tells the story of two drifters , Lennie , a mentally challenged , gentle giant , and George , the man who looks after Lennie . They are just two of the many itinerant labors who search for jobs in the fields of California during the Depression . George and Lennie hope that at some point , they will achieve the American Dream of owning a small piece of land and having a few rabbits as well , because Lennie loves small little critters and having something soft to pet . ` We 're gon na have a little place , '' Lennie explained patiently . `` We 're gon na have a house an ' a garden and a place for alfalfa , an ' that alfalfa is for the rabbits , an ' I take a sack of it fulla alfalfa and then I take it to the rabbits . '' ... `` I like to pet nice things with my fingers , sof ' things . `` Lennie is extremely loyal to George , and although he has caused some problems as the two travel from place to place trying to find work , the one constant is that they have each other . `` I ai n't got no people ... ` Course Lennie 's a God damn nuisance most of the time , but you get used to goin ' around with a guy an ' you ca n't get rid of him . `` George is often angry about some of the things that Lennie does , and feels burdened , believing that Lennie is holding him back in life . Lennie , in turn worries that George may leave him some day . In addition to george and Lennie , there are some minor characters in this story
 I will admit that I had to read this book for school back during my high school days and it actually was n't all that bad . I really enjoyed this book more than I thought that I was going too . It was such an interesting story about how George and Lennie worked together and fed off of each other 's spirits to be able to get through each day that came at them . It is a book that I would recommend to any person who is looking to read a great book . It has the highs and lows of an old time story about two guys trying to work towards the American Dream at that point in time . Wonderful story .
 I can not remember the last time , if ever , a story and its characters brought me to tears . This is what great story-telling is all about.The narrative get darker and more intense as the story progresses , until you realize that despite your most fervent and desperate hopes , the looming clouds are going to wash away dreams that one almost dare not cherish . The sad ending does not douse all optimism , however , and ends on a note of giving one 's dreams , however amended , another chance.Also , to echo what may already have been stated already , the audio narration by Gary Sinise is absolutely top notch .
 Length :
 I have mentioned previously in review of Steinbeck 's Grapes of Wrath that he had an ear for the language and circumstances of the drifter , the loner , those who live on the edge in seemingly fabulous California . This is not the California of the Chamber of Commerce hype but it is part of the history of the West Coast nevertheless . Of Mice and Men is in that same vein although there is probably a little more pathos to the characterizations of Lenny and George than Steinbeck gives to those in Grapes . But the dreams are the same . And why should n't they be . It may very well be that the best laid plans of mice and men go awry but , damn , we do n't have to like it and what it does to the human spirit . And neither does Steinbeck . Read this book , read all of Steinbeck 's books .
 I read it in the 9th grade which was about two or three years ago . I loved it . I thought it very well written . I love George and Lennie . I love George 's hate/love relationship with Lennie , and how he takes care of him and look out for him even though Lennie gets him into a lot of trouble . I loved the ending and how Lennie was thinking of the farm that George and him have dreamed about . I cried at the end of the story it was so amazing yet terribly sad . You really connect with how the characters feel at or by the end of the novel.thank you for your time , Loran
 For those who have never read Of Mice and Men AND for those who have - this is an exquisitely read version of Steinbeck 's classic tale .
 My father would often tell me stories about growing up during The Great Depression . He was not a man of many words , however , his detailed descriptions of life on the streets of Springfield , Massachusetts during this time were both numerous and vivid . Although a time of poverty for most , descriptions of life 's struggles during this period provide something of a romantic setting . People were in it together . With this in mind I decided to read Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men . `` How could a novel about individuals so impoverished that they would find work on a farm miles from home , live in row bunk houses , be paid little for their labor , and have little potential for the future , be considered uplifting . I guess because they were in it together . Despite continual complaining these individuals exibited the ultimate in tenacity ; after all they had no choice in the matter . They learned to live with one another and despite obvious dearth of education there instinct was to watch and care for one another ; well with the exception of one jerk.George Milton and Lenny Small are drifters . Family friends for many years George has taken it upon himself to care for the severely mentally challenged Lenny . Their dream is to one day buy a farm of their own and live off the fat of the land . Lenny 's handicap makes this somewhat impossible for he is constantly getting himself into trouble . Both his emotions and large stature make it necessary for both men to constantly pick up and leave for yet another work location . They are not alone in this lifestyle since their acquaintances exhibit similiar weaknesses in addition to their lack of income.I found myself asking myself the same question . Are people 's values really much different today when compared to our depression era counterparts ? Not really . When we find ourselves under stressful situations we tend to appreciate the fellowship of others , to visualize their dreams as our own , and to hope and plan for a better tomorrow .
 I first read this book for a secondary -LRB- high -RRB- school class and was instantly captivated by it . Revisiting it recently has reminded me again why the book is such a literary masterpiece.The first thing that one notices is that the book is remarkably short for all the hype that surrounds it . Yet the book 's short length is deceiving , because Steinback packs in a great narrative , some masterful descriptive pieces and a wealth of insight.The plot revolves around the idea that the `` the best laid schemes o ' Mice an ' Men , gang aft agley -LRB- often go awry -RRB- '' - a reference Robert Burn 's poem `` To A Mouse '' . Set in the Great Depression era of the 1930s , the narrative recounts the fortunes of its two central characters , George and Lennie , who set out with their own version of the American Dream and end up falling far short . The reader is caught up in this tight and simple - but incredibly moving - storyline as the protagonists , seemingly oblivious , march inexorably towards their tragic fates.To Steinback 's supreme credit , the main characters readily engender sympathy from the reader despite the shortness of the book . Side characters are also extremely convincing and pack a bigger punch than they would in the hands of lesser authors . The character and plot development is accompanied by an abiding sense of unease , arising from the air of lingering tragedy that Steinback manages to create . Furthermore , the matter-of-fact descriptions that punctuate the narrative add an element of rawness that makes the entire tragedy believable.Of Mice and Men , although short , left me thinking about the big things ; about dreams and about destiny . It is truly a modern classic - masterful in style and timelessly relevant . I can not recommend it more .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men can be interpreted at several levels . It is quite symbolic in nature , serving to show how oftentimes dreams , hopes , can become difficult obstacles . Although Steinbeck narrates in a simple voice , the prevalent themes -- isolation , loss of the American Dream , importance of friendship -- give the novel a wider range of meaning . George and Lennie 's failure to meet their dreams could be aligned with the context in which this novel was written -- that is , the many struggles of the migrant workers to find their ideal form of life in the times of the Depression . Lennie 's `` living off the fat of the land '' is akin to many of the people traveling from Oklahoma during the Dust Bowl to California with bigger and better dreams of daily work and life.The story begins with George and Lennie running away from the town of Weed in California . George is small in stature , but has a `` street smart '' persona about him that helps him get himself , and Lennie , out of predicaments . He needs this because Lennie , who is slow in mind but tremendous in size and physical strength , often unintentionally gets them in some sort of trouble , such as accidentally touching a girl 's dress . Lennie has a fondness for animals , which shows his innocent intent , but has just gotten blamed for a rape in Weed , which he and George come into the town of Salinas to get away from . They are searching for work to get them back on their feet and moving again . The new ranch could be a solution , but George has to look out to be sure that Lennie does n't get them in trouble , and he also has to make sure others do n't try to get Lennie in trouble . There is the bully on the ranch , Curley , who tries to pick on Lennie when he does n't speak up . George , although seemingly resenting the fact that he has to be Lennie 's parental-type figure , seems to relish in this role . He not only helps Lennie , but helps to keep Lennie 's dream alive by telling him it is possible , but helping him relive that dream by repeatedly saying it to him , `` Guys like us , that work on ranches , are the loneliest guys in the world . They got no family . They do n't belong no place ... With us it ai n't like that . We got a future . '' While on the ranch , George and Lennie begin to find themselves , but not without potential problems from others , such as Curley and his wife . In the end , George has to make a decision that will effect his own livelihood , his own dream.Although small in size -LRB- the book is only a little over one hundred pages long -RRB- , this is a book that teaches about the importance of hope and the essence of sticking together with those who mean the most to you . Another great literary experience from Steinbeck , one which I definitely would recommend giving a try .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' is one dealing with many themes and elements of the story . The action of the novel takes place on or near a ranch in the Salinas Valley of California , south of San Francisco . The time period is never stated , but it is probably during the early 1930s , the time of the Depression . The nomadic wandering , poverty , and despair that George and Lennie embody are all indicative of that time . The dominant mood of the story is that of expectation which is developed through the dreams of the major characters . There are also other moods evoked through the actions of the characters reflecting sorrow , pity , and brutality . The novel ends on a tragic note . The tone at the end is definitely one of depression and frustration . Loneliness is a key element in this story . Many of the characters admit to suffering from profound loneliness . George sets the tone for these confessions early in the novel when he reminds Lennie that the life of a ranch-hand is among the loneliest of lives deep . The fact that they admit to complete strangers their fear of being cast off shows their desperation . In a world without friends to confide in , strangers will have to do . Each of these characters searches for a friend , someone to help them measure the world , as Crooks says . In the end , however , companionship of his kind seems unreachable . For George , the hope of such camaraderie dies with Lennie , and true to his original inference , he will go through life alone . The characters are made helpless by their isolation , and yet , even at their weakest , they seek to ruin those who are even weaker . The novel suggests that the most visible kind of strength , that used to oppress others , is itself born of weakness . The title of the novel , Of Mice and Men , is a reference to Robert Burns ' poem entitled ` To a Mouse '' . This book is a classic work of literature and one I would recommend to all .
 At 17 years old , I have had to read too many assigned books for my liking . The books are always loved by teachers , hated by students.Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is one of two books that I 've actually enjoyed reading -LRB- the other being Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte -RRB- . I first heard of this book when my sister had to read it for school and then watched the movie with her when she rented it after finishing the book . I read the book when I was in the 8th grade . It was n't assigned to read in school until the 11th grade.I enjoyed the parallels that were scattered in the story . My favorite parts of the book are the beginning chapter and the end chapter . The beginning shows a peaceful place full of life and nature . There are birds and water and plants . When men finally come into the picture , it 's to trample on that . At the end , they show the same setting , but fill it with how men have destroyed it and bring death into the picture , foreshadowing the future.For those who have n't read this book , I implore you to read it.For those who have and did n't like it , I hope you give it a second chance .
 John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is one of his greatest achievements in literature . Not a particularly long book , it does do a lot with the 100 some-odd pages it has . The story starts out with introducing us to the two antagonists of the novel , George and Lenny . These two are an oddity in Depression-era California because for one , farm workers nearly always traveled alone and because Lenny is mentally retarded . The two are on their way to getting another job after having been run off their last one . The goal of our antagonists is to one day earn enough money to buy their own farm and live of the ` fatta the lan ' . ' This will soon lead to the novel 's major theme of despair . During their short time on the farm , George and Lenny meet many characters , all with their own personal despairs . Candy is the old swamper who , like his dog , is outliving his usefulness , and fears he will be disposed of , also , like his dog . Curley is a young man with a chip on his shoulder . Feeling he will always be ridiculed , no matter what he does or who he marries , he is always pugnacious and looking to prove himself by fighting bigger guys . Curley 's wife dreams of stardom . She is pretty and was always told she could be famous . She now resents living on a farm and not having a chance to live out her dreams . The old Negro , Crooks , has turned to books for companionship after years of neglect by all others . So set in his ways , he rails against himself for even thinking that anyone could be his friend after Lenny and Candy visit him . All of these characters , along with all of the minor farm workers , feel like they each have their own personal story of despair that they could share with you . When George finds out that Candy has money put away and is interested in investing in the farm with him , it seems like the dream could become a reality . But , if you know anything about Steinbeck , this can not be the case . Lenny eventually gets himself into some major trouble , shattering all of their dreams and George faces an impossible decision which will change both their lives forever . It 's amazing how such a succinct novel could have you caring so much about the characters by its conclusion . Steinbeck makes his characters full and real and makes their pain the pain of the reader . Again , this is a masterful novel and a must read that gets my full recommendation .
 Having taught at an inner city school with extremely reluctant readers , I always found joy in witnessing kids get into this book . I have had students confess they had never before read a `` chapter '' book , but they actually read this one.Steinbeck 's characteriztion , his timeless themes , and his crafty step into a deeper world of symbolism and realism reach to students ... I highly recommend reading it with the audio tapes as well . Gary Sinise does an outstanding read ... There simply is no better George .
 THe book `` Of Mice & Men '' starts out in the 1930 's ; when a quick-minded boy and a muscular man sets out on a journey to find the american dream .
 This book is wierd because in the end the main character shoots his mentally challenged frined in the back of the head , and hes tellin him a story abot his happiness
 I first read this book at a young age , curled up on the couch . I found it on the shelf of my mother 's bedroom . My mother was suprised to see I had taken it upon myself to read such a book at the age of 10 . I wanted to read an adult book , and the slim package of this book seemed undaunting , and unintimidating . I think it opened me up to a world of literature at a young age that has made me love books for a lifetime.Steinbecks masterpiece is a book you could never forget . It will make you cry , and and laugh.As the two men in the book are faced with challenges , and the ultimate challenge you sympathize with each character , their struggles , and the consequences they each face.It 's a good book for a young adult , but anyone who has never read this must .
 If you ever wondered what the ultimate devotion of a true friend is like , then Of Mice and Men is the book for you . In this novel John Steinbeck explores the interesting lives of two men , Lennie and George . Lennie is a man with a big body and an even bigger heart . Lennie is the kind of gentle giant who loves anything soft . George is the opposite of Lennie . George is a small dark man with sharp features . The two men travel to California in search of work . When they arrive at a ranch they find more then just work . They make new friends , new enemies and get into trouble . Lennie has a learning disability and is a little slow , and George said he would always watch out for Lennie . In their time at the ranch they meet a few different characters , one of which is a woman who happens to be married to the bosses ' son Curly . Curly is a small jealous man who picks fights for random reasons . Curly 's wife is a flirtatious woman who loves the attention she receives from the men on the farm . One event that shows Georges strength and the lack of his ability to make good judgments , was when Curly stormed into the bunkhouse accusing Lennie of having and affair with his wife . When Curly throws a punch Lennie catches his fist and easily crushes it . This event only added to Lennie and Georges problems . George and Lennie are working to save money so they can live a life they always dreamed of . After a series of unfortunate events the plot takes a sorrowful turn . This is a very entertaining book that has a little bit of everything
 i absolutely LOVED this book . i was assigned to read it for a school report , and i must admit , when i first recieved the assignment i thought it was going to be a very boring book . However , as i was reading it , i grew to love it . I began to feel as if i knew the characters personally . I began to feel their triumphs and their tragedies , their hardships and their accomplishments . The two main characters , George and Lennie , are best friends and travel together . Lennie is mentally challenged and relies on George for everything . George openly accepts this responsibility and in turn relies on Lennie for someone to talk to . Lennie and George could be seen as the two parts of one man . George is the mind ; Lennie is the body . Neither can exist apart ; to kill either half is to kill the whole . I was so engrossed in the book and the characters ' lives that by the time that i reached the suprising , dramatic last few pages of the book , i was crying . The last few pages are very sad and show how much they really care for each other . In a final act of love , George does something for Lennie that truly shows how much he cares for him . I will never forget this book , and it has left me with a lasting message about friendship and love . Thank you for reading this review , and I hope that I have encouraged you to read this book .
 Companionship is a bond between two people who share the same interests and help each other through struggles . In the book Of Mice and Men , John Steinbeck talks about the friendship between two migrant workers , George and Lennie . George is a small , wiry man that cared a lot about Lennie . He is usually the one to make the decisions and plans for their future . In contrast , Lennie is large in size , lumbering , and he has a childlike mind . Lennie & iexcl ; s mental disabilities allow him to completely depend upon George for guidance and protection.Both George and Lennie shared a common dream . Their dream is to earn money to buy a farm of their own where no one ever reaches . To make this a reality , they found a job at a ranch . At the ranch , George and Lennie encounter many challenges , and they also undergo many struggles to attain their idealistic dream . The author concludes this novel with a very shocking and unexpected ending.This is a great novel to read . It is a short and entertaining novel that captures the reader 's interest . It moves in a fast pace with many excellent descriptions in every scene . The novel was so well written that I was immersed into it . The author explorers the brotherhood in humans , strengths and weaknesses , and the dream we all possess . Steinbeck clearly illustrated the impossibility to achieve happiness and freedom - the American Dream , and I definitely can relate the themes to my daily life . I strongly recommend this story because it brings laugher , excitement , and tears , and it is a classic you do n't want to miss .
 The book ` Of Mice & Men ' is what people should read to understand the situation that the habitants of this small world is suffering
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a great novel , written by John Steinbeck . It deals with really interesting subjects such as dreams , loneliness , authority and violence . I believe this are the main themes the book has , these are the things that the author wants us , the readers , to find out . George and Lennie , the main characters , are itinerant workers , they both share a dream . This dream is the most important thing they have , it gives them the hope that things in a future would change , that they would have a house `` An ` live off the fatta the lan '' . This two characters are very different , George is `` small and qick '' instead Lennie is a huge guy , mentally retarded . Although all the differences they have , they travel together and share lots of important things . Every character in the novel is lonely , and I believe this is one of the thing that had more impact on me . The fact that no character had any real friend , nor a family , no one to talk with , no one to hear you . I think that this is why , some parts of this novel are really sad . `` Guys like us , that work on ranches , are the lonlinest guys in the world , They got no family . They do n't belong no place '' This is said by one of the main characters , George . I bleieve this book , is one of the best books I have ever read , this is because every subject involved in the novel is really interesting and has lots to do with life nowadays .
 This book is a tragic tale of two farm laborers who wander around to own a land of their own . They both are an unlikely pair . George is a short and smart man . Lennie is an enormous man with a childish mind . They both are very different yet they have formed a family . They ran away from their hometown to escape the law and started to work on a ranch in the Salians valley but trouble awaits them every corner . This is a great book for the ages of thirteen or over . If you love adventure and fun then you should read this book !
 Although not one of the lengthiest books to ever hit the shelves , Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men is definitely a warhorse in the arena of American Literature . Illustrating the fierce love between two friends , Steinbeck takes the reader on a journey through the poverty stricken lands of the West . These two friends , George and Lennie , are the two main characters of the novel , and their journeys from job to job hold only one thing in common
 George Milton , a little man physically , tried to receive a harvesting job along with his close friend Lennie , who on the other hand , is a giant of a man physically , but very slow mentally . George acted like Lennie 's older brother and watched out for him . Their boss stated , `` Well , I never seen one guy take so much trouble for another guy . I just like to know what your interest is '' -LRB- 25 -RRB- . `` Lennie kills without malice -- animals and people die simply because of his strength . Lennie himself must die simply because within the society of man he is an anomaly and weak . '' The theme of the book is universal , '' a friendship and a shared dream that makes an individual 's existence meaningful . '' The great , classical novel will remain well read , and a well-liked book for ages to come . The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an attempt to reveal `` commitment , loneliness , hope , and loss remains , '' along with the labor forces in the late 1930 's . Reader can easily relate to the characters and setting in the novel and , as a result , the book has influenced many readers . The book had great significance on the readers during the time in which the book was written . The style of writing is very simplistic , easy to understand , and very entertaining . '' Part of Steinbeck 's greatness lies in his ability to capture this tone of basic reality . '' Steinbecks ` style of simplicity and easy reading in Of Mice and Men captures the reader 's interest right from the get go , and along with the easy relating themes and plot keeps the readers attention until the last words are read . `` John Steinbeck is famous for his compassionate depiction of people of the bottom of American Society , '' In this book , like so many of his others , he describes the time period , social events , and gives a clear pictures of what life was like . Steinbeck is mostly known for his great attention to detail and his sense of social justice in Of Mice and Men . George is a small man , who not only has himself to look after but also has the job of looking after and caring for his mentally delayed friend Lennie . George said , `` Whatever we ai n't got , that 's what you want . God a ` mighty , if I was alone I could live so easy . I could go get a job an ' work , an no trouble . No mess at all , and when the end of the month come I could take my fifty bucks and go into town and get whatever I want '' -LRB- 11-12 -RRB- . As they grow up they find the true friendship they have is so important , along with the commitment to one another . This great novel will remain a classic forever .
 ` Of Mice and Men ' is not the greatest classic ever but it is a great story of friendship . Though it 's short , I still found some parts a little hard to understand . I thought some parts were really interesting while others were a little dull and could 've been better said . Overall though it 's a pretty good read .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a truly wonderful story about the companionship between two friends . Lennie and George were friends since they were both very young and shortly into the story the reader can feel this dependant state that Lennie is in since he obviously has some form of mental retardation . George is the one that has been keeping Lennie in line his entire life . However as the book continues the reader begins to realize that George really does care for Lennie and it he takes care of him out of love . The pair get a job working on a farm with other tenants . The obvious leader of the group is Slim , who starts a friendship with George at the very start . The reader is then introduced to Curley , who 's father owns the farm , one immediately recognizes that Curley and his flirtatious wife are trouble . George and Lennie have plans to save enough money to buy a farm and live off the land . Another worker on the farm overhears them talking and asks if he can trade his life savings for a chance to stay with them on the farm . This shows how everyone else is envious of their rare friendship . The lives of the workers then spiral out of control when Lennie accidentally kills Curleys wife . Lennie immediately runs away but Curley knows who has killed her and they chase after him . George goes to the spot they picked as a place they are to go if they get separated . George finds Lennie crying and George comforts him while he slowly raises a pistol to the back of Lennies head and shoots him out of mercy .
 The classic Steinbeck novel Of Mice and Men takes place during the Great Depression in the mid 1930 's . The two main characters are Lenny and George who are migrant workers heading to a new job on a ranch area in rural Soledad , California . The first main character , Lennie , has a mind of a little child , but a body and strength of a giant . He always relies on George as a friend and a traveling companion . Lennie always gets in trouble because he does not know his own strength . The second main character , George , is Lennie 's opposite in every way . George has a keen mind and is small and lean . These two companions help each other throughout the story , but it is up to George to decide the future of Lennie.The main focus of this book is based on Lennie and George 's relationship and how they protect each other from the world . Lennie gets in trouble by petting the boss ' son 's wife . After Lennie 's hand gets caught in her hair , she starts panicking . Lennie gets scared of all the noise she is making , so he covers her mouth and accidentally breaks her neck . Lennie hides because the other migrant workers found out and going to lynch him . George knew where Lennie was hiding so he took the boss ' gun and shot Lennie in the head out of mercy , because Lennie would have otherwise died in a painful way by hanging.In my opinion , this novel written by John Steinbeck is a wonderful and well-written book that leads the reader on a journey through the exploration of human existence and compassion . I really felt I was living through the characters lives and habits . This book brought me into a world during the Great Depression . I felt that I was a migrant farmer watching this every time I was reading this book . I really enjoyed this book and really felt what it was like back then . I recommend this book to any person who loves to read about history and feel what it was like before .
 The book `` Of mice and Men '' is book of unexpecting events . The two main character are George and Lennie , they si on the run from Weed . Lennie is a mentally challnege man . He is a big , strong man . I do recommend this book because this is a funny book and very tricky .
 I read this book in first quarter at school , even though I did n't really enjoy it , but I guess that the books contains are not that bad at all.John Steinbeck 's books are , a little bit , confusing sometimes , I may say . I have read `` The Pearl '' which is more confusing then this book that I am currently reviewing , anyway , let 's get back to this book . Steinbeck tells the story in a confusing way , I may say , but once you get to the main plot points , you will understand where he is leading you . In this book , it is about George and Lennie , who , people would call odd , because no men would travel together anymore , during that time period , which is , 1930 's I guess -LRB- I forgot -RRB- . This book shows the bond of friendship and the hardship that grown up has to get over with . It starts out with getting a job at a ranch , we soon discovered that the tall and strong Lennie has a mind of a child , which makes things worst , once they got their job at the ranch . George , who is Lennie 's companion , really wants to keep Lennie out of trouble , but sometimes trouble comes without you knowing it . Soon , after some time , things gets worst , and an surprised ending wraps the story all up .
 Of Mice and Men is definitely the best short novel i 've ever read , and it is probably my second favorite book -LRB- Dostoevsky 's Brothers Karamazov is first . -RRB- Steinbeck 's portrayal of the offbeat friendship of George and Lenny is deeply moving and engaging . This book is a must-read !
 Steinbeck 's writing style is fantastic , and this story lends itself to dicussion in high school classes . It 's not overly complex , but the issues raised are limitlessly debatable . I did n't enjoy it quite as much as GRAPES OF WRATH because MICE does n't have the same epic feel , but still it 's a fantastic book that everyone should read at least once .
 Of Mice And Men , by John Steinbeck was a winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962 . I reed this book in the 9th grade , and I enjoyed it but now 4 years later I read it again and I understudied it better , maybe because I am more mature , and I understand life better than before.I recommend this book because of how the two men , George and Lenny lock out for each other , and how good friends they are , but also it is a sad book , it is sad because of the way things tern out . This book has the best ending a book can have , the thing that a person will do for a friend.I recommend this book to anyone , especially to people that enjoy books that make you think about things through out the whole book , and I also recommended to people that think that life is beautiful , but it ca n't be all the time.By , Victor Meza
 Of Mice and Men is a story about two travelers that are trying to make their dream come true . The main charters in this book are , George Milton and Lennie Small . Both are the run because of an incident that happened in the town Weed . George and Lennie travel to get work so they can one day save up enough money to buy a piece of land and reach their goal . One thing that Lennie likes to do in this book is to pet soft things . He likes soft animals especially rabbits . Lennie is mentally retarded so he does n't really know what is right and wrong . Lennie gets himself into lots of trouble throughout this book.My favorite character in this book is George Milton because he gets Lennie out of trouble . George helps Lennie all the way through their adventure and that is a true friend by your side.I could relate to George because when it comes to a good friend like he is with Lennie I 'm there for my friends . George helps Lennie a lot through this book by sticking up for him and keeping him out of trouble . I have always saved my friends when they were trouble just like George does with Lennie . I help my friends when they need it the most . George helps Lennie when he gets in trouble in the town of Weed . I am just like George in a way because of how good of a friend he is to Lennie and how I am the same with my friends.This is a great book , but it is sad near the end . You can foresee a lot of things while reading this novel . My favorite part in the book was when Lennie is getting punched in the face by Curly ; George then tells Lennie to fight back . Lennie then grabs Curly 's hand with one fist and crushes it . The part that I least liked in the book was when Carlson shot Candy 's dog to put it out of it 's misery because Carlson said the dog smelled . Carlson had no right to shoot Candy 's dog even if he did wanted to put it out of it 's misery . I would change the part where Lennie got involved with Curly 's wife . This is when things leads to trouble.I would recommend this book to others because it is a great book . This book has everything , drama , action and lots more . I think any type of person would read this novel mostly because of the story , characters and the qualities that it has . Over all this is the best novel that I have read in years and I suggest others should read this book and enjoy .
 Of Mice and Men is a good book . I do n't want to give the book away so I wo n't say much about it . It is about two men named George and Lennie . Lennie is mentally impared . George looks after him after Lennies aunt died . Lennie gets in trouble and causes them to move to a different town . Other things happen there.The author of this book is John Steinbeck . He is a great author . He wrote another book about a family in Oklahoma during the Dust Bowl ...
 The novel Of Mice and Men by john Steinbeck is a unique book . The book is about two friends , their dreams and solidarity of others.George and Lennie are two main characters and two amiable friends . Also they look after each other , but George ca n't guard Lennie because Lennie has a mind of young child , so he get into trible very oftan . As migrant workers they run to accomplished thir dreams . The friendship of Lennie and George and solidarity of others is the main theme in this book . I like the book because it has such a good lesson to learn , and the language that has an effect that touched the heart . I will absolutely recomend the book because as I menntioned about that Lennie gets into trible very oftan , so to protect him George has to make big decision for Lennie . So to find outhow he protects his friend , to learn about friendship , and how solidarity effects others lives , you must read the book Of Mice and Men .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is about two men who try to survive in the middle of the Great Depression . George is a pretty normal guy , but his friend Lenny is retarded . They go around California looking for work , but everywhere they go Lenny does something that makes them leave . This is a great story of two men that have a great friendship that can not be broken.Steinbeck portrays the Depression vividly . He shows how people behaved and just treated other people . What people had to do to survive back then is crazy . Lenny is just an innocent bystander in this horrid time in our history . In that time there was no room for innocence . You fought to live or you died . I give this book five stars .
 Of Mice of Men by John Steinbeck is about a tall dumb man named Lennyand the other short man named George.They both look for jobs , butLenny always messes up on everything which eventually leads up to murder.This is the best story i 've ever read before.I recommend everyone to read this facinating novel .
 John Steinbeck 's of `` of mice and men '' is about two friends who travells together and works on different ranches . George is the small and smart guy who get 's the jobs for him and Lenni , and Lenni is the big , strong and a bit slow guy who always ends up in trouble . The novel is about theire incredible frienship and the dream they share about getting theire own piece of land ... ! George act 's like a big brother for Lenni and he feels some kind of responsability towards him . Lenni is the kindest guy ever and he never means to do anything wrong , but in the end of the book he makes a big mistake wich is fatal in more than one way ... ! I really liked this book because it said something to me , about friendship , never giving up dreams and so many other things . John Steinbeck is an exelent writer . +
 Steinbeck created two of the most memorable characters in American literature with the book ; Sinise brings them to life with his wonderful narration . I believe only a paragrah or two was omitted from the book in this recording , so you get the complete story . I have played parts of this tape for my high school students ; it captures their attention instantly . From my honors students to my students who can barely read , this book is always a favorite , and they all enjoy the power of Sinise 's narration .
 Steinbeck is one of my favorite American authors , I 've read most of his novels . I had n't read this book since 10th grade , so I bought a new copy and read it again . I like the imagery and characterizations . It 's a good story , plus it is a good book to read when you want to read `` literature '' but are intimidated by the 800-page Russian or British books . -LRB- Or likewise , Grapes of Wrath -RRB- The major problem I have with this book and much of Steinbeck 's works are that the majority of women are portrayed as -LSB- prostitutes -RSB- who let their sexuality cause evil . Even on the back of this novel , it says something like `` George protected innocent Lenny until a flirtacious woman ... '' I 'm just tired of Steinbeck 's view of women as evil sexual temptresses -LRB- East of Eden , Wayward Bus -RRB- or -LSB- prostitutes -RSB- -LRB- Cannery Row , Sweet Thursday -RRB- ... definately worth reading though .
 I have to say this . I am not into this kind of stories . It was a good story though . But I am more into the Go Ask Alice , Beauty Queen , Naked Lunch stories . About drug users who become addicted and can not get their life in control . But this is a good story . If you are looking for violence , or even pornographic details , this is not the book for you . You have to like to read to truly enjoy this book . It is an ok book . But if you truly dont like to read , I recommend you check out the movie . It is basicaly the same but without the reading . All in all , I say this is a good book , not my kind of book , but a good book indeed .
 Lennie is big with a mind of a kid and George is a good person , always is taking care of lennie , he is small and black.They have a big dream.This book talk abaut lonliness , love , friendship , discrimination , alienation , disappointment , death , and dreams.It is a good book , i like it because i learned abaut the dreams , something tha everybody has , but some of they came true . I recommend this book because a lot of people have learned somrthing from this book and it is easy to understand the life of the migrant workers.Read it .
 This is an UNABRIDGED reading of the Steinbeck classic , and it is wonderful . My juniors loved it , and so did I. Ca n't wait until next year when I teach this book again ! Gary Sinise does an amazing job making distinct all the characters in this novel . One would think other people are reading these characters , but it is all Gary . The movie that Mr. Sinise directed and starred in is also wonderful . We all loved it !
 Between the haunting characterization and the brilliant story-telling , Steinbeck created a novella that captures the human experience with an eerie certainty . Like Hemingway , the few words used create more power than other authors who can be sometimes accused of over-stating their point .
 All the reviews here will tell you that this is a classic and what the book is about . However , I have n't found a review applauding the author 's mastery of the art of writing . That 's what this review will tell you and the others may not.This book has some of the best examples of anticipation/suspense , climax , resolution , and most of all foreshadowing , that I 've ever had the pleasure of reading . If you want to know what true writing is all about , then you MUST read this masterpiece . It is a relatively quick read , but one that will stay with you forever .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a classic tale of loyalty and friendship . It is about two friends named George Milton and Lennie Small who are a couple of laborers going from job to job . Steinbeck is able to capture the personalities of two poverty stricken friends during the great depression . George , a small out spoken man is responsible for Lennie , a larger hardworking man whom is mentally retarded . Both share a common dream of owning some land and being treated fairly . But a cloud of bad luck shadows them . Of Mice and Men was well written and easy reading
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a classic tale of loyalty and friendship . It is about two friends name George Milton and Lennie Small who are a couple of laborers going from job to job . Both share a common dream of owning some land and being treated fairly . It was well written and I enjoyed reading it very much . I recommend it to everyone .
 Of Mice and Men by John Steinback is a great book to read.It is a book about how George , a small quick guy helps Lennie , a big guy , who is not very smart.Through the story George always helps Lennie.This book makes you want to keep on reading to find out what happens.My favorite part about Of Mice and Men is that it has a sad ending.It 's not one of those boring story 's where it has a happy endind.This book is more unique .
 Of Mice and Men is truely one of Steinbeck 's most well-written and moving novels . The story is a simple one , with a few others branching off of it . The main plot consists of a smart , young , productive man taking care of a friend who is extremely strong , large , and partially slow . It is a tear-jerking story that I feel everyone should read . If you end up liking this , the movie with Gary Sinise is just as good , if not better ! A must read!I conclude with only one negative comment . If you are sensitive about profanity in books , I suggest you not read this . It is packed to the brim ... Compared to the book , though , the movie is profanely mild , in fact . A surprising move for Hollywood .
 This short book is a very quick read , yet is as profound as one would expect . It is the story about two friends , and the way they care for each other . The narration is elequently written and the descriptions are breath-taking . If you are looking for a great piece of literature , this is a wonderful choice .
 John Steinbeck must have been a genius . For this book is too true to just simply read and then forget about . `` Of Mice and Men '' focuses on many individuals , the main characters being George and Lennie . This book has many meanings that stick out like a sore thumb . The main theme being loneliness . This book will leave you numb inside . This book teaches many lessons and is guarenteed to be a favorite for anyone . There are no words good enough to describe it . Read it yourself and you will see what I mean .
 This was a great book . I enjoyed it from the front cover to the back . Steinbeck 's desriptions made you pity the characters you were suppossed to , and hate the characters you were supposed to hate . It 's not difficult to read , and the ending was a real shocker . Another thing I like are the hints that Steinbeck drops to foreshadow the futures . There are two events which mirror each other , except for the fact that they are between completely different characters . I wo n't say what it is , because it will give stuff away . So , all in all , it 's a great book , and really deserves to be read .
 I strongly advise everyone to read `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck . This is one of the best books I 've ever read . It has everything from comedy to drama . This is one of those must-read books . Here 's a little review of the book . There are two main characters in this book named Lennie and George . These two men are best friends who travel together wherever they go . The story starts off when Lennie and George have to run away from their job in a town called Weed . They travel to a new job on a ranch where many things happen . At first the story does n't seem too interesting , but you have to read to the end for the very best part . And trust me , it 's worth it . I wo n't give it away , but the ending will definitely make you quite emotional .
 Of Mice & MenThis is a story about two guys , Lennie and George . They are very close friends , and trust each other well . The story begins at a river near a small pond . Lennie likes to pet things that are really soft , because his aunt use to give him mice to pet when he was little . They get a job on a farm to raise money to get their own piece of land . But a few days after they get the job all heck breaks lose and Lennie runs away . George finds him and the rest you have to read yourself .
 The book Of mice and Men was a good book . It keeps you wanting to know more the whole way through . The characters are described very well , but the two main characters are opposite . One , named Lennie , is big tall and stupid , he acts like a five-year-old as they put it in the book . The other one , George , is short and kind of smart compared to Lennie . Unlike most of the other ranch hands the two are traveling together from ranch to ranch , and even more than others are because Lennie is always getting into trouble . Lennie loves soft things , which gets him into a lot of trouble . At this last ranch they think they will finally fulfill their dream and earn enough money to buy a piece of land , Lennie gets into the biggest mess of all .
 The story is about two guys who go to a ranch to find jobs . George is a small guy who is smart . Lennie is a big guy who is very slow . Lennie gets in lots of trouble with wanting to pet soft things like mice and velvet . When they get the job Lennie gets in lots of trouble with other workers at the ranch . There is a girl on the ranch , which gets Lennie in lots of trouble at the end of the story . I think it is a good book to read .
 OF MICE AND MENOf Mice and Men is an interesting story . Many people think that it is boring just by looking at the title . But you ca n't judge a book by its cover . Of Mice and Men is a different book then any other book that I have read . It has many characters with different personalities that you have never seen . Of Mice and Men is about two guys , Lennie and George . Lennie is a big guy but he is not smart . George is a guy who travels with Lennie and takes care of him . When they go to a ranch to find work many twists take place . I would recommend this book . You wo n't put it down !
 This book was very good , at the beginning I thought it was going to be boring but after I started reading and reading I noticed that this was a great book . It is kind of sad but it also had fun things . George is a great guy , he is the type of man that is always thinking about the others , and he treat Lennie as his brother . I recommend this book to every one . It 's a great book , and in this book you learn how lonely people feel inside . READ IT!Henar .
 Superbly written , powerful . I am still amazed at being moved so much by so few words .
 I downloaded this for my brother . I remember reading this in high school . It 's one of those classic stories that 's a tragedy , but so well told .
 It was an awesome book that never got me bored !! It is full of action and excitement !! Would definitely recommend this book !!
 One of the best books of all time . My son loved it and read it cover to cover in a few days . I just re-read it again . Loved it even more the second time reading it as an adult !!
 How could I presume to review Steinbeck , ... his writing is almost perfect . None of today 's politically correct stuff , just a rationalistic style good book.Many modern TV themes have been taken from this book including a lot of Loony Toons cartoons.Steinbeck s George and Lennie theme is the basis for much of modern day juxtaposition .
 The book was the best book I ever read and I do not read a lotI think you will like it a lotIt was my favorite book ever
 I debated about whether to write a review of Of Mice and Men - after all , it 's been reviewed and dissected about 7 gajillion times , right ? But then I got to thinking - if I had n't read it because I was a little scared of reading Steinbeck , maybe others feel the same?Required reading was n't big in Australian schools when I was a teenager , and if there was a required reading it was almost always an Australian author -LRB- Nevil Shute for example -RRB- , so it 's a slightly sad state of affairs that I was 30 years old before I read my first Steinbeck . I 'm not a fan of ` classics ' as it goes - I always thought if I read one I 'd have to say lots of really meaningful , intellectual-type things about it . So I 'm just going to say exactly what I thought - no delving into themes , discussions or dissections.Of Mice and Men evokes perfectly the era , the characters and the lives of roving farm workers - the writing is lyrical yet simplistic and the dialogue is liberally peppered with accent , which makes it all the more realistic.The story itself is short and simple in the telling - two friends bound by circumstance and loyalty , in a situation that is never going to end well . George is a down-to-earth kinda guy , and empathizing with Lennie is easy - after all , a gentle giant would never hurt anyone , right?There 's nothing to be scared about here - it 's a simple , quick story that 's rich with atmosphere and characterisation . My only criticism is that it is a little too short - I wanted more !
 Never required to read this book in school . Now , in my mid 50 's have finally read it . It is superb . Great character studies . A short book , but one I will never forget . Makes me hungry for more Steinbeck . Is densely packed with incredibly colorful descriptions , yet still leaves room for one 's imagination to fill in some details . Probably can appreciate more now than would have in high school . Steinbeck was a genius .
 Must Read ! One of my favorite books . All of my sisters really loved it too ! Very enjoyable for all ages .
 of mice and men - well worth the read ... very moving and thought provoking ... shows a true love for another human being
 Although this book has a sad ending , overall this book is the best I have read so far , and I will read this over and over again .
 Of Mice and Men is one of the best books I 've ever read ! It 's about friendship , racism , sexism , contrasts , etc. . It 's a very unique book and does n't have a `` happily ever after '' ending , it 's very unique . I wo n't spoiling anything , read it !
 The description of the stream in the opening scene is alone worth the price of the book . And then comes the dialogue , of which Steinbeck was a master . Holds up well !!
 Of Mice and men is one of the most beautiful stories about friendship . The story is about two Americans . The thoughts and actions of the two southerners are made open for the reader to enjoy and judge.The favorite character in the book is Lenny . He came out in the story as and was innocent person with a mental defect . It reminded me somehow of the hero in Disciples of Fortune . The amazing thing about this book is that not a lot of books are based on such unique characters . Another attractive aspect of Lenny is his physical strength and hardworking nature . Yet , despite his meek nature , he was dangerous in the sense that he even killed a woman out of fear.Steinbeck successfully created a philosophical twist to life through this story by bringing to life strong but vulnerable characters that we all can relate to .
 Lenny and George are friends who travel together , looking for work during the Great Depression in America . George is world wise and street smart but Lenny is slow and nave . George and Lenny have struggles finding work and Lenny , because of his limited intelligence , is always struggling to keep from jeopardizing the jobs the men find . Despite their struggles , George and Lenny have big dreams , dreams of getting their own place and living off the `` fatta the land . '' Lenny and George find work on a ranch , but within hours of arriving , the men are worried about keeping their jobs . The owner 's son is a small man who is always looking for a fight . In addition , the owner 's son 's wife is a flirt , inciting her husband 's raging jealousy and anger . And it is not long before trouble comes.A powerful story , with vivid characters and rich symbolism . One of my favorite reads of all time .
 very pleased with the service and a great book . i had to read it for english many years ago and I fell in love with the story .
 George and Lennie are two itinerant farm workers moving from one California farm to another . The two of them move together in order to avoid the loneliness and misery that usually accompanies nomads . Lennie is an incredibly strong and hard worker who has a mind of a child . Unfortunately for him , his strength and child-like instincts oftentimes get him in trouble . George has known Lennie since he was just a kid , and is the brains behind this unlikely duo . George dreams of a bigger life for the two of them , a life where they would settle on a small farm of their own . The questions remain , however , of how will they acquire enough money to purchase such a place and if they will be able to do so without getting into any really big trouble on account of Lennie 's unpredictable behavior.This is perhaps the most poignant and well developed of Steinbeck 's short novels . The characters are some of the most memorable ones in all of the twentieth century literature , and are masterfully developed and vivid . The narrative is as compact and tight as they come . Steinbeck is nothing short of a pure genius when it comes to constructing stories
 Eric 's Book Review for Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men `` The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck has two very important main characters . One of which is George Milton , a farm hand who accepts the day labor and who has assumed the responsibility of taking care of his simple-minded friend Lenny . The other is Lennie Small , a large retarded man who has the mind of a child and who loves to pet soft and pretty things . Some other characters include Slim , a sympathetic a man who understands and comforts George when Lennie is killed , and Curley , a small , cocky , arrogant man who is the son of the boss . The setting of this book is in farm areas with few or little towns and vast areas of land surrounding the people that live there . I thought this book was quite interesting and a real page-turner . The book kept me on the edge of my seat waiting to see what Lennie would do next . I was in shocked to read some of the things Lennie did . Overall I suggest this book for anybody who likes a good book . George had heard of some harvesting jobs that are available on a nearby farm , so George and Lennie decided to walk there . They planned to camp out for the night and be at work the next morning . During the evening George was forced to take a dead mouse out of Lennie 's hand because Lennie like to pet soft things . George then reminded Lennie of the trouble he had caused in the other town when Lennie tried to pet a little girl 's dress . You must read on in the book to find out what happened during George and Lennie 's journeys .
 George and lennie are good friends and they travel together . After death of lennie 's aunt lennie become very close to George . Lennie is a mentally sick person even he does n't understand some one had a played on him . He is a huge man , shapeless of face with large , pale eyes with wide and sloping shoulders . He likes to pet pups specially rabbits . George is opposite to lennie . George is small and quick , dark of face , with restless eyes and sharp . Other corrector is slim . He is tall skinner . Slim is person who knows everything about farming than anyone . Next corrector is Curley . He is son of the boss . He is very hot temper man . Other corrector is Purty . Purty is Curley 's wife but she is very ... easy going . Other corrector is whit . He is also young farmer working with them . Other corrector is Crooks . He is a Negro and he is living with same place with everybody but in separate room . He maintains his room very clean and he reads book . He keeps himself away from others because he is others are racist on him . UNBELIVEBLEEND ,
 i do n't understand why you have to write a review to rate and item . why ca n't you just click on the stars and rate it that way ? i wish amazon would fix this.anyhow the book is tragic but i liked it .
 This is not only my all-time favorite Steinbeck , but probably my all-time favorite book . Second place probably goes to EAST OF EDEN or Jackson McCrae 's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD . Still , OF MICE is so much fun , so easy to read , and such a pleasure . Highly recommended for anyone wanting a good read .
 I think the views ' that Mr. Steinbeck does show in thisbook are very much thought provoking and intrigueing . Itreally makes you value what you do have in life . It isa wonderful book and should be read by everyone .
 This book was the definite favorite of all the required reading books at our school . Most of our class liked it better than Jurassic Park . -LRB- That 's really saying something when it 's 9th graders reading it ! -RRB- The story was one of the most touching plots I 've ever read . Lennie can just break your heart . This book made me and everyone else think more than a freshman class normally would . How John Steinbeck could tell such a splendid and sad story in so few words -LRB- it 's a small book ; quick read -RRB- is beyond my abilities.The end makes you wonder
 Of Mice and Men was a great book . It had funny and happy parts , and it has some sad parts . The funny parts were when Lennie asked George for some Ketchup for his beans.It was also funny when Lennie pulled the dead mouse out of his pocket . One of the happy parts was when Lennie got happy about having rabbits on a farm and getting to taim them . The there were some sad patrs , like when Lennie accidentally through his puppy because it would n't stop barking . And the last sad part was when Lennie ran away and waas walking down the dirt road , and George kild him . I put this book as a 5 star because it was a really good book , and it was interesting .
 Of mice and men is a brilliant book written by an amazing author . John Steinbeck is one of the best authors whose book I have read , which is great because I have read over 900 novels in my life , and I 'm only 12 ! I 'm reading Cup of Gold and The Pearl right now and they 're great . I only have those two to read and then I will have read all of Steinbeck 's books . Anywayz , this book is wonderful ... READ IT PLEASE !!!
 Here is a very well written stroy of a friendship that can only end in disaster.Loliness is a key theme here . Curley 's wife lonely because she is a woman , Crooks because he is black , Candy because he is old . However , the characters have some kind of dream . Curley 's wife wishes she was an actor whilst Whit uses his ranch magazines to help him imagine his little cowboy fantasies.George and Lennie are different . Their friendship means that they do have a chance to make something with their lives . However , when that relationship ends they become as helpless as the others.This is a brilliant book , though pretty much miserable all the way through , which mocks the idea of America being ` the land of opportunities ... '
 The novel , which take place during the Great Depresion , bigind beside the Salinas river near Soledad , California , where two migrant workers , Lennie Small and George Milton , are walking on thier way to a near by ranch . George is his phisical opposite , a small man with defined features . George scolds Lennie for playing with a dead mouse . Lennie get in a lot of touble . George take care of Lennie because he got a small mind.This book is really interesting because its show you that relationship between two bestfriends .
 The book went at a very good pace it did n't seem to fast or too slow , and the book kept me on my feet the whole time . The story made me want to keep reading . The characters in the story made the story fun , and gave it some humor , and they also gave the story a lot of adventure
 Continuing on from my last review ... Personally , I 'm glad that my English teacher -LRB- thanks Ms. Farvour -RRB- made us read Of Mice And Men because it taught me , and probably my fellow students , about what life was like sixty , seventy years ago , and what people had to go through just to get and maintain and job , if they could even get one . I think that Steinback does a nice job of writing about how life was n't only hard for white Americans , but also how life was difficult for African Americans . Racism ... you 've probably heard the word before , but , unless you 've even experienced it , you do n't really know what it is ... well ... John writes about it in this book , and I 'm glad he did . Steinbeck describes -LRB- not always in a nice manner ... if you know what I mean ... language -RRB- what kind of abuse , both verbally and physically , Crooks -LRB- the African American `` stable buck '' -RRB- is put through , and , although it was kind of hard to read sometimes , he wrote about the truth . Racism has been , and still is a major problem in America , and it is still a humungous -LRB- do n't mind my spelling of that word -RRB- Social Issue.Well ... all in all , as if I have n't said this enough , I think that author John Steinbeck wrote a good good book , and I encourage you to , at one point or another in your life , pick up this book and read it . It may not involve alot of action , or adventure , or mystery , but , it does involve reality , and it well teach you alot about history.Sincerley Always , Elizabeth H.
 Of mice and men is written by the nobel prize winner John Steinbeck . It 's basicliy about two guys George and Lennie.We neet them in California together on their way to a new job at a ranch . George is the small one and the quick whitted of them , he has promised Lennies aunt to look after him . Lennie is the a big guy , strong as a bull but he is mentally retartded , he 's like a kid 's head in an adult body . Together they have a dream to own a place where they can live fatta the lan as said in the book and they will have rabbits . Lennie likes animals , espesially small one like rabbits . But he has a strengt he can not handle , so he ends of killing them.George and Lennie gets a job at the ranch where they meet Slim , Curley , his wife and some ohters . Slim is the `` group leader '' he lokks after everone , Curley is the bosses son , his wife likes boys a lot , Thats what kills George and Lennies dream in the end .
 I am 17 , and all I have to say isRead this book!For Best results read the book and watch the movie .
 Fantastic classic . Everyone should read this book at least one time .
 Of Mice and Men is a great book that I enjoyed very much . Basically , it is about two friends named George and Lennie who try to live and work in a normal life . George is short , but very intelligent while Lennie is the opposite ; he is tall and strong . However Lennie also had a mental disability that severely impacted his and George 's goal . Due to the disability , George has to take extra care of Lennie and show him what 's right and wrong . The only thing he could n't stop was Lennie 's love of petting soft things , like animals . This was a bad thing because Lennie always accidentally kills anything he pets . This aspect of the disability and the disability in general lead to many difficulties in George 's life and many conflicts with the locals . Of Mice and Men is a book filled with suspense and action that will keep the reader flipping through the pages.Despite the magnificence of this novel , it has been banned to due certain reasons that were very controversial . The constant swearing , violence , and the setting of bad moral to others lead to the banning of this novel . The swearing starts as early as page 3 . `` He -LSB- George -RSB- said angrily , '' ... ` Jes ' a little stretch down the highway ... God damn near four miles ... Did n't wanta stop at the ranch gate , that 's what . Too God damn lazy to pull up . '' '' On this page , notice how the word `` God damn '' was used repeatedly . This word is especially offensive to people who love and respect God , such as devote Christians . The violence that occurs in Of Mice and Men also got it banned . The killing of many innocent animals due to Lennie 's love of petting soft things is a good example . Using the theme of weakness of the human mind , Steinbeck sets a morally bad example for other people . Steinbeck sends a message to the reader saying anything -LRB- and I mean ANYTHING -RRB- in the world that gets in the way of living a nice , normal life should be eliminated.Speaking of worlds , Of Mice and Men is both positive and negative to the literary world . It 's negative because it sends the reader the bad message that was previously stated above . On the other hand , the novel is positive to the literary world because it clearly depicts how hard life is when living with a mentally retarded person that must be monitored constantly . The reader can actually feel the frustration and anger inside of him/her as he/she reads about Lennie doing something stupid again . I know I did when I read about Lennie continuing to pet a rat that he has already killed . A lot of respect and recognition should go to the people who have to deal with people such as Lennie . Also , the novel is positive to the literary world because it 's a dang good book . Do n't be fooled by the minute size of the book , it 's definitely well worth the time to read . : -RRB-
 Of Mice and Men --------------- By : John SteinbeckReviewed by : S. AkkarPeriod
 A few miles osuth of soledad , the salinas River drops in close to the hillside bank and runs dep and green . There were two guys names George and Lennie who were walking on the path . They both were dressed in denim trousers and denim coats with brass buttons . Both were black , shapless hats . Lennie was a strong man and has a young child 's mind , while George is small , and has a boney nose . They were going to soledad to work and live on the ranch . When they get enough money they will live-off-the-fatta the lan ' . I like this book a lot , because it has a lot of adventures , and a lot of excitement in the book . I will recommend this book to the world , becuase I think they will like it a lot , and they will share it with everybody they know about it uniqueness of writing and emotion John Steinbeck put into this . I give the book 5 stars because this book is so good that I do n't want to let it go .
 Similar to Steinbeck 's magnum opus , The Grapes of Wrath , Of Mice and Men takes place in the Salinas River Valley . The two pitiful symbiotic characters , George and Lenny , provide for a fun , easy-to-read , yet meaningful storyline . The two migratory ranch hands exchange entertaining back and forth dialogue that only Steinbeck could produce , himself having toiled many long days and hours on California farms and ranches . Through all of their adversity , Lenny and George tragically cling to that which we all do at some point , the American Dream - theirs being `` to live off the fatta the lan ' an ' have rabbits . '' Although not on the same Pulitzer Prize level -LRB- but what is ? -RRB- of The Grapes of Wrath , Of Mice and Men manifests itself as the classic paradoxical tale of hope and despair not to be overlooked .
 At first when I started reading the first two pages . . I thought the rest of the book would be a horrid bore . Boy , was I wrong . . the characterization in this book is incredible ... you can set a vivid image in your mind of the Salinas Valley.The story touched me so . . and even made me cry . . the reference of what happened to Lennie.a brawny character with an `` imagination of a 10-year-old '' and his misdoings lead to his terrible demise.I referred to the scene back when Carlson shot Candy 's `` ancient '' dog . . George led the doings . . beacuse Lennie was just hurting himself every step he took . . and he rather have himself do the deed rather than a `` stranger '' as in Curly . It was only for the best and likely.I chose this book and `` East of Eden '' for my book report . . I am 12 years of age . . and in 7th grade . I would recommend this book to anyone , I 'm just mad at myself for not reading this fantasic classic earlier .
 Story reduction at its very best . If it 's tough to write a phenomenal novel , this novel ` reduction , ' all the components reduced to their most basic and delicious levels , is surely a reading piece de resistance . The prose is effortlessly brilliant , the characters and their relationships works of art , particularly Lenny and George , the main characters . The descriptions of settings and the way they 're used to set mood are mental beacons of clarity and brightness . The use of foreshadowing , SOMETHING bad is going to happen , causes a most compelling tension in the reader . In particular , the relationship of George and Lenny , which follows the unstated male rules about explaining or defining relationships between men , needs not an iota more from Steinbeck to be manifestly candid . Beauty , grace , pleasure , and awe in just over a hundred pages ; I am grateful , indeed , to the young man who recommended it to me .
 This novel surpassed all my expectations . It was assigned as summer reading and I 'm so happy that it was . This is not a story with direct characterization that tells you everthing right away but a story of characters without names and forshadowing . This book can lead to a discussion for hours . It will make you reconsider your values and judgements .
 If you love Steinbeck , this is the must read of his collection . I love playing the video after the book , so my students can review both . Of course , the book is always the favorite , hands down !
 In the story , `` Of Mice and Men '' by John Steinbeck , a lot of interesting things happened . Both of the main characters , George and Lennie got kicked out of Weed . Lennie is a retarded guy who was always making things worse for them whereever they went . They go to a new ranch for a job but they find that there are still complications . The Boss 's son , Curley , wants to fight Lennie , and his wife is a tramp . Lennie ends up killing Curly 's wife and George ends up killing Lennie . I enjoyed the story because there were a lot of twists and the story went by very fast . I recommend this book for children in middle school and high school because it has content that might not be suitable for children who are below .
 Of Mice and Men was a really good novel . The author did a great job . I think the author 's purpose for writing this book was to point out that even though you love someone so much , when they do something wrong it is still wrong . You just have to make the decision . I agree with this message because it can pertain to anyone . From friends , to family and relationships , this message is understandable and in people 's lives more than you know it . I think the literary elements the author handles best are the characterization , and the conflict of man vs. man . The characters in the novel are so real and dramatic . The authorhas a great point-of-view , which is in 3rd person . By using a narrator , you can see everyone 's thoughts , feelings , and perspectives on the situation throughout the novel . The genre chosen for this novel , to me , was drama . it is a very good genre because you want to know what is going to happen next . this book was like i said , really good , but it was n't perfect . There were too many curse words and so much criticism that it was just kind of mean . Lenny and George are the main characters but I think the author should 've explained the relationship between them better . He should have also pointed out George 's point-of-view on the `` sticky '' situation a little more . Overall , this novel is great and everyone should get the chance to read it . For those reasons I give it 4 stars . Hey , it 's a book to read and not forget , but too much reality for perfection .
 Of Mice and Men were one of the most inspiring and touching books I have ever read . The meaning of this book was lonliness . I can definitely relate to the theme of this book because of my everyday life.The character of Lenny Smalls was my favorite . He was innocent in the sense that he was mentally challenged . This made the book even more interesting because not a lot of books are based on such unique people . What also attracted me to Lenny was the fact that he was a very big but hard working man . The authour compares him to a bear . And this is interesting to me because not all sick people are as healthy as Lenny was described . However , according to John Steinback Lenny was dangerous to mankind . He was dangerous because of his powerful strength that kills a woman as told in the book.I give this book five stars because these are actual situations that happen in real life . This book made a big difference in my life.I was able to feel the pain of being lonely from the characters of this book . It helped me to see the different reactions of the way the different people handle this lonliness .
 The best-laid schemes o'mice and men often go awry , and leave us nought but grief and pain , for promised joy ! '' John Steinbeck Author Of Mice and Men used this quote as an Allusion to his book where it foreshadows events that have yet to occur.According to the quote what it mean is you set yourself up to let yourself down . In the book Of Mice and Men two characters George and Lennie have a plan to own an acre of land and a shack they can call their own . Therefore both characters get a land job where their dreams just scrambles in a matter of weeks . Lennie actions led their dreams to be destroyed it was when they arrived to their new job and at the time one of the workers dog just had given birth to puppies . In which Lennie asked George permission to have one of the puppies and George said yes . Within a few weeks the dog died and was witness by the boss son 's wife in which she was killed at the site . Seconds after the incident Lennie headed back to where George told him to go just in case he got into any trouble , which he did , at the end . As a result George headed to the site and killed Lennie before the men got a hold of him . In all both men are in screach of identity and in my point of view each character of this book are lonely in which they have trouble finding themselves .
 Most of the people I have met , usually read this in highschool . I read it my freshman year of highschool and although in the beginning it is a bit boring it gets better . My class followed the book up with the movie and Gary Sinise is amazing in this movie . Once you know the book and watched the movie you begin to really get involved in the book . I would recommend it to anyone who wants to read a book about the all american dream . George is a touching character and I do n't know anyone like him .
 Of Mice and Men is a book that portrays the hidden life of two men named Lennie Small and Geogre Milton . Lennie is a physically large male with a mind of a child -LRB- mentally challenged -RRB- . But George is a tall slim male who is in charge of Lennie 's well being . When Lennie ruined their opportunity for jobs at Weed , the both of them had to flee far away to a near by town to find new jobs . This book shows the struggles that one man has keeping another out of trouble , and how in the end he still gets in to trouble . Yet they have formed a `` family '' clinging together in the face of loneliness and alienation . For the both have a plan to one day have a farm to call their own and to live `` of the fatta of the lan '' . George has trouble keeping Lennie out of the web of a flirtatious woman , nor predict the consequences of Lennie unanswering obedience to the things George taught him.I think that you will enjoy this book , once you start you 'll finish .
 I would write a really long and detailed review of this amazing book but what for ? I mean , If you really want to know what its about , look it up on Wikipedia ... or better yet , buy it and read it yourself . Although this book is short , its simply amazing and deals with so many issues . Enough said .
 Bought this copy for my son for school . He loves it just as much as I always have . It is a well known classic and a great read .
 It was a short and interesting story , not complicated and easy to read . You would like it too . I recommendIt .
 It 's just what my son needed for school ! They are reading it now . Funny thing , I also found this book in Walmart , and it was the same price as what I spent through Amazon .
 I purchased this novel for my son for his english class . I could not see renting the books when I could purchase them and keep them for future use .
 this is an amazing book ! had me hooked from page 2 for an older book i really enjoyed it and wouldnt mind reading it again
 What more do you want ? its a simple paper back book , looks good , decent enough cover , what else ? its a book
 After reading this book in high school , I feel in love with this book . It 's a great read and worth the money . It 's not too long but it 's sure to grab your attention and get your mind going . If you want a good book , try this . I bought the kindle version and after immediate download , I was ready to go .
 Everyone should be required to read this book ! The story line never goes out of style . Glad we purchased our own copy .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' features two migrant farm workers during the Great Depression in California.The book is about dreams . George and Lennie just want a piece of land to call their own , and they believe in this dream strongly enough that other characters start to buy in too . A place for soft things ; a place for independence ; a place for respect ; a place to live in peace . This is tied in very strongly to socioeconomic status , age , and race , and the issues that it brings up about the American dream are as relevant today as they were then.The language was interesting . It is apparent that the novel was written many decades ago , and there are a bunch of turns of phrase that I had never heard before -LRB- but could guess at , for the most part -RRB- . I liked the structure . One character was disagreeable and one character was mean , but there was n't really an antagonist . It really was a good description of the best laid plans of mice and men going awry . I like this style because a lot of the injustices that happen today are n't the result of one villain 's wrongdoing , but rather a system that makes people poor and hungry and where people do n't understand one another . For a short book , Steinbeck does a very good job of creating empathy with the different characters such that the reader can understand their wrongdoing and still appreciate them as a person.Something that I learned
 Steinbeck `` Of Mice and Men '' demonstrates the power of a true friendship , the value of sticking with what we believe , and taking responsibility into our own hands no matter how much that could hurt.A very interesting style of writing and the choice of the written dialect make it even more fun to read and not let go . A story that contains so many emotions in each chapter , the transition from one situation to another is delivered so smoothly that you will have a hard time putting the book down before reaching the last page.There is a lot to learn from Steinbeck style , story and his idea of a true friendship .
 John Steinbeck 's book is a definite future classic . The short novel features two runaways who find a job on a northern California farm bucking barley . The simple plot entrances the reader who is trying to figure out how it will finish.Steinbeck creates two grown men who contrast almost entirely . First there 's George , a short , squat , shart middle-aged man who has a sort of leader type personality . Enter Lennie , a giant of a man who has some sort of mental disease that renders him a `` dumb dumb . '' The two seem to create a famous mobster par , with George as the headman and Lennie as his big sidekick/bodyguard . The two men were forced to leave their previous jobs and residence because of a mistake on Lennie 's part . The two soon find a job on a farm along with a supporting cast of interesting characters whose personalities are exquisitly described by Steinbeck . George and Lennie are forced to scrimp and save their money from their bare minimum jobs in hopes of someday fulfilling their dream of buying a farm of their own.Capitalizing on Lennie 's mind , Steinbeck reates an out-of-the-blue plot twist at the end that reflects Steinbeck 's book writing brilliance . This book never slows down , earning a grade of
 Of Mice and Men captures a part of American History , though not long in our past , still mostly forgotten . The Depression forced millions of people to loose their jobs , their homes , and in many instances their identities . The Dust Bowl , which spurred this Great Depression , also forced many people to emmigrate to other parts of the country , and search for employment.For our main character , George and Lenny , they too have been deeply affected by the dust bowl , and along with countless others , are searching for employment , as well as the right piece of land where they might finally settle and live . The only problem is , that they can never stay in one place long enough to find that piece of land . Lenny , who is mentally retarded , keeps getting into trouble , and George always has to bail him out ; the result of which leads them both to make a run for it until they come upon a new place of employment.Their final destination , and the most promising for George and Lenny turns out to be their worst . Up until they enter upon this ranch , Lenny has had a fixation and obsession with stroking `` pretty '' animals , many of which have been mice . Inadvertantly he has killed them all ; breaking their necks as they struggled to free themselves from Lenny 's grip . Lenny 's innocence does not allow him to understand why the animals have tried to flee . In his anger and confussion he squeezes them harder so they can not escape.Killing animals is one thing . But when Lenny inadvertantly kills Curly 's wife , George finally realizes that Lenny can not be controlled . Knowing what Curly and the other men will do to Lenny , George resolves to beat them to it , in a more humane manner . `` Of Mice and Men '' is more than just a story of friendship . It is a psychological drama which plays out in our minds as we read deeper into the story . And to see it played out , I recommend the early movie version with Burgess Merideth as George , and Lon Chaney Jr. as Lenny .
 Mysteries and horrors and love stories OH MY . More often then not readers are over whelmed by the stories they read . But not this one , Of Mice and Men is an easy reading book that one is going to have a very difficult time putting down . I found myself reading five and six chapters in one sitting . This book has a story that will touch everyone who reads it . Of Mice and Men is a story about two migrant workers , friends , who are moving from farm to farm in search of work . The adventures and dedication of these two men as they search of a better life , is the main focus of this book . Of Mice and Men is filled with ups and downs , twists and turns that will keep one wondering how it is going to end . This book is like no other . I think everyone should be required to read this book . I am certain that it will have a life changing affect . It did me . Of Mice and Men will make you appreciate your friends , what they do and mean to you .
 John Steinbeck had always been associated with great American Classics . Of Mice and Men is one of these classics it is set in 1930 's California on a small ranch . George who with his best friend Lenny lives the lives of itinerant workers . Lenny is the loveable retarded giant who because he is so strong and he ca n't control his strength when he gets scared he gets into trouble and it 's up to George to get him out of it . It is an excellent story dealing with the issues of loyalty friendship abandonment and despair . The book has an excellent array of characters each with their own story to tell form Slim the man with the most respect on the ranch to Curley the sneaky angry little man who ` s married to a real piece of Jailbait . A truly magnificent story with excellent dialog character description and settings .
 Mr. Steinbeck has created a masterpiece . Short but sweet and moving , `` Of Mice and Men '' touches our hearts with its interesting characters and the lovable relationship between Lennie and George , which is the very core of the book , highlighted by the loneliness present in every one of the characters . But this friendship is an example which shows that in some relationships you have to do things for the better , even though you know that it is not the best thing ; George , who realizes that Lennie can not be part of a society , brings the book to a very powerful close through his surprising and unexpected action.I recommend this touching , insightful and thought-provoking novel to be read when there is spare time , since once started , it won & iexcl ; t be easy to put down .
 Of Mice and Men is a book about two men who have a dream to buy a small home . They think they are different from other men . The two men in this book are George and Lennie . George is small , tough , and handles everything that goes on between him and Lennie . Lennie is big , strong , and not very smart . Most of the time George has to tell Lennie what to do . After Lennie gets in trouble at Weed , he and George have to hide before they can go to there next job . I really liked this book a lot . I thought the whole book was interesting . I would have never expected the book to end like it did .
 This is old school writing , writing from before the days of the bloated bestsellers . When writers wrote books instead of Hollywood enticements for screenplays.Lenny carries forth on the strength of a dream , a dream whose destruction is wrought by his own physical strength . George is something of a Depression era Jesus ; giving hope and life to Lenny and later , destroying that life ; performing an act of sacrifice and love by taking Lenny 's suffering upon himself and setting Lenny free.Steinbeck tells a story without employing a `` cast of thousands , '' without relying upon exotic locations and eccentric characters for denouement , without gratuitous violence , prolific profanity and sizzling sex scenes . Steinbeck gives you character . Character driven by Hunger and Hope -LRB- George and Lenny -RRB- , character personifying meanness -LRB- Curly -RRB- and Loneliness -LRB- Curly 's wife -RRB- . Steinbeck wrote a simple story that is character driven and plot maintained and scarcely over one hundred pages long . A knockout .
 This book was the best book I have ever read and I hope to read more of his work in the future . I have heard of this book several times and we just finished reading it in my English class . John Steinbeck just described everything in the book from the setting to the hallucinations at the end . We watched the movie that was released in 1992 with John Malkovich and other stars and it was almost exactly like it . It almost seemed like I knew what part of the story it was on . Even though the movie was much different at the end , I really like the book better than the movie . The book gave me a better look at what was going on thanks to the imagination of John Steinbeck .
 Great book , unbeateable price , Outstanding service from Amazon . My granddaugther will love this book and it will help her learn the basics and go through school .
 I bought this book for one of my daughter 's school projects . It arrived in a timely manner and was in great condition . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 I read Of Mice and Men , and despite the negative reviews , I though that it was wonderful . I had to read it for school and i think that it is a truly amazing book ! I would recommend it anyone !
 The book was an refreshing read , as well as a great movie ! I had forgotten how good the book was , truly moving !
 I love this Steinbeck classic and have really enjoyed the audio book with Gary Sinise reading . He played the role of George in the 1992 movie .
 I love the way Steinbeck describes the sights -LRB- p 11 -RRB- , `` The flame of the sunset lifted from the mountaintops and dusk came into the valley , and a half darkness came in among the willows and the sycamores '' and sounds -LRB- p 17 -RRB- , `` Up the hill from the river a coyote yammered , and a dog answered from the other side of the stream '' in this perfect story , originally titled Something That Happened , that takes place over a three day period on a ranch in the fields of the Salinas valley near the Gabilan mountains . After listening to the -LRB- excellent performance by Gary Sinise -RRB- of the audiobook , I read the written version , which did n't take long . The novella is only about 100 pages in length , conveniently separated into five untitled sections -LRB- p xvi -RRB- `` so scened and set that it can be played as it stands '' based on an actual incident in the author 's experience . Note on this -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- edition - the introduction , though interesting , includes plot spoilers and thus should be saved for last.Of Mice and Men , set in the mid to late 1930s , is about the relationship between two farm laborers companions , Lennie Small , a hardworking , mentally challenged man , and George Milton , his caregiver of sorts . For a book named after a -LRB- Robert Burns -RRB- poem entitled To A Mouse , the fact that it begins with the main characters discussing one seems apropos . After arriving near their intended destination , a grain farm , the two spend the evening discussing the past , and contemplating the future ; they hope to one day become land owners . Once they arrive at the job site late the next morning , George tries to convince the boss to employ them , after swearing the memory-deficient Lennie to silence . Over the course of the day they meet and learn something about all of the other farm workers and inhabitants . Most of the story takes place on this second -LRB- full -RRB- day including some foreshadowing of what will come later . The climax of the story takes place on the third day . I would n't dare say more as the best way to experience this story is completely unaware of any significant part of the plot . Best of the book
 This is an easy classic to knock off the list in two hours . Like many people I saw the movie first , though a good 15 years prior . I 'll admit John Malkovich popped in my head many times , but I was able to form my own images also . It 's amazing how even a simple and short story can can draw you in so deeply . It was easy to smell the country air , and visualize the ranch . I suspect this book is disliked by some , and removed from a few libraries because the `` N '' word is dropped many times . But hey , that 's a sign of the times . Great book overall . Quite moving at the end .
 Published in 1937 , Of Mice and Men tells the tragic story of George Milton and Lennie Small , two displaced migrant ranch workers during the Great Depression in California . George and Lennie have an unusual bond and travel together , George taking care of Lennie who is mentally disabled . George 's life would be much simpler without Lennie , and yet he sticks with him , even fleeing with him from the last ranch after Lennie was accused of rape . George knows Lennie did n't mean any harm ; he only likes to touch soft things like mice , rabbits and puppies -LRB- and in this case , a girl 's dress -RRB- . Unfortunately his feeble mind and brute strength are often a deadly combination for many of these creatures he loves . The girl was unharmed , but frightened and cried rape . The two men escaped and moved on to another ranch where they found work and dreamed of buying their own farm someday where they could `` live off the fat of the land . '' `` The best laid schemes o ' mice an ' men / Gang aft agley . '' -LRB- The best laid schemes of mice and men / Go oft awry . -RRB- - a line in a poem by Robert Burns which inspired the title.Steinbeck 's writing is simple and descriptive . The characters draw you in to the story . Towards the end I found myself reacting out loud to what was happening and found myself nearly in tears . The ending is incredibly sad and yet the only way it could have ended.I highly recommend this book .
 Awsome Book highly recomended for those intrested in reasing fine literature however those weak of heart it truly is a sad story and shows the cruelty of humanity for those in George 's positon however I truly recomend the book for anyone
 Normally , books or movies do n't make me cry but this American classic novella by John Steinbeck brought tears to my eyes . The relationship between small George and big dumb Lennie was complicated . George looked after Lennie and I could only imagine his horror in making a decision that would affect both their lives in the end of the novel.The writing is Steinbeck 's style . It can be descriptive and detailed about life in California . He uses actual dialect in his writing . This book is used in schools obviously to introduce students to Steinbeck 's writing style and plot.The story of Lennie and George is about friendship and family ties . Sometimes , you do n't need to be with actual relatives . George promised to take care of Lennie , the lovable giant . Anyway , this book is short and not an easy read . I found the book to be entertaining and enlightening but also tragic , sad , and realistic too .
 Although I favor Grapes of Wrath as my favorite Steinbeck novel , Of Mice and Men is easier to read . It has his typical type of storyline , but a little shorter and it 's easier to `` get to know '' these characters . This book is a good addition to anyone 's library .
 In this book , Steinbeck bring us to a true world of how guys search for their home and dream.The story cotains love and a careing man . It tells the love that two men can feel for each other . He wrote a great story about guys in America , which he describe as of mice and men.The two main characters George and Lennie . George had no family and no friends , but he traveled along with a guy called Lennie all the time . Lennie was a dump , stronge man , he follows what George orders.He is just like a big baby , and he made troubles.They went to work in a range , inside the range they meet other workers . George told them his dream is to buy a piece fo land in S'pose and settle down . He promised Lennie that he would stay with him and let him to pet rabbits . The S'pose is the dreamland of every men.It is a quiet and peace place.From the book , the rabbits told us how childish Lennie was , and why he made a bigger trouble . In between the story there is a coloured man named Crook , the story has shown how he was comletely isolated and brutal.He try to discourage Lennie by telling him George will not come back for him.There is another man Curley who dislikes Lennie , the son of the boss of the range.He was little , so he dislikes Lennie as Lennie is big and stronge.Lennie make another big trouble , he killed Curley 's wife . Lennie did not mean to , he did not want George to be mad at him , so he tried to ask that girl not to yell.As he is too stronge , he killed the woman . Lennie went to the brush , as he was told by George that whenever he made a trouble , he should hide in the brush near the river and wait for him.Lennie do stuggle of weather he should hide and stay with George . At last he went to the brush , George told him he was not mad at him , and they will go to S'pose . Howerver , George killed Lennie , he was tired to a responsibility of Lennie , so haven is the place for Lennie.I would recommand this book because the writer had a great work in writing Lennie.He clearly let us know how innoncent men were , sometimes they were small as mice . Also , he has good understanding of George . The contradiction George face . The story tell us how every men has a dream . They want a little bit of land , not much , just something that was his own . Also , the peoblems that they may come with in attending their dream . I think Lennie did noting wrong , he was loyality to George.For George i think he has no choice , he has to kill him . I can feel how sad George was when he killed Lennie . The story was touching when Lennie saw George in the brush , and George told him he will take care of him forever.It can show Lennie was right to wait George . I like the story because it tells me the truth side of human Nature ! There is racism , innocent , contradiction and love . 524 words
 I HATED The Grapes of Wrath , so I thought that Of Mice and Men would just be another boring , overdescriptive Steinbeck book , but it was n't ! The plot was intruiging and the characters really drew me in and it was n't over descriptive to the point of annoyance the The Grapes of Wrath . I thought that I hated John Steinbeck 's writing style , but I guess it 's just the style he used for The Grapes of Wrath because Of Mice and Men is not at all the same . It is 100 times better !!!!
 It stuns me that people do n't like this book -LRB- from what I 've read in the reviews -RRB- ! This is a GREAT book . It tells of two men trying to live a dream , and while the rest of the world is travelling alone and trying to make money , these two are holding on to each other and their friendship . It 's a great book - period ! This is Steinbeck 's only good book from what I 've read of his collection .
 The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is about two guys named Lennie and George . Lennie and George are the best of friends and have been for years now . George and Lennie are looking for a job and have found one but they have to walk there because the bus driver dropped them off saying that where they want to go is only a couple of miles down the road . It ends up being ten miles that George and Lennie have to walk and so the end up having to spend the night outside because they need to rest . After walking all of this way the two men are starving but all they have to eat is beans because it is the great depression and not many people can afford much else.George and Lennie are the best of friends because they look out for one another . Well it 's mostly George looking out for Lennie because Lennie is a little slower than most and does n't always understand things the first time around . So George and Lennie go from one place to another looking for work because most people do n't respond very positively to Lennie because of the way that he is . Lennie just likes to touch soft things and that is what makes him happy and feel warm inside . Since Lennie is so big and he does n't know his strength and ends up killing the little animals that he loves to pet so dearly . So that is how George and Lennie ended up on the farm , and there is where everything came to an end.George and Lennie got there to work , and while there Lennie fell in love with some puppies that were barely born . Lennie could n't stand to be away from those puppies when he did n't have to . While spending time with the puppies Curley 's wife went into the barn to talk to Lennie and she found out that he liked to touch soft things and had him touch her hair . Lennie liked it 's softness so much that he did n't want to let go and got scared and accidentally killed Curley 's wife . This was a very bad thing and he knew it so he went to hide in the brush like George told him to do if he ever did a bad thing . When they found the body everyone knew that Lennie was the man responsible so they all went looking for him to kill him . George knew that the only way that Lennie would not be really punished for what he did was if George killed him himself . That is exactly what George did and it was the only thing that could have been done to really save Lennie . The book was very serious and stayed that way throughout the novel.This book talked about very serious subjects and did n't change throughout the book . George and Lennie just want their own farm and the ability to do whatever they please from the beginning and that does n't change throughout the book . In the beginning of the book George expresses that he is tired of having to always worry about Lennie and that George would be much better off by himself . Throughout the novel George does n't change and while he does take Lennie with him everywhere he goes he still feels the same , and he knows that even though at the end when he has to kill Lennie it is the best for everyone because if he would n't have done it Lennie never would have been able to live a truly happy life with no worries.During the end of the book when George knew that he had to kill Lennie and just let Lennie keep talking about his dreams of the rabbit farm and George killed him was the most moving seen for me because there is nothing worse than killing someone you love not because you want to but because you have to . I think that the author was trying to give everyone who read this book a feel for what it is that people who are like Lennie have to go through . The author I think was trying to make everyone realize that they are people too and they really do n't know some of the things that they should and it is n't their fault . I learned that you should always give people chances no matter who they are or what battles they may be facing in their lives at that time . This novel did n't really remind me of anything it just showed me that everyone deserves a chance and the ability to express themselves in any way they chose and no one should judge them for that.I felt that this book was very well written and overall just a great book . It shows you how judgmental and naive some people can be and why you should n't be like that . This gives you a perspective of how people like Lennie feel and what obstacles they have to go through because people wo n't give them the chance to get to know them . I learned that know matter who you are you are no better than the people you think are , they in fact are better than you because they unlike you are willing to give you the chance that everyone deserves .
 Of Men and Mice is a story about the dreams and friendship between two men during The Great Depression . George , who is `` small and quick , '' faces many problems trying to keep Lennie , who is a large man with the mind of a young child , out of trouble . George and Lennie share a dream to own land and raise animals . To keep this dream , George does what he can to keep Lennie 's strength and obsession with soft things under control . The friendship George and Lennie had was a quality many men could not find at that time with anyone but was something that was needed in their times of loneliness.Reading this book showed how life was during The Great Depression for those who cared for someone who was mentally challenged and had the responsibility for watching over their well being . It took patience and kindness on George 's part to carry on the responsibility of care for Lennie . George had to take Lennie everywhere he went and constantly made decisions on his behalf in the best interest for him . In our days the challenged are taken care of , not only by family members but also by society . One does not have to worry about the responsibility for them as much as George did for Lennie . I can imagine how one 's life was affected in those days when the responsibility was all on one.I enjoyed reading this book because it made me realize the importance of friendship . Many characters in the book went through loneliness and expressed their need to have a companion . My favorite part of the story was anytime Lennie would talk about the rabbits and the reactions of those he told it . Being a big man with the brains of a child made his obsession with the rabbits as well as all soft things humorous as well as sensitive . Though the times in which they lived in were rough and depressing , Lennie brought a bright and funny twist to it that made the reader enjoy his character.People who have friends and companions will like this book best . It will help them appreciate having someone around to share their good and bad times . In reading this book we feel the sorrow and jealousy of those who needed that friendship and that 's something no one wants to experience .
 This book showed me the value of friendship . It inspired me to make better friendships because of how strong Lennie 's and George 's was . What a great american classic !
 Of mice and men is a nice and short book . This book is about two men George Milton and Lennie Small . Throughout the book , George and Lennie have many conflicts with each other and other characters . This book as about survival of the fittest , the weak die off and only the strong and capable survive . The conflicts George and Lennie encounter are all people with unique traits . In a sense this is also a book about a conflict between different people with different traits . I enjoyed this book because it 's a simple book about common men . Almost anyone can relate to the characters in this book , which gives this book worthwhile to read . I recommend this book to anyone looking for book that they can really relate to themselves .
 I like Of Mice And Men by John Steinbeck because the definition of the characters was so realistic . I also liked the fact that it was in the novella form so the possibility that the story might drag did not happen.I would recommend Of Mice And Men not only to afficionados of Steinbeck , but to virtually anyone who enjoys real-life prose .
 In just over 100 pages , John Steinbeck gives readers a story rich in characterization and deep in meaning . Of Mice and Men chronicals the experience of two drifting farm hands struggling to survive during the Great Depression of the 1930 's . Lenny and George dream of owning their own farm , but George , a sweet , simpleminded giant , inadvertantly keeps them from recognizing their dream.Steinbeck gives us a picture of the life of the poor during this difficult era and comments on friendship , racism , labor conditions , and the role of the mentally ill in 1930 's society . The story is written is a simple , accessible style , but close reading reveals the story 's multiple levels of meaning and strong detail . The characters act realistically and seem like they could be people you know . Although issues have changed since the Great Depression , the ideas Steinbeck presents remain relevant and meaningful even today . -LRB- Perhaps that 's why this book is a classic ? Ha . :-RRB- -RRB- Of Mice and Men is a moving account of two men who do what they can to get by . Steinbeck manages to capture the tragedy of the Depression , and the book 's tones reflect this . Though not a book to read when you are already depressed , the novel is perfect for a relaxing winter evening in front of the fireplace and easy to finish in a single sitting . A person could ponder the ideas presented long after finishing the story . I highly recommend this book .
 The novel '' Of Mice And Men '' , written by John Steinbeck , is about two young men , their character traits could not be more different , who work as farmhands in California for earning enough money to realize their common dream of an own farm.George is a small and intelligent guy , instead of Lennie , who is very strong but stupid and mentaly retarded.George feels responsible for Lennie and cares for him , because of a promise he gave Lennie &#180; s aunt . That &#180; s not an easy thing for George , because Lennie in his childish behaviour sometimes gets in rage and then he is unpredictable.But although George could live a better and easier life whithout Lennie , he stands by his side and protects him.But on the farms they get in trouble from time to time , so they never stay very long on one place.In the end Lennie &#180; s uncontrollability even jeopardize their dream.But I don &#180; t want to tell too much , read it yourself ! I liked the novel very much , because it shows that even two very different people can be close to each other , for example connected through a common dream.The end of John Steinbeck &#180; s story was very sad and unexpected and I would like to read a continuation , because I want to know how it will go on and if George will realize his dream ... It was a very interesting book !
 It 's so interesting when you pick up classics and you 're glued to it as much as modern day releases . Guess why they 're considered classics and this definitely is one . I thoroughly enjoyed the story and plot of this novella . Perfect timing and weaving . Great character development and awesome use of description and senses to pull the emotions right off the pages . And his writing style is just superb . I honestly hated coming to the end of this tale .
 Deep down the story carries an important message about dreams and their fulfillment . The story revolves around George and Lennie , two immigrant workers , who believe that someday they will not be working for someone else , but would have their own ranch . The characters of George and Lennie are strikingly different yet they seem to be complementing each other . While , George is depicted to be an energetic man , Lennie is mentally retarted . George is shown to be very protective of Lennie . Steinbeck , very nicely depicts that the protection accorded to Lennie is not act of altruism , but instead , in a way it is a selfish act , an act that makes George feel that he is important and someone is dependent on him.The other characters also carry their story far beyond what is explicitly written about them . Crook 's situation highlight a strange sense of numbness and indifference to emotions and feeling , apparently a consequence of oppression of a black American those days . Candy , the old man represents how a man clings to hope and future in both physical and meta-physical sense of the world . With his dog been shot dead , Candy is shattered only to be rejuvenated by the thought that one day he would be sharing the dream of independence with George and Lennie . Curley 's wife , the nemesis of Lennie and the dreams of George and -LRB- now -RRB- Candy is a woman who carries a strong sense of deprevation . Like George and Lennie , she also had a dream , a dream of becoming an actress , which just passed her by . Her life was an empty hope , which reflects in her acts in the story.Steinbeck 's descriptive style is par excellence . The story is simple , yet the description of the characters and the locations make you feel a part of the story .
 Of Mice And Men Is a well written book , that you can enjoy with the whole family . In the story two friends who seem to be family protect each other through their whole journy . It 's a fairly simple book that almost anyone could understan . this book has instances that will keep you thinking , why ? In all this is a great book that you and your friends will enjoy .
 While I enjoy huge sprawling novels , the stories I like best are lean and short . Not allowing subplots or extraneous characters to bog down the main story . This is one of those stories.Set in the depression , the novel is the story of George and Lennie . Lennie is `` slow '' and depends on George to do the right thing . This dependence leads to the grievous , yet inevitable , ending.I do n't enjoy this work as much as I could say it is one of the most moving stories I 've read . I think this is superior to The Grapes of Wrath . This is a heartbreaking work of staggering genius .
 I liked it , but it was kind of sad in a good way though because no matter what George knew that Lennie was going to die so he killed him in a less painfull way.Steinbeck created really good characters because they were so believable that it could of most likely happend in real life , but for younger kids they probably wo n't get it because it 's not in their level of reading , but it is good for young adults because they know it could happen in real life.The social issue that this relates to is definetly racism because everyone treats Lennie bad just because he is different .
 I liked the book , but it was kind of sad in a good way though because no matter what George knew that Lennie was going to die so he killed him in a less painfull way.Steinbeck created really good characthers because they were so believable that it could of most likely been a non-fiction story . It 's a good novel for young adults because it talks about stuff that could happen in real life and little kids might not understand the story or the words in the story . The social issue that it relates to is probably racism .
 This book is one of the best classics I have ever read . It is easy reading and good for all ages .
 Of mice and men was a great book that was extremely unique.plus ... i 'm ga
 I think the book `` Of Mice and Men '' was a really good book . It is one of my favorites . I like it because it emphasizes the great friendship of these two guys that are trying to make a livng after the depression when money was n't worth much . I thought it was interesting how John Steinbeck chose to have the setting of this story in Salinas and that 's where he was born . I think George is a strong character and his good qualities are useful in my years to come .
 I thought that this book was a very well-written book . It had a very tragicbook because of the self-isolation and lack of human ties . It baisically showed the quintessensial portrait of a migrant work hand in the depression . It also shows Steinbeck 's form of writing that is also shown in Grapes Of Wrath . It was overall a great book .
 the book had a great story behind it and it was told well for the most part . The only thing i could say that was negative about it was some parts were slow . It was mostly a book for the twelve and older range , but for the most part , it was entertaining .
 This book was very interesting . The way Steinbeck portrays Lennie and George just sets the mood . Giving Lennie his tremendous size and childish brain and having George as a tiny man with big ideas makes every situation they get into a bigger challenge . Their slured speech and stupidness is a key to this thilling novella . I feel this book is however for an older audience because of the foul language and the way George treats Lennie who has a mental problem .
 I first read this book when I was 11 or 12 years old , having chanced upon it in my parents ' collection . I recall sitting in the basement and reading it straight through in one afternoon , at times reading through tears . The novella affected me greatly . Afterward , I remember , I felt strange and shaken and unable to fully define the powerful experience . A wonderful book .
 I would definitely recommend this book to anyone , espeacialy people who love books with traveling and books with a little violence involved in it . It can be a little confusing at first but when you start getting into it , it is a fantastic book !
 I would definitely recommend this book to anyone , espeacialy people who love books with traveling and books with a little violence involved in it . It can be a little confusing at first but when you start getting into it , it is a fantastic book !
 I thought Of Mice and Men was a very , very good book . Sometimes I even had to stop myself from reading it . I really got into it . I did n't like the language very much though . It uses curse words a little bit too much . I still think it 's a very good book . At first it seemed a little bit weird at first , but after I really started reading it I liked it . I thought the ending was sad though . I would tell anyone looking for a good book to read to read this one . I really liked Of Mice and Men .
 Of Mice & MenThis is a story about two guys , Lennie and George . They are very close friends , and trust each other well . The story begins at a river near a small pond . Lennie likes to pet things that are really soft , because his aunt use to give him mice to pet when he was little . They get a job on a farm to raise money to get their own piece of land . But a few days after they get the job all heck breaks lose and Lennie runs away . George finds him and the rest you have to read yourself .
 The story , Of Mice & Men was a laid back but humorous . I thought it was a great book . The characters all were individual . They all had their own distinct personalities . Lennie was my favorite character . He was a big guy that was n't to bright . Actually I felt bad for him . I also felt bad for the mice he killed . Well the story is mostly about two guys working on a ranch , but dream of having a place of their own . Lennie who was strong but had a mind of his own , wanted rabbits . He could n't get off the subject bout those rabbits . I really liked the book but the one thing I did n't like was how it ended . I was hoping that they would get Lennie 's dream about having a place of their own and livin off the fat of the lan .
 this was the best book by far ive ever read . i cried and cried at the end but i didnt care . it was a magnificent novella !
 I just finished reading `` Of Mice & Men '' for a paper for my 20thCentury Literature class and I thought it was so awesome . Steinbeckdoes a good job of writing this book as he describes people as if they were living their lives at the same level of existence as animals . But , unline the animals , these characters do have their dignity and face life without flinching . They have ideals that separate them from animals and they dream of their promised land , but it 's too far away . Indeed , the theme in this book is companionship . The friendship between George & Lennie is close in that George takes it up for his feeble-minded friend and protects him above all , even his own interests . There is a deep sacred bond between these two as if they were brothers . There was great humor in the book as well as its equal share of sadness . I rate this book with 5 stars for it was adventurous , humorous , sad , and then the moral outcome in the end . I RECOMMEND FOR ANYONE WHO 'S LOOKING FOR A GREAT BOOK !
 This is one of the best books i 've read for school . The novella is classic and the ending is terribly sad .
 This story is about the difficult kind of life that two itinerants workers have to deal with . George Milton and Lennie Small are the main characters in the story . They are both new in the ranch , the place where they work . There , the men that work with them can not understand their relationship since one of them said `` I have never seen two guys traveling together.I never seen one guy take so much trouble for another guy '' . They also have to face lots of troubles , includins the murder of the bosse 's daugther in law . Because of this , george has to kill Lennie , if not , he would be violently murdered by the girl 's husband . We think that the book deals , mostly , with loneliness . `` Guys like us are the loneliest guys in the world '' This quotation expresses the message that the author is trying to give us . Because of all these , we believe that the book was great .
 This is a book that it really make me feel about several emotions To begin with I firstly thought about dreams I have . Usually , my dreams are connected to my future . So this book make me the next day you are going to be death or alive , so I learnt with this book , that you have to live your life as much as you can . It also make me feel about how alone we are in this word , although we have people who love us . We live in a society that do n't take in to account the importance of having friends , and a family . We are only thinking about what we really care not in the others . Moreover , there 's a lot of violence , like that there is now a day.Because of all this reasons , I can say this book will remain as a classical book because it 's main themes are related to what we live .
 I first picked up `` Of Mice and Men '' because I loved how slender it looked among the scores of 500 pages novels in the library . I finished it in two days , which is rare for me . The story was touching , anyone would say that . The characters were all colorful -- one was intense , one was wise , another childish and slow . The relationship between George and Lennie was very complex and interesting . The ending was difficult to understand at first and very sad -- I have to say that I cried because I knew what was about too happen and did n't want to face the reality . But this book was about reality . It showed hard it was to live in the 20 's , on a ranch . It showed how tough it was to face life alone , surrounding by people who have spent years covering up thier scars and building up defenses . The dirty language , which I did n't like , was also reality of the situtation , I guess . And in the end , the reality was hard to take . It was a type of love really . If you read what George said in the last couple pages , it becomes clear . He was saying ' I love you Lennie , and I ca n't bear to have you suffer and know that you 'll never get those rabbits . I love you so much that I 'll do somthing to you that hurts me more than you 'll ever know . ' In the end , I think George ` died ' that day too . His life would never be the same , and sadly , the book ended hopelessly .
 This is a masterpiece of short fiction . The author has created a classic story of rural American life and peopled it with some of the most intricate , multi-layered characters in modern fiction.In short , this piece is pure perfection . You will be mesmerized by Steinbeck 's simple , straight-forward prose and the emotional tension of George and Lenny 's friendship . I first read this novel at the age of nine and it changed my life forever . It was the catalyst for my love of literature and inspired me to become a writer myself . Everyone should read this book !
 Clinging to each other in their loneliness and alienation , George and his simple-minded friend Lennie dream , as drifters will , of a place to call their own . But after they come to work on a ranch in the Salinas Valley their hopes , like `` the best laid schemes o ' mice an ' men , '' begin to go awry .
 john steinbeck is one of the world 's most famous authors . this book is great for young readers who are just getting started and for those readers who want to spend the afternoon reading a classic .
 `` Of Mice and Men '' is a great book . I never would have touched it , but it was required reading for school . Not only is it short and brief -LRB- only 100 something pages -RRB- , but it is very insightful and thought-provoking . It is hard to place it in a genre , since it very sad , but also sometimes funny . So i guess I 'll just say it 's a good book . It does not have the kind of storyline I would actually pick to read , but after reading it I learned how much I really enjoyed it . It 's really good to occupy time on a long plane/car ride since of its size , and also pretty fast-paced , so you can stay interested . Read this book !
 I read this book because I somehow missed it in high school . At first I was unsure of the language , but it turned out to be a brilliant use of the vernacular . The things I keep thinking about are these
 I thought it was good that steinbeck kept it short and interesting insead of streaching it out into 500 pages or something . I saw the movie before i read the book so it made it alot easier to understand and easier to picture everything . The whole Big Child -LRB- Lennie -RRB- and Little Man -LRB- George -RRB- relationship was very interesting . At first glance Lennie seemes to be a very simple man but as you get into it , it becomes quite the contrary . It was one of my favorite books , and i think im hooked on Steinbeck . A Sitka Student Eric K
 This story is set during a difficult time ; the U.S. is in a state of great economic turmoil . The main characters , George and Lennie are ranch workers , traveling throughout California and living wherever they can find work . Although they are long-time friends , the two men are very different
 I read this book as an obligation for school , and as most of the books I read in school I thought it was going to be boring . But it was not , I enjoyed this book very much . I think it is a very original book , with nice ideas and most of all very imaginative and cute characters . The one I most like was Lenny , because besides being mentally retarded , he was a very nice guy . I also like very much the way Steinbeck combined violence with authority and friendship . I did n't know Steinbeck before but I must confess that he is a really good writer , and I would like to read other of his books .
 Hugo lopez avecilla la tiene chiquit
 IT IS A GOOD BOOK THAT TALKS ABOUT THE FRIENDSHIP , LONELINESS AND AUTHORITY .
 We felt that this book has something to teach to everyone . It talks about two men that try to survive together . Of mice and men is a book that you ca n't miss beacuase it treats reality so well .
 If you have n't read Of Mice and Men , please go to your nearest library or order it from Amazon . It is very well written and speaks volumes about friendship and life -LRB- even though it 's so small and easy to read -RRB- . I usually do n't cry over books , but since I was alone I did anyway . A book this good deserves some tears !
 I really enjoyed Of Mice and Men . This book is a good example about how migrant workers were during the depression period in the 1930 's .
 Great book about a friendship between two men . It 's worth reading . The only thing that could have been changed was the development of the characters . Do n't read a lot of the reveiws because some of the readers thought they should tell the entire story including the ending ,
 Is five stars the highest I can go ? I hope that everyone has the chance to read this book about two opposites who set out to make a stake and there persuite of land and rabbits .
 I read this book both in english and in my language version . I 've been moved by the truth behind this tragical story . I hate George . He thought he owns his friend 's life , the friend who would never hurt him nothing for god 's sake . If it turned out that he remained his whole life working in the ranch and spent his fifty bucks a month in whore house , it was because he did it for himself .
 Of Mice And Men is one of my alltime favorite books . It is so thought provocking , and is a book that should be read by every one . So If You have n't read this book , do yourself a favor , and read it !
 Of Mice and Men is a book about two men.George a man who is small and quick , he helps Lennie get things straight . Lennie who is huge who is not mentally correct . They have a dream to own a ranch off the fat of the land . I 've enjoyed this book and hope to read it again .
 In this book I like the way the characters express their feelings . I also like the way Steinbeck describes the characters . You can always visualize them in your head .
 `` Of Mice And Men '' is a terrific book ! Especially at the end when Lennie gets shot . I just love the foreshadowing , for example , when Lennie kills the mouse , then the puppy , it leads you to beleive that he could maybe kill another thing , and then Curley 's wife walks in . I also love the awkward pair , Lennie , the slow , large man , and George , the smarter , smaller guy . Altogether , I enjoyed reading this book and I will probably read it again ! I give it four stars because I just could n't put it down !
 This book talks about loneliness and how people dreamed about having their own land , because it was hard to have a land in that time because of the Great Deppression the United States passed through .
 i liked the book of mice and men.It is a great novel about two men sticking together . I liked how the two men took care of each other . I think everyone should read this book .
 Of Mice and Men is an exciting book because of the events that happened in the story . It has many intresting things you can learn from . I would reccomend this book to high school students that like to read beacuse once they pick it up , they will not want to put it down .
 `` OF MICE AND MEN `` WRITTEN BY JOHN S.IS OVERALL A GREAT BOOK . IT HAD A FEW SAD POINTS LIKE WHEN THE PUPPY DIED AND WHEN LENNIE DIED . IT MADE YOU FEEL A WHOLE LOT BETTER AT THE FUNNY PARTS LIKE WHEN CURLEY 'S WIFE WAS TRYING TO TALK TO LENNIE AND HE WAS OFF IN HIS OWN WORLD .
 I enjoyed reading the book of Mice and Men because of the characters , plot , and setting . The characters John S. used really made the story lifelike because you could hear what they said and know what they were going through . The plot is what kept me reading because of so much irony put into it . I also enjoyed reading tis book because of its setting . I injoy reading about the 1920 's and 1930 's .
 Simply a masterpiece of short fiction . The personalities of the characters are well depicted and blended together . A truly touching story with a twist to the ending . Just read it . You 'll be glad you did .
 John Steinbeck 's novel `` Of Mice and Men '' is one of the best books I have read in a long while . The setting of this story is in the south were racism and prejudices are just a way of life . The story is about two men who are trying to reach their American dream of having their own house on there own land . George is the smart one who act as an older sibling to Lennie , a man who is big and strong but has a heart of a four year old girl because he 's mentally handicapped . Throughout the novel George is constantly telling Lennie that he would be better of without him . They eventually get to Tyler Ranch their new place of work . While settling in there they make plans to buy the land and house with Candy , an old crippled man . At the farm Lennie is treated with respect from everybody at the ranch except for the bosses son Curley . While on the ranch Curley is always trying to stir things up with the workers , especially Lennie . While the men are having a horseshoe tournament Lennie is inside the barn with the pup he want to get . Throughout the book Lennie is constantly killing small animals on accident . He eventually kills the pup , meanwhile Curleys wife who is a constant nuisance enters the barn and starts flirting with Lennie , while petting her hair Lennie gets frightened and incidentally snaps her neck and runs from the ranch as quick as possible . You must read the book to figure out what happens next . This is a heart-warming novel that once you start reading you wont put it down . I recommend you read this book as soon as possible .
 I had to read this book for my American Literature class and I just thought that it was going to be another boring book . I was surprised to find out how wrong I was . Lenny is this guy who is not smart but is strong . George is the `` brain '' in this duo . These two are the people who are least likely to become friends . They are the typical Freudian friends . I do n't want to give any of the good parts away , but this is one of the greatest books I have ever read .
 I personally think that this book was a very good book . Unlike the Grapes of Wrath John really opened up my eyes with this book . It opened me to realize that we all ca n't help what mistakes we make . We can only be responsible for the actions we take . When i read this book i realized that the world is full of racial prejudice . Not only the African American race or the White Race but as well as the Impaired or handicapped.That is why i think this was good book . The best one I have read . The only one i have read this year ...
 Of Mice and Men is a real interesting and triumphant book . The first few pages were really boring and I was on the verge of quiting the book , but after a chapter it started to get really interesting and exciting . This book really paints a picture in your head of loniness . I feel sorry for the fact that everybody ca n't experience the drama and effort that John Steinbeck had put in this wonderful/compelling book . This is one great book that everybody should experience !!
 This book was heart-warming and sad . It is about a man named Lennie who was mentally disabled and always misjudged because of his looks . Ever since he lost his Aunt Clair , who took care of him for most of his life , George , who once told Lennie to jump off a bridge into a river and almost made Lennie drown , took sympathy in Lennie and looked after him to his dying day . Lennie always tried to make George happy and always tried to not disappoint him , but he always messed up and diappointed George . In the story George helps Lennie in his jobs and life . But Lennie never seems to help George to get ahead .
 The imagery , character development and simplicity of this story create a powerful mental picture of lonliness and the need for everyone to belong . Seeing the movie and watching the play makes one feel responsible for the well being of all who travel the higheways and byways looking for `` family '' . Great book !!!
 the book is a very nice story about true friendship . the end is very sadly but it was predictably . steinbeck uses a very simple language , and so it 's very easy to read also for foreigners .
 Of Mice and Men is an excellent book showing a true friendship between two men . George is the brains and Lenny the strength , they were an awsome duo . I believe that this book deserves 4 stars , i read it in high school and have read it once more the now that i am older and when u read it a second time you are able to relate to the story . This book teaches important lessons in life ; it teaches the reader that there are many decisions in life you have to make and some may be harder then others . The choices you make that might effect your life , like the relationship between Lenny and George , two opposite men but have chosen to travel and live together . Life with a friend that is different from you can become intresting and probably effect your choices . You look at the choices you make in a hole new view , seeing the reality of life through choices . The outcome of this story ends on a choice that George makes that will probably effect his life forever .
 I read the novel Of Mice and Men , which was recommended to me by my cousin . He told me the book was n't that long and the story was really nice . So I went to the library and checked it out . When I first started to read the book it seemed kind of boring because the two main characters where just talking back and forth , but after the first two chapters I could n't put the book down . It was a wonderful book and I had a great time reading it . While I was reading this book it made me think about me and my friends and what friendship really is.Of Mice and Men is a story about a relationship between two friends who travel around California , working on farms . Lennie is a big , giant , strong man with the mind of a small child traveling with George , a short , smart guy who not only looks after himself but also has to look after his job and take care of his mentally retarded friend , Lennie . George is like Lennie 's older brother who watches out for him all the time . Lennie does unintelligent things like carry around dead mouse in this pocket and George always yells at Lennie and gets mad at him yet , George ca n't go on with his life without Lennie . They travel together working hard on farms and saving up money so their dream can come true . All they want is a place of their own with chicken , rabbits , horses , and other farm animals . On their way to their dream they stop at a farm to make some money where things go wrong because Lennie likes to touch , pet , and hold on to soft things . Their dream is ruined because of Lennie 's habit . Lennie likes to touch all things that are soft , and I mean all things that are soft , even a woman 's soft pretty dress , or her soft silky hair , which gets Lennie killed by his best friend . George decides that he can no longer protect Lennie from the horrible things that he had n't intended to do . This was a really hard decision for George but he knew the outcome was going to be the best for both him and Lennie.Of Mice and Men takes you through life changing events , problems , and dreams of two poor laborers who just want a place of their own , which is just like many people in the world . Many families and friends work together so their dreams can come true . This book also made think of friendship and how we treat our friends and others in the world who are different , and less intelligent then us . People treat others bad , and put them down just because they are different . Even though the ending of this novel seems sad , and heart breaking , I think George did the right thing ; he did n't want his friend to live the hard harsh life , in this unkind world . After reading this book , it made me realize that John Steinbeck is a wonderful author and I loved his writing style . It simple , easy to understand , relates to life , teaches you something and leaves you with something to think about . I am a person who does n't like to read much but when I am assigned to read for a class I tend to find books that interest me . In the future I plan to read this book again and I also want read more of John Steinbeck 's novels .
 Using just a few of the principles found in this book is helping me turn my sites into cash generators instead of just static sites hoping someone will stop by . Thanks Declan for providing information that truly helps the average , everyday person become successful in this awesome frontier called the Internet .
 I bought this book from Amazon and the advice it offered has enabled me to boost the profits from my website considerably . There are so many invaluable tips in here that I keep referring to it daily.I have to admit I have been very impressed by the interviews in the book -LRB- everyone loves case studies -RRB- and the practical tips . It is the type of book I will keep coming back to for guidance in my net-business . It 's not a cheap book , but I suppose you have to invest to make money . And with Dunn 's book you are getting the BEST .
 This is an excellent companion to the Shooter 's Bible and is an invaluable guide for the curious and enthusiast alike.W.H . - gunco.net
 SUMMARY : Clever usage of rhyme and song in a counting book which describes the animals and vegetation of the desert . Pictures are beautifully illustrated , animated but yet realistic . The book even includes a glossary and the sheet music.CRITICAL REVIEW : WAY OUT IN THE DESERT uses excellent rhyme and meter while the young reader searches for the hidden number within each picture . All the animals and vegetation are that of the Sonoran Desert . Each page briefly describes a characteristic of the creature and their habitat within the desert . The vocabulary is contextual in naming of the animals and plants of this desert . The remaining vocabulary is simple and repetitive . The counting scheme is the increasing number of each animal 's babies . The pictures are wonderful . Each are vibrantly colored but the colors are representative of the real animal or plant . Each page has depth and texture and varies in perspective . It is a joy to look at and fun to read . Older readers would enjoy reading this book in discovery of the desert . It is best to read this to new or struggling readers-but do read it!CURRICULUM APPLICATIONS : This is an excellent book for all elementary ages . The basic skill is counting . From here it can expand in many directions , such as music , poetry , art , writing , creating special glossaries , studying the southwest states , desert life , desert plants and animals , habitats , food chains , botany , zoology , comparing and contrasting , etc. . It can be used to create working groups within the classroom , each group being a different desert animal . The possibilities are endless . Meeting both authors is recommended . Both currently live in Tucson , AZ , and love the desert . I 'm sure they have many stories to tell of their life there.BOOK LINKS
 This fun book tells `` lyric-like '' tales of some of the main creatures found in the southwestern desert . You can almost hear music when you read it ! It 's very clever ! I highly recommend it for toddlers to second graders . The illustrations are great too . A really cute book!Desert Songwriter/Patty Horn
 I have n't learned the music for Way Out in the Desert yet , so I ca n't speak for the tune . However , the rhythm of this counting rhyme is a lot of fun . It gets a little old by the time you get to the tenth verse , but the beat is enjoyable . If you do n't like poems that sort of get you into a singsong mode , though , you might want to skip this one.The illustrations are beautiful , and terms are explained at the end of the book . If you know how to pronounce both Spanish and English words , this text is a delight to read aloud . A great introduction to desert life !
 My daughters and I love all of the books that this author publishes . Super catchy verses and great vocabulary for habitats .
 Great book , my son will enjoy and love that it is about the desert which is so far for us so gives him an experience without experiencing it .
 Way out in the Desert , by Marsh and Ward , illustrated by Spengler , is a counting book featuring hidden numbers within spectacularly colored drawings of desert animals and their habitat . The verse is in rhyme and can be sung to `` Over in the Meadow , '' and the musical accompaniment is provided in the back of the story . I kind of chant this one to the kids and at the end of each page they look for the numbers hidden in the picture . Featuring plant and animal species which are native to the southwestern desert habitat , this book shows kids new animals they may not have seen before .
 Sung or read , I and the toddlers I share this book with enjoy this vividly illustrated counting story . It also familiarizes the listerners with animals and plants of the Sonoran desert .
 My daughter has loved this book since she was 2 . She was so excited when she opened it . She reads it to herself at night . It 's her favorite !! I was very happy with the quality of the book and the quickness of it 's delivery .
 My children , ages 1,3 , 5 , 7 , absolutely LOVE this book -LRB- We have the board-book version -RRB- . The rhyming is catchy and well-written . We live in Arizona , so they love reading about creatures we see everywhere . And they really get a kick out of finding the ` hidden ' numbers . My 3 & 5-yr-old are always requesting it for bedtime storytime . They yell out the numbers as I read it , then we all count the creatures together . It 's a great book for the whole family !
 A great little book that shares some of the ` magic ' of animal life in the desert . Engaging pictures and creative text . Too bad the board book version does n't have the glossary that 's mentioned in one of the ` offical ' reviews . So in case you did n't know , `` javelina '' are medium-sized mammals of the family Tayassuidae , and an `` ocotillo '' is a desert plant that looks like dead sticks for much of the year , but grows small leaves during rainy periods .
 I love reading this book to my son . He 's now about a year and a half , though we 've had this book for a year . I picked this book up for him on a trip to Arizona , because I like to collect books about the places we 've been . This one was appropriate because it is about desert/southwest animals . It is a short counting book and it has a fun , rhythmic pattern to the words . The words are also simple with a repetitive pattern , so it makes great early `` reading '' for young kids -LRB- easily memorizable -RRB- . The illustrations are beautiful , and I think it was a nice touch that there is a `` hidden '' number on each page .
 Lance Gore 's work synthesizes findings about Chinese political economy in the past ten years or so into a somewhat coherent framework . He argues that because local cadres have different mandates -LRB- provide public goods , get profit , maximize local economic growth -RRB- and because many economic powers have decentralized to the local level , local officials have used these powers -LRB- setting tax rates , controlling lending . . etc. -RRB- to spur local economic growth . While this has generated phenomenal economic growth in the past decade , it also created the problems of investment fragmentation , local protectionism , and continual state intrusion in the economy . Implicit in this framework is that local officials have many different roles , not just that of a rent-seeker , as the neo-classical approach would argue . I think this framework successfully resolves one of the major contradiction about the reform -- why was phenomenal economic growth possible under such rampant state intrusion . The story he provides for the incentives facing local officials is logically compelling . However , this framework does not explain the vast amount of variation that exists in China . For example , if all local officials have investment hunger , why do some localities get so much more loans than others . Do all local governments have the same ability to garner local resources for economic growth ? Also , although he borrows empirical evidence from other studies to bolster his claims , there are other things he could have done . For example , he could have shown a correlation between investment fragmentation and the decline of central revenue as a percentage of total revenue . Despite some of these shortfalls , Gore 's work constitutes the cutting edge in Chinese political economy and has contributed greatly to our understanding of CHina .
 Rebecca Smith 's work on Electronic Resume 's and Online Networking is a must read . It 's one of those books that you hate to loan out , for fear of it not being returned ! The definite , premiere work on strategic methods for succeeding in a competitive job market !
 While there are many books about job finding on the NET . Ms. Smith 's book is written for the average person not the net-head . You 'll learn how to navigate the net and bring home the information you need to become a successful online candidate !
 The Internet has opened many doors for employment opportunities in recent years . Many Websites , job boards , and books have been produced to help people find the jobs they want and to help employers find the people they need . Electronic Resumes & Online Networking by Rebecca Smith is one book job hunters should seriously consider picking up . It will provide plenty of resume writing and job searching assistance.This book is wholly devoted to creating electronic format resumes for posting online . It sets forth important guidelines for them . The author provides detailed instruction on how readers should structure resumes for electronic distribution . The author also spends a good deal of time helping her readers to create their own Web resumes.Web resumes , one of the latest developments in job hunting , allows job seekers to have more control over the way they present themselves to prospective employers . They offer job seekers an excellent opportunity to create online portfolios of their work histories , professional accomplishments , art and photographic work , testimonials , and personal photographs . Web resumes , due to their unique nature , are very economical to create , maintain , and update on a regular basis . Plenty of ideas and examples are provided to get readers started right away!The author includes literally hundreds of Websites , many of which allow readers to apply for work online , some according to their own industry . Other sites offer further assistance in finding employment , creating Websites , obtaining graphic images , and more . An excellent listing of recommended reading materials is provided at the back of the book to offer further assistance in creating resumes , Websites , Web graphics , using e-mail , and learning HTML programming.This book is highly recommended for job seekers who feel comfortable about posting their resumes online . They will have the opportunity to reach a broader number of employers with specially-tailored resumes . Interested persons could also open up their own online resume posting services as well . This book will teach them how !
 The maxim , `` Knowledge is power , '' comes to mind after reading Rebecca Smith 's book , Electronic Resumes and Online Networking -LRB- Career Press , 1999 -RRB- . This book is truly a wealth of information ... with it , job seekers will be armed with the power to create content-driven Web resumes , negotiate the maze of the Internet , and connect with like-minded job seekers , as well as recruiters and employers . The author is a crack researcher and knows her topic inside and out . This book should be required reading for any job seeker who wants to know how to use the Internet to advance their career ! Susan Whitcomb , author of Resume Magic -LRB- JIST Works , 1999 -RRB-
 In a fully updated , revised and expanded second edition , Rebecca Smith 's Electronic Resumes & Online Networking offers the reader the necessary information and techniques for crafting reviews suited to the Internet and targeting employers in terms of their hiring needs ; identifying key skill needed to fill a specific job ; keeping up with a given profession in discussion forums and virtual communities ; creating the perfect electronic resume ; the use of keywords and search engine techniques to get a resume noticed ; and how to evaluate all the new resume options including electronic messages , electronic forms , web pages , and more . Electronic Resumes & Online Networking is a highly recommended resource for individual job seekers , job counselors , as well employment training and placement center reference collections .
 Finally there is an electronic resume book that explains it all , and then tells how to actually create one ! The tutorials are awesome , and I 'm already using the book as a regular reference .
 This is an excellent book filled with online career strategies and resources . The author provides innovative ideas and a structured approach to developing an online resume and organized job search . The book is easy to read and understand and uses common comparisons for better comprehension of the internet functions.The author explains how to find thousands of job listings through search engines , media sites , job boards and virtual job fairs using resources available by simply logging on with any web browser . Plus there are several sections dedicated to developing traditional , text and HTML resumes , creating keyword summaries , filling in e-forms , posting resumes to corporate data bases and using search agents/scouts . The author even explains how to insure that the cover letter and resume sent via e-mail looks the same to the receiver as it does to the sender.The numerous lists of metajob boards and industry-specific job boards , directories , industry news resources , discussion forums , newsgroups , mailing lists and research tools makes this book a worthwhile investment for anyone pursuing a career . This book will definitely expand your knowledge of this new trend which is rapidly revolutionizing the world .
 This is a `` must have '' reference for all professionals , both employed and unemployed alike . In addition to simplifying the process of electronic resume writing and job search techniques , Smith turns what typically is considered a challenge , into an educational experience . Regardless of your technology level , there is something for everyone in this book . From learning basic web technology to creating a professional web portfolio . In addition to that , she offers a wealth of information for electronic job search options and an abundance of search strategies . The powerful job search techniques that are presented throughout the book are invaluable.I would highly recommend this publication to every professional that wants to stay ahead of the competition in the job market .
 I found Ms. Smith 's book to be an outstanding reference source . It is a `` must keep '' for anyone 's personal reference library . The author provided the reader with a clear and easy understanding of the processes behind on-line networking . Her use of analogies made even complex technological issues easily understood by the non-technical person.Her suggestions for putting together a highly effective resume were outstanding . I am currently going through a career change , and found her resume formatting process to be superior . I am now in the process of completing my updated resume -LRB- using several of her techniques . -RRB- I am quite anxious to let it go on-line and see what develops . I have recommended her book to others .
 Rebecca knows her business . She knows her subject and she knows her readers . Her great success with this book is based upon her extensive knowledge of HR which she translates to the viewpoint of the job-seeker . Her substantial and varied professional background gives power to her words.For the recent graduate , middle manager , or an out-placed senior , she not only gives a great deal of solid , workable advice -- Rebecca culls the relevent information down to a readable and realistic program to work the magic of the Internet in your job search.Her resources are second to none and are current.For those of you who are firmly employeed ... you should order this book now . It will take you to your next level of income . It certainly will provide you with some sense of your corporate worth . And should the consolidation factor or downsizing package hit your company -- you 'll be well prepared to move on . And , possibly to an even better position in your industry.Very solid reading for all . Well worth twice the price .
 This book has been a god send . I followed Rebecca 's techniques and I have been recieving job offers worldwide within one month of purchasing this book , and posting my resume ' . I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to expand their employment search .
 The content and technical how-to 's are in this book ! Writing , programming and posting a web resume can be a major challenge . Rebecca Smith is a great help if you take the time read and study her words . It will be worth it because being able to post and share your resume through a simple URL in an email is THE WAY TO MARKET YOURSELF ONLINE ! I recommend this book highly ! Kathryn K. Troutman , President , The Resume Place , Inc. ; Author of four resume books and creator of web resumes !
 thank you for this wonderful gift . This will make a great and wonderful gift family / friend enjoyed and will enjoy Cooking
 I love the fact that these recipes are all so simple to make . Cooking made easy for everyone . Great for a beginning cook or an advanced cook who wants to save time and money . A must have cook book for your collection .
 Love this cook book ! All of the recipes are really easy to make , and I love the 4 ingredient or less idea . The only thing is they try to use products that are pre-mixed to get out of the 4 ingredient thing .
 This cookbook is very easy for a layman to read . The recipes are easy , and cheap to do . This cookbook also has easy cooking instructions .
 Good book to give to someone starting out in their own place . . nice photos and easy instructions .
 Another gift I got for my secret pal but decided to keep for myself !!! Love it !!!
 I have about 3-dozen cookbooks , but this is one I come back to again and again , especially when I 'm pressed for time.The recipes do only call for 4 items , but you still get the benefit of more ingredients than that , because some of the items may be something like a package of Spanish-style rice mix , so you 're really getting more flavors through the additional ingredients in the items . So you get the convenience and the taste!Here are a few recipes from this cookbook that taste particularly good : - Chili Rice con Queso -LRB- a favorite in our family -RRB- - Chicken Quesadillas - Honey-Glazed Chicken Breasts - Savory Chicken and Rice - Alfredo Salmon and NoodlesNot every recipe is a hit -LRB- a few are kind of bland -RRB- , but there are enough good recipes in this cookbook to definitely make it worth buying !
 My daughter does n't like to cook . She says this helps to make it easier for her and her family gets good meals .
 GREAT COOKBOOK ESPECIALLY FOR QUICK MEALS IN A HURRY !!! MOST INGREDIENTS YOU ALREADY HAVE IN YOUR PANTRY !! GREAT GIFT IDEA FOR COLLEGE KIDS OR FOR THE PERSON WHO DOES N'T LIKE TO COOK !!
 Okay , it sounds impossible and not very tasty or interesting
 I first saw this book in my mothers kitchen - I now have it ! This book is a life saver for busy households who simply do n't have the time to spend 2 hours preparing a meal ! The meals are quick , easy , and VERY tastey ... many of the meals I have made from this books are now favorites of my family and friends alike ! If you are looking for the BEST fast , easy , and ultra simple cookbooks . . this is IT !
 The other two reviewers raved about this , so maybe it 's just me , but the title should be `` The most simplistic recipes ever created '' . There is actually a recipe for a toasted cheese sandwhich . If you do not already know how to make this , then this book may be too advanced . Pass on this unless you ca n't come up with a can of soup , chicken & bag of veggies on your own.I give it 4 stars only because it is Betty Crocker and it has great pictures .
 You wo n't find any caviar dishes here - but if you 're blue-collar like us and do n't mind eating Ravioli occasionally , then this is your book ! -LRB- C'mon - you know you like Ravioli ... -RRB- There are some great dishes in here , and if you use a few spices and things like ground turkey instead of beef , you can make them healthier and tastier as well .
 If you are in a hurry or trying to teach someone to cook , this is a wonderful book . Recipes are very simple with 4 ingredients , there are also tips if you want to add more ingredients . I bought this for my daughter who is learning to cook and I was amazed at the nice variety of recipes . I bought one for myself too !
 I 've made several recipes from the 4-Ingredient Dinners cookbook and all have been well received . Tonight my kids lapped up the Breaded Pork Chops prepared using Bisquick , saltine cracker crumbs , salt and pepper , egg and a bit of water . The pork chops turned out tasty and relatively healthy since they were cooked over medium-high heat in a nonstick skillet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray.I am already planning to buy several copies as Christmas gifts .
 For those of us who are n't gifted in the culinary department , this book is a gift from above . Cooking can be a chore when you 've got a hungry family waiting for something yummy to eat . This makes it oh so easy !! I 'll be holding on to this book for many many years .
 I really like this cookbook . It 's not overwhelming . I have already made a recipe and it turned out really good !
 The recipes in this book were both easy and tasty . The book is written clearly and all of the recipes are quick and easy . This book made me a star with my teenager . She likes the stir fry recipe and everyone likes the munchy chocolate cookies .
 This collection of essays , authored by an impressive group of writers , is a poignant tribute to mothers everywhere . An easy read , the book is not unlike a bag of literary potato chips -- you just ca n't stop with the first essay . I found myself totally immersed in one story after another , till the whole book was read . I laughed some , cried a little , and marveled at the pleasant memories of mothers and grandmothers these authors were willing to share with their readers . It was awesome !
 many of the names are still out there for resources . would prefer a newer edition for assisting client in our area
 Opening this book to any of the three dozen prints it contains is like -LRB- at least to those of us whom excessive exposure to workaday prose and to overlapping error-messages threatens to render prematurely senile -RRB- suddenly remembering what it was like to be a kid sitting in a tree , dangling your legs , and singing any old song you felt like singing irreverently . Patchen 's colorful figures and backgrounds and words remind me of Kandinsky and Klee and maybe even of the boy Wm. Karlos Williams must have been . This is art that makes me smile and gently reminds me to pick my battles , tell the truth , and , while there 's still time , gaze long and selfishly and irresponsibly at the night sky .
 Kenneth Patchen is a passionately unique , uniquely passionate poet -- and that 's never been shown to better advantage than in this volume of his poem-paintings , rich with vibrant colors & insightful , whimsical , prophetic words . The afterward by publisher James Laughlin rightfully compares Patchen 's work here to William Blake 's illuminated books , which also intertwine art & poetry . Both men are moved by transcendant vision , both are outraged by cruelty & injustice , both strive for something better than the mundane drabness of so much everyday life.Most books are categorized somewhere on the back cover
 I am a tournament player -LRB- USCF 2140 -RRB- looking for good books to help me improve . This book has sound material but little that is new . I kept running into ideas that I had already seen in many other instructional books.The central point in RETHINKING THE PIECES is that you win chess games by making your pieces worth more than your opponent 's pieces . Everyone gets that idea . But how do you do that ? Soltis tries to answer this question thoroughly , giving plenty of clear examples of his points.Soltis argues that your pieces are worth more than their normal value when they achieve great mobility , when they have ready targets , and when they coordinate their actions . Conversely , your pieces become worth less than their normal value when they lose mobility , when they lack targets , and when they fail to work together.Soltis also maintains that your pieces are worth less than their normal values when they suffer from a change in board range and from redundancy . These ideas are certainly not that hard to grasp , as some examples will show : An example of mobility
 To start off I must say that this is a book for intermediate and advanced students . If you are not familiar with basic tactical and strategic ideas you will not benefit much from this book.I really believe that this is one of the most important chess books for practical players written in the past 10 or 15 years . The reason why is that it covers aspects of the game that must be termed `` occult . '' But this does not mean that Soltis ' explanations are obscure in any way , they are not . This is not a book on the `` hows '' of chess but on the `` whys . '' Why are two rooks so much stronger than a queen in certain situations ? Why do exchange sacrifices work ? By understanding these aspects of the game we are much more likely to approach our own games with a deep understanding of the strategic ideas behind the positions we reach.One important example of this depth can be found in the third chapter
 First off , I have to say that this is a great book . Everyone that is below master strength should buy this book . Masters will probably know all of the concepts in the book already , but for us `` mere mortals '' it may be the best chess book around for players with ratings between , say , 1400 and 2200 . It is not a great book for beginners . I have not been impressed with some of the other chess books by Soltis -LRB- ex . Pawn Structure Chess -RRB- , which by the way should be in the SDCC library ; I donated it a while ago . Soltis often goes way too deep in analysis for the non-master to appreciate , but this book is a gem -- it is loaded with common positions and is easy to understand . It may be the most practical chess book I 've read . The book is basically about tactics and endgame positions , and is MUCH more interesting to read than other books on those subjects . It 's almost like cliffnotes on tactics and the endgame ; again page for page its one of the best chess books available . And as far as tactics are concerned , the interesting thing about the book is that it teaches more often when NOT to sacrifice than when to , and that 's very important information to the intermediate player . The tactics and endgame positions are sprinkled throughout the book , but in the review I 'll simply separate the book into these two categories.TACTICS : One of the most common things to think about before initiating a sacrifice or combination is the relative value of the pawns and pieces . However , Soltis correctly points out that pawn and piece values change during the course of the game . Below is a list of the piece values assessed by different players -LRB- or even non-players who are mathematicians or the like -RRB- . -LRB- Pawn = 1 -RRB- . Assessor
 Okay . First of all , we have to acknowledge the person writing this book . It 's Soltis . He has a quality background . Thus , when I received this book as a present , I awaited a quality book , and was not disappointed.One of my first thoughts , funnily enough , was how bad the cover is . I expected it , even from Soltis , to be a terrible book . The cover and the size of the book is nothing to gasp at -LRB- 218 pages -RRB- . This , however , is not the point . As opposed to say , Garry Kasparov 's `` My Great Predecessors '' -LRB- which are also , incidentally , wonderful books , do n't get me wrong -RRB- , which clocks in at 400 pages , here every page is packed full of priceless knowledge , brought about by the general agreement of the world 's top players.So , what 's it all about ? While the title clearly says `` rethinking '' the chess pieces , and true , it dispels many illusions , this book shows you how to use your pieces . In particular , what to exchange and when.What can be said ? It 's a nice book . Soltis , I was suprised to find , still has time to inject a little humor into the book . I quote to list an example : -LRB- diagram given , Kd4 , Qe4 , kd7 , nd8 , ne8 , White to play -RRB- White has a considerable material difference , a +2 or +3 according to the typical chart or computer . Normally , a +2 advantage is enough to win , and here White has an edge that is several times greater than the edge that Black enjoys after 7 . Nxf7 in the first diagram . In addition , White 's pieces are well placed and Black 's knights are far from active.Yet since Giambattista Lolli analyzed such positions in the 1760 's , this has been known to be a dead draw . You can search for sophisticated explainations of why this is possible but there is an obvious one
 I 'm not an avid reader of this genre ; I bought the book because the author 's name jumped out at me . He ca n't possibly remember me , but I used to sell him computer equipment long ago . I remembered him as a pleasant gentleman , so I decided to give his book a go . I 'm glad I did . _ Like No Other _ makes no significant effort -LRB- beyond name changes -RRB- to disguise the political figures of the Second Gulf War 's opening days . There is no single protagonist ; the action cycles through a series of diverse locations to focus on equally diverse characters as they react to the outbreak of war . Mr. Mercer Nairne shows skill at capturing ethnic and economic outlook in character development . In the case of political leaders one may easily recognize , he 's justly lampooning them , especially the ` make the decision then find a reason ' cart-before-the-horse methods of the Bush administration . This is not chauvinism on his part ; he shows no favouritism to the Blair government . He is also not afraid to portray a decent , intelligent character favouring the war.One thing I found most refreshing was Mr. Mercer Nairne 's deviance from the most tired plot in thriller fiction
 I was born in Moslem family and have read Quran for over 30 years . Honestly , I was not expecting to learn much when I picked this book up . To my amazement , there is a lot to be gained from the book for any body who wants to know a complete picture on the issue of women in Islam . Many books are written on the subject , but Dr. Wilcox approach it with open mind and heart , and free of a lot of prejudices and prejudgements that exist against muslems and Islam . I highly recommend it for all seekers of Truth . Thank you Lynn Wilcox .
 Somewhat like a National Geographic that you thumb through to see the great pictures , but then you read the text and become engrossed in the spectacular detail included within . The pictures range from landscape format to close-up , as does the text . Though the pictures beg for a 20x24 format , the reader will enjoy both the text and the pictures and appreciate the photographer and the author , coming to know the landscape better than you ever thought possible , no matter how may trips you 've taken to the state of Colorado and how many places you 've visited there . This book will make you want to go back and see what you missed . J.C. Leacock is a marvelous photographer and Conger Beasley complements his work with a wonderful close-up description of the details of the Colorado landscape .
 J.C. Leacock has done a beautiful job capturing the diversity and seasons of Colorado in this book . The text provides clear and interesting information to further appreicate the photos . We recently were married in the mountians of Colorado and gave copies of this book to our friends and family who assisted with the cermony , as well as copy for ourselves . We enjoy it , and those we gave it to have nothing but good things to say about it . The price and size are just right for gift giving to those who have been to , or live in Colorado , or those who have yet to visit but appreciate the natural beauty and diversity of the State .
 With flippant humor , Borowitz pens a wonderful parody offering advice for prison bound CEOs . Given the current economic climate the timely is perfect ! Great summer reading .
 Andy Borowitz has done an awesome job , in going some excellent advice to CEO 's . This book , should be given to each CEO as they commence their 6 month stay , at the Federal govenrment 's fabulous resort , Club Fed .
 I read this book while I was in a hospital waiting for surgery . The book was wonderful for taking my mind off of an anxious situation . The book is HILARIOUS ... there is a spoof of the Zagat Restaurant Guide -LRB- dealing with the food at federal prisons -RRB- , and a guide to the `` 7 Habits of Highly Effective Prisoners . ''
 Andy Borowitz is a precious national asset - a hip , modern-day Will Rogers whose hilarious new send-up of corporate culture and the nation 's ongoing corporate corruption scandals adds up to insightful and hilarious social commentary .
 I enjoyed Who Moved My Soap . Andy Borowitz is excellent in delivering satire in this short , but very funny , book . The main character is an incarcerated CEO who writes the book for CEO 's who find themselves arrested and being sent to prison . A how-to thrive in prison guide.The voice of the character is perfect -- he is actually enthusiastic about being in prison . Comparisons are made between prison and corporate life , including the slang of each . Food , Feng Shui , and thriving in prison are all discussed in this very funny book .
 A real page turner . Andy is great . See that your friends do n't steal this book from you.Thejendra BS
 My sister brought this `` Who Moved My Soap ? '' to Thanksgiving and we all took turns reading parts of it aloud . It is hilarious , and I consider myself a pretty hard person to make laugh . The book is a perfect antidote for these scandal-ridden times . We may not have much in our 401ks anymore , but we can still have our senses of humor , and this book delivers big belly laughs from beginning to end .
 Andy has an amazing way of satirizing the current affairs in his own quirky way . If you like Andy 's tweets/blog , get this book . Uproaringly hilarious !!!!
 I happened to see this book at B & N accidentally and went through the introduction . Liked it and bought it immediately . A very good book from a comedy author . Couple of chapters are outstanding -LRB- Prison Cell Feng Shi and Six Sigma Chapters -RRB- . Well worth the purchase .
 ` Who Moved My Soap ` is hands down the funniest book I 've ever read . It would be worth buying for the chapter on prison slang alone , but every chapter in this book is a scream . When was the last time you sat down with a book and found yourself laughing out loud ? This book has more laughs in it than the last five Jim Carrey movies put together . Highly , highly recommended !
 CEO 's need not worry . This self-help book paves the way for success in prison with IPO-like ventures based upon Six Sigma , the 7 habits ... , and other management stunners so instrumental in their success in civilian life . Arguably the best business book since `` How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying . ''
 Excellent satire . I read this on a recent cross-country flight . Mr. Borowitz does a terrific job of poking fun at all things pretentious in our society . Writers like him are exactly the reason I listen to NPR . If you like to laugh , this would be a good choice.Another good choice for laughter is No One 's Even Bleeding by Lenny Castellaneta .
 If you want a nice relaxed quiet read forgetaboutit . This book will have you in stitches and your sides will hurt from laughing so hard . For the rest of the day you will blurt out a laugh or chuckle for no apparent reason . Your friends will think you 're off your rocker . When you tell them about the book , you 'll know they bought it when they to will walk around the office blurting out spontaneous laughs to . It is , perhaps , too funny . You have been warned !
 Who Moved My Soap ? is HILARIOUS . Andy Borowitz is a brilliant satirist . While presenting the inconsistencies and strange parallels that underlie two tough worlds , Borowitz skewers a range of targets including advice books , designer labels , feng shui and pretentious dining . It 's a great book for everyone who remembers the good old days when there were jobs -- even if going to work each day sometimes felt like being in prison . Who Moved My Soap ? is purportedly aimed at your boss ' boss ' boss ' boss -LRB- or former boss -RRB- but it 's not just for CEOs . It 's a book for EVERYONE who reads the newspaper , watches TV , worries about finances and likes to laugh .
 Andy Borowitz is in the tradition of the great satirists -- Aristophanes , Juvenal , Rabelais , Voltaire , Mark Twain , H. Allen Smith ... His wit is as delightful as his satire is cathartic . How fortunate we are to have a great satirist in this age of humorless `` political correctness . '' `` Who Moved My Soap '' is the only book I 've ever read in one afternoon . -LRB- I was laughing so hard I could n't move ! -RRB-
 My brother is a CEO and this is what I gave him for his birthday ! He totally loved it . It is a truly hilarious book .
 This book made me laugh so hard I was literally gasping for air . It totally hits a satirical bullseye and could not be more timely . I am giving it to everyone on my Christmas list.I found it hard to believe that `` Who Moved My Soap '' could live up to the rave reviews I 'd read of it , but it does , and then some . Pick it up and see for yourself - you will be very , very happy you did .
 If I ca n't be a CEO , at least I can write a book about how to be a CEO , and if I ca n't do that at least I can read one . That I did , and boy did I laugh . Though I did not cry , I would cry if that 'd do any good . Great book ! Well worth reading even if you got off with probation .
 Borowitz thinks Madoff 's trip to the slammer could be the best career move he 's ever made - hard time offering hard cash for thinking out side the box . Borowitz begins by recounting his own experience as the convicted CEO of Shamco International . He was first caught by the FBI with his Kenneth Cole shirt snagged in the company paper shredder while destroying documents . Investors had lost $ 34.6 billion - a goodly amount , but not up to Madoff 's standards.Trading one gated community for another , Borowitz was moved to the penitentiary in Lomax , Al , rated as `` America 's Worse Place to be Locked Up In '' by Consumer Reports . He goes on to provide a short course in prison slang , reviews of food at various federal pens , the `` Seven Habits of Highly Effective Prisoners , prison cell feng shui , applying Six Sigma to your prison business , and `` exit '' strategies.Good reading , though not likely to last throughout Bernie 's 150-year sentence .
 I first encountered Andy Borowitz 's wicked satirical wit on NPR , and then more recently have been enjoying his brilliant one-liners on CNN . Then I got hooked on his Borowitz Report column after reading a glowing front page story about him in The Wall Street Journal . If you 've never read Borowitz , Who Moved My Soap ? is the perfect place to start . It 's a hysterically funny take on the recent spate of corporate scandals , but it 's more than that
 This book is just hilarious ! Borowitz hits the nail on the head with some of his `` tips '' for CEOs headed for prison . The funniest chapter was The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Prisoners . It just kept me rolling . If you 're tired of CEOs ' antics , pick this book up , it 's totally worth it .
 This book will give new meaning to such corporate phrases as `` back-stabbing '' , `` the ` Peter ' principle '' and `` 360 degree employee management '' . Borowitz , in his unique and humorous style , pinpoints the gaping flaws inherent in the ` Rock Star CEO ' mentality that exist today . Borowitz really proves that the emporer has no clothes - and that becomes quite problematic during the prison phase of the CEO 's life . The book is an excellent , refreshing and lighthearted look at where capitalism went astray . The ability to laugh at ourselves is essential and Borowitz provides and excellent vehicle to achieve those ends . A highly recommended read .
 Modern corporate world is a sty reeking of corporate scandals . This , despite a whole deluge of corporate `` gurus '' and biz books dispensing truckloads of advice on how to better run your company , manage your time , manage your employees , etc etc.Trust Andy Borowitz to rip the vacuity of almost 90 % of such advisory tripe to shreds . He hammers home the drudgery of business cliches in an absolutely hilariously anti-establishment satire . It 's an easy to read compilation , you could devour it in a couple of hours if you wish -LRB- and you mostly likely will -RRB- . The title itself is a funny play on `` Who moved my cheese '' , a monumentally boring bestseller from a few years ago about change management . As one of the reviews suggests , change is something a lot of disillusioned CEOs like Martha Stewart have to cope with in their newfound abodes.Pick up this gem for some pure , unadulterated , and occasionally even laught-out-loud humor . Pronto purchase material !
 Borowitz writes an understated book attacking the now-discredited CEO-as-god/You-Too-Can - Be-Rich genre . Some of this book is very funny , but it is funny because it is a straight-faced reductio ad absurdum of the corporate cheer leading that tried to justify the ugly 1990s financial bubble.The reading will be slow going for those who have not read the trite school of popular business writing . The style of this book is a deadpan parody of such `` classics '' as THE 7 HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE and the mountains of stupid books that tried to explain Sun Tzu 's THE ART OF WAR to holders of MBAs . The humorous hook is the whole idea that -LRB- a -RRB- once-respected and worshipped hot shots are really criminals , and -LRB- b -RRB- that prison environments are actually the logical conclusion of how corporate management would operate -- if they could get away with it . His almost verbatim exposition of how a prison business can follow of Jack Welch 's Six Sigma bullying of employees shows just how destructive American B-school ideology is.Finally , the admirable Alex Coolman , of Stop Prison Rape -LRB- SPR.org -RRB- attacks this book for making fun of the horrors of sexual assault ; I respectfully disagree with Mr. Coolman . SOAP has no explicit or vicious writing -LRB- the style is too deadpan for anything vulgar -RRB- . SOAP conflates two worlds of power -- prison and corporate back stabbing -- and finds both to be totally immoral.WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? is a tale that exposes our sorry times .
 Martha Stewart and Ken Lay wo n't like this book , but the rest of us will laugh out loud from page one all the way to the end . If you 've lost your job , or just your pension plan thanks to crooked CEOs , this book is the best medicine . Who Moved My Soap is a masterpiece -- I put it up there with the best of David Sedaris , Steve Martin or Dave Barry . And for those of us who have very little left in their 401 -LRB- k -RRB- , it 's hard to beat the price .
 I never believed that old cliche about laughter being the best medicine until my best friend gave me `` Who Moved My Soap '' to read . I recently lost my job and had been down in the dumps , looking for work in this lousy economy . This book put an instant smile on my face ! Anyone who 's ever had a lousy boss or other workplace woes will completely love it . I passed it on to another friend -LRB- who happened to have lost almost all of his 401k thanks to crooked CEOs -RRB- and he said it was the funniest book he 's ever read . But it 's more than just funny ... it 's TRUE !
 I did n't have much hope for WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? The CEO 's Guide to Surviving in Prison . At first blush it seemed that Andy Borowitz was playing to a limited audience , constructing a kind of lampoon of the bestselling WHO MOVED MY CHEESE ? while skewering white-collar criminals . Nothing really much to laugh at . But that 's why we read the books . And WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? turns out to be interesting , well-done , and very funny.WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? is intended as a satirical guide for the CEO who finds himself going to prison . It is written in the voice of a convicted CEO who has survived prison and is now sharing his expertise with others who find themselves in similar straits . By `` prison , '' Borowitz is not referring to the minimum security facilities where inmates spend their day tending to well-manicured lawns or reading in spotless libraries in between trips to the salad bar and conjugal visits from the Mrs. No , Borowitz is talking `` prison '' here , Oz territory , where the issue of `` Who moved my soap ? '' can become quite important.Admittedly , it does take Borowitz a few pages to get things moving . Given that WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? is less than 100 pages in length , he does not have many to squander . Accordingly the first third of WHO MOVED MY SOAP ? is more of a warm-up than anything else , with Borowitz putting a tongue-in-cheek positive spin on the executive going to prison.It is in the second third of the book , however , that Borowitz really begins to shine . His chapter dealing with prison slang is ... well , it 's a riot , but it really serves to get the blood moving for the chapter dealing with meals . `` Prison Food
 This book manages to meld both insightful commentary on today 's business world , entertainment world and social scene with some of the funniest lines I 've ever read . The storyline , about a CEO from a huge conglomerate named Shamco -LRB- which seems to make a lot of products that do not work , but enables the CEO to live like a potentate anyway -RRB- had tears running down my face . I wo n't wreck the book for you - read it yourself -LRB- and maybe send one to Martha Stewart -RRB- .
 Borowitz has written a truly funny book , and it 's extra special because it 's a satire of another concept others have taken so seriously . It 's not so funny , though , when you really get `` surprised '' from behind in prison , if you know what I mean .
 This book has left me wanting more . Not many books do this for me . I felt the relationshop between the sisters was very cleverly written . Who could fail to like Darcy ? ? A very real person . Also Sophia - at the beginning I disliked her - then I continually liked and disliked her - I still ca n't make up my mind . I have given four stars because I was frustrated that we did not discover more about Alex and Darcy . I hope a second book with these characters is written .
 I read this book in one sitting on a train journey , and could n't put it down . It was utterly captivating , and I love the characters of Alex and Darcy.The way in which Alex and Darcy meet - the teenage Darcy has to correspond with an American academic because her school has asked her to take part in the US university 's reseach project - is ingenious , and the letters between the dry and dusty researcher and the teenager are hilarious . Prone makes much fun out of Darcy piercing the pomposity of this guy she knows only by initials.As Darcy grows up , she sees Alex much more as a friend , but because of the rules of the research they must never meet or exchange any identifying information . This is both fascinating and intriguing as an examination of what makes friendships , and whether it is possible to have as a close friend someone you have never met.The other characters and events in Darcy 's life are also very well portrayed , as a study in growing up ; Prone makes excellent use of her knowledge both of the US and of Ireland.The denouement is sheer brilliance . My only regret is that I felt the book finished too soon .
 Racing the Moon is probably one of the cleverest books I 've ever read . It 's so funny and the development of the characters -LRB- mainly Darcy -RRB- is incredible . Every library should have a copy .
 Quite frankly this is my favorite book . I enjoy reading , and I 've read a lot of books , but over the past 5 years since I read this , it 's still my favorite , I 've read it several times .
 Racing the Moon -LRB- I still ca n't figure out the reason for this title -RRB- is a book about two Irish fraternal twin sisters , Sophia and Darcy . From a very young age , Sophia is established as the prettier one , the more competent one , the more likeable one , while the overweight Darcy -- who in reality is just as smart and competent as her sister -- fades into the background . Their parents dote on Sophia , from her desire to become fluent in the Irish language to her long-range career plans , while their father in particular despairs of Darcy 's choices in life.Yet it is Darcy who is the star of the novel . Her wit and intelligence are showcased through her long-term correspondence with an American graduate student as part of a longitudinal study on relationships . Although Darcy and her ersatz pen pal , Alex , can never meet , much of Darcy 's life unfolds via her increasingly detailed letters to her confidante . Darcy does have other relationships , from the ever-developing , complex relationship with her twin to a near-miss love affair , but it is in her letters , faxes , and emails to Alex that we get to know her best . Although the majority of the book is narrated from Darcy 's perspective , occasionally , there is a shift to Sophia 's point of view , which is a bit unnerving but probably necessary to provide the requisite insight into her character -LRB- in a few instances , the perspective of the twins ' mother is featured as well -RRB- . The main action of the novel follows the twins from their teenaged years until their late 20s ; family , career , and romance all factor into their individual development . The end of the book contains such a surprise that only the most astute of readers is likely to pick up the subtle clues which precede it . Although this certainly adds interest to the story , it also brings it to a fairly abrupt halt , leaving many questions unanswered . Yet I believe that most readers will not be disappointed , as they will have enjoyed the ride and gotten to know the characters enough to supply their own answers .
 Darcy and Sophia King are non-identical twins born in Dublin , in a very normal family . Their father Robert is a pathologist at a local medical centre , and their mother Colette lives through her love for her husband.The novel focuses on the evolution of this family during one generation , seen through the eyes of Darcy , a young rebel who suffers from being the twin of a perfect girl loved by her parents , her teachers and her peers . Darcy feels so far from a perfection she tends to despise that her relationship to her sister develops in a mixture of sisterly love and sometimes heinous jealousy.Their differences increase as the chapters go by.Sophia -LRB- pretty , polite and discreet -RRB- , reveals a vulnerable side that she hides under the appearance of a woman who perfectly controls her life . From unhappy experiences to success , she admits that she 's rarely physically alone but that she lives in an emotional loneliness against which she ca n't struggle . Darcy invariably fights weight problems and suffers from only being `` Sophia 's sister '' . It is only through separation caused by Darcy 's international carrier that the two sisters finally get closer.Although one ca n't talk about an epistolary book , the story centres around the correspondence between Darcy and an American sociologist , Alexander Carbine Brookstone , who 's thirteen years older than she is . Despite the age difference , their relationship evolves into genuine friendship , and Darcy takes refuge in the letters , faxes and , later on , emails that she exchanges with him . Her rebellion , her lack of confidence , her relationship to her sister , to her parents , to her boyfriend , and her frustration regarding her weight explode in this correspondence . Reassured by the idea that she will never meet Alex , she confides her most secret emotions and her thoughts about the world around her , in a way that is alternatively tender , defiant and hilarious.The biggest quality of this enthralling novel is a confident writing style and a quick pace which does n't leave room for boredom . It gives life to the characters in a completely exceptional way . The relationships between the protagonists are amazingly real , and page after page , their evolution manifests itself very naturally , whether it 's through Darcy 's letters to Alex or through Sophia 's diary . Terry Prone has masterfully succeeded in making each sentence a fascinating discovery -- even the -LRB- side-splitting -RRB- description of Darcy 's fridge contents is enchanting . This book depicts complex characters and carefully avoids stereotypes and shortcuts . Identifying with Darcy is extremely easy , not because she 's an empty shell in which anyone could fit -LRB- Darcy is anything but an empty shell ! -RRB- , but because Racing the Moon pulls the reader into her life and -- a rare phenomenon in literature -- makes one forget that she 's a fictional character . Darcy is the woman next door , she 's someone you pass on the street every day , she 's that girl sitting at the back of the room . To everyone , she 's quite mundane . In truth , she 's exceptional.A must-read !
 I loved this book . As an Irish exile in Britain I always buy new Irish women 's fiction -LRB- Binchy , Scanlan , Kelly , McCarthy and so on -RRB- , but this book surpasses a lot of the usual fare.Yes , the twins ' relationship is dealt with exteremly well , with a lot of unexpected insights . The part which appealed most to me was Darcy 's ` school project , ' which develops into the correspondence with Alex the American academic . I guessed extremely on in the correspondence how this might turn out , but Prone was not by any means predictable in achieving that outcome . A truly breathtaking twist!My only complaint
 First , I must say that finding books that actually give the Samaritan perspective about their community free of outside interpretations is difficult . That being said John Bowman 's book is one of a few that actually allows the perspective to speak for itself . The book a treasure since it translates the Samaritan equivalent of Midrash , Talmudic type texts , Hagaddic , etc. . This book alone is good in understanding the Samaritans from their very own texts . It must be noted that the version that I have at least is type set with a type writer type script , but do n't let that hold you back from acquiring this book if you are interested in Samaritan traditional understanding . The only criticism of the book I can offer is that I wish there had been more information from the Samaritan legal perspective -LRB- halakhah -RRB- . All , and all I consider this one of the best finds I have on Samaritan history .
 This book is a must buy ! John Bowman was professor of Department of Middle Eastern Studies at the University of Melbourne , Australia . The book is a total of 370 pages long . It is divided into 5 chapters . It beginns with the Samaritan Bible as he calls it . Next is the translation of the Chronicles of the Samaritans which is had to find out side of this book . Chapter 3 is Biblical Commentraies of the Samaritans . Chapter 4 is Haggadic Midrash which is their beliefs . Five is the Halakah codes or rules including Marriage , circumcision etc. . In the Epilgue at the end is four prayers translated from the Samaritan Liturgy . At the back is an index with an index of Biblical and post-biblical references . This book also has a short Bibliography . The author has given footnotes at the end of each section . This book you can not refuse to buy . It is well under priced for the information that it has . Buy it and enjoy !
 This book finally reveals the Samaritans in their own words , an important and worthwhile endeavor . For a long time this was a people that was forgotten , like the Armenians . However in the 2-5th centuries A.D they made up half or more of the population of the Holy Land . A semi-Jewish people practicing a form of Judaism lived and worshipped in these centuries until they were destroying in a series of rebellions against Christian Byzantium and perseucted under Absassid Islam . A fascinating religion and people , these importatn texts explain their way of life and traditions and keep them with us.Seth J. Frantzman
 Tipping The Scales of Justice is a very well written examination of the legal and personal issues surrounding weight based discrimination . Ms. Solovay touches on all the relevant issues with clarity and insight , born out of a devotion to Justice and the desire to make this issue understood to all who read about it . She is a passionate activist and a marvelous writer . Without a doubt this book will stand the test of time as a solidly researched , superbly written book . Congratulations , Ms. Solovay !
 The quiet , measured , dignified prose style of the author , a sort of removed reportage , makes the horrors of discrimination in education , health-care , social life , employment , the world of entertainment , and so forth all the more starkly ugly , cruel , dangerous , and damaging . The damage , however , is not confined to those fat people who are so viciously discriminated against . It extends to almost everyone who is infected with fear and hatred of fat , everyone who would rather be blind or deaf or lose a limb than be fat , everyone who succombs to the blandishments of a greedy , fear-mongering , prejudice-supporing bariatric industry . In other words , we 're all in this together and we 've all got to get out of it together . And the legal considerations Solovay brings to our attention , the suggestions she makes about extending legal coverages against discrimination already in place , and the compassion she displays for victims make this book one of the important beginnings for recovery from anti-fat hysteria . Thank you for this book .
 In perhaps the first and only authoritative book on fat prejudice , attorney Sondra Solovay paints a disturbing picture of widespread mistreatment of the obese and urges extension of current law to remedy these problems . Proclaiming `` fat discrimination '' as the civil rights issue of the millennium , she calls for increased legal protection , detailing a litany of abuse afflicted on fat people by peers , teachers , employers , and even judges . She disputes the prevailing notion that fat people 's size is their own fault , saying scientific evidence shows that obesity is not within the individual 's control . Because body size may be immutable and not reflective of a person 's abilities , she argues that anti-discrimination law should apply . She touts progress against fat discrimination , including laws passed in Michigan and California that specifically prohibit discrimination on the basis of weight in employment and housing.The author recommends applying disability laws to the obese , a controversial stance which puts her at odds with other so-called fat-rights advocates who resist using the disabled label . After examining several cases involving the Americans with Disability Act -LRB- ADA -RRB- and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act , she concludes that the courts ' treatment of larger-sized people under these laws too often is inconsistent , confused , and tainted by fat prejudice . She proposes a clearer , more logical way of categorizing and analyzing these cases , and reiterates how de-stigmatizing obesity helps correct pervasive misperceptions of fat people 's abilities.The book 's strength lies in its focus on education and reform and the human face put on the problem of fat prejudice . However , even the author 's extensive use of footnotes ca n't compensate for the dearth of legal materials involving weight discrimination . The appendices list organizations devoted to fat-rights advocacy , recommended readings , samples of anti-discrimination laws and excerpts from the ADA . But the paucity of published opinions reflects the reason why the book is a `` tool of legal scholarship '' as opposed to a `` handbook '' -- the still novel issue remains largely confined to academia and talks shows , not the actual practice of law . In our progressively heavier society , fat people may be closer to tipping the scales as the majority , but one wonders whether protection against fat prejudice will ever become the prevailing legal norm .
 This is a great book if you are researching -LRB- or just interested in -RRB- issues of size acceptance advocacy or gender justice issues .
 This book is very helpful and has been cited by numerous authors.Great book !
 Before we got this book , we tried several others . None gave us what we needed to deal with a very stubborn poor sleeping boy . Dr. Weissbluth gives you the information you need to have confidence implementing his methods . He treats the reader with respect , and provides useful information such as how much sleep a certain age child SHOULD be getting.In three days our son was taking two naps a day and sleeping for twelve hours at night . I have given this book to several friends and it is now my default baby shower present.GO FOR IT !
 I read MANY reviews before selecting a sleep book to read during my last trimester . I was n't sure if I would be of the no-cry camp or the let-them-cry-it-out side . This book actually answered the question for me!The author describes how a newborn , up to 4 months , should NEVER be allowed to just cry it out . They cry because they need something but they have not yet developed the ability to link a parental attention to crying and can not play `` games '' . The author encourages parents to do whatever you feel is needed to sooth the newborn , including rocking or nursing to sleep . After four months the author said the child can learn to `` fake cry '' to elicit a parental response . This is when he recommends listening for types of cries and begining to `` extinguish '' the crying behavior by slightly delaying your response , especially to fake cries and night whimpers.The author is strongly in favor of ample sleep for children . He explains how much they need -LRB- it 's surprising -RRB- and that parents should watch for symptoms of drowsiness and put the baby down drowsy . NOT fully awake and not crashed-out asleep . There is extensive talk about what to do with problem sleepers . All solutions involve watching for the baby/toddler to become drowsy -LRB- slowing down play , rubbing eyes -RRB- and putting them to bed then . A few minutes of fussing will probably follow , at which time you are to check on them periodicaly , but a swift drift off into sleep is always on the heels of the protest . Most all-night sleep battles are with overtired children whose bodies are producing stress hormones to keep them miserably awake . Putting to bed while drowsy -LRB- even at 6 pm in the evening -RRB- produces much happeir , more alert and more agreeable children.He cites endless studies about how sleep makes for happier , healthier babies and how IQ has been directly linked to sleep . -LRB- Children with an IQ above 140 have been shown to get 30-40 more minutes of sleep than their peers . That 's how important daytime naps and scheduled bedtimes are ! -RRB- I very much liked this book set because I felt it gave me some very good , scientific advice about how to comfort my newborn and how to change my behavior as my baby develops to ensure he has the best possible start at getting good , healthy sleep . I rated the book four stars because I realized that nearly the entire contents of the `` Your Fussy Baby '' book were in the middle of the Healthy Sleep Habits book and I had not needed to buy both books .
 I bought this book when my twins were 9 months old and I wanted some guidance on daytime napping , and a lot of friends had recommended Healthy Sleep Habits ... I did n't mean to buy ` Your fussy Baby ' , since mine are too old for that - so be careful when you buy this package that you get both books . I had already read a lot of books on sleep training , and while there were some really good tips here , I found ` The Contented Little Baby Book ' by Gina Ford more direct . Weissbluth allows for more discretion which I think a mother needs , and overall I think this is a very good book to be read in conjunction with other philosophies , and you can adapt what works for your style and babies . A must-read if your baby does n't sleep very much and you think it is OK that way - it 's not !
 I 'm a pediatrician , and I did not receive any training during residency on normal infant sleep patterns . I wish I had read this book ten years ago.Dr . Weissbluth explains in a respectful tone why sleep is so important and what happens biochemically to a non-sleeping baby . It is n't always obvious to every parent that the baby needs a sleep schedule ... this book explains not only WHY a schedule is so important , but HOW to get the baby started on one . It took a little while for my -LRB- then five month old -RRB- daughter to catch up on her sleep , and now , at nine months , she sleeps 16 out of 24 hours -- 13 hours at night plus two naps . The book is informative but not preachy . No gimmicks , just science . He endorses both `` cry it out '' and `` soothe to sleep '' techniques , discussing the merits of each , and is supportive of either crib sleeping or co-sleeping -- whatever works best for your family and parenting style . Like many self-help books , `` personal stories '' are included in the text , but unlike most self-help books , the stories are used to illustrate a point and not simply to self-congratulate the author . After reading four other sleep books , I 've finally found the one book I can confidently recommend to my patients and my mommy friends !
 I highly recommend this book and wish we had known about this book earlier than at our 3 month olds birthday . This is without a doubt allowed us as new parents to feel like we had control over the situation . Read the book cover to cover and it will start to make sense to you as you are able to interpret your baby 's sleepy signs .
 I highly recommend this book even for mothers who will not let their child CIO -LRB- cry it out -RRB- like myself , because is it chock full of research and information which is goads better than the other alternatives . Furthermore , it had some REALLY handy tips and information as to how important sleep is for your child and charts and figures on exactly how much sleep you should be expecting out of your baby , toddler , and even teenager -LRB- also handy are figures on how much sleep most parents are ACTUALLY getting out of their babies and kids -RRB- . Weissbluth 's famed `` two-hour rule '' is mouthed by mothers everywhere -- make sure your young infant does n't stay away for longer than two hours -- or they 're wired . For those mothers who do believe in his method of letting your child cry it out , there are plenty of anecdotes that are sympathetic and helpful in encouraging them . My complaint though is that this book is sort of poorly written -LRB- i.e. written by a doctor , and not a writer -RRB- and organized all over the place . I would love to see a revised edition with a professional writer and editor to streamline and reorganize all the information inside . It 's a BIG book and it 's hard to get to the practical heart of the information sometimes -LRB- especially when you 're sleep deprived -RRB- .
 Having read and followed the superb advice -LRB- based not only on extensive research but old proven techniques -RRB- , this book is the bible for raising babies . Simple but oh so effective , it guides you through all the techniques to train -LRB- yes train -RRB- your baby to sleep-something which is most important for babies -LRB- and adults ! -RRB- . The advice may seem hard to follow -LRB- if you read some of the so called `` new-age '' theories which believe babies are born with this ability to sleep -RRB- , but rest assured they are right on the mark ! The results are not just a very happy/healthy baby who is full of energy every day , but very well rested/happy parents . You can enjoy raising children as it should be-with a smile on your face . Buy it and you need no other book on this subject.Read and enjoy the book-and enjoy your babies from day one !!
 I found this book extremely helpful and it helped me teach my baby to sleep well at night and to nap during the day . She is four months-old and sleeps 11-12 hours at night and takes three good naps a day including one long midafternoon one . I keep refering back to the book for more insight and advise .
 I read this book with my first son and did n't want to try it cause it felt cruel and too rigid . But , nine months later no one was getting any sleep and when I tried the sleep methods in the book my son went to sleep in his crib and slept through the night . It took a couple days to get him used to the situation , but I wished I would have done it sooner . When we had our second child I thought I knew it all , but new sleep problems arose and again I turned to this book found the answers , did n't like them , but did them anyways and guess what ? They worked .
 we do not have a fussy baby so we used the Healthy Sleep Habits book . It is full of helpful information . It explains the science of sleep so you understand why you are doing what it suggests and how it works . Once we started sticking to the book 's suggestions , our baby became a much better sleeper . The only negative is that the book is not very well edited and is repetitive . Could be shorter , for sleep deprived new parents . The techniques in this book , combined with Happiest Baby on the Block , turned our somewhat easy baby into a dream baby .
 This book is incredible and a must-have for new parents . I recommend reading it before the baby is 5 weeks old . Everything Dr. Weissbluth said worked perfectly . It is an amazing book with very detailed techniques that fit for all types of babies . My baby slept through the night by 2 months old -LRB- she was big enough that this was ok -RRB- . She sleeps great at night and during the day , which makes her very happy when she is awake .
 This book saved my sanity so many times with my daughter . It tells you exactly what you should do about sleep at every age . I loved how it gave you an hour by hour breakdown of the day for each age range . I followed it to a T , and my daughter is a great sleeper and napper to this day ! I 've bought this as a gift for all my expecting friends.It looks like a daunting read at first , but you only need to find the chapters that apply to the age your child is at right now . Believe me , you will be turning to this book time and time again as your child changes . I feel so reassured by all the research in this book . It is not based on happy feelings , but on solid research .
 We were wanted to try and sleep train our daughter so that we could get some sleep , she found this book and decided to try it . Lo and behold , it worked , our daughter is now 19 months and she sleeps on her own and sleeps through the night and this has been going on since she was 5 months , so for us it works , it was a little tough at first and she cried and we would not go her but over the long run it works . Highly recommend , if anything for your sanity .
 This book helped me a lot as a first time mother to create a schedule for my son . When I was asking how long he should sleep everybody was so vague , and I could see my son was getting more and more tired by the day . Now at 4 months , he is sleeping much better . This book gave me a lot of confidence and insight . I especially enjoyed the parents ' testimonies and also the extensive research the writer made .
 I read a lot ... too much probably on baby stuff , anyway . I read several books about helping babies sleep . I appreciated Dr. Weissbluth 's so much -- he just tells you how sleep works . It 's non-judgemental and he 's not pushing a parenting-style agenda -LRB- most other books I read about sleep clearly did -RRB- ... just helpful tips whatever your style is . My little guy was n't napping at all , and just some of the suggestions he had have let to my 6-month old -LRB- 4 months adjusted age -- was a preemie -RRB- to 11 hours at night and 3 naps during the day of 1 to 2 hours . Now , the night sleeping he 's been doing for a while , but getting the naps worked out and helping have a more pleasant baby during the day we can thank Weissbluth for . A great read for first-time parents especially !
 This book was a God-Send ! Our son was only sleeping 10 hours maximum a day . He was fussy and irritable in the morning when he woke up . We did not realize how much sleep a baby needed . He is now sleeping 12 hours at night and taking 2 naps during the day . He is a very happy little boy and eager to go to bed at night . He wakes up happier and the fussiness has gone away . Dr. Weissbluth has excellent examples and stories shared by other parents . A MUST READ FOR ANYONE WITH A NEW LITTLE ONE !! GREAT GIFT IDEA FOR NEW PARENTS ! DR. W covers other topics also that I wish I new 11 months ago !! READ IT , IT WORKS!Lynn
 This book is amazing ! If your child is over 4 months old , skip through all the theory at the beginning of the book and get right to the age-appropriate sleep training chapters . I sleep trained 3 children -LRB- including my sister 's baby -RRB- using this method and am about to do it again when our newborn is old enough . We do n't have bedtime wars and my kids are so easy to put to bed . Whenever people are visiting and I step away to put my kids down for a nap or bedtime , they are always shocked at how smoothly it goes . My advice is to be consistent ! Follow the instructions in the book . It is excruciatingly difficult to hear your child cry , BUT IT IS WORTH IT . Remind yourself this when you are about to give in . Babies have brilliant minds and learn very quickly . I ca n't believe how many people have toddlers and kindergartners who ca n't sleep through the night . The methods in this book not only create happy children , they promote happy families . When was the last time you as a parent slept through the night ?
 As a first time mother , I had no idea what to do about sleep and naps.My Pediatrician told me that the childs naps were really for me -LRB- but why was the child so tired and cranky ? -RRB- . After reading this book , we followed it to the letter , and everything the Dr. said was right . We now have 2 very well rested daughters . I give this book to every new mom I know . If they follow it , they thank me . If they do n't , they call me and want to know why their kid is n't sleeping . My 5 year old and 3.5 year old STILL go to bed at 6:30 pm and sleep until 7 . You really owe it to your child to get them the rest they need to develop and grow into smart little peolple .
 This is a great book to understand why your baby is fussy . This book has some very good recommendations on how to help your baby sleep better and there is more than one way to do it . There are several strategies and you pick and choose which will work for your baby . I follow the 2-hour window rule and it worked like a charm . My son sleeps 12 hours at night and naps 3 times during the day for 1-2 hours . This book has really helped me sleep train my son .
 We absolutely loved this book . We rec 'd it from a friend and loved it and all the advise on teaching your baby to sleep by herself . I read every word numerous times and did all the techniques he taught . It was especially helpful knowing your small infant can usually stay up for no more than 2 hours at a time before needing a nap . It has totally revolutionized our sleeping habits and our daughter has slept thru the night -LRB- 7p-7a -RRB- since about 6 mos . I totally recommend it and even give it for shower gifts !
 Awesome product and awesome seller ! The seller processed this transaction quickly and efficiently . The books are great , and you 'll love working with this seller .
 Healthy Sleep Habits , Happy Child has been a lifesaver for me . I am a new mother , completely inexperienced in any sort of child care , and was dying from the lack of sleep that a new baby brings . Dr. Weissbluth 's theories and practices all worked . His basic theory is that children need to be trained to sleep - they do n't just come out of the womb knowing to sleep at night and how to nap during the day.One of the best things about this book is that he gives different tactics to use . He realized that `` one size fits all '' sleep training does n't work for every family and for every child . I personally could n't do the full detachment method -LRB- similar to crying it out -RRB- , so having other options worked for me . You can try a few different things to see what works for you.Dr . Weissbluth also realized that some parents perfer the `` family bed '' - having the child sleep in the same bed or room as the parents . While co-sleeping is n't recommended , Dr. Weissbluth does n't preach that it is wrong , he simply gives solutions to make it work . While I personally did not do any sort of co-sleeping , I have a friend who believed in doing it for cultural reasons . I was happy to find a book to recommend to her that would n't insult her beliefs.Dr . Weissbluth has an excellent writing style - he does not write based on his opinion , he writes based on fact . He does not put down certain ways of parenting , he simply and scientifically states what works.Some of the major -LRB- and important -RRB- things that this book will teach you : How to train your baby to fall asleep on her own . From 10 months , my daughter has slept 12 hours per night and taken 2-3 3-hour naps per day . I do n't rock her to sleep , let her sleep in her swing , etc. . I simply put her in her crib and she falls right to sleep.The importance of a regular schedule.The importance of always putting baby to bed in the same place -LRB- do n't just let her sleep anywhere -RRB- . The importance of a pre-bedtime routine - i.e. bathtime , story , song , then to bed.That babies need to sleep after 1-2 hours of wakefullness . I thought my daughter was getting hungry or fussy after being awake for 1-2 hours . I did n't always realize it was just that she was tired . I am now better able to read her cues.Tips for sleep issues later in life - napping , night terrors , etc , for older chidren.No one knows how valuable sleep is more than a new mom . Try this book - it will save your sanity.I now give this book at every baby shower I go to and I get so many thanks.I thought originally that I had an extemely fussy/colicky baby , which is why I bought this set with `` Your Fussy Baby '' . However , after getting the sleep thing figured out , she was n't extemely fussy/colicky anymore , so I have no review for the second book . It is a nice reference to have on hand for the next one , though .
 This is the best sleep book ! I got it when my first was 4 months old & it changed our household forever . Very solid practical advice on teaching parents about healthy sleep habits . I now give it to every new mother & strongly urge them to read it & follow it . The best part is that it gives you different options to get the same final result . Great read for all parents !
 I 've read far too many of these how to get your baby to get the perfect sleep books ! It gets confusing and frustrating , especially for a first time Mom . This book I ordered as I had my second baby and it just really made good sense , allowing for the different baby personality types . Wish I had had it with my first child who was harder and we went through the whole crying to sleep deal . I highly recommend this to anyone for understanding sleep and fussiness .
 This book was recommended to me by another mom . After the first couple of months of dealing with my first-born and very fussy baby , I was desperate for answers , guidance regarding fussy babies and found these books to be a very good resource . First I read -LRB- most of -RRB- Your Fussy Baby , then moved on to Healthy Sleep Habits , Happy Child . Both books are dense and contain a great deal of information , but also include action plans , and testimonials from other parents detailing their struggles with fussy babies and/or infant sleep issues and how Dr. Weissbluth 's recommendations assisted them . What I found particularly helpful in Your Fussy Baby were -LRB- i -RRB- the description of what is considered an `` extremely fussy '' baby -LRB- he prefers this term over the old-fashioned term `` colic '' and explains why -RRB- ; this obviously is helpful for determining whether you are dealing with a common fussy or an extremely fussy baby ; -LRB- ii -RRB- the section that debunks common myths about extreme fussiness ; if you are the parent of an extremely fussy baby , you have definitely heard these myths which are typically thrown at you in the form of suggestions and diagnoses by family and friends , and the books breaks down the fact/fiction behind each ; -LRB- iii -RRB- the action plan for exhausted parents that describes immediate steps you should take with your fussy baby ; and -LRB- iv -RRB- general discussion regarding factors that have been disproved as contributing to extreme fussiness and some of the current thinking regarding potential contributing factors , etc. . Before reading this book I was trying every/anything to calm my child , and this book gave me appropriate focus on what can actually help.Your Fussy Baby was helpful to me in that it helped validate the experience I was having with my child and helped alleviate the guilt/blame we were feeling as parents . However , Healthy Sleep Habits , Happy Child was a much more helpful book in terms of creating a game plan to resolve the sleep issues we were facing with our child . Dr. Weissbluth explains his theories and recommedations well , and provides action plans for implementation . I appreciated that the book is broken down into age groups , so that you can learn appropriate steps for each age and how to tailor your plan as your child ages . I struggled a bit with the organization of the book , however , in other areas -LRB- hence 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- . If you are the parent of an extremely fussy baby , you will have more reading to do than others because you need to pair his general sleep advice with the additional instructions/recommendations for extremely fussy babies . My husband and I often felt like we needed to jump back and forth between different sections of the book to be sure we had covered all the bases in developing a plan for our extremely fussy baby . However , the extra reading was worth it . Once our child reached 4-months we embarked on sleep training and within a week our child developed overnight sleep in his crib - admittedly , with two nursings overnight , but he goes right back to sleep in the crib -LRB- prior to the training he was in our bed and waking/feeding every 2-3 hrs -RRB- . And , he has established a nap schedule . We have seen a huge change - his awake time is now so much more pleasant . The book will provide you with the reasons why you need to sleep train a child with sleeping problems , and help you understand the consequences of poor sleep habits -- we found this to be very helpful `` support '' during a difficult period . Our pediatrician is also a fan of this book , and this was encouraging as well . We probably could have done the training w/o this book relying solely on our pediatrician 's instructions , but we are the type that want to know the theory and the back-up behind a particular approach , and this book provided just that . Having the theory made us more consistent and this makes the results come faster .
 Taffy of Torpedo Junction is one of the best books about WWII I have ever read ! It was action packed , there was nonstop suspense , and it takes place in North Carolina where I live . One exciting part of the book was when Taffy and her grandfather heard someone screaming in the wind during a large storm . When they went out to the beach to see what it was , Taffy stepped on a German sailor 's head ! This book was filled with great humor and excitement . I never wanted to stop reading so I could find out what adventure Taffy was going on next . I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good adventure about WWII on the Outer Banks
 TAFFY OF TORPEDO JUNCTION is about a 13 year old girl who lives on the Outer Banks off the N.C. coast during World War II . This book was exciting and easy to read . I would recommend this book to a friend because it gives the reader a chance to see how rough it was to live during a war . Taffy uncovers a group of German spies living on Hatteras and reveals their location .
 In Taffy of Torpedo Junction by Nell Wise Wechter , Taffy , a Hatteras native , and her dog Brandy show incredible courage when facing Nazi spies on Hatteras . This book is based on true events that occurred on North Carolina 's coast during World War II.I think that Nell Wise Wechter did a phenomenal job in depicting the events that gave the Harker 's Island area the name `` Torpedo Junction '' . This book constantly kept me on the edge of my seat , waiting for the next event . If you are a North Carolina native , or just live in North Carolina , this book is for you .
 I thought this book was a great book!Tells you what you want to know about ww2 and in a fun way wich I as a young reader like.What I most liked about this book was that it was very differant to other books because you usely know what 's going to happen but Taffy was very unpredictable ! I would definetly recomend this book to a friend because it was a thrilling adventure novel , and if you were looking for a history novel that gives the factd Taffy of Torpedo Junction is the one !!
 It was an excellant story about a girl , Taffy , who lived with her grandpa near Cape Hatteras during World War II . All the courage and adventures Taffy , her horse Sailor , and her dog Brandy have during this scarey time . Our favorite part was when Taffy was kidnaped by the Nazi spies , drugged , and tied up to be burned . But then Big Jens comes in and saves the day !! We talked about how dark it must have been when they had to put black cloth over their windows , and how they had no street lights . And how poor Taffy and her grandpa were but yet he let her keep the dog Brandy when she found him and how much love they had for each other .
 I was born and raised in the Carolinas . This story combines two of my loves
 The first time I experienced this book was back in 1980 . I am a native of NC and my 5th grade teacher read this book to our class that year . I can remember the anticipation of waiting to hear what would happen next . Just this week I was the mystery reader for my oldest 's 4th grade class . We could choose the book so I went on a hunt for this book . I remembered the title and as luck would have found it at my local library in Eagleville , PA. . I checked out the book and read it again . It was as good as I remembered it . I read a chapter from the book to the class and they all seemed to really enjoy it . Two of the students were going to the Outerbanks for vacation this summer so they thought it was neat to hear a story about the area . This is a really good story that gives a good feel for life in the mid 1940 's on the Outerbanks of NC . It also shows that WWII was closer to our shores than we may have ever realized ! This is definitely a great book to add to your elementary reader 's library .
 This book is a fun read . It does a great job of painting the Outer Banks culture with an interesting story set in WW2 . If you like to read and enjoy the OBX , you 'll like this one . -LRB- It is for young readers , though . -RRB-
 This is a very good book and you should get it . It 's very interesting and exciting and every minute , you 'll want to read more . - Ian , 4th Grade
 Taffy of Torpedo Junction is the fascinating story of a free-spirited young girl who roamed the Outer Banks of North Carolina with her pony `` Sailor '' and her boxer dog `` Brandy '' during World War II . During this nearly forgotten early phase of the war , German submarines were freely sinking ships and oil tankers in the Graveyard of the Atlantic off of Cape Hatteras.Taffy 's inquisitive nature gets her involved with and captured by some enemy agents in the exciting finale of the story.Written as Juvenile Fiction , Taffy can also be enjoyed by older persons with a young heart and an interest in an earlier American lifestyle on the undeveloped Outer banks.Taffy was modeled after the life of an original native who still tells the story of her early years to summer tourists on the Outer Banks of North Carolina . Parts of the narrative are written in the quaint old Elizabethan dialect that can still be heard in the smaller fishing villages along the coast .
 As an Outer Banks resident , this book is almost required reading for any young boy or girl growing up on the islands . Now that I am older and moved to California I read it to my students every year . It is well written , informative and entertaining . It always hold my class 's interest . It also allows me to go back to my own childhood once a year.One of the things I love about this book is that it shows to young students , especially boys , that they can write about a female character with style and power . My male students become much less afraid and much more respectful of girls after I read this.This is a wonderful book with great language and a fairly short read time . It can be read to someone in less than two weeks , or finished in a few days by a student on their own . Give it a try .
 I have always had a hard time enjoying a book . Taffy of Torpedo Junction was an exception . I read this in about the 6th grade and loved it ! I have family that lives on Cape Hatteras and have been vacationing there for as long as I can remember . I was hooked as soon as I began reading and could n't put it down until I was done . It was great reading a story about a young girl who faces danger and saves the day !
 This book is a wonderful book for people who are intested in the beach and WWII !! I liked this book because it was thrilling and exciting ! It always keeps your attention and you always know what it happening ! Nell Wise Wechter did a wonderful job ! You will find that the introduction is just as good as the book ! If you have not read this book , you should ! Now I know why it is on Battle of the Books for the year 2001 !
 well , actually she 's hunting for a mysterious heir who 's going to inherit a fortune , if she can find them . Devlin Rafferty is hiding in Ireland , trying to heal emotional wounds that threaten to tear him apart . Ultimately , Laura finds her heir , and a love she never believed possible on the Emerald Isle . But is Devlin 's love strong enough to overcome his pain ? I laughed , and I sniffled as I read Laura and Devlin 's story , Sex , Lies and Leprechauns . I 'll be watching for Renee Roszel 's new releases , and her extensive backlist .
 This book is useful for anyone doing maths at college . It summarizes just about everything and is good as a quick reference to refresh your memory on something . -LRB- It is also fun just to page through , and look at all the wierd things that mathematicians have come up with -RRB- . Another advantage is that if you are studying a section in maths that you are finding a little confusing or hard to grasp , the entry in this dictionary will give the important points . But do n't expect too much detail , which I think is the main drawback of the book .
 Anybody who regularly does math on a more-or-less advanced level will delight in this book ; it is exhaustive but managable -LRB- the size of a common pocket novel , really -RRB- and quite concise . Buyers should realize , of course , that books like these are not meant to learn you calculus or whatever ; instead , it is more of a helpful hand when you need it . Now , what was that formula for partial integration , again ... ?
 As a student studying mathematics , I find it very useul ! Packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , It 's a great quick reference guide . I found things in this guide that I could n't find in any other book or guide . Another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . Some things this guide helped me with is PARABOLAS , ELLIPSES , HYPERBOLAS , GAMMA FUNTION , ZETA FUNCTION , FEIGENBAUM NUMBER , THE GREEK ALPHABET , and much more . I thank David Nelson and Penguin Books for such excellent work .
 this was drop shipped as a gift so I did not see the item . I assume it was OK since I did not hear anything bad about it from the recipient .
 Simply put this is the best math dictionary out there for the high school level and for most college students . Maybe there are some more appropriate ones for upper level college math/science students . I have found the descriptions and links in the text very clear and appropriate for most students . I greatly prefer this one over the Oxford math dictionary.I highly recommend it for high school math students -LRB- and make sure you keep it until you are done with college -RRB- . When more detail is needed beyond this text there 's always google .
 As a student studying mathematics , I find it very useul ! Packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , It 's a great quick reference guide . I found things in this guide that I could n't find in any other book or guide . Another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . Some things this guide helped me with is PARABOLAS , ELLIPSES , HYPERBOLAS , GAMMA FUNTION , ZETA FUNCTION , FEIGENBAUM NUMBER , THE GREEK ALPHABET , and much more . I thank Penguin Books for such excellent work .
 This is a great cultural book ! I recommend it ! I agree that we should have more books like this as required texts for Filipino-American history , Asian American history classes , and sociology classes .
 she is angela jackson from woodside california , by way of chicago , by way of woodville mississipi , born from the goddess ... her poems speak blues , religion , jazz , down-home cooking , long lasting sugar kisses and journeys by astral travelling . she is a spider walking across the face of history a spook opening her heart to reveal her family secrets ... this book is poignant , powerful , sexy , and shows the capabilities of lamguage when placed with someone who has respect for it ... very few poetry books have moved me ... this one does ...
 After discovering Charlotte Zolotow 's `` Big Sister , Little Sister '' we were seeking out more of her books and found this one . Another keeper!Big brother is always teasing little sister - pretending to take her things , pretending scary things are around , etc. . But one day little sister is enjoying herself coloring , and rather than getting upset she stops to see that he 's just teasing . Before long , big brother sees that his teasing is n't having his usual effect and colors with her.I sincerely hope it becomes more widely available . Every little girl with a big brother needs to hear this one .
 After all the decades of my life , I have found the perfect cookbook . The recipes are simple , but it is all in the doing . For example , the way to prepare a pot roast is clear and very simple , but it is all in the way to do it which leads to the best ever potroast that I have made five times now . The amount of cholesterol in this book may make you blanch , but cover the eyes of your doctor and just do it . Eat lots of salad in addition as penance and you can get away with the wonderful recipes of this book from the 40 's .
 Like all of Mary Lasswell 's books , this cookbook is loads of fun . There are receipts for many of the meals that are discribed in the novels . The receipts themselves are very usable , and the comments that go along with the receipts are fun especially for Lasswell fans .
 Ken Harvey 's stories have appeared in numerous literary journals . If You Were With Me Everything Would Be All Right , his first book , collects a baker 's dozen . Every story is a polished gem sparkling with insight into ordinary people 's extraordinary lives . With quiet dignity lonely characters struggle with the human condition in a world where comic relief is dark , bizarre , and inscrutable.Harvey , winner of this year 's Violet Quill Award , read `` Mr. Bubble , I Love You '' at the award ceremony . In it , twelve year-old Ho focuses his nascent homosexuality upon a gentle , meticulous older man he nicknames Mr. Bubble , who `` always smiled and smelled of soap '' at his session with Ho 's therapist mother . But Mr. Bubble 's attentions are only polite indulgences of a child , Ho learns sadly , when he spies Mr. Bubble at lunch doting on his girlfriend.Most of the stories are set in Lynn , Massachusetts , and each main character appears to fit into family and community . Privately , though , all feel abandoned -- disconnected from the very relationships in which they yearn for comfort . In the title story , pragmatic Owen and romantic Arthur are at odds in their long-term relationship , each awkwardly trying to reach the other but floundering , `` where nothing seems young , not you , not love , not even death . '' Theo -LRB- `` 331/3 '' -RRB- , whose wacky family celebrates RPM anniversaries , will soon be 331/3 - and feels unmoored by his lover 's indifference . Uncle Vincent -LRB- `` Mariposa '' -RRB- envies young Joey , who easily chooses gender reassignment while Vincent , who came out at 40 , feels `` he was given a credit card without a spending limit , but the only store he could shop in had just had major liquidation sales '' and he had to settle for what was left . Kevin -LRB- `` Tipping Cows '' -RRB- wants to love his deviant father who seemed `` born without a gene that gave you the ability to love . '' And in `` The Near Occasion '' Andrew , himself gay , tries unsuccessfully upon his mother 's death to re-connect with the father who abandoned them for another man , and thinks , `` I began the day burying one parent and am ending it burying another . `` Ken Harvey wastes no words , and with leavening humor , fluent dialog , brilliant figurative language , believably bizarre situations , and living characters makes his stories swell the heart long after their reading . His is the art of the short story at its very best .
 This book of stories walks that incredibly fine line between laughing and crying . Knowing you should n't laugh at others ' misfortune , you are nonetheless unable to hold back . Mr. Harvey has found a way to see the humor in the everyday lives of the displaced ; each new tale brings further understanding . By all means , find a warm corner of the porch and settle in for a wonderful read .
 Ken Harvey 's book , IF YOU WERE WITH ME , EVERYTHING WOULD BE ALL RIGHT , is not to be missed . Each story is an entity onto itself . I had to pause between each to digest the layers and the characters . They are haunting . Ken is brilliant in his portrayal of what makes us human . He captures the essence of childhood , love and pain . The stories work together beautifully . Where is this man 's novel ?? Do not hesitate -- go buy this book !
 There are many novels and short stories that never receive the attention they so rightly deserve . Especially this extraordinary piece of literature . I cried , laughed out loud , and cheered on the quirky characters in this collection of short fiction . Harvey writes with an immeasurable amount of determination that I have never seen before . It is two months later and I am still thinking about these characters . That is talent.Thank you , Mr. Harvey , for all the great late-night reads.Matthew
 This is not what my life has been like , yet it is exactly what my life has been like . And is n't that the definition of great writing
 the book explores homosexuality , gender , and transgender themes -LRB- among others -RRB- . for those of us whose lives already include queer issues , it is refreshing to look beyond their socio-political context , and just enjoy a good book.those who are new to queer culture are exposed to its humanity with an accesable writing style .
 This book is a series of short essays about the elements that contribute to good advertising . The 22 `` laws '' are really not laws at all . Each one is an informative , inspirational article about a particular point in advertising 's creative or management process . Separate contributors wrote each of the 22 `` laws . '' Author Michael Newman identifies each writer as an accomplished ad industry pro . As a result , this book offers some good examples of ads from a worldwide perspective , which is especially important since the industry seems to be floundering globally . The essays are short , often interesting , but sometimes unevenly focused . Some contributors took their assignment more seriously than others did , and a few should never have even made it into the book . But we think most advertising professionals will find something inspirational here .
 This book helped my other half and I spend time in the room I spend most of my time . We have learned how to cook together through trial and error , but this book is a great guide for us . The recipes are a little more difficult than I would have tried on my own , and are fantastic , we have enjoyed most of them so far !
 My husband and I had the best Valentine 's day ever ! It was so much fun and our 4 year old was a great help . I plan to buy four more books for friends and family members who like to cook together .
 This book really brought my boyfriend and I into the kitchen together . Now , every meal is a pleasure instead of work -LRB- he even cooks me dinner a few nights a week -RRB- ! We 've learned to take time and enjoy it . Cooking is fun and every moment together should be just that . Pay close attention when you 're told to toast your date while cooking . Romance in the kitchen can happen thanks to Martha !
 This book helps couples do what they are missing in this world today - things together . I love the opportunity it gives for each person to have a responsibility - it helps with those who are struggling to communicate . It is a perfect date book , a perfect communication book and oh , it 's a great cook book too !
 I would recommend this product to anybody ! It is a great thing to have for any relationship . The recipes are truly delicious , and they are split nicely into tasks for Chef 1 and tasks for Chef 2 . I would much rather stay in and have a `` dinner date '' than go out to a restaurant , because not only do these meals taste better , but it also feels great knowing that you were the chef ! Neither me nor my girlfriend have any cooking experience , but the recipes are detailed enough to allow us to create some great meals . The only drawbacks are that the meals can be quite expensive in some cases -LRB- needing to buy over $ 100 in ingredients for one meal -RRB- , and that in some instances the author leaves out some ingredients you may need for the meal on the ingredients list . I would just recommend doing a quick run through of the plan for the night to make sure you have everything necessary.Pros
 Great book ! We have only done one recipe so far but we were in sync the whole time ! Very fun and easy to do and it tasted great !
 I have this cookbook and I love it and want to buy it for another couple . The recipes are really fun , very good , and well organized . But $ 99 -- what the heck ? Does n't anyone sell a new copy of this for less ??
 We barely made it through the first course . Just reading the recipes aloud to one another set our buns on fire . A saucy melange of ingredients , arrayed ever so sensually on the table before us , made this a VERY SPECIAL NIGHT . A little simmer , then a rolling boil ! Here 's some advice
 This cookbook is great fun for couples who enjoy working together to produce something
 This is a great book for people who do n't want to spend a bundle on a dinner date , but still want to have a special evening . The food is very tasty and the menus , including wine , are well balanced . Also , the instructions are easy enough for my kitchen-clueless boyfriend to follow . Most importantly , cooking these meals together created very low-stress , romantic evenings . Be sure to treat it like a `` real '' date -LRB- candles , flowers , and fun music -RRB- and you 'll have a great time .
 my new husband and i adore this book ! i have given it as a gift to so many of our couple friends . the pages are worn and spattered with food as we fight over the book while cooking all the delicious meals together . my husband , who does n't like to cook , loves preparing these meals with me ! he loves the way it all comes together at the end , and we dont have to determine who does what , its all detailed for chef 1 and chef 2 . we have had so many wonderfully romantic and fun nights together thanks to this book . my only complaint is that there 's not a dinner dates 2 , 3 , 4 etc. we are almost done with this book and would love to buy more !
 Finally , a cookbook that lets us cook together ! The recipes are great , the instructions are clearly described for two people , and the meals are delicious . Cooking has never been more fun . The pork roast is fabulous . We 're looking forward to preparing the Ultimate Valentines Day dinner . We also loved the `` Marinating the Chef '' concept .
 I got this book for my boyfriend one Valentine 's Day and we have enjoyed it thoroughly . Each date includes all the recipes for a complete meal , and the shopping and equipment lists at the beginning of each section are really helpful . The recipes are very easy to follow and hard to screw up , so there are plenty of opportunities to connect with your date through conversation -LRB- or otherwise ! -RRB- Every time we 've cooked with this book it 's led to a delicious meal and a fun , romantic evening - I highly recommend it !
 What a fabulous way to spend the evening together ... in the kitchen ... and not kill each other ! Romantic and playful , the cooking is the fun part , but the food is amazing !! I wish she would write another one !
 When I bought this book , my lover and I were having problems . There were so few things that we would do together . I do n't give this book complete and total credit for bringing us back together but it sure did help us to work together . And create such great food , too !
 This cookbook is absolutely wonderful . My husband and I have thoroughly enjoyed the evenings we have spent together cooking . My husband was n't too keen on staying in on a Friday night , especially to cook , however , once the evening got started , we both had a blast . Now he is asking when is the next time we are going to spend our Friday night cooking ! In addition , the recipes are top notch . We also enjoy the drink selections recommended . This book has been a wonderful gift to other couples !
 I was delighted that the timing and food worked out so well . I typically have a tough time serving everything hot at the same time . While we were enjoying our dinner , the poached pears were simmering on the stove . Fantastic !
 What a wonderful icebreaker ! If there 's someone you 've been trying to get to know better , I ca n't think of a better way to take that last step than inviting them to try one of the recipies in this charming book.Fans of 1997 's Intercourses will find this an interesting companion piece
 This book is what good fantasy is all about . Moorcock 's imagination is unlimited , and he has created a huge world in which to set his characters . The depth of his writing is quite admirable . ` The Knight of the Swords ' tells of Prince Corum , who is the last living member of his race . He suffers from a burning desire for vengeance on those who killed his family , and his adventures are fraught with danger and more importantly , meaning.Moorcock is an exceptionally intelligent author , and he juggles the concepts of good and evil with ease , weaving them into a dazzling and complex tapestry . His style of writing might be seen as slightly archaic , but the story is ever-changing , and dynamic enough to capture the reader 's interest and hold it .
 Do n't fret that this book is out of print . It is currently available , along with the other two books of The Swords Trilogy -LRB- The Queen of the Swords and The King of the Swords -RRB- , in an omnibus edition published by White Wolf entitled Corum
 Moorcock notes that this is one of the only times he used a historical type of setting for a series , because he was stuck with a not so good Cornish-English dictionary , partly.Corum Jhaelen Irsei , the Prince in the Scarlet Robe , is one of the last of the Vhadhagh , a race that is a precursor to the Mabden , or man.The Lords of Chaos are not too pleased with Corum , as he is siding with the men , which could do bad things to their power base . You would not expect any less from The Eternal Champion , though .
 The Knight of Swords is a good book . This series is dark , but not as dark as the ELric books . Unlike the albino , Corum is able to find some peace with Rhalina . Of course , knowing Moorcock this will probably be shattered as the series goes on .
 This is the first in the corum series , it introduces the characters , and sets up the plot for the series of six books . highly recommende
 I am glad to read this book , which is produced very aesthetically with stunning color and black and white photographs . The book forms a suitable companion to Kenoyer 's `` Cities of the Indus Civilization '' . It contains neatly divided sections and chapters on various topics -LRB- e.g. Pottery , textiles , metallurgy , town planning -RRB- . It does not confine itself to just a dry description of artifacts and excavated towns - the discusion is skilfully supplemented by insights from cultural and social anthropology and other tools of theoritical archaeology . The author does a commendable job in showing the survival of the vital traits of the civilization down to our present times in India and Pakistan - whether it is houseplanning , village carts , ladles and coonches for pouring oblations in sacred ritual fire and so on . With the current acedemic climate being vitiated by virtiolic disputes over the nature of this civilization , the author manages to steer clear of the controversies , and manages to give a very consistent , accurate , insightful account that is quite understandable to the lay reader.The author is a practicing archaeologist , with excavation experience in India and Pakistan . It is hoped that she will continue writing on the Indus Civilization in the years to come .
 A Peaceful Dream
 `` A Peaceful Realm '' by Jane McIntosh is an excellent introduction to the Indus Valley Civilization , a mysterious high culture that florished 4000 years ago in the northwestern part of the Indian sub-continent . The author summarizes what I take to be the current scholarly thinking about the Indus culture.The book is intended for the general reader , but since it 's written from an archeological perspective , some people may found it boring . Brace yourself for an over-view of excavations , excavations and even more excavations ! Jane McIntosh is obviously not a journalist ... Still , I give the book four stars , because it 's very informative and fascinating , and the archeological perspective is inevitable anyway . Since most written records of the Indus Valley Civilization have been lost , and those that remain are undeciphered , most of what we can know about this ancient culture is due to ... well , archeological excavations.There are at least three things that make the Indus culture mysterious . First , it was a highly developed civilization with large cities -LRB- the largest had perhaps 100,000 inhabitants -RRB- , a uniform culture , and a well-developed division of labor , including vast trade networks . This suggests some kind of empire with a large and efficient state administration . Yet , nobody has been able to find the rulers of the Indus people ! There are no royal palaces , no cult statues of kings , and all burials were relatively simple . Also , all people seem to have been well-nourished , suggesting the non-existence of an underclass . This has led some daring people to suggest that the Indus civilization was relatively egalitarian , making it a curious anomaly among high cultures . McIntosh does n't go that far . She believes that a ruling class did exist , and suggests other reasons for why it remains invisible in the archeological record . Perhaps the rulers were a caste of ascetic priests , whose ruling function was marked precisely by the absence of any worldy goods ? The Indus peoples may also have showed their rank in ways we do n't comprehend today . Studies of burials and sculptures suggest that jewelry or bracelets may have been used to denote rank , and seals with different animal motifs may have been caste symbols . Curiously for a culture ruled by priests , there are no temples either ! At Mohenjo-Daro , a large structure known as the Great Bath have been uncovered , which may have been a kind of sanctuary for ritual purification , but this remains an educated guess.Second , the Indus Valley culture was completely peaceful , and this peace seems to have lasted for at least 700 years , maybe more ! This too is almost unique among high cultures , and indeed among `` primitive '' cultures as well . The towns of the Indus peoples did have large walls , but they were not defensive , but built mostly to impress , and perhaps to make sure that merchants moving in and out of the towns paid the proper dues . There is no evidence that the walls were ever attacked or destroyed by foreign armies . Nor are there any remains of a developed military technology , no siege engines for instance , and the weapons found were probably used for hunting . That a hierarchical , priest-ridden empire could be peaceful is counter-intuitive , and sounds almost to good to be true , but this is what the archeological record suggests . Nor was the Indus Valley Civilization brutally destroyed by invading Indo-Aryans , as once assumed . It seems that the civilization broke down for other reasons , including ecological disasters and a shift in agriculture , which eventually turned the once prosperous cities into backwater slums , eventually forcing the inhabitants to abandon them.The third mystery of this culture is the Indus script , which nobody has been able to decipher -LRB- yet -RRB- . McIntosh is confident that the script records an agglutinative language , which in an Indian context would mean a Dravidian language . Other linguistic evidence also suggests that the Dravidians settled in India before the Indo-Aryans , making the Indus culture the obvious candidate for a Dravidian culture . One fact not mentioned by the author is that genetic evidence confirms that Dravidians came to India earlier than the Indo-Europeans . The claim that the Indus Valley Civilization was Dravidian is controversial , especially in modern India , where various nationalist groups among both Dravidians and Indo-Aryans try to claim the Indus peoples for themselves . In America , there are Black groups which claim that the Indus peoples were Africans . -LRB- The aboriginal peoples of India may have been related to Negritos , Papuans and Australian Aborigines -RRB- . Still , the case for the Indus-Saraswati cultures being Dravidian seems rock-solid . It also seems as if later Indian religion -LRB- `` Hinduism '' -RRB- is a mixture of Indus and Aryan elements . While the religion of the Indus culture is difficult to interpret in the absence of written records , it seemed to include worship of cows or buffalo , mother godesses , the cult of Shiva or Durga , yoga , ritual purification through water , stellar worship based on astronomical observations -LRB- the author mentions this piece of information only in passing ! -RRB- , and perhaps even fire altars . When the Aryans entered the Indian sub-continent , they took with them their own gods , such as Indra or Vishnu , other kinds of rituals , and eventually wrote the Vedic scriptures . Together , these strands united to form Hinduism as practiced today.Of course , the Indus Valley Civilization raises a lot of philosophical questions . How can a hierarchical society be benign and peaceful ? How can a ruling class refrain from show off its wealth or power ? Was there even a ruling class ? And if not , how did these peoples get along so well together ? -LRB- Perhaps precisely because of that ? -RRB- McIntosh does n't answer these questions.They are left for the reader to ponder ... -LRB- For more on the Indus Valley culture , see the commentary section below ! -RRB-
 Wonderful ! . Excellent ! . It left me stunned with spontaneous tears of joy !!! . I am a Tamil speaking Dravidian and could not differ on her theory of continuity of Indus culture in the present day South India.For example , Lord Shiva , a Dravidian God , is being worshiped till today . -LRB- Yogi Indus seal in Harappa -RRB- Lord Shiva is also mentioned in our old Tamil epics.The recent discovery of iron age tools with Indus Script in Nagapattinam , South Tamilnadu has proved beyond doubt that South Indian Dravidian culture is in fact Indus !!! . She seems to have a deep understanding of our culture . Hats off to her ! .
 The overused adjective `` mysterious '' certainly applies to the ancient Indus Valley civilization , because far less is known about these people than about other ancient civilizations such as Egypt and Mesopotamia . Much basic excavation work remains to be done , and the Indus Valley script remains undeciphered.Author Jane McIntosh meets this challenge by combining the best of current scholarship with her own wide-ranging and thoughtful analysis , to produce an appropriately tentative , yet consistent and plausible , view of the Indus civilization . In the author 's own words , `` it was an exceptionally well integrated state , in harmony with its environment , where warfare was absent and everyone led a comfortable existence under the benevolent leadership of a dedicated priesthood . '' These conclusions are developed step-by-step throughout the book , with chapters on the rise and fall of the Indus civilization , farming , crafts , urbanization , religion , society , writing , trade , and contributions to the later civilization of India.The writing throughout is clear , understandable , and objective . The author includes and evaluates an impressive variety of types of evidence , from archaeology to anthropology and linguistics , and approaches this controversial subject with a disciplined , yet open and undogmatic , mind.In a field where so much remains to be done , it is always possible that future discoveries will radically change our view of the Indus civilization . `` A Peaceful Realm '' is an excellent synthesis of current knowledge about Indus studies , and can be recommended to anyone interested in the Indus in particular or ancient civilizations in general .
 I bought this book along with two others to get a better understanding of the Mature Harappan civilization of the Indus valley . Professor McIntosh provides a thorough interpretation of the evidence of archaeological excavations , and uses the society and customs of later India to support some of her conclusions on the various aspects of the Harappan civilisation.The following is a summary of the contents of the each chapterINTRODUCTION - An overview of the development of the 4 Bronze Age civilizations of the Indus , Egypt , Mesopotamia , and China with a useful comparative time-line summary of each .1
 This work is essential a display piece that corresponds well with McIntosh 's other major publication , ` The Ancient Indus River Valley . ' It has more of an introductory/layman feel to it , with a little less emphasis on archaeological data . This is the sort of thing one would purchase at a museum , rather than a bookstore . Not that I want to denature its marketability ! McIntosh is a very thoughtful and level-headed writer , which is perfect for a subject as touchy as Indian archaeology . I would recommend this book , but turn the more serious enthusiast to her main textbook on the subject .
 I reread this book recently . I was dazzled when I read it a few years ago . The most important impression it left was that the ancient Indus/Saraswati Civilization was not only civilized but peaceful . No convincing evidence had been found as of 2002 that there had been the kind of inequality and violence associated with other great civilizations . No evidence has been found of an aggrandized ruling class supported by armed force . There is no evidence of wars of conquest to enlarge and enrich the elite . It appeared to be a very widespread and prosperous culture without those features . It was apparently administered by Priests who built temples but not palaces.When I mentioned this at the time at a meeting of the local Archaeology Society , the expert speaker dismissed my question with `` Conclusions ca n't be made at this stage from what has not been found '' . Well , time has passed , much more digging has been done and the major conclusion that has been drawn is that the so called Aryan invasion never happened . There was plenty of population movement and extensive trade , but no invasion . The Indus / Saraswati Civilization also seems to be much older than previously supposed and was not only peaceful , but the common people shared in its prosperity . In fact , according to Feuerstein , Kak & Frawley -LRB- In Search of the Cradle of Civilization -RRB- , it was just as influential as the ancient civilizations of the Middle East . While the script has not been deciphered , the custom of having a whole class of people devoted to memorizing and preserving the Vedic literature in tact from ancient times , seems to have given us a more ancient record than even the Bible.While I recommend both books highly , the breathtaking illustrations in A Peaceful Realm make it my first choice .
 it appears that except Indologist everybody else know how to read mtDNA findings . nowhere in the book I could read the recent breakthrough about the lack of genetic evidence on Aryan invasion and migration . and after concluding that Indus valley had the evidence of fire place , shiva and shakti seals and so on , she then again go back to the imaginary of how European white Aryan descended to the black Dravidian world of Indus valley . if that is how Westerner try to write history of other cultures , I myself being a westerner feel very sorry for my own people . The bottom line is this
 A ver concise and well-illustrated look at the ancient Indus Valley .
 Steven Vincent left us a straightforward and balanced account of daily life in post-Saddam Iraq . He mixes history , observation , dialogue and daily experience in a remarkably fluid account of his travels through the war-torn nation . His narrative gives the world a glimpse into the complicated conflicts of ruling Iraq under one united government , living with the American and British occupation , and subduing radical forces with no concern for the sanctity of a human life . Mr. Vincent gave his all .
 When I heard the news reports of author Steven Vincent 's death I knew I must read his book.No matter if you are for or against the war in Iraq , this is a must read . Vincent believes , Democracy is the answer to Iraq 's many problems . You might disagree , but his vivid accounts of the people he meets and their feelings towards America from the pro Bush Kurds to the many anti American interviews gives you both sides of the picture from the red zone.His relationship with his Basra interpreter Nour allows us into the difficult world of being a women , in Iraq . `` Why do n't you find some way to leave Iraq ? '' asked Vincent . `` Someday , perhaps . I will find a man who will marry me with the understanding that once we leave the country , we will divorce . Until then , I must fight for democracy and show the world the liberal face of Islam . '' Nour was also shot with Vincent . I pray that she survives.Why was Mr. Vincent killed ? Vincent 's describes that during his lecture to the Basra based Union of Iraqi Writers and Journalists on freedom of the press he was taught an important lesson in democracy by the Iraqis . After his talk , he felt `` something had n't clicked '' . An Iraqi reporter approached Vincent after the talk and warned `` You underestimate the problems we face here . You talk about freedom , but Iraqi journalists are still not free . If we go too deep into some stories , we will anger certain people -- and they will kill us . ''
 Although he died while free-lancing in Iraq , I am thankful that this great journalist was able to write this book before he left us . It is an extremely interesting look at life in Iraq , the Iraqi people , and the challenges we face there . I 'm sorry about his untimely death , and wish he could have stayed around to write many more compelling and inspiring books such as this one . God bless his family and bless the memory of this brave man .
 For anyone who still does not understand why we are in Iraq today , may I suggest this fantastic book , written by a journalist who gave his life to allow us to really understand what is going on in Iraq . Before you believe all the hatred and negative analysis of the war in Iraq from the press , the America haters and the Islamofascits , read this book.This book allows us to understand what the man on the street -LRB- Cab Drivers here -RRB- really think of the American liberation of their country.What do these liberals really know about life in Iraq before Saddam was toppled ? Did they actually talked to the people who had to endure his tyranny , his torture chambers , and his death squads ? Did they talked to the people who were massacred by the thousands ? Where were they when their appeals for human rights were so needed ? Do they really undertand what is going on in the Middle East ? Do they really believe that all we want is their oil ? Have they talked to the soldiers who are putting their lives on the line for us ? Do they really understand anything ? Or is it just cliches that they repeat over and over ? Steven Vincent , right after 9/11 , unlike the critics , decided to go to Iraq and live among the people who matter the most here . The people who are right in the middle of it . Sometimes he tells us comical stories , like the one time he was meeting the pompous Canadian star , or the Code Pink women 's group . What is not funny though , is their total ignorance on historical facts and their stupidity , which is actually dangerous.Before I read this book , I knew a lot about Iraq , I also understood the real consequences of not acting before the terrorists regained their strength , but I was not a 100 % sure that liberating Iraq was really needed . Now , my mind is clear , and I support it 150 % . America has a lot at stake here , and not only will we succeed , but we will participate in making the lives of 30 million Iraqis better and more secure . That is a noble cause enough for me.Cindy Sheehan lost her son in the war . we are all very sorry for her loss , but he died a hero and he will be remembered , for ever , as one of the soldiers who gave his life for the protection of his country , for the liberation and the hope of millions of young Iraqi children . Because , you see , it is about the children and their future . One more thing here , for the children of Iraq freedom can not have come sooner.Thank you Steven for your work of courage and for allowing us to understand what is really going on in Iraq.The terrorist took away his life , but they ca n't take away his words.God bless him .
 This book manages to deliver a concise , beautifully written account of Iraq , as seen through the eyes of Iraqis and foreigners living there in the early post-Saddam years . We hear from Iraqi men and women of all backgrounds , American `` activists '' , soldiers , policemen , and clerics ... to name but a few!Mr . Vincent begins his journey on the highway that leads from Jordan to Baghdad . This highway gives the reader a pretty good idea of what Iraq as a whole will be like . On it , shiny SUVs and junkmobiles alike zoom at breakneck speed through the desert , avoiding roadside thieves and potholes . Should travelers need a break , they can lounge on one of countless picnic tables installed in years past on this road by Saddam 's `` planners '' , and refresh themselves with blasts of wind and sand under the 116 degree sun.The author travels to Baghdad , the Sunni triangle , Kirkuk , Basra , and to the Holy Shia cities in the south . He reports the views of the cynics , and the disillusioned , as well as those of the -LRB- not at all scarce -RRB- intrepid optimists who persist in believing in the possibility of a democratic Iraq.Mr . Vincent does n't mince words as he describes the many unpleasant and even horrible scenes he finds throughout the country , but also of the growing pockets of Iraq reclaimed from destruction . Throughout he gives a very even-handed account , such that we can identify with both foreigners and locals , and with passionate Iraqis on opposite sides of many ideological wars.I found his chapter on the Shiite pilgrimages and holidays , excellent . -LRB- In order to gain entry to these , he poses as an American Shiite , and must recite boilerplate Muslim creed in his broken Arabic -RRB- . Here , we join him in his immersion and admiration of the Shiites ' as he recounts their history of perseverence in the face of centuries of Sunni domination , but we also join him as he confides his more cynical verdicts on the Shia glorification of bloodshed and death he witnesses during several religious celebrations.I also found his chapters on life in Basra outstanding . Here Mr. Vincent recounts his experience under the wing of a brave and iconoclastic Muslim woman , Nour , a Basra native . As his guide , she risks her reputation and indeed her life -LRB- she receives serial threats from those who view her as out of line -RRB- , as she guides him to interviews with mullahs , fanatics , moderates , opportunists , party figures , and soldiers , and translates for him their warnings , criticisms , and their ... occasional admiration , accompanied by pleas to carry on , and report the truth about Iraq and their dreams for its renewal as a nation finally free from dictatorship to us , the future readers of their story .
 Freelance journalist Vincent first visited Iraq in September 2003 . While other reporters sheltered in insulated compounds or heavily-fortified hotels of the `` Green Zone , '' he lived and traveled in the `` Red Zone , '' that is without security and among ordinary Iraqis . In all , Vincent has penned one of the best-written accounts of post-Saddam Iraq , one of the few that captures the debates , issues , and contradictory emotions that Iraqis are juggling.In the Red Zone fills a void left by the many think-tank pundits , academics , and journalists who wrote books in the wake of Saddam 's fall , where the Iraqi voice is often lost . Vincent 's account has the advantage of bringing to light his encounters with ordinary Iraqis . Among other experiences , he was in Karbala when a series of bombs killed 140 in the city in March 2004 ; and while traveling in Basra , he was briefly interrogated by U.S. intelligence . He makes no attempt to cover the minutiae of daily Iraqi politics but instead takes a big-picture approach.That said , In the Red Zone has its limitations . There is little discussion of the Kurdish issue and minor errors of fact pop up -- for example , the date when Iran 's Safavid dynasty began.In contrast to the usual journalistic practice of adding color to an article by including an occasional man-on-the-street interview , usually conducted by an Iraqi assistant , Vincent provides a deeper insight into Iraqis . He introduces the reader to Qasim , a Baghdad art gallery owner who , because of a club foot , managed to avoid the carnage of the Iran-Iraq war ; Assad al-Abady , deputy director of the Iraqi National Organization for Human Rights ; a secular Sunni woman torn between her love of freedom and the `` humiliation '' of having it delivered by foreigners ; a Fallujah policeman who swears blood lust against Americans after U.S. soldiers kill his son ; a Shi'ite taxi driver still euphoric over liberation ; and a Christian woman in Basra whom Vincent later learns had been raped in her youth by Saddam 's police.Vincent also spent time with foreigners . He details a long conversation with a Canadian antiwar activist who lectured him about U.S. `` human rights violations '' but would not condemn insurgent terrorist attacks on Iraqi civilians or visit Saddam 's mass graves . Vincent also describes a surrealistic encounter with CodePink , an American peace group , during which one member doubted that Saddam really was that bad . He also notes the Iraqi reaction to Western peace groups . `` How can people accept for so long the crimes of a dictator , then rise up to try and stop a war begun to remove that dictator from power ? '' one Iraqi lawyer asked . `` Antiwar activists should examine their consciences . `` Michael RubinMiddle East QuarterlySummer 2005
 EXCELLENT , VERY INSTRUCTIVE AND MOVING . A TRUE INSIDE TRAVEL THROUGH IRAK CURRENT PROBLEMS AND MINDS .
 Just read in washington post - -LRB- ... -RRB- In another incident , an American journalist was shot and killed in the southern city of Basra , the Reuters news agency reported.Steven Vincent , author of `` In the Red Zone
 Today we lost the author of this excellent book and some remarkable pieces of journalism in the Christian Science Monitor and the New York Times . So my review to this book will be marked -LRB- and dated -RRB- by the event of his killing.Marked by 9/11 in NY , Steven Vincent decided to try to understand why so many people hate us to the point to attack and kill completely innocent people . By writing , he wanted to share with all of us what he was seeing and learning so more people could understand.He had the courage to go to Iraq and live in no `` greenzones '' or armored protection so he could better understand what the Iraqis think , feel and have to go through everyday . This book recounts his personal experiences and his thoughts -LRB- `` understandings '' -RRB- while on his first two journeys there . I can assure you that by reading this book , you 'll change your views , whatever they are , about the War on Terror , the War in Iraq and the Middle East conflict -LRB- s -RRB- . On a final note
 I met Steven Vincent days after In the Red Zone had been submitted to the publisher . His personal reflections from 9/11 , when he stood atop his apartment building and watch the second plane hit , brought tears to my eyes . But that was nothing compared to his remarkable insight into Iraq from his journeys there . Fresh from returning and putting his thoughts into written form , he regaled me for hours with what he learned and what all Americans must know about Iraq . I can not recommend In the Red Zone more highly .
 I 'm halfway through this book and I 'm blown away . Mr. Vincent writes in a style that is engrossing and well done . I have had a hard time putting this book down -LRB- I started it yesterday ! -RRB- I read both of Karl Zinmeister 's excellent books on the Iraq war and post-war from the inbedded side , along with the troops . Mr Vincent gives us the Iraqi civilian side of things AND adds his perspective as he goes along and bears witness to all encounters.I could n't recommend a better and more timely book for what is going on in Iraq . I already look forward to his next installment . Thank you Mr. Vincent for an excellent effort .
 Rebeccasreads highly , highly recommends IN THE RED ZONE as a vital read for our time , offering clues to the utterly incomprehensible , to Western minds , dichotomy existing in the Middle Eastern mindset.No matter your politics or world view , IN THE RED ZONE offers real-life -LRB- as opposed to objective journalistic reportage -RRB- glimpses of how everyday Iraqis view America & the Coalition soldiers -- `` It was n't OUR fault this madman -LSB- Saddam Hussein -RSB- got in here . Thanks for getting rid of him -- now , how soon are you going to repair our house ? '' -LRB- p. 73 -RRB- & at the same time highlights the tragic conflicts -LRB- Sunni vs Shia ; Arab vs Jew -RRB- within their own world view.IN THE RED ZONE is a riveting personal account that grips you from start to finish . You will be amazed , alarmed , angered , & moved to tears . Steven Vincent 's writing is fluent & thoughtful , evocative & funny -- `` We have to laugh about our lives , or we 'll go mad . '' Qasim said . '' -LRB- p. 38 -RRB- . Steven Vincent went to Iraq on his own dime , beholden to no one , because he 'd witnessed the 9/11 attacks
 I just finished reading Steven Vincent 's `` In the Red Zone '' , and I must say this is a great book on Iraq that I could n't find another one these days . I was deeply moved and enthralled by the author 's journalistic dedication , his great moral courage , his noble idealism , humanitarian perspectives on today 's Iraqi society , all along with his amazing writing skills.Sadly , we lost a hero , a real American hero ! As a real journalist , Steven Vincent sacrificed his valuable life in Iraq . And if that will waken more of our people 's consciences and firm our resolves on war to terrorism , his death is not in vain !
 Steven C. Vincent , a New York City journalist who was kidnapped and killed in Iraq on Tuesday , was described by friends and colleagues yesterday as an intrepid newsman roused by the attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and committed to shoe-leather reporting , whatever the consequences.For much of his career , Mr. Vincent , 49 , a freelance writer , had covered the art world , including museums , auction houses and the antiquities trade . But in September 2001 , when he scrambled to the roof of his apartment building in the East Village and saw the second airliner strike the World Trade Center , `` I saw the face of evil in that moment , '' he later told a friend.Mr . Vincent resolved to go to Iraq , where he lived a hardscrabble life in a $ 15-a-day hotel and wrote articles about what he regarded as Islamic fascism . He compared his two trips to Iraq to the tours taken by journalists covering the rise of fascism in Europe during the Spanish Civil War .
 First , let me say that Steven Vincent died for this book . He was murdered because he wrote brutally honestly about the dark underbelly of Iraq , about how here -LRB- and much of the Middle East -RRB- life is cheap and what passes for culture twists minds and perpetuates continued ignorance in the majority of the populace . Steven is gone now , but his opus is still available and if you only read one book about Iraq in your entire life , then In the Red Zone should be that one book.I read this book in one sitting , from cover to cover , all 240 pages in the span of about six hours . Everything you need to know about the war , Shia , Sunnis , Kurds , the occupation , what the future could hold - it 's in here . The good , the bad and the ugly are all laid out for you . This book will be of equal fascination to both pro and anti-war readers because Steven did n't sugarcoat a thing when he wrote In the Red Zone . He did n't sugarcoat Iraq one iota and he died for it.Life is cheap in cultures that glorify death . Steven found that out the hardest way . His death has a silver lining - Nour - his brave Iraqi intrepreter . She was shot by the same vicious parasites that killed Mr. Vincent but survived and is still somewhere in Iraq -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- , guarded , silenced or both . Steven and Nour are microcosms of the relationship between America and Iraq . Read In the Red Zone . It will force you to make adjustments to everything you thought you knew . In the Red Zone is Chapter 1 in the story of 21st century . Other Americans and Iraqis will be stepping forward to write Chapter 2 . Are you one of them ? Which side will you step forward on ?
 After our post 9/11 invasion of Iraq , Steven Vincent , a freelance reporter and art critic living and working in New York , wanted to learn more about that country . So he went there.Vincent went to Iraq , not as an embedded journalist largely ensconced in the relative safety of the fortified and heavily guarded Green Zone , but as a vagabond , exploring Iraq 's chaotic and lawless Red Zone and its people . In the Red Zone gives us a prospect rarely viewed . And Vincent returned and returned to Iraq 's Red Zone , to learn and write more -- to try to explain more . In the Red Zone is a precious journal of what he saw and what he learned ; it can teach much to us and to our leaders.In the Red Zone is an incredibly insightful book , drawing not only upon Vincent 's cabbing it , unarmed and without bodyguards , throughout Iraq , but also on his research into the country , its people , its at-each-others ' - throats religions , and tribal fissures . A supporter of the our invasion of Iraq , Vincent says there is plenty of blame for the current , seemingly intractable mess , not the least of which is what he sees as our country 's failure of will to do all that is necessary to complete the job and help the Iraqi people to `` escape the dungeon of their history . '' Vincent sees that history as a black hole of misogynist -LRB- that suppresses the potential contributions of half the Iraqi population -RRB- martyrdom-infused , malevolence.In an eerie foreshadowing , Vincent describes a talk he gave to budding Iraqi journalists , now freed from Saddam 's spiked yoke , telling them about how important a free press is to a functioning democracy . One of the young Iraqi reporters later told him
 Whether you supported or opposed the US-led liberation of Iraq , Steven Vincent 's tales of his travels throughout Iraq offer a realistic and understandable glimpse at the challenges facing the U.S. and the people of Iraq . His conversations and interactions with ordinary Iraqis in cafes , in taxicabs , and at religious festivals are simultaneously enlightening and entertaining.As an aside , reading the book following Mr. Vincent 's death was eery and moving . Knowing that he was ultimately murdered in Basra made reading Mr. Vincent 's description of his travels there riveting and painful .
 Freelance journalist Vincent first visited Iraq in September 2003 . While other reporters sheltered in insulated compounds or heavily-fortified hotels of the `` Green Zone , '' he lived and traveled in the `` Red Zone , '' that is without security and among ordinary Iraqis . In all , Vincent has penned one of the best-written accounts of post-Saddam Iraq , one of the few that captures the debates , issues , and contradictory emotions that Iraqis are juggling.In the Red Zone fills a void left by the many think-tank pundits , academics , and journalists who wrote books in the wake of Saddam 's fall , where the Iraqi voice is often lost . Vincent 's account has the advantage of bringing to light his encounters with ordinary Iraqis . Among other experiences , he was in Karbala when a series of bombs killed 140 in the city in March 2004 ; and while traveling in Basra , he was briefly interrogated by U.S. intelligence . He makes no attempt to cover the minutiae of daily Iraqi politics but instead takes a big-picture approach.That said , In the Red Zone has its limitations . There is little discussion of the Kurdish issue and minor errors of fact pop up-for example , the date when Iran 's Safavid dynasty began.In contrast to the usual journalistic practice of adding color to an article by including an occasional man-on-the-street interview , usually conducted by an Iraqi assistant , Vincent provides a deeper insight into Iraqis . He introduces the reader to Qasim , a Baghdad art gallery owner who , because of a club foot , managed to avoid the carnage of the Iran-Iraq war ; Assad al-Abady , deputy director of the Iraqi National Organization for Human Rights ; a secular Sunni woman torn between her love of freedom and the `` humiliation '' of having it delivered by foreigners ; a Fallujah policeman who swears blood lust against Americans after U.S. soldiers kill his son ; a Shi'ite taxi driver still euphoric over liberation ; and a Christian woman in Basra whom Vincent later learns had been raped in her youth by Saddam 's police.Vincent also spent time with foreigners . He details a long conversation with a Canadian antiwar activist who lectured him about U.S. `` human rights violations '' but would not condemn insurgent terrorist attacks on Iraqi civilians or visit Saddam 's mass graves . Vincent also describes a surrealistic encounter with CodePink , an American peace group , during which one member doubted that Saddam really was that bad . He also notes the Iraqi reaction to Western peace groups . `` How can people accept for so long the crimes of a dictator , then rise up to try and stop a war begun to remove that dictator from power ? '' one Iraqi lawyer asked . `` Antiwar activists should examine their consciences . `` By Michael RubinMiddle East QuarterlySummer 2005http : / / www.meforum.org/article/738
 This fine history of the Alamo is readable , accurate , and a fine introduction to the subject for young readers . It should be in every school library in the country . As a history buff with a special focus on Texas history , I heartily recommend it !
 This book was recommended to me by some fellow rescue workers . I 'm an experienced rescue worker and dog breeder.I fully recommend this book to those who :1 . Are new to rescue dogs .2 . Need to know some of the typical behaviors a rescue dog may exhibit .3 . Need a refresher course on foundational basics of rehabilitating rescue dogs .4 . Need affirmation about good methods used in modifying negative dog behaviors .5 . Want to rehabilitate any dog that exhibits negative or undesired behavior -LRB- s -RRB- . To the experienced dog rescue workers like me , this book offers nothing new . It may be obvious to some readers that this author has spent many years in dog training but not indepth actual shelter work . However , I was happy to see that , although the author lacked a lot of personal shelter experience , he had invested and employed a good amount of homework and research worthy of a useful book . Through his writing , I could read the experienced views of shelter workers he 'd interviewed prior to writing this book.This book is written fairly simply . The author wrote very much as if he were standing next to you talking with you . His verbiage is simple and easy to understand . He uses case-in-point examples that are helpful in clarifying his point and method.Occasionally , the author would title a paragraph where I expected to get much more out of the following text than what was present . On these instances , I felt like I was left hanging and looking for more.On the whole , I was delighted to find the author 's approach to be factual , experienced , compassionate , common sense and fairly comprehensive.I really enjoyed reading the author 's common sense views when he addressed some of the dog world 's trendy idealisms . I 'm certain that many idealists will disagree with his views because he is common sense yet not abusive . His ` middle-of-the-road views ' do n't pander to either of the extremes in dog training -LRB- harsh discipline versus no discipline -RRB- . I felt the author 's views to be well balanced and obviously experienced.Overall , this book is a good type of manual for foundational dog training with an emphasis on how that relates to an adopted rescue dog.I give this book 4 out of 5 stars . And I hope people who either have adopted or plan to adopt a dog will read this book and keep it on hand for reference . I plan to keep my copy , too.To someone preparing to adopt , two other books you may enjoy are : - The Other End Of The Leash-The Adoption Option
 As a 4 year volunteer dog walker/trainer at my local humane society and also the owner of two adopted dogs , I found this book useful and straightforward . At the shelter we see many people with unrealistic ideas of what to expect from our shelter dogs -LRB- this applies to any dog whether it 's a shelter dog or from a responsible breeder or from any of the myriad of other sources . -RRB- This book explains some of the issues that can come up and gives practical advice on addressing the issues . I also like the fact that the owners give information on training a pet dog , rather than `` obedience '' training . This book gives solid advice to people who just want to have a good relationship with their new dog . The writers stress the importance of structure and clarity when communicating with your new dog.As the owner of two adopted dogs , I will tell you that it takes effort and I will also tell you that I would n't have it any other way . What you get back from these dogs far outweighs the effort that goes in . If you are thinking of getting a dog , whether it be `` adopted '' or purchased , please do some homework first and understand the type of dog you are getting and examine your expectations and then decide if you want to go through with the decision which is a long commitment.All that being said , if you decide you want to share your life with a dog , please VISIT YOUR LOCAL ANIMAL SHELTER and check out what they have . You 'll be surprised . You will find purebred dogs , adult dogs who have good manners , young adult dogs `` who need a little training '' , puppies and some marvelous mixes of all shapes and sizes . Some of these dogs have `` baggage '' and `` issues '' which will need some work , but many of them just got dealt a bad hand and it just did n't work out at their first home.All of these dogs just need a second chance ! If you have your heart set on a particular breed which is n't at your shelter , look into breed rescues -LRB- cruise the web -- you 'll find a rescue for just about any breed -RRB- who work on re-homeing specific breeds which did n't work out at their first home.Do some studying and if you decide to get a dog or add an additional dog to your pack , enjoy the journey -- it 's a very special adventure !! Not always easy , but always worth it !!
 I found this book to be exptremely informative , easy to understand , and fun to read . There are a lot of unknowns when it comes to adopting a dog -- especially for us first-time dog owners . This book really tackled the big questions I had as well as had easy-to-follow step-by-step training exercises.The author is obviously very much in favor of his own training methods , but he at least explains why he thinks they are the best in order for the reader to research and make up their own mind.I would recommend reading this book to anyone thinking about adopting a dog !
 My husband and I had both grown up with dogs , but during college and our first few years in the work force , knew we did n't have time to give a dog the full attention it needed . So when I had some time off and we decided to get a dog , we were both a bit rusty . This book was a good refresher course , and had some good new tips . The training chapters were basic -- but basics are really all you need if you 're not going to be showing or putting your dog through agility trials . I thought that it was particularly useful that the authors talked about correcting ingrained behaviors often seen in adult dogs who have n't been given structure in their previous homes . In the end , though , there are a lot of questions I still have . I feel as though there was a lot of wind-up about what to expect in a shelter dog , but not as much detailed follow-through about some things . The advice on crate-training , for example , was pretty thin . All in all , though , I enjoyed reading it and it gave me enough information that I was prepared when we got the call about our rescue dog .
 The authors of this book have it right . It has been an invaluable tool for us , adopting a dog with no known background , who had some obvious neglect issues certainly had us asking a lot of questions . This book has insight , helpful tips , and is very readable . I recommend it for anyone with an adopted dog or thinking of adopting . Tips on training are included . Buy it ... you 'll like it .
 This book has been so helpful in learning how to care for our adopted German Shepherd . The discriptions of some undesireable behaviors fit our dog exactly . Solutions to those problems are clear and steps easy to follow . Authors are true dog experts .
 I found this book to be an excellent resource on dog behavior . It is well written and very informative on all aspects of adjusting to life with an adopted dog . I highly recommend for anyone dealing with shelter dogs in any capacity .
 I have found this book to be helpful . I 'm an experienced dog owner - of some great successes and some not so successful . I thought I knew a great deal ; but I learned some new things . I have recently seriously considered adopting a dog , but this book made some of the trade-offs more clear -LRB- particularly the risks I would take with small children -RRB- . It was worth the read just to understand better why a dog mounths .
 I have a ten year old son who is homeschooled . It was his love of this book on which I 'm basing my five star rating . Recently we read this book as a read aloud . We use the Carol Marsh mysteries as a big part of theme units that we do.My son enjoys first looking at the pictures of the children in the introduction , and reading about who they are in real life.We then copy the scavenger hunt in the back of the book , so that he can keep check off the items as the appear in the book.These are excellent books for a read aloud in a learning situation , but the language is appropriate and the chapters are short enough for children to read on their own.I enjoyed Christina 's attitude towards the topic of Davy Crockett and the Alamo - `` That 's boy stuff ! '' she declared , but it was n't soon until she was enjoying the story too.The short Spanish language glossary with common Spanish words that was in the back of this book was particularly helpful and fun.These books are not first class mystery books from an adult standpoint , but that is not what is important - what matters is that these stories are close enough to reality , and involve enough children 's interests , that the child enjoys the book and learns a lot about Texas history along the way.For a good unit study , provide a copy of a Texas map -LRB- There 's one in the book ! -RRB- , and pair this book with an appropriate biography book for kids on Davy Crockett . We also watched `` Dear America
 There are not many novels out there regarding Texas history , it was a nice change as a teacher to be able to mix readng and social studies . The story was well written and my ESL students are truly ejoying the novel . Thank you .
 I 'd recommend this along w / `` The Economic Way of Thinking '' by Heyne , as the two best Econ textbooks I 've read . Mankiw 's book is fair and balanced , he is not a frothing at the mouth partisan , and it is a straightforward explanation of basic economic terms . However , he establishes a handful of core truths that anyone who wishes to understand economics must accept , and if not accept , explain as to why these certain truths do n't apply . For example , Mankiw establishes that 1 . -RRB- free markets work better than regulated markets , 2 . -RRB- private property and incentives are necessary for productivity 3 . -RRB- trade makes everyone wealthier.He does not explain these in a polemical way , but he calmly establishes a solid case for these -LRB- and other principles -RRB- , and despite being fairly standard in economic circles , they are fairly contentious in the realm of political economics and discourse -LRB- particularly on the collegiete level , where English Major Marxists think they know more about the social order than those who study the social order -RRB- . This makes the book more persuasive than a fire and brimstone screed from an Ann Coulter type . Books like this need to be read by all to improve the Economical I.Q. of the voting public .
 I am about the most critical reader you will ever find . There is not one textbook in 50 that I 'd likely give a rating above a `` C-minus '' -LRB- or above a 2 of 5 rating -RRB- . However , I give this textbook an unequivocal A + + -LRB- or 5 of 5 . -RRB- It 's as good as it gets for an Introduction to Macroeconomics . It covers all the broad range of basics that you would want for this type of course . It provides you with an extremely clear understanding BEFORE it builds upon that as a new building block towards the next chapter . It also explains these basics to just the perfect level and depth for and introduction level . When you are finished , you will feel very comfortable with how much you are able to comprehend the subject . Mr. Mankiw is clearly one of those few gifted authors who are able to explain topics with such clarity that there will be no misunderstanding at all . He is thorough , clear , and precise . Additionally , he makes a subject that might otherwise seem boring to some , come across as quite interesting . I was so impressed that I sought out the author and informed him just how impressed I was with his ability to convey such understanding . After four years of college textbooks on a multitude of subjects , this is perhaps the best written textbook when it comes to passing on UNDERSTANDING I have ever read . The reader might be surprised just how much he/she has grasped when they are finished . I highly recommend that other colleges adopt this as their primary Intro to Macro Economics textbook as did my college . It appears that Harvard has opted for hiring quality professors -LRB- such as Mr. Mankiw -RRB- who are gifted in teaching , rather than hiring academicians that communicate without conveying clear comprehension . Again , this book receives my very highest and very enthusiastic recommendations . I can not imagine anyone being disappointed with this book .
 Indeed a wonderful econ book for all majors ! I like especially the chapters on open-economy macroeconomics . However , I do hope to see not only the very illustrative diagrams in the book , but also certain numerical value of the raw data which are used to generate the diagrams . For example , its nice to have the numerical data in Figure 17-2 -LRB- a -RRB- National Saving and Domestic Investment and 17-2 -LRB- b -RRB- Net Foreign Investment so that students can do more precise comparison of the data across different points in time .
 If you want a very , very basic introduction to Economics , this book is a good one . However , as an Economics major in college , I was looking more for a reference book to refresh my fading knowledge . This book does n't have that level of detail.I gave it five stars , because it 's not the book 's fault that I wanted something different .
 The text is excellent and is suitable for any type of introductary Ecnonomics class . It can be used in a tough course or an easy course , as it provides a great level of organization so that the instructor may choose the material at his discretion depending on his course lay out .
 Among all the textbooks I have seen in economics , I have found Mankiw 's to be the best . It is clear and concise , addressing all the important intermediate issues in macroeconomics . The description of concepts is simple , and the book benefits from a three pronged approach to teaching - graphical , mathematical , and anecdotal . The student is free to choose whichever one he feels most comfortable learning from .
 I 've read countless textbooks in my collegiate career and this is one of the best books on the market . Mankiw puts complicated macro principles into easy to understand , contemporary language . Furthermore , the case studies , current articles , and graphs make the introduction to macro that much easier .
 The book came in quickly . Some of my friends at school said it would come in all written on or damaged because I bought it at less than a dollar , it was not . It was in brand new condition . I use it in my eco class it 's bett3er to own th ebook because I can write on it . ~ SmileyScience Academy of South Texas , Class 2010
 Passionate , moving , thought-provoking , and exhilarating . My wife is Guatemalan and I 'm from the United States . Never before have we been able to share and enjoy poetry like this-both in our native tongue . I highly recommend this collection of Marie Delgado Travis ' poetry .
 Eyeshot . Earshot . Snapshot . I shot . Eyes shot . eYes ... hot . Heather McHugh 's latest book is -- aye -- hot . Written toward a readership as enamored with language as she , Eyeshot -LRB- exa -RRB- mines language at the level beneath ordinary diction for its twinkling possibilities , its intersections , its coincidences . McHugh 's poetry recognizes -LRB- and flowers forth from -RRB- root alphabetic patterns and cadences in the music of her own speech
 McHugh 's `` Eyeshot '' is a jungle of puns , double-entendres , triple-phrase-turns and bizarre zingers . Its title alone announces the kind of humorous -LRB- though not exactly light-hearted -RRB- indeterminacy McHugh sets whirring to get her through each poem . This book is as entertaining and admirable an example of linguistic bootstrapping as any , as in `` Iquity ''
 Heather McHugh has always taught us to see differently , even when we did n't listen . These are her sexiest poems to date , touching in places -LRB- `` Is love / / only cupidity ? -LRB- In a silver twist , / a spire 's unfixed . Now it 's a spear . -RRB- '' -RRB- , and downright baudy in others -LRB- I 'll let you find those on your own -RRB- . Her taste for word-play is inexhaustibly sophisticated and very often hilarious -LRB- `` God , your zip code / keeps eluding me . Oh one , / oh one , oh one ... '' -RRB- . If I did n't know better , I 'd say I smelled a masterpiece . Heather McHugh , '' -LSB- you -RSB- did what -LSB- I -RSB- / -LSB- was n't -RSB- there to do . / / -LSB- You -RSB- took my breath away . ''
 Heather McHugh fascinates and astonishes . She is one of the best poets writing today . There is nothing fascile or cliched here , these are poems to be read and re-read . Each reading will take you farther , and there 's such a long way to go with a McHugh poem . If you 're browsing for a place to start with this extraordinary poet , stop right here and add this book to your library . Better yet , buy it with her selected Hinge and Sign , where you 'll get a sampling of the life 's work of this American original . Eyeshot is more intoxicating than a magnum of Moet .
 The two things you should know about Heather McHugh 's `` Eyeshot '' are that it can be difficult to understand what many of her phrases and even entire poems mean at first glance , and that it can be very rewarding when you do get into them , rereading them five , ten times , and start sorting everything out . McHugh deals with language in a number of different ways -LRB- she considers sounds , etymology , idiomatic phrasing , slang , techno-speak , and more -RRB- and often brings up multiple language issues at once . In addition , she is actively obscuring pieces of her poem , like the strict iambic meter and the concrete details . So what she ends up with are formal poems telling narrative stories or capturing real images , but hidden away behind free-verse explorations of words and wordplay , and the reader must work to figure everything out . And it can be hard work indeed . But , since McHugh excels not only in both of these modes of writing , but in the marrying of them together , it can be very satisfying once the words and images start falling into place . As other reviewers have mentioned , images and themes of eyes and sight are covered throughout the book , and this adds an additional challenge
 Eyeshot is a collection of free-verse poetry . The common theme of the wide range of human blindness - from literally being unable to see to willfully refusing to see what lies before one - permeates these often dark verses , sometimes brooding and anxious , sometimes laced with black humor . `` Through '' -LRB- After Sully Prudhomme -RRB- In blue or black , all lovely and beloved , / Some countless human eyes have seen the dawn . / They 're sleeping at the bottom of the grave . / Here comes the sun . / / But far more delicately than the days / The nights ignite in countless eyes a spark . / The stars are always sending out their rays
 Heather McHugh , Eyeshot -LRB- Wesleyan , 2003 -RRB- The best thing about Eyeshot is Heather McHugh 's amazing use of language ; it 's like reading John M. Bennett without the dyslexia and cut-up/fold-in stuff . McHugh has one of the strongest senses of rhythm , both in formal and free verse , I 've come across in quite a while , and it usually manifests itself without drawing attention to the form -LRB- in those poems where one exists in this collection ; the forms here are usually on the loose side anyway -RRB- , an amazing achievement in a time when formal poetry may not be dead , but is lying in hospice , suffocated by the weight of a million teen-angst poets who think sonnets are for sissies and have never heard the word `` canzone . '' Read this . ****
 My mom bought this for me and i am a lot like Clarrissa because my brother Bobby is a pain.THis book is great . Thank You , Alyssa
 In short , I use many phrase books for different languages , and this one was very good and worth the price .
 This pithy phrasebook is ideal for someone who just needs to get by in Dutch . Dutch is not a particularly difficult language for English speakers , so that helps . Other than tourist oriented sentences and an index , the only other material is a table that explicates pronounciation . Again , no big deal here . Pretty much anything a tourist might need to say is here.The only things that might make it better would be a crash course on conjugating verbs , and a glossary at the back for supplementary vocabulary .
 This pithy phrasebook is ideal for someone who just needs to get by in Dutch . Dutch is not a particularly difficult language for English speakers , so that helps . Other than tourist oriented sentences and an index , the only other material is a table that explicates pronounciation . Again , no big deal here . Pretty much anything a tourist might need to say is here.The only things that might make it better would be a crash course on conjugating verbs , and a glossary at the back for supplementary vocabulary .
 `` Now , '' cried I , holding up my children , `` now let the flames burn on , and all my possessions perish . Here they are , I have saved my treasure . Here , my dearest , here are our treasures , and we shall yet be happy . `` I thoroughly enjoyed this book . It is a wonderful quick read about a man -LRB- family -RRB- over coming adversities in life , yet continuing to hold on to and cherish what is important in life . Dr. Primrose never becomes jaded after all that is thrown at him . Just when you think he can take no more , more is piled onto him . In the end , of course , all is well . While I would n't call the book exciting itself , there are exciting elements ... kidnappings , death , cheating , and more . I enjoyed it so much because Dr. Primrose is truly a stand up guy and one we can all learn lessons from .
 I have , in a way , two completely separate reviews for this novel , with two completely different rankings . As a serious novel it gets one star ; as a comic novel it gets four . I have gone with the four-star ranking because I have very little doubt of which it is.If this book was in fact written as a serious panegyric upon the glories and virtues of the simple , holy life , and the blessings that come to those who persevere in the face of adversity , it is the most consummate tripe . The characters are caricatures , the emotions farcical , the plot lines banal . Primrose -LRB- the narrator -RRB- is a fool , and a particularly pretentious and self-righteous one . The women in the novel should make any self-respecting woman cringe . The tireless soliloquies on economics , politics and religion make you unwittingly begin to skim . I will take Wittgenstein 's advice and just pass over the ending in silence . Think Danielle Steele in a more obscure vernacular , but worse . -LRB- Yes , that 's right , worse . -RRB- Thankfully , it 's not serious -LRB- or , at least , I am almost certain that it is n't -RRB- . As a comic novel it comes off kind of like a Zucker , Abrahams , Zucker movie about a Jane Austen novel . The beauty of it is , however , is that it 's so deadpan , it 's so subtle in its irony , that for the first eighty pages I really thought it was sincere - albeit terrible . I wo n't go into the plot details as most of you probably do n't want someone to spoil the plot for you , and the rest can easily find it succinctly traced out by my fellow reviewers . I will say that it 's a Book-of-Job-style parable , and one of the most complete and believable satires I 've ever read . -LRB- I will add , just to give my review some perspective , that I love 18th century British literature , Fielding and Sterne in particular . In other words , my opinion has not been overtly colored by an ignorance of either the genre or the writing styles of the period . At least , I hope not . -RRB-
 A delightful tale of the calamities that beset an 18th century English vicar . The story is fast moving and told with wit and humor . The language is archaic but this adds to the charm of the story rather than being an annoyance .
 I have inherited an 1894 edition of this novel . This unabridged Salem Edition is an interesting work of the classic english novel .
 i found the book in a car boot sale it is over a hundred years old , it was a bit hard with the text , being old , i had to read the book twice for it to sink in , what a story best one yet , especialy that it was written so long ago , i havent read the new version , but if its like mine you will enjoy it happy reading .
 The Vicar of Wakefield is a wonderful book . A little slow going sometimes , but still a good read . Not only does it tell a story of a family but it also relates very well to real life moral and ethic values . It could almost be said to be inspiring . And definitely shows that the ends justifies the means .
 Oliver Goldsmith 's 1766 novel , `` The Vicar of Wakefield '' offers the trials and tribulations of Primrose , an ecclesiastic living in the English countryside . Primrose is content in his life , with a faithful wife , and lovely , if somewhat distracted children . Hearing that his banker has gotten into trouble and fled the country , Primrose and his family begin a series of adventures which test the strength of Primrose 's convictions.Among the issues which Goldsmith addresses in the novel are social ambition in a rigid class system , the drawbacks and benefits of a relatively liberal household , and the admittedly imperfect nature of the British legal system . Sprinkled throughout the novel are various discourses on the notion of liberty , the primacy of the monarchy , and a wealth of interesting references to British imperialism and colonial slavery.Regarding the class system , Primrose seems throughout the novel , to eschew the idea that social or economic mobility is possible , or even desirable . He posits , in a way that follows Aristotle and Edmund Burke , that people are fit for certain stations by their very nature ; and that such social partitioning is right and should be maintained . Primrose also appears as a latter day Horace , championing the virtues of simple , rustic life . This pastoral life is directly associated in the novel with the laboring classes , who , not without faults themselves , manage to avoid the intrigues and excesses of the consistently vilified city folk.Goldsmith 's writing style is fast-paced , with clear , direct language , wonderfully rendered characters , and a surprising number of plot twists for so short a work . Primrose and his eldest son George are the two finest characters in the novel . Both exhibit a picaresque tendency to wander and interact - Primrose with the intellectual/philosophical elements , and George with the material/experiential elements in the world . This is altogether a wonderful , spirited novel , and Stephen Coote 's introduction to this Penguin edition is excellent in its explication of the novel 's major themes and concerns .
 `` Conscience is a coward , and those faults it has not strength enough to prevent , it seldom has justice enough to accuse . '' So ends chapter 13 in this delightful novel by Oliver Goldsmith , his only novel by the way.Oliver creates a pious character in the form of the vicar , Dr Primrose , that suffers from that most deadly of the 7 deadly sins , Pride . The problem is he does n't know it . As a result he is brought down peg by peg , and made a thorough fool of in the process , in a way that is comical and warm to the reader . The vicar becomes a most beloved character by way of his suffering and in the end I 'm sure will have earned from even the most hard hearted reader that most cherished gift a reader can bestow upon any flawed character , redemption.Oliver also creates villiany , more like evil incarnate , in the form of Mr. Thornhill . Thornhill is central to the most severe of the hardships suffered by the vicar and his family . A very meddlesome and self-centered character indeed !! Written in the 1750 's , it has it all . Greed , envy , lust , unjust imprisonment , even prostitution . Yes , It 's hard to believe a novel written in the 1750 's could even touch on the subject , but nevertheless it is central to the plot.Combine all this with some of the finest wit in English literature and you 've got a great way to spend a weekend . The book is less than 200 pages and moves along at nice pace from page one . Well worth everyone 's time .
 I agree with the reviewers who 've described this as a slow read . No argument there . But it 's also a very important 18th Century work and one essential to anyone interested in the literature of the period . If you read the book with an ironical slant it 's much easier to see that there is actual humor in the often improbable situations . Granted , it may not be laugh out loud humor , but it is there . The poor vicar is modeled on the biblical Job , to a very exaggerated extent . It 's so exaggerated that the modern reader will likely be rolling his eyes , I know . If you 're looking for tight plot and fast pace this wo n't be your book , but those reading 18th Century literature will realize the novel was much different at the beginning that it is now . You do n't read THE VICAR OF WAKEFIELD for the plot . You read it for the study . It remains an important book .
 I found this little book a delight from start to finish.This was a favourite little `` classic '' of the Victorian classroom . What entranced me was the quaint 18th century English . How can I describe the charm of the use of the preposition `` AN '' before words such as `` HORSE '' or `` HUSBAND '' ! or the narrators 's wife whose `` CIVILITIES '' are received with a `` MUTILATED COURTESY '' by the squire . ? In fine , a book to be read over & over without a dimunition of pleasure at each reading .
 Told with a great deal of tongue-in-cheek humor and wit , The Vicar of Wakefield , published in 1766 , features the delightfully innocent Dr. Primrose , a cleric who believes that kindness and virtue will always be rewarded . Surrounded by his wife and six children , Dr. Primrose lives a comfortable life , but he becomes the victim of theft when his broker runs off with all his investments , leaving him penniless , just as his son George is about to be married . When George 's marriage is canceled due to his lack of prospects , the family moves to the country , where Dr. Primrose becomes vicar of a rural church.One disaster follows another , involving Dr. Primrose and his family . The poor but kind Mr. Burchell , who saved daughter Sophia from drowning and befriended the family , later shocks Dr. Primrose by slandering the daughters and ruining their chances to become companions to two women in London . The sale of the family 's only horses to a trickster leaves them virtually penniless . His older daughter Olivia is abducted and `` ruined . '' The house catches fire , and their landlord demands his rent , knowing that the family has nothing . No matter how outrageous the calamities -LRB- and those mentioned above are only a sample -RRB- , Dr. Primrose insists on seeing the bright side , even when there is no bright side . Virtue and goodness , he is convinced , will always be rewarded.Owing as much to eighteenth century satiric comedy as to the developing novel , the story of Dr. Primrose and his family satirizes the sentimentality of early novels , such as Pamela , while it makes use of sentimental devices to further its plot . Poking gentle fun at Dr. Primrose for his innocence , Goldsmith never mocks or belittles him . Coincidence , mistaken identities , the humiliation of all the villains , innumerable surprises , and the restoration of Dr. Primrose 's fortunes lead to the `` deserved '' happiness of Dr. Primrose and his family in the conclusion . Virtue is indeed rewarded , and evil is indeed punished . A gentle novel filled with charm , The Vicar of Wakefield feels like a `` lady 's novel , '' one which lacks the bawdy excess of Fielding and the unique humor of Sterne , while never taking itself too seriously . n Mary WhippleShe Stoops to Conquer and Other Comedies -LRB- Oxford World 's Classics -RRB- Oliver Goldsmith ; a biography . By Washington Irving.The poetical works of Oliver Goldsmith . With a life , by Thomas Babington Macaulay .
 Although Goldsmith was brilliant , he was not an easy man to know and to like , and his egoism and unevenness of character does come out in this book . He was always misunderstood , as geniuses often are . This book has assured Goldsmith a place high up in the literature food chain . The theme of the book resembles somewhat the Book of Job from The Bible . Our hero is a good and innocent man who remains steadfast in faith and unbroken in courage as he faces numerous disasters . It is a story about the family Primrose and its fall from it 's a place of comfort and security . The family consists of a mother and father and six children . Mr. Goldsmith 's genius is in characterization , as well as his ability to evoke a pure goodness of heart and warmth and generosity of people of simple faith and warm generosity . This little book is truly a masterpiece .
 The Vicar of Wakefield is a good book that shows how a family overcomes one harship after another . It is funny and at times very witty . Even though the language is a bit old fashioned , the book is still fun to read .
 Regarded by some as a sentimental novel , Oliver Goldsmith 's `` The Vicar of Wakefield '' -LRB- 1766 -RRB- describes the fortunes and misfortunes of the first-person narrator , Dr. Primrose , along with his wife and six children . The narrative is chiefly concerned with a description of Primrose 's increasing adversity and the final restoration and elevation of his condition , in a story-line reminiscent of the Biblical book of Job . First the Primrose family loses their fortune , their home is engulfed by a fire , and eventually Primrose himself finds himself in prison , one daughter reportedly dead , another abducted , and a son jailed . But all is in the end restored as the narrative returns to the idyllic life of the Primrose home and its inhabitants as described at the end of the first chapter
 Goldsmith 's only novel , The Vicar of Wakefield , is , as another reviewer pointed out , a modern -LRB- 1766 -RRB- version of the book of Job . In the book of Job , Satan attempts to make a fool of God and at the same time attack Job . Satan accomplishes this by arguing that the godliness of Job , who is God 's beloved , is motivated by self-interest alone . God allows Satan to test Job in order that God and Job be vindicated.In Goldsmith 's story , Dr. Primrose is a priest with a loving wife and 6 wonderful children . They have an elegant house , the respect of their neighbors and the means to help others less fortunate . We are barely introduced to Dr. Primrose and his family when they are beset by misfortune . Their wealth is stolen and they must give up their family home and move to a distant village . From this point on , a series of ever increasing calamities occur.Through it all we know that Dr. Primrose and family will persevere even if we ca n't anticipate all the twists and turns in the story . With that said , Dr. Primrose is not perfect . The introduction makes clear that he is possessed of intellectual pride . This measure of sin lends the story an air of authenticity that would be missing if Dr. Primrose was perfection personified . As a side note , the Penguin edition of this book does have a useful introduction which helps to frame the issues Goldsmith was trying to communicate as well as providing context for the times . The end notes are also of tremendous help.The ending may be unlikely but the message of faith and family love endures . Do n't let the age of this classic novel prevent you from enjoying its wit and wisdom .
 Oliver Goldsmith 's The Vicar of Wakefield is one of those books you told yourself in college to read but never quite got around to it . It is Goldsmith 's only novel and includes several of his poems . The book might be termed `` The Book of Job as written by Jane Austen , '' in that it tells of the toils and troubles that beset an English vicar and his family , while at the same time being concerned with the love affairs of young people . The family Wakefield consists of the vicar , his wife and six children , two older boys , two girls of marriageable age and two small boys . The family is forced by circumstances to leave their good , middle class life in Wakefield and move to a lesser , but still tolerable existence in the countryside . There they encounter a variety of characters , some good and some bad and some seemingly good , but bad and some seemingly bad , but good -- it all gets sorted out in the end.Much of what happens in the book is improbable , but the idea is not to present a factual account as much as a story about morality . As time goes by we see the foibles of the vicar and his family , but at the same time we see their natural goodness as well . But their problems mount and the book descends into what seems like unrelieved misery . We keep waiting for the negatives to turn into positives -- after all this is not Thomas Hardy -- but they are slow in coming and then are crammed into an implausible ending . One advantage of the book is that it is relatively short -LRB- less than 200 pages -RRB- , thus we are not forced to wade through 500 pages of drudgery to find an alls well that ends well ending.I rate it at four stars because it is an excellent example of classical English writing with a story line that gives some insights into the life and values of English people at a time when England was growing in influence and power in the world .
 This is a great book about fun and learning . It has a great rhyme , teaches kids numbers and to look for something that may be hidden on each page . My girls love it !
 ` The Looking Book ' is the perfect title for this cute story about a boy looking for his cat . Young readers will have a great time helping Ned look for Pistachio through twenty-eight pages of colorful , collage-style illustrations . `` Of course you know it 's not much funTo lose a cat upon page ONE . `` The rhyme and rhythem in this book make it perfect for reading out-loud while the kids search the page for Pistachio . They 'll find him popping out of a cupboard door , disguised as a castle guard or camelphloged in a monkeys cage . Of course Ned never seems to see him and enlists the help of a courtly queen , a memory-challenged old man and a faithful horse -LRB- who eventually gives up on page twenty-six -RRB- . This book is a fun adventure with great giggle potential .
 If you are familiar with the work of Mary Ann Hoberman , you know her books are top-notch . If you are REALLY familiar with her work , you will recall seeing the text of this book back in the early 70 's . This remake is fabulous ! Husliska-Beith has added the color and whimsy that the original version lacked in illustration , making it something special for today 's child.The book is an interactive experience . The child is encouraged to join in on the search for Pistachio the cat . His owner , Ned , is looking on every page and needs your help . With clever lines ... `` Of course you know it 's not much fun/to lose a cat upon page ONE ... And so he started out to look/straight through the pages of this book . `` There is also plenty for the eye -LRB- perhaps why it is called THE LOOKING BOOK ? :--RRB- Huliska-Beith has added lots of funny details which should keep you and your child entertained . This is one they 'll pick up over and over again .
 We are being stalked by a previous convicted stalker.We are located in the foothills of California and the home we live in is serviced by the County Sheriff.It has been , and still is , a very difficult process to get people to understand stalking laws.We bought this book because we needed to learn how to help ourselves ... and to assist others to understand what can be done.Dective Proctor 's book has helped us through the maze . This is a book to read and then pass it around . Especially to people who really need to `` Get It . `` We recommend this book highly.Mike Proctor really cares about his work both as a detective and author.It is fantastic to have someone who understands .
 Up until right now , I read couple books on stalking behaviour , this one is one of the best I have ever read , it is very srong in defining the behaviour , lots of examples are given which may help you better understand the behaviour . If you are the stalking victim this book might help you save your own life . I strongly recommend this book anyone who wants to deal with stalking behaviour effectively .
 This is a must read book for every adult , especialy women . Dective Proctor opened my eyes to the crime of stalking . Dectective Proctor wrote a no-nonsense , easy to read and understand book , packed full of information and easy to follow steps for your personal safety.He explains who and why people stalk . I found this book to be very informative . This is one of the best books I have read in a long time .
 I expected a work on stalking to be very dry and difficult to get through . This book , however , was extremely interesting , informative and easy to read . It is the sort of book that the normal man in the street could read and apply as easily as someone who is more knowledgeable about the subject . A wonderful handbook for anyone having troubles of this nature and a wothwhile read for any safety conscious individual . .
 How to Stop a Stalker is the best-ever resource for stalking victims , their family members , employers , victim advocates , law enforcement and prosecutors . Det. Proctor 's advice and suggestions are realistic and clear . He explains how stalkers operate and the many steps that victims can take to protect themselves at home , at work and when traveling in their car.It takes an experienced and skilled detective to discuss so many safety strategies , legal remedies and practical tips . For example , he has included specific instructions on the best type of deadbolt locks to purchase and install , how to utilize a private mail-drop most effectively , and the items that a stalking victim should carry in the car at all times . He has described the court process from start to finish in layperson 's terms . He has illustrated the benefits and disadvantages of a restraining order from the victim 's point of view , but sets out the genuine advantages restraining orders provide to law enforcement . He has provided advice on how a victim can work successfully with law enforcement and prosecutors to stop the stalker.How to Stop a Stalker is the most practical and clearly written guide I have seen . I recommend it to all stalking victims and those who work with them
 If anyone is going through the hell of being stalked , or even think they are being stalked , they MUST by Detective Proctor 's book `` How to Stop A Stalker `` I have read other `` stalking '' books , and they have been helpful , but none to the extent of Detective Proctor 's book.The information , the suggestions , everything is a MUST for someone being stalked.He UNDERSTANDS , something that I did n't feel from the other stalking books.Detective Proctor knows the reality and horror of stalking in an easy read and extremely informative book.This book is up to date -LRB- unlike some of the other Stalking books -RRB- and my only problem is that he does n't have a sequel . Hopefully that is something he is working on.I give this book ten stars . This book literally saved my life and it can save yours.If you , a friend , or a family member are being stalked , you must read this book .
 I have taught an upper division course on Family Violence for 20 years . After many years of searching for a credible and useful book on stalking I came across Det. Proctor 's book on how to stop a stalker . I have also had 28 years of experience in law enforcement ; therefore , I approached the book the first time I `` studied '' it from both an academic and an applied perspective . The true value of the book lies in the fact that the author bases it on years of field experience investigating and studying stalkers . He is to be commended for stating that he does not know everything and continues to learn new things about the subject . Two major typologies are developed . The first typology presents the elements of the crime of stalking -- harrassment , credible threat , and course of conduct . The second typology presents the three types of stalkers -- domestic , acquaintance , and stranger . Proctor draws on the two typologies throughout the book as he systematically writes about stalking . The book helps to understand the difference between romantic compulsion and stalking . Drawing on case histories Proctor provides insight into why they stalk , how they target victims , techniques of stalking , compulsion , and the impact on the victims ' lives , as well as the victims ' families , friends , and co-workers . Proctor does an excellent job of differentiating between male and female stalkers . The use of case histories is what makes the book come alive . Sound practical advice is provided for investigators as well as victims . I highly recommend the book for use in the classroom . My students were impressed and it generated insightful discussion -- including personal experiences , on campus and elsewhere , as well as experiences of friends and family members . All criminal investigators and prosecutors should read the book as well . These are not easy cases to investigate and prosecute and Proctor ' recommendations are both thorough and helpful .
 `` How to Stop a Stalker '' written by Mike Proctor was extremely informative and very much an eye opener . It defines in layman 's terms the various types of stalkers , their methods of stalking and what to do when this occurs . It spells out the process and procedures the judicial system has to follow to apprehend and secure this type of individual . This book should be mandatory reading for all human resource departments whether it be in private practice or public domain and for that matter any individual seeking knowledge and awareness .
 Detective Mike Proctor teaches readers the basics of defending themselves in How To Stop A Stalker , a guide for those coping with repeated harassment by potentially violent individuals . From why stalkers follow their victims ; to what to do if one is being stalked ; the collection of evidence ; getting the justice system on one 's side ; what to do in court , and so much more , How To Stop A Stalker is an absolute `` must-read '' , and bears the very highest recommendation for men and women alike -- because statistical data indicates 1 out of 12 women and 1 out of every 45 men will be stalked in their lifetime . In our troubled times of having to also deal with the threats presented by domestic and foreign terrorism , How To Stop A Stalker is even more relevant to the lives of ordinary citizens and could well save your life and the lives of those dear to you .
 Mike Proctor demonstrates that he understands the issue of stalking completely . This is the best resource I have found to facilitate effectively working with law enforcement and prosecutors and using the criminal justice system to protect victims from their stalkers . I strongly recommend this book to anyone who is serious about stopping their stalker or stalkers . Stand up and fight these bullys - stop living in fear , believing that you are powerless to stop them . You can do it !
 In my work on Domestic Violence , especially Cyberstalking , this book gave me excellent material to present to my classes.Clear , concise and easy to read , plus Amazon delivery service was super . Nice layout and cover to the book -LRB- paperback -RRB-
 Written by a Detective who has years of study research on Stalkers . Informative important info which is important to me when needing information on sobjectts of concern . Gail H.
 A helpful book , gave me lots of insight into what may be going on in the mind of the fellow who 's been stalking and harrassing a college student for 18 months.Worth the price , just for the weblinks and such . Lots of ideas that you can google for current information and laws in each state.Gives you some understanding of both the victim and the stalker , what behaviors to expect , and how to find help legally and otherwise .
 This book was recommended to me by a friend . I have been the victim of a stalker . She was a woman from my husband 's past who 's anger turned into obsession . I went through everything from being followed by car , her calling my workplace , constant drive-by 's past my house , her sending friends to my workplace to harass me , she 's even approached my children trying to befriend them ! Above the real-life stakling , she cyber-stalked me on myspace without my realizing it until a few months ago . Last year , she became so brave as to start coming to my house on a regular basis to harass me ... that is until I got the police involved . Bringing criminal charges against her slowed her down , but did n't stop her all the way . Come to find out that this gal had been charged with stalking and harassment by an ex-boyfriend a few years back , so I was not her first victim . Scary stuff !!! This book helped me to understand the sickness and obsession that is behind the mind of a stalker . It gave me ideas on ways to protect myself and my family.I think that we all need be aware of our surroundings , what we do , what we put on the internet and make sure to have the knowledge to protect ourselves from these sort of people.Do yourself a favor ; buy the book , read it , and share it with someone you love !
 This book is a must read for anyone working with victims of stalking or domestic violence . It provides complete and sensible information needed in working with victims -- sort of a how to approach , realistic and sensible . Also , it is written in a very readable style .
 This book has extremely helped me with my caseload at my job . I work for Domestic Violence Shelter and I often times have a client come in and not know that they have been stalked . The information helped me learn how to include the stalking in with their request to receive a Protective Order . Excellent Book , Great Writer !!
 I read this book in conjunction with my women 's studies classes and found the information to be very enlightening . It is a very readable book , and provided invaluable information regarding a little known - but growing - problem for college women . I highly recommed this text .
 This book has been of great help to all of our victim advocates and most importantly to our clients . The information in this book has assisted the advocates in putting together better declarations and in better assisting victims of stalking . I would recommend this book to all those who deal with crime victims.Sincerely , Rocio G. GonzalezDirector of Victim ServicesWTLC
 Detective Mike Proctor 's book `` How to Stop a Stalker '' concerns a subject that many of us are afraid to acknowledge or often just wish would go away . Mike gives the reader some cold hard facts about stalking , profiles stalkers and offers genuine advice on working with the difficulties in reporting stalking activities as well as gathering hard evidence . His experience with California police departments , specifically working stalking cases , gives the reader an excellent look at the system in place , for arresting and adjudicating these individuals.Mike Proctor also makes recommendations on the do 's and dont 's of activities for a victimas well as security measures that should be taken.I have experienced a stalking issue in my own life and found thisbook extremely helpful in many aspects .
 Since I suffer from this problem , I was very interested in the subject . Mr. Proctor was a detective with the Orange County Police and has experience in this area . I was more interested in how to obtain evidence that will hold up in court . The book was lacking in that dept. , and instead said go to your local police dept. to start . Mr proctor actually emailed me with this information . I was trying to go with a private investigator and he did n't think that was a good idea . I give this book a thumbs up .
 A practical guide on how to deal with and survive a stalker . I applaud the author for writing about a subject that many in law enforcement and society itself dismiss cavalierly , until it is too late . We need to take these crimes seriously and deal with them early before they escalate out of hand . This book highlights the do 's and do n'ts to help victims persevere and overcome the abuse of a stalker . A definite eye opener .
 The one other reviewer missed the point that prices are per foot ! Multiply by 30 and he 'd be in the ballpark.This is an excellent source book for remodelers looking to establish a reasonable price for a job . You 'll still have to do some hand tweaking to cover a few odds and ends , but in general it 's all here . Gives cost + and - percentages for major cities in all states . Updated annually .
 Tiziano has done a wanderful job or helping us to put this horrible war into a more human perspective . He makes us realize that there is some hope for us all and we can all do something.It 's a book to be kept close to the bed , for reading it every day
 This is a beautiful , healing book with the kind of message , warmth and humor that our fractured world needs so badly . The strength and spirit of this book captured my attention and my imagination . As an author and an avid reader , I tend to look at most books with a critical eye . I found it impossible , however , to assess this book with my eyes or my mind , because it spoke directly to my heart . If you want to tap into and bring forward the highest and best within yourself , this is absolutely the book for you .
 `` Divine Chuckles '' is a treasure . `` Spirit '' 's wisdom , warmth and humor has something great to offer anyone who chooses to listen .
 I too must say , as the previous reviewer has already stated , this book DOES indeed speak to one 's heart , but it also seeks to reach our minds as well ... mostly in a very light-hearted , humorous manner , which is such a welcoming change . The most important aspect I found in this book and greatly appreciate , is that with all of our vast differences and no matter how good or badly we may behave , we are not being judged or critisized . There is a geuine expression of unconditional love and acceptance that speaks through . Hoping that one day people may begin to truly and fully understand our divinely inherent nature , while at the same time , allowing our minds to embrace this wonder in ourselves .
 Lin David Martin is an exceptional teacher . I have experienced his work in person on numerous occasions , and his words , ideas and suggestions are always deeply moving and relevant . All who experience his work walk away with a special feeling of understanding and love , in the truest sense of those words . Lin is the real deal . I dislike few things more than a charlatan that misleads others , and there are plenty of those individuals operating under the guise of `` minister , '' `` preacher , '' `` teacher , '' etc. . Lin is 100 % authentic , on all levels , and there is no mistaking the quality and depth of his work . He does individual sessions , writes books and gives talks to small and large groups ; no matter how one experiences him , in the end it is well worth the time and effort . I recommend Lin and his work unequivocally . At 54 years of age , having been a `` seeker '' for many years , I have experience a great many teachers ; few have affected me as deeply as Lin David Martin .
 I 've been working with Struts for almost a year now and have read many web articles and 3 other Struts books - this is by far the best . In addition to providing excellent code examples and providing solid explanations of how this complex framework works , it provides something even more valuable
 I first heard about this book on TSS and was one of the first customer receiving it here in germany at around christmas 2002 . This book was and is invaluable for my and my co-workers work . Up to now we have order seven of this books.This book can easily act as introduction and reference to struts . Ted Husted gives you an precise idea of the MVC concept and the struts control flow . He describe the multiple `` parts '' of struts and how they interact with each other . Within the whole book it get 's crisp clear what matters within software development and particular web application development
 It does not matter if you are interested in Struts . This book is written with a view to the ideas behind Struts and in any MVC architecture for a web framework . This is a tour de force in knowledge of the area , punctuated by the succinct sizzle of a man that knows how to communicate . Ted Husted is a writer among writers in this area .
 I read thru a number of Struts books in order to understand how a couple of other frameworks like Tiles , Validator and Velocity gel with Struts , in short I wanted a deeper understanding on the framework of frameworks , I was left feeling I am trying an exercise in futility . Gladly and thankfully this book left a quite different impression , it explains the Struts innards really well , marking out the differences between V1 .0 and V1 .1 , building the foundation thru detailed idiot-proof examples , and then gets down to the goodies.I agree with some other reviewers in that the number/density of examples go down as you get along , and I disagree with them in that that 's a bad thing . Remember , unlike many other books where you can decide to read chapters in any order , this book would add most value if chapters are read sequentially from start , they are already logically organized and one builds on another , and once you really go thru the first few chapters understanding them thoroughly , I mean not by only reading them but by writing your own code along with , you would NOT need the idiot-proof examples to grasp the meat of the later chapters , once you got the foundation right you can easily get the feel of it . This is not a ` for idiots ' book and I would like to thank the authors for keeping it that way , you have enough information in the book to understand the Struts framework -LRB- and then some -RRB- pretty well , but you got ta take your hands outta your pockets and write some code!I liked the way Tiles , Validator and Velocity has been explained , keep up the good work Ted !
 This book did a great job explaining to me not only * what * Struts is and * why * I should use it but also * how * to use it . This is something I found lacking in the O'Reilly book , Programming Jakarta Struts . In addition to the coverage on Struts , this book extends into areas like proper MVC and Layered design principles that are very important to apply if you wish to get the most out of the Struts framework . Of course a full treatment of MVC , layered design and other enterprise web engineering best practices are outside of the scope of this book but the authors have plenty of references so you can fill in gaps in your knowledge as necessary . I have read many technical books , and few were as well thought-out and thorough as this one . If you are using Struts , this is the book to buy !
 This book is my personal best choice in getting up to speed with the struts freamework . i have started to read through nearly all the books on the market and found that this one provides just enough but also complete information about the architecture and concept about the struts framework , as well as good examples , whereas other one are too much on either end
 ReviewIf you are working in the IBM Websphere area for web application development , you will often encounter references to the Struts architecture framework . IBM highly recommends this standard for Java application development for Websphere . And if you want to acquaint yourself with that framework , this is a good book to get you there.The book starts out with a quick sample application that you can download so that you can see a representative Struts-style application . Most of the details are glossed over , but it 's only temporary . It 's followed by a chapter that goes into the architecture , explaining how it works and why the pieces fit together . From there , another simple application is developed , this time with more explanation as to what is going on . The rest of the book then goes into each part of the Struts framework , with copious code examples and illustrations.The authors assume a fair amount of previous experience on the part of the reader . The assumption is that there is a familiarity with HTML , JSP syntax , JavaBean conventions , and similar technologies . The reader should also be familiar with URLs , web application archives -LRB- WAR files -RRB- , and other concepts surrounding web application development . By assuming these pre-existing skills , the authors can spend more time and space on Struts information . So if you are just starting out in web application development in Java , you may struggle a bit with this information.The authors also assume the use of Tomcat for the web application server . Since I 'm working with IBM 's Websphere Studio Application Developer -LRB- WSAD -RRB- , I 've had to make some mental adjustments on how to get things to work in that environment without the author 's direct instruction . Because of this , I 'd recommend that you be familiar with WSAD before using this book.The style of the book is very readable , and the concepts are easy to grasp . You may have to read over the material a couple of times to get it , but that 's not a fault of the writing . New technology and concepts can be difficult to grasp . Struts is no exception . I can say that I 'm understanding the material more quickly than I expected , and that 's always a good thing.ConclusionIf you 're looking to learn Struts , you would be well-served to get this book and dig in .
 I 've been programming with Struts for 2 years now -LRB- and Java for 3 -RRB- and I wish I had had this book when I started . Even though I now know Struts to about the 75 % level , thanks greatly to this book which helped me in the upgrade from version 1.0 to 1.1 , Struts never ceases to amaze me - what it can do , the work that it can save a web programmer , its robustness and its elegance too.The down-side is of course the steep learning curve , and the sticking points that I still come across where I have programmed or configured something wrong and ca n't work out why . In both these areas this book is invaluable.In the first case if someone needs to learn Struts , this covers the basics and provides a good grounding , and secondly I found the contents page and the indexing always lead me straight to the point in the text where I need to be when I 've just created a bug in my code or I do n't know how to approach a problem.Struts in Action is well written with flowing text and clear explanations , even to the point where I sometimes find myself reading the whole chapter after looking up and finding a little snippet of info - you never know what else you might learn .
 Still the best!Yeah sure there are errors . -LRB- not too many -RRB- Yep and it not as well organized as the Orielly book -LRB- or as well copy edited -RRB- . Oh yeah , it is not as readable as the Mastering Struts book from Wiley.But ... it has the most information about Struts 1.1 features , and it is still the book I take down from the book shelf the most . It 's the one that gets used.As of Aug 29th 2003 , this is the best all around book on Struts on the market.The Tiles framework coverage is not so good , but neither is anyone other Struts book.If you are new to Struts , get Mastering Struts.If you are a Struts veteran , get this book -LRB- and the Orielly book -RRB- . Used , Used , sometimes Abused ... but still the one that gets used.Oh yeah , Ted Husted is a committer on the project -LRB- he has a lot of good insight -RRB- .
 I read this book cover to cover and found it to be the best book written on the Struts MVC framework by far . Ted Husted obviously knows Struts in and out and is n't afraid to share his knowledge . By reading this book you will learn Struts , how it works , how it is configured , and how to build web applications that leverage its capabilities . You will also find invaluable implementation strategies , Struts 1.0 to 1.1 migration techniques , design patterns , and integration strategies with several important Jakarta Commons packages . In short , if you want to learn to implement world-class Struts applications and gain invaluable insight into Struts that clearly represents years of real-world experience , then this book is definitely for you .
 I got this book when it first came out in 2002 and find myself referring back to it repeatedly . This book gave me a fantastic foundation in Struts and enabled me to build enterprise-class Struts applications shortly after reading it . Highly recommended .
 Provides excellant insight about the sturts . Eagerly waiting for next edition that covers 1.2 x and 1.3 .
 The book is excelent because you can learn almost everything related do struts . The book is well written , but has some mistakes .
 This book is extremely useful for Java Architects that need to design scalable web applications . The author did a very good job describing all the proper design patterns that should be used in the presentation tier . This book appears to focus on the most important architectural issues in web development such as integrating the presentation tier with the business tier . I was also impressed with the author 's ability to clearly defined how the new generation of struts design patterns should be used when building scalable web applications .
 It 's my first book on STRUTS and it needs your patient to follow author 's steps , but it works ! I actualy learns lots about STRUTS from this book . From this book I see great power behind STRUTS . The drawback of this book is that it cover too many things for a STRUTS beginner.The work of author should be appreciated .
 The first Struts book I bought was `` The Struts Framework
 This book will definitely help you get started building Struts applications . It goes into great detail when explaining the config files and each of the struts components . It also gives good design approaches to help you create a good Struts app.It does n't give you that many examples about the tag libraries but this book is n't about tag libraries.I will definitely recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn and build Struts applications .
 This book explains how Struts works in great details . It explains the bolt and nut of each component , the Action , the Form and the tags about how it interacts with one another . It also talks about each attribute of the struct-config file and why they are there . Other books would just list it and follow through . In one Chapter , it ` dissects ' an application with step by step explaination . Down to the details of what happens when each line of the programs executes . It helps me understand why I need to do something , why I should not and what the alternatives are . Another good thing about the author is that he can look at a problem with different propectives so he could anticipant what questions you may have and answer it at the right moment.On the other hand , you could be annoyed and find it verbose if you are familiar with Struts or you just want to set up Struts and just make it work .
 These guys put together a wonderful book , I 've read it twice and find it not only an excellent reference to Struts 1.0,1.1 and Tiles , its also a great introduction to using web app frameworks in general , and general J2EE framework design and best practices . You start out with a high level overview of Struts , then drill down all of the topics that make up the framework , Actions,ActionForms,Struts-Taglibs etc. . . Lets face it , every web app framework you come across is gon na basically boil down to the Command pattern , this book is a great way to kickstart your understanding of Struts and the topic in general , which you can then use to bridge out from into any framework you come across , webwork , turbine , custom in house , whatever.In short
 I 've been struggling with Struts for many months now and I finally am understanding . I 'm making progress on my first struts app and I could n't be happier.The book includes best practices along with a description of the technology , so that you know how to use it and how to use it well . It also gives you options , for example when dealing with View components . First it shows you how to use JSP with Struts taglibs . . then once you have that , it shows you how to use Tiles . . then once you have that it shows you how to use Velocity . Good stuff.It is a rare gem of a geekly book that is as helpful as Struts in Action . Most geekly authors forget that not all aspects of their technology are implicitly understandable ... this book does n't have that problem . I often find when I 'm reading the book that I will think to myself . . `` Hmm . . I wonder if that means I can do * blah * '' and then I read the next sentence and it almost says , `` You may be wondering if you can do * blah * ... `` I really feel like I 'm having a dialogue with the authors instead of reading a book . I can not recommend this highly enough .
 These guys put together a wonderful book , I 've read it twice and find it not only an excellent reference to Struts 1.0,1.1 and Tiles , its also a great introduction to using web app frameworks in general , and general J2EE framework design and best practices . You start out with a high level overview of Struts , then drill down all of the topics that make up the framework , Actions,ActionForms,Struts-Taglibs etc. . . Lets face it , every web app framework you come across is gon na basically boil down to the Command pattern , this book is a great way to kickstart your understanding of Struts and the topic in general , which you can then use to bridge out from into any framework you come across , webwork , turbine , custom in house , whatever.In short
 A great read , cover-to-cover . Detailed , well-explained examples outlining every why , what , and how of struts and web app architecture in general . In depth coverage of new Struts 1.1 features including Tiles , Validator , Scaffolding , and Velocity templates that you wo n't find in other books -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . Chapter 15 is the climax of the book , pulling everything together in one comprehensive example .
 A friend recommended this book to me . I had already bought another book , but felt it had many gaps . I borrowed Struts in Action , read a couple of chapters , and was very impressed . The examples are great - nice and simple to start out with - and the Struts Framework is covered clearly and in detail . I 've ordered my own copy , and I showed the book to a co-worker who then bought one too . All in all a great book .
 I 've looked over the other reviews and all they find to do is to complain about the lack of examples . They are correct . If you learn only by example , do n't buy this book - you 'll find it pretty tough . Fortunately for some of us , there are other methods to learn things than by seeing them done by someone.This book is excellent if you need to quickly get a big picture view of what Struts is and how/when to use it . Unlike so many other IT books which get bogged down in details from the first few meaty pages , this book follows the simple and mature but oft-bypassed `` pyramid principle '' of laying out first the big picture , then the first layer of details , then the next , etc. . It 's refreshing for a change , to have an IT book written by someone who knows who to explain things clearly.Other reviewers referred to the encyclopedic nature of most of the book . What they miss here is that Struts -LRB- as shown by the first few chapters -RRB- is not very complicated at all -LRB- at least after reading this book -RRB- . What else could the author write once Struts is explained , except for an in-depth description of the parts ? Once you know how Actions and ActionForms and Forwards and all those fit together , you got ta get to the nitty gritty details of how they work internally , and that 's what the author does.Overall , this book was one of my best buys -LRB- in the IT books category anyway -RRB- .
 I 've been developing -LRB- on and off -RRB- web applications for the last five or six years . I sincerely wish this book had been available when I got started with Struts a little over a year ago ; it would have saved me a lot of ramp-up time . The author explains the theory and benefit of MVC architecture and how Struts implements it better than anyone else I 've seen . I guess that 's not surprising since Mr. Husted is one of the contributors to the Struts development project . This well-organized book has provided me a clearer understanding of how Struts works and provided much insight into how to build effective and robust Struts web applications .
 Struts in Action is a good book that has some flaws . I had this book pre-ordered on Amazon from the minute I heard about its publication . The lead author Ted Husted is very active in the Struts development community and still manages a great Struts resource site.I read the book right away and spent a few weeks going over all the examples in the book . My overall feeling is that this is a good book but it suffers from a lot of the same thing that affects other Struts book . These books were published right around the release of Struts 1.1 and so they are on the fence where they talk about Struts 1.0 and 1.1 . Since I had used Struts 1.0 before , the sections that described the changes from 1.0 to 1.1 was very helpful.Like other books , there is some mention of JSTL but not any details . The section on tag libraries is extensive and well written.I just went through all my Struts books again as I had to teach a 6 week class on Struts . I went through the five Struts books I owned and I settled on ` Programming Jakarta Struts ' by Chuck Cavaness as my finalist . Struts in Action is really a good book but I felt the Chuck Cavaness did a better job of acting as a tutorial . So if you only want to buy one Struts book , I would recommend the Chuck Cavaness book . However , if you want more than one , I would highly recommend this book as your second book on Struts .
 I purchased Struts in Action because the web contains horribly incomplete and obtuse information about struts . I have to search through three or more sites to find what I 'm looking for , and then test and wonder if I got it right.After reading the reviews I thought this book thinking would be right on the mark , and after reading the first couple of chapters I was going to write a glowing review but ... So close . It 's a great book with 1/3 of the information missing . The big picture is here , it 's just not explained fully , or pieces are left out . Struts in Action starts beautifully , explaining the struts-config files , the details behind the struts-basic app , and an excellent later chapter about struts-tiles . This book just falls flat extending and scaling this knowledge in any depth . I was hoping for DETAILS about the struts taglibs , and I was let down by how it glosses over even some of the less granular points , such as what are the important and more oft-used attributes for each tag , and multiple examples of these tags in use -LRB- i.e how does the html : text tag use labels ? How do I set a static checkbox to selected ? Why was the html : form tag left out of the appendix ? -RRB- . It seems that the author just assumes that once you know the basics and go over the code , you can do anything . Well , that 's why I was reading this book , because I expected it to be full of examples and code . He does such a fabulous job with the config file , and then loses focus.Still , out of the current Struts books , Ted 's is BY FAR the most detailed , authoritative , and useful , and for these reasons worthy of an extra star.I 'd still recommend this book , but unfortunately it 's only as complete as the typically incomplete information on the Jakarta site . If you know nothing about struts , this will get you going . If you already know something but want to extend your knowledge in breadth and depth past the struts-config , you may be let down .
 That 's what I love the most about this book , it does n't just talk about how to configure and develop with Struts . It 's a web application manifesto . Anyone can write a book about how to use Struts to build a web application . That 's not the point . This book is ~ 8 people-years worth of first-hend developer knowledge -LRB- 4 authors x ~ 2 years of working on the Struts project -RRB- condensed down into 630 pages . It does n't just teach you how to use Struts -LRB- and Velocity and Taglibs and Tiles -RRB- , but why you should use them . That 's the most important thing this book has to offer . If your project is looking at using Struts & other Jakarta technologies , you need this book . If your project is currently using Struts & other Jakarta technologies , you need this book
 Overall this is a pretty good book for someone who slightly worked on Struts . I enjoy the first couple of chapters where it gives a very good overview of Struts and various configuration files . However , as you start to go deeper into the book , it starts to lack good examples and was throwing too much detailed information at you all at once . I do n't see a lot of people able to remember all these details after reading the book and apply them to their day to day works . I am ok with it since I am already somewhat familar with Struts . But I ca n't imagine someone new to Struts to be able to read this book and understand the materials the book presents . So unless you have worked on Struts for several months or been looking at Struts code for a while , you might want to read a beginner book first and come back to this to acquire more advance information .
 I am not sure if the most recent reviewers read the same book that I read . Struts in Action provides the gamut of simple to detailed information about the Struts framework . Additionally , the goal of the book is not to provide complete examples but to use pieces of code to actually show examples of the information that Mr. Husted is conveying . There comes a point where being spoon fed is something different than learning.For those who need a complete application for an example might I suggest `` Professional Struts Applications
 When I needed to learn Struts , I went first to the online doc , but found it wanting . I then went to the O'Reilly book on the subject , assuming it would be as good as other O'reilly material , but it just was n't . I did my due diligence and picked Ted Husted 's Struts in Action , and I have n't regretted it at all . It covers what needs to be covered , in a methodical logical fashion . Sadly , this is more than I can say for most tech books , not just the ones on Struts . Virtually every Struts book I looked at covered some things I did n't want to know about and left out stuff about things critical to me . Struts in Action was a valuable learning tool and continues to serve as a great reference .
 After reading the O'Reilly Jakarta Struts book I started reading this one . I have about one year of Struts experience so I am not quite starting . The difference between the two books is striking . This book gives you all the nuts and bolds and puts the whole Struts framework in the conceptual context it deserves . O'Reilly 's book is a good book for starters but does not really leave the surface . So it is good to start out with but you really should move to this book to get the work done !
 I purchased this book a while ago and its been my primary source for all Struts related questions . I 've purchased other books on Struts , this is by far the best one . It has comprehensive examples and makes a great reference .
 Although the book has lots of information and has many details , there 's really no substitute for actually programming a MVC application with Struts . Struts is simple enough that most of what it offers can be learned by writing applications and looking at the API , which is open-source . The fine grained minutia is not in the book and has to be discovered manually . But , if you own his book , you can just ask Ted!Also , before embarking on a trip with Struts as the framework , it is vital to understand the MVC pattern . That pattern has its advantages and its disadvantages .
 After wadding through a few on-line examples and having dealt with another struts book which I found to be poorly organized , I recently turned to Eclipse in Action.This is the book for me ! I found it to be tight enough on information that you do n't fall asleep as you work your way through book , but also well organizd enough to be useful . It contains some surprisingly dense sections masquerading as a long series of small examples . The tiles chapter comes to mind as a good example . In what appears to be an idiots guide to converting a non-tiles page to tiles page he manages to visit several possible patterns for using JSPs and struts from no-struts at all to subclassed definitions in the tiles.xml , stopping along the way and `` spoon-feeding '' the difference between all of the confusingly similar tiles tags . Such apparently simplistic lines such as `` rename the < tiles : insert > to < tiles : put > elements '' serves the beginner , but also serves as well as any bullet list of differences for the more experienced developer . This is particularly the case , when you are looking in your books to help you debug an apparently valid , but non-functional use of something obscure like a tiles tags which you pasted but forgot to change , or in which you accidently used the wrong attribute.Reading this book , you could tell that the authors were very familiar with the material enough to discuss various choices , providing useful explanation for their particular designs . They also , did not bother to list ever possible choice and XML attribute choosing instead to explain how to use the important bits and assuming you can use the terse on-line documentation yourself for other more obscure bits.Despite the fact that in one chapter I realized I was reading something by one of the co-authors , because it was sufficiently different than the other chapters , I think some credit is due the editors at Manning . Recently they seem to have produced , not the thickest books on a subject , nor the most encyclopedic or pedantic , but certainly well organized and very readable and thus very useful books.Overall , I recommend this book for general learning and reference . Sure I might suggest you wade through the shorter but much less readable O'Reilly book , if you really find some compelling need to write your own RequestProcessor , but if you want to learn how to use Struts as it was intended from some of the folks who have been using it , I 'd recommend picking up a copy of Struts In Action .
 These guys put together a wonderful book , I 've read it twice and find it not only an excellent reference to Struts 1.0,1.1 and Tiles , its also a great introduction to using web app frameworks in general , and general J2EE framework design and best practices . You start out with a high level overview of Struts , then drill down all of the topics that make up the framework , Actions,ActionForms,Struts-Taglibs etc. . . Lets face it , every web app framework you come across is gon na basically boil down to the Command pattern , this book is a great way to kickstart your understanding of Struts and the topic in general , which you can then use to bridge out from into any framework you come across , webwork , turbine , custom in house , whatever.In short
 We were given the task to design an enterprise application . Of course , ya need a framework and where else do you turn ? Struts ! This book was one of the better I looked at when it came to concise , clear , and detailed information . It explains why to develop with struts and gives an explaination of how to develop an overall structure that is worth every penny . BUT ... I sure do like examples and , although there are quite a few , none really give the ENTIRE process from A to Z . That would have helped even more ! The examples you get are A-C , then G-L , then P-Z . So the info is there , you just need to understand how to implement it .
 When I started to use struts , 2 years ago , there was hardly any documentation to be found -LRB- other than the docs and examples on apache 's site -RRB- . This book came at the right time and provided many answers to the problems I was facing and gave me a good overall understanding of the struts framework.However , this is not `` the perfect book '' and the domain it covers is very dynamic so if you want to be successfull with struts you HAVE TO follow the discussions on the struts mailing list -LRB- I found most of my answers there -RRB- and even to pick at the source code.I recommend the book as a good starting resource .
 This is the life story of Matthew Henson , the Black explorer who went to the North Pole with Peary . The first-hand tales of Henson 's Arctic exploits are told in straightforward prose , full of personal touches . One can almost see the twinkle in Henson 's eye as he related these stories to listeners to whom the Arctic was as remote as the moon.Henson was a key player on one Peary expedition after another from 1892 through 1909 . He went with Peary virtually every step of the way on every expedition after Peary 's first crossing of Greenland . Henson built sledges and other equipment , handled the dog teams , took his turn out in front by a day or more breaking trail , and , most importantly , developed a close working relationship with the Eskimos , whose assistance was the key to reaching the North Pole . Henson is not shy about his own contribution , and that view is supported by the three introductions to Dark Companion by Peary contemporaries MacMillan , Freuchen and Stefansson . These testimonials alone are reason enough to buy this book . MacMillan , a tenderfoot on the 1909 Peary expedition to the Pole and an Arctic explorer in his own right in later years , readily admitted that Peary took Henson to the pole because , with all of his experience and abilities he was the best man for the job . And Henson 's courage -- whether pushing ahead with Peary despite lack of supplies , relying on hunting skills to avoid almost certain starvation , or facing constant danger from moving , crushing , and suddenly parting ice , or fighting walruses from kayaks -- is indisputable.These Arctic accounts are available in other sources , including Henson 's own book , a Negro Explorer at the North Pole , and books by Henson 's fellow travelers , Peary , Bartlett , MacMillan and Borup . But only in Dark Companion can one read Henson 's account of survival in another inhospitable environment -- late 19th and early 20th century America.The Arctic was a place where Henson could contribute his full potential . Not because Peary or his white companions were civil rights crusaders , but because the environment of the north simply demanded too much to afford the luxury of limiting any person 's contributions on arbitrary racial grounds . By contrast , Henson 's life outside the Arctic was a struggle against diminished expectations and unspoken slurs at best and outright racial hatred at worst . But in telling the story , Henson focuses on the exception , the kindness of the sea captain who tutored him and taught him to read , as the defining influence in his life.Upon returning to America after Peary 's expedition to the pole , Henson 's contribution went largely unrecognized . In fact , critics openly attacked Peary for taking a Negro on the final leg of the North Pole dash . Early on , the argument , by Cook supporters , was raised that Peary must have taken Henson because he did n't want a `` credible '' witness . This , the argument goes , would leave Peary free to make phony claims , since Henson would presumably be either too stupid to contradict Peary , would not dare to contradict him , or would be ignored.Henson continues to be caught in the crossfire of modern Peary critics . To discount the possibility that Peary might have chosen Henson on merit , critics routinely have referred to him as Peary 's manservant or valet . Yet Peary listed Henson as an assistant . Henson was only a `` valet '' once , when surveying in Nicaragua prior to 1892 . Some recent critics disparage Henson 's lack of `` full literacy '' and analyze his every statement looking for inconsistencies to prove him a `` liar . '' Henson 's recounting of his adventures to Robinson , some 40 to 50 years after the fact , does , to be sure , contain some inconsistencies in the details . Still , one wonders why some critics readily excuse what might charitably be called far greater memory lapses in the accounts of Frederick Cook , a `` white man , '' while branding Henson 's mistaken recollections as lies . But Henson never wavered on the essentials
 Hi.My name is Aviaq Henson from Greenland.I believe that Matthew Henson had wrote that book because all he said was true , why would a black man lie to write that book while there was still much of racism in societies . Only a true story would let a black man write in the early times.Greentings from Greenland .
 i must say this book initiated feelings i had not expected.i bought the book as a source of african american history butas i read further , i got drawn into the life of a kid from thelast vestiges of slavery who despite the obvious nefariousconditions for a black kid during those times , was allowed tofollow a dream of exploration by gaining and earning acceptancefrom those good people willing to `` give the guy a chance '' . This book is much more than a story of a black kid who despitenever ending verbal attacks -LRB- many to this day -RRB- did what he wishedand contributed to humanity , it is a book that proves thereare no limits whenever humans are able to forget their minordifferences and intelligently solve any predicament.Kudos to Mr. Robinson !!!
 I found this book to be inspiring . I have always found 19th and early-20th century polar expeditions fascinating , and this account is a great read . The hardships endured , and the bravery required to undertake such a feat is simply amazing . Do they even make people like this anymore?The story is gripping in an of itself , but the fact that Mr. Henson , an African-American , teamed up with a white explorer , Peary , makes it even more amazing , and it should be applauded that Peary chose his crew solely on their ability to get this incredible job done , instead of political and sociological considerations.I recommend this book highly .
 This book is an inspirational read . I 've always been fascinated by polar explorers -LRB- especially the early ones -RRB- because of the privations they suffered , and for nothing but recognition and desire to see what has n't yet been seen.Juxtapose the sub-plot of a noted Naval navigator , driven to make his mark in the world , forming a relationship with a black man -LRB- very free-thinking in those days -RRB- that made both men stronger than they would have been on their own , and you have a truly a fascinating story.It 's too bad that so much has to be made of the fact that Henson was a black man , but it mattered then , and sadly , it matters now . If Peary did n't think it was issue 80 years ago , why is race still an issue ? This is the question that forms an undercurrent to the story in the book . Someday , perhaps , we 'll talk of Peary and Henson 's exploits , and the word `` black '' or `` white '' will only be relevent when disussing seal noses and snow ...
 This is a wonderful book for all ages . I wish that I 'd read it as a kid because it portrays the enormity of the challenge in a way that astounds the reader.That Mr. Robinson had the blessing and resources of Mr. Henson really adds to the authenticity of this work . It reads really well . Mr. Robinson assembled the memoirs with great craft and thought without leaving you feeling that the writer was in the way.Instead , he wrote a compelling story of an amazing feat that brings the reader right inside the story . Honestly , there were so many instances when the descriptions were so perfectly written that I felt that I was there.From Matt 's running away as a child to his tutelage on the sea on to Central America and Greenland.Matt 's early days with the natives of Greenland . Their acceptance of him as a lost brother -LRB- ancestral memory of the African Diaspora ? . . who knows ? -RRB- His learning their ways . The bear hunt was incredibly invigorating to read.There are so many chapters that boggle the mind . The chapter where Peary 's toes get frostbitten , and how Matt saves him . This was November in the Arctic . Pitch black ; unimaginable cold . The hardship was palpable . And when Matt broke through the ice , I had no idea how he could 've survived.An extremely compelling read . Whether you 're 8 or 80 , this book is a Great Adventure and I ca n't imagine anyone having written it better . When you 're done , do n't forget to visit the website which is a wonderfully rich resource . Verne has devoted a great deal of love and energy into it.Thanks for preserving this book Verne !
 The account of Matthew Henson 's life as depicted by this text is extraordinary . I am a teacher and a member of the military and I can vouch for the line that `` he was a better man than any of us '' . This is an excellent choice to read as it provides an exciting nonfiction account of Henson 's life . You feel part of the journey that he experienced . I could not put it down and it was better than any fiction novel I have ever read .
 I was 14 years of age when I first read Dark Companion , and it set the course of my life . Being a black child , I , like other blacks , or Negroes as we were call then -LRB- 1948 -RRB- were told of the so many things we could not do . `` White people would never allow you to do this , or that '' we the youth were told by our -LRB- well meaning -RRB- elders . My childhood dreams would be shattered the moment I spoke them aloud , , that is until I read of Mr. Matthew Henson adventures . His life story blow my mind . And convinced me that black people could be heroes too.After that reading experience , no one could convince me that I could n't do the things , and live the life , I have lived . Proof , I am now the author of WHAT 'S A COMMIE EVER DONE TO BLACK PEOPLE ? -LRB- a Korean war memoir -RRB- Publish by McFarland Publishers 1997 . Also , RETURN OF THE AFRICAN AMERICAN , by Kroshka Books , both are true life adventures . I am also nearing the completion of a series of African mythologies -LRB- illustrated books of children 's stories -RRB- Stories I learn during my 11 years of living amongst the people of my ancestors in Ghana , west Africa , who adoptive me during my Sankofa there.Alone with my grandfather , who was 12 , when the civil-war begun , Mr. Matthew A. Henson memories will always remain with me . He was one of the first African-Americans , sources of inspiration to me . And I strongly encourage all to read his Dark Companion . I also salute Mr. Bradley Robinson , and his son , for their authorship.Curtis J. Morrow Author
 Includes valuable information about MPEG4 coding and delivery standards . It would have been better with some code samples
 I want to say first-off that Ms. Foster is a very gifted writer . The forming of such a complex story from start to completion could only be accomplished by a writer with an excellent grasp of the craft . It is evident throughout the story that the author has researched her subject matter and has incorporated details of character development , location and overall presentation with this research in mind . May I say , `` Well done , Ms. Foster . `` The story of forbidden love is set in the year 999 . We meet Thorgunna Vagndottir , Lady Jar , mistress of the Isle of Tiree . A young , beautiful widow captured in the clutches of the evil self-named god , Loki , who lusts after her beauty and the power she possesses as the mistress of Tiree . He is determined to rule and reign over her and all her kingdom.We are introduced to Lerf , son of the ruler of Greenland who is shipwrecked on her island on his way to Norway , where he hopes to open the lines of trade between the two lands , and whom is destined to become one with Thorgunna.Thorgunna is gifted with what she calls ` The Second Sight . '' The story whirls around her visions as she battles the evil villain , Loki , for control of her soul and her island . We watch her struggle against the love she can not control for the beautiful Viking that hungers for her , yet must continue on his journey and the quest that is set before him . Little did he know he would hold the secret to Thorgunna 's freedom . `` Love 's Second Sight '' is brimming with supernatural events , demonic inspired turmoils and the search for the one thing that will end the terror and the evil plot of the self-made god , Loki . That can only be accomplished in the acceptance of the White Christ who has authority over all . Unfortunately , Thorgunna must battle her own fears , doubts and hatred that has been instilled in her from previous self-made demonic gods , before she would ever be able to trust in the true God , a God she can not see . Her journey and that of Leif 's causes one to wonder if theirs will always be a forbidden love . Wonder if she will ever open her eyes to the only God who truly can transform her life and still the storm within her . The answer to that you will have to find out yourself.The only drawback that I had with this work was the strong sexual content that fills the pages . If you are not comfortable with detailed sexual experiences then you will not want to read this work.Final analysis
 `` Love 's Second Sight '' is a great , imaginative story based on stanzas contained in medieval Icelandic texts `` The Vinland Saga , the `` Greenlander 's Aga '' and `` Saga of Erik the Red . `` Thorgunna must rule an island as a woman in an era where men are in charge . At the same time , she is agonized by Loki , the God of Lies -- trapped between the old gods and the Christ.It 's easy to see why this book has garnered so many great reviews . There is top-notch writing throughout , a compelling storyline and an ending that will have your heart pounding . I will look forward to more from Darragha Foster . Recommended .
 Thorgunna is the Jarl of the island of Tiree . Loki comes to Thorgunna in her dreams and he wants to make a deal with her . If she worships him as her God and gives him her virginity , Loki will protect her people . But Loki is a liar and a trickster , which Thorgunna knows . She must be cautious when dealing with Loki but she does n't know who else can protect her people . The King of Norway wants the beer Tiree produces and with him comes the new ChristianityThorgunna has a second sight . With it she sees that she will never meet the man she is married by contract to , instead the man she will eventually fall in love with will arrive at her island . The deal she makes with Loki prevents her from making love with this man though . If they make love , Loki will kill both of them as well as the people of Tiree.Leif is traveling to Norway when his ship was wrecked in a storm . Once there , he hopes that King Olaf will recognize Greenland so that traders will come , bringing wealth to the land . He arrives at Tiree to make repairs to his ship . Leif and Thorgunna are attracted to each other and spend time together . As the days progress Leif 's desire for Thorgunna grows . Thorgunna too desires Leif and when he asks why she holds her self back she tells him of her pact with Loki . At first Leif keeps his distance from Thorgunna but his need for her is too strong.Thorgunna and Leif have many obstacles in their way . Along with Loki 's wrath , Leif must leave Tiree to make a life for the people of Greenland and the people of Tiree need Thorgunna 's leadership so she must stay on there . They have no future together and yet their love and desire for each other deepens and they consummate their relationship . Loki will not allow this though and he causes chaos to ensue on the island.The time comes for Leif to leave Tiree . After meeting with King Olaf in Norway , Leif is baptized and converted to Christianity . When he arrives back home in Greenland with the help of his mother , they begin to erect a church . Proclaiming Greenland a christian land . If Christianity is brought to Tiree , Loki will be furious and war between the Gods will rage forth.Love 's Second Sight is a very profound and intense story with the romance often being bittersweet . Thorgunna and Leif are separated and long for each other and while away Leif is faithful in his love , he wanders a bit . This is a very sexual story that is often mixed with violence . It 's not for the faint of heart . Love 's Second Sight is fascinating , dark and sensual . It will take you on an unforgettable journey.NannetteReviewed for Joyfully Reviewed
 This is one well written , fast paced story ! I was easily able to visual the places and people . The story line was interesting , fast paced and the characters well developed . I highly recommend this book .
 The story line was fast paced and captivating . Steamy and erotic ! The characters were strong and well developed . Ms. Foster made me care about what happened to them . By the time I got to the second half of the book , I could n't put it down . I was up reading until 3:00 am , with a flashlight , so as not to disturb my sleeping husband . Hard to believe that this was Ms. Foster 's first novel - I 'll be waiting impatiently for the next ...
 Even if D. Foster was n't my sister , I 'd still write the same things about the book . Once I started reading it , I could n't put it down ! Thorgunna and Leif found true love in each other and I felt like I was right there with them sharing in their adventures . I would like to see a second book come out telling about their life together .
 My nomination for a perfect , crystalline Saturday
 `` Hold out your Teddy Bear arms ... ! '' -LRB- hug , hug -RRB- That 's how storytime begins with this book , which will encourage active participation even in babies who are n't signing.Very cute pictures of babies and helpful captions for parents on the pictures of signs make this a series of books you will enjoy together again and again.Teddy Bear , Teddy Bear includes many very useful basic signs . This is n't my favourite of the series - I guess because it 's a rhyme , not a song , but DD2 still loves hearing it.Recommended for ages 1-2 only , as it 's a very basic rhyme that older toddlers will probably not sit still for for long .
 So cute . I 've always loved this rhyme anyhow . The pictures are sweet and colorful , and I love the picture-summary of all the actions at the end , particularly for children not yet able to attend to pictures for long . It 's a great warm-up for my speech and language sessions with toddlers and preschoolers with lots of receptive and expressive language opportunities , imitation , and improvisation . Nice job !
 we already had a book from Annie Kubler that Marylou loves -LRB- Head , Shoulders , Knees and Toes -LRB- null -RRB- -RRB- as well as a sign language book from Joy Allen -LRB- Baby Signs -RRB- so i thought we had a good idea of what to expect . i went with teddy bear because i just could not remember the song but remember loving it as a kid and i wanted to share that with our daughter . Marylou was 17 months when it arrived and we have n't had it for very long.the design was pretty similar in style to our other Annie Kubler which we like . Marylou seems to find the drawings engaging , they seem simple to me but i 'm not the target audience my daughter is and she likes it . One difference in style that bothers me is the drawings are smaller with more on each page . its a longer song and i can see why but my daughter does n't love this book as much as the other one.The song is exactly what i was trying to find and Marylou seems to find it fun , she does pay more attention to me then to the book.The sign language is n't exactly what i was hoping for . Mostly its cute and easy to follow and Marylou is watching me closely while i sign the song . the down side is `` turn out the light '' its very hard to see what i 'm supposed to do with my hand , is that a fully opened hand ? a closed hand ? just two fingers ? i do n't know sign language and am learning with my daughter while teaching her so i wish that part was clearer because i do n't know the sign . i do like that on the back pages is the different signs repeated which is super helpful for the learning momma : -RRB- for an added bonus the different pages have different babies . each baby has a teddy bear that matches the cloths the baby is wearing . for us this means another learning angle for the book ; colors , dots , stripes , stars , ect.Marylou seems to bring me the book often -LRB- but not so much that i feel like putting out of reach for a break -RRB- so i think she likes it . :-RRB- she does watch momma way more then she looks at the pictures in the book . the best part is that it is in fact the song i grew up with it : -RRB-
 I bought this for my daugher when she was 14 months old . She already knew some sign language , and I thought she would enjoy this book . I 'm not sure that she learned any signs from the book except for `` teddy bear '' , but she sure loves moving to it and following the directions . I do n't know if this rhyme traditionally had a tune , but I made one up for it . Whenever she gets squirmy when we are out , I start singing the little tune , and she hops right up and follows the directions -LRB- turn around , touch the ground , etc -RRB- . She 's not quite as interested in it now that she 's 21 months old , but it 's still a very fun book to read .
 I have a 10mth old girl and she just loves this book . I found the seller great to purchase with . I had no hassel at all . Makes buying fun when you do n't have to worry about delays .
 This book will probably be better known as `` The Book MJ never wanted you to read . '' The truth hurts and there seems to be a lot of truths in this book . I visited the website atgbook and read some of the documents that back-up Mr. Chandler 's claims , very strong stuff . I only wish his nephew would testify . Why is it when someone writes a book so strong the opposition always comes out with the same tired stuff ... `` You only wrote it for money '' , think of something new to say that has some meaning . There are only 2 people that know what happened and 1 of them is facing charges at this time , I do n't think the young boy from 1993 has ever been charged with any crime .
 After reading three books on this subject -LRB- all that Glitters -RRB- , -LRB- Michael Jackson was my Lover -RRB- , And -LRB- Redemption by Geraldine Hughes -RRB- I have come to the concusion that the first two books are the only true story of what really happened in 1993 . -LRB- All that Glitters and Michael Jackson was my lover both follow the same timeline and direction . This book tell the real story of how the victim and his family were not only a victim of Michael Jackson but of his Fans and the people who never took the time to sit down and give Jordie 's side of the story a chance . Michael Jackson was my lover was banned in this country so the real story was never told . I think everyone owes Jordie chandler a chance by buying this book or Michael Jackson was my Lover to hear the real truth of what happened . Jordie at 13 had the guts to come forward and tell his story . One of the hardest things for any child to do is to Tell when this type of thing happens to them . the guilty parties in Jordies story is not him and his family but MIchael Jackson and his fans . I think we all owe Raymond Chandler a big thank you for telling this story and having the strength to have this book printed after the other book was banned By Michael Jackson to keep the real story from coming out . If we had listened in 1993 there would of been no trial in 2005 and several kids would of been saved from the King Of Pop . To the Fans of Michael Jackson grow up and listen to the cries of little children , their tears are real .
 After reading this book and hearing the Uncle interviewed , I believe that Michael Jackson was a pedophile . It hurts to say that because I was a lifelong fan of Michael Jackson . I 've decided that while I still love him for his tremendous talent and music he gave us and honor that , I do n't love his other , darker side . There were many points in the book that rang true for me . One being , why would any normal man want to live with a mother and son and sleep in the bed with the son while there is an empty room available night after night ? Where there is smoke , there is fire . The highly trained experts that interviewed Jordie believed his detailed story . I put a lot of stock in that . It is sad how the father Evan ends up being crucified , but to me , he was the hero for fighting for his son to get out of that unhealthy situation and put a stop to it . He then fought again not to give him back to the mother and Michael . It took a lot of guts , integrity and guts to my mind given what he was up against .
 Jordan was the second of three child molestation charges Michael Jackson received . The son of one of Michael 's maids was the first one.If Michael did n't want these accusations to come about , he would have done better to stop sleeping with other people 's sons . Many concerned friends and family warned him that it did n't look good when middle-aged men ca n't stop sleeping with boys.I expect rabid fans will consider it all lies , or make excuses for Michael 's behavior.Read Jordan Chandler 's statements on the internet , make up your own mind as to what might be the facts.Jordan did not ever recant his story , that was a rumor that was spread after Michael 's death .
 I love Michael Jackson , but who the hell thinks it 's o.k. to sleep in bed with little boys ? There is more to it than that . This book is a good look behind the scenes in Michael Jackson 's life , from the point of view few fan 's , other than little boys , get to see . To Michael Jackson fans -- Just read the book with an open mind , do n't be a fool to overlook who Michael Jackson really may be . If he is a nasty pervert , like he would want anyone to know , right ?
 Another great book that has MJ fans screaming . You can always tell a good and truthful book on MJ by the lack of stars that reviewers give it . MJ fans basically spend much of their time going on to Amazon and reviewing the MJ books . I ` d go so far as to say that many real life pedos get on here too and defend MJ ` s sick personal lifestyle . They give 5 stars to the MJ books that promote the cover up of MJ ` s crimes , and they give only one star to the MJ books that try to get the truth out to the public about MJ ` s sick personal lifestyle . This book ` s written by Jordie ` s uncle , so i ` m sure he knows more than what MJ fans know . Oh , that ` s right , the Chandler family are just cashing in and are after MJ ` s money . Even if they were just after MJ ` s money , it does n`t mean that they ` re lying now does it ? They obviously must have some sort of hard evidence against MJ to risk taking to court the biggest and most powerful pop star . And if they were just cashing in and wanting lots of money then they ` d write positive stuff about MJ in this book because they know that it would sell more copies if they please MJ fans . But it ` s more important to the chandlers that they get the truth out despite massive pressure from MJ ` s army of fans . I highly recommend the public to read this book and then make up their own minds about who/what MJ was . Buy and read this book before MJ fans try to have this book suppressed . As you can now see , this book ` s already becoming very hard to get and it will almost certainly be near impossible to come by in about 5 years time if MJ fans get their way . Never mind the victims and their families speaking out and having their say . In MJ fans eyes , MJ ` s image as a nice hetrosexual man must be kept at all costs .
 Like Jackson or hate him , if you want to see what happened during the first child molestation claim from the family 's viewpoint this is the book to read . Raymond Chandler , the uncle of the victim and brother of the victim 's father , narrates this tale for the reader . He shares conversations , feelings and even encounters , both positive and negative , with Michael Jackson fans.Is this book biased ? Of course it is . It is told from a family member and insider . But knowing this , All That Glitters gives a perspective on this settled case that has been missing for many years.You do n't need to interested in the Jackson allegations to enjoy this book . In fact , the one person who finally bought their own copy after reading mine had no interest in Jackson at all . This book is , more than anything , a sad saga of how the possibility of riches and stress of a possible criminal trial tore apart a family being held together by the thinnest of strings . It illustrates how those on the opposite side of the table used father against mother , victim against parents , and so much more . In the end , there were no winners.It is on my must-read list , and not because its about Michael Jackson , but because it is about humanity .
 Finally the facts behind the original molestation charges against Michael Jackson come out in a book written by lawyer , Raymond Chandler , who is also the boy 's uncle . Written by one who observed it all , Chandler gives a fascinating but fact driven narrative of how the events played out in 1993 . The facts
 This book , is , supposedly , written by Ray Chandler , brother to Evan , who initiated the accusations , eventually made against Michael Jackson , by his son Jordan . The books release date was timed to coincide with Michael Jackson 's trial in 2005 . Ray Chandler was all over television promoting his book and making his own accusations about having PROOF , of Jackson 's guilt , at the time.I think it is an excellent read , AFTER you have researched the actual court documents , because this is the story of how the love of money , warped with greed , ambition , envy and revenge , can destroy so many peoples lives . even a decade apart . . Since , Michael Jackson 's death in 2009 , the court transcripts from the related trial , in 2005 , as well as the Chandler information have gone online and due to the Freedom of Information Act , the F.B.I. has released their files on Jackson , also . This information , now available to the general public , does NOT bode well , for the Chandlers . We see that the 2005 trial was essentially a new family , -LRB- Gavin Arvizo and family -RRB- using an old ruse , to shake down Michael Jackson -LRB- in fact the Arvizos , continued to interact , with Jackson , as they visited civil lawyers , same as the Chandlers , and had their atty fees all worked out and signed and sealed for a pending lawsuit , all in place , same as the Chandlers , ... before the police were ever called ... same as the Chandlers.No surprise there , since they sought out the same lawyer , the Chandlers used . Larry Feldman . . Same civil atty Larry Feldman working this deal , -LRB- Chandler / Arvizo atty -RRB- Same psychologist Stanley Katz involved -LRB- Chandler/Arvizo psychologist -RRB- Same ambitious , enabling , prosecutor Tom Sneddon at the helm , ignoring and / or burying exculpatory evidence regarding Jackson in favor of the accusing family , in the hopes of a show trial . -LRB- Chandler/Arvizo District Atty -RRB- And same seedy tabloid reporter Diane Dimond feeding the pigs , -LRB- Chandler/Arvizo / District Atty office mouthpiece -RRB- with a few other new names thrown in , like Martin Bashir . I should mention that the jurors said after trial , they actually wanted to SPIT ON BASHIR , they found him so deceitful . . So , the 2005 trial DID NOT support the Chandlers accusations , as Ray Chandler said it would on his many television appearances , INSTEAD , it exposed their playbook , and indeed , the 1108 testimony , regarding old allegations , including the Chandler family , crashed and burned on cross examination , particularly , when June Chandler took the stand .14 NOT GUILTY VERDICTS , on trumped up charges , including no jail time misdemeanors and a note from the jury , saying they were confident in their verdicts.So much for Mr Chandlers predictions.However , the damage was done , and the bogus trial took its toll on Jackson 's health , career and finances , just as it did with the Chandlers.We also see , thanks to the court transcripts that Ray Chandler . while lamenting the fact that his nephew would not testify in 2005 , neglected to tell the public , while pitching this book , that HE ALSO REFUSED to testify , because JACKSON 'S side wanted him to come in.He HID behind the Ca shield law as a publisher , all the while pretending to be so self righteous , while mugging for the camera , and promoting his book.This is always worth repeating , because I think it speaks to the character of the author . . The Chandler men , never will say anything under oath.Interestingly enough , while RAY Chandler is on tv with supposed proof of Jackson 's guilt , the prosecutors DID NOT call him in , only Jackson 's team did . . Evan Chandler was NOT called in by the prosecutors either.Jordan refused to testify according to FBI files and said he would sue them if they tried to get him to come in.FIGHT it all the way . . Ray Chandler said he left the country but there was photos out of him skiing in Utah , at the time of Jackson 's trial , seemingly having a wonderful time , with no worries whatsoever ... Since , this is nearly 2013 , and we have more information available , on line , through court proceedings , we can access , the legal strategy for the Chandlers , which was to , refuse to go to criminal court , where they would have been subject to cross examination , and continually try these accusations through the TABLOID PRESS , which effected Jackson 's endorsement deals , and brought more lawsuits for concert cancellations etc , to squeeze him into a fast settlement or be dragged through civil litigation , and depositions , for years , tying up his career . . Indeed , the Arvizo family accusations , in 2003 , ruined Jackson 's album release , tied him up for years , and put him behind the eight ball , same as the Chandlers did.ALL THAT GLITTERS BY RAY CHANDLER is the blueprint for a story about a couple of selfish , fame hungry , divorced parents , trying to beat each other to the front of the line in Michael Jackson 's life.Truth be told , neither one of them put their son 's well being first , , they both continually used the boys admiration for MJ , and MJ need to try and belong to what he considered , a normal family , with people who cared about him for himself and not his money or fame , to try and remain in his life.Sadly , this is something that eluded him , his entire life , until he became a father himself . . Frank Cascio , another person , who was around at this time , would say in his own book , that Jordan had told him his father , who had never had much time for him , until he became friendly with MJ and all his connections , was very jealous of MJ , and indeed , MJ was a mentor and father figure to many children . . June Chandler , who initiated contact with MJ , and put MJ , on the spot , , right in front of the boy , to please take their number and call him because he was such a huge fan , , , , , , , , , was trying to line up her next meal ticket in MJ as husband number three , inserting herself in his life , and inviting him to her home constantly for dinner and to help her child with his homework , so Jackson would feel a part of the family.It worked , because Michael truly did consider Mrs Chandler , and her two children , extended familyIn court in 2005 , she could recall trips she had made on private planes with MJ , meeting celebrities ... ALL . the perks ... BUT nothing much about their lawsuit from 93 . . , That , she HAD told MJ , times were tough for her , both financially and personally , and she had told MJ she was afraid she could n't trust men in her life anymore , so naturally he made every effort to be there for her and both her children . . , A very naive man , indeed , not to have seen through her ... She also testified she never saw any untoward behavior . . Evan Chandler did n't have as much finesse . . It was attested to in court by June that Evan immediately was thrilled that his son had met Michael , because now he would be SET FOR LIFE !! Immediately started asking for MILLIONS and to have an addition put on his home at MJ expense.It would seem , Evan became angry , when he realized , he was not going to be partners with Jackson in the 40 million dollar movie deals with Sony that MJ had , since , this would-be , screen writer , hated being a dentist and owed money , including 60 grand for child support . . He saw his new found meal ticket distancing himself too.And indeed , later MJ had told people that he was initially interested , but his business people did n't like the idea , and he believed his reneging on his initial interest , in screenplays , and avoiding Evan regarding his change in interest , was the catalyst , for these accusations ... Actually , this was what Evans first negotiations were about , even before , he made the molestation accusations ... Getting money for SCREENPLAYS . . Evan Chandler had already started the wheels in motion , with civil attys , long before he made any accusations.This was all about a family who felt they had been exposed to the good life and felt a sense of entitlement from Jackson , and resented going back to their everyday lives . . Once again , in hindsight from court documents , we find out that NONE of the Chandler men , would ever testify to ANY of these accusations in a court of law , . in 93 or 2005 . THE CHANDLER MEN will NEVER say anything , under oath . . Not just the son , BUT the supposedly irate father AND the Uncle , who wrote this book , AND hit every talk show promoting this book , but , at the same time , was fighting , tooth and nail to stay out of court , when MICHAEL JACKSON 'S SIDE called him to testify to the very stuff he spoke so freely about with a camera in his face . . This is a sad tale of the destruction of a family and Michael Jackson ... , but it had everything to do with greedy parents , who thought the end justified the means.Not surprised to hear the son , was almost killed , OVER MONEY , in 2005 by his own father , who SUPPOSEDLY saved him from this predator , and secured him this generational wealth he has today , from that insurance settlement . -LRB- was n't Michael Jackson 's money , they got paid off with , it was an insurance policy ... paid off in increments , almost as if you are paying off a refrigerator ... -RRB- ... . . Another interesting note is that , while Jackson died in June of 2009 , Evan blew his brains out in Nov of that year , It is reported that he had been very ill , but it is also true that the FBI files , which do n't bode well for the Chandlers , since MJ is virtually cleared in every one of them , but DO show the lengths Jordan Chandler was willing to go to to stay out of court , were also COMING OUT . . and This is It was playing world wide in movie theaters , . . Michael did n't realize this would ever be shown , of course , but he certainly seemed to , genuinely , be a kind and gentle person in that documentary ... I think that had just as much impact on him taking his own life at that time also . . Jordan Chandler is reported to have hoped this thing would subside after his father died and was relieved , but frankly , I would think he should have been relieved , in June , when his supposed abuser died , not when his father died . . so I would guess , the person that really tormented this kids life was his own father , and indeed , no one even showed up to claim the mans body or his ashes . . So much more information out there now , it is a shame this info was n't shared by the media , because they were making money off salacious stories as well.I think everyone should check out the court transcripts and FBI files as well as the countless books now out from others who were around Michael Jackson for a lifetime , and not just for the thrill and status , and the big take , . . like the Chandler family . . As the saying goes . . Hindsight is 20/20 . .
 I am reading this book in my ... english class . This book has everything there is for a book to become a great book . This is probally one of the best books I have ever read.Some of the names are hard to pronounce , like Schyld Scheffing , but it becomes easier to read as the book goes on . My class and I have all enjoyed this book very much.I would recomend this book to anyone and everyone .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The book Beowuulf
 I do n't really enjoy reading gory books , but this was an exception . It is a pretty good book with tales of a brave hero . I just wish that Beowulf did n't seem so perfect . Unferth had a horrible death and I wish that he did n't . The book would be much better if Unferth lived and plotted evil agains beowulf
 Hey , all of you people who are interested in reading this book ! I read this book in my History class because this is the first known copy of Old English Literature . I would give it a 5 stars , but I could n't . I would be lying . The book is hard to understand to some young minds , and even being an experianced reader , I found it diffucult to read and understand . However , it is a great tale of an unlikely hero -LRB- kinda like Shrek -RRB- that uses his weaknesses as strenghts . I would make it a pretty good book , but not the best ever .
 This is a particularly arresting retelling of one of the great seminal works of Western literature . In our Performance English Program -LRB- CRDG The University of Hawaii -RRB- , we use it as an entry-level introduction to this classic at the 7th grade so that when students re-encounter the story in the more conventional translation by Burton Raffel at the 12th grade they are predisposed to enjoy it in spite of its considerably greater difficulty . Students have been known to ask if they could skip assemblies so they could continue our in-class oral reading of the Robert Nye version without interruption . Lively narration , wonderful characterizations , great imagery . This story lives
 I used this book with my sixth grade class to explore our theme of ancient heroes . Nye 's retelling kept my class totally entranced with Beowulf and his adventures . ALthough it does not follow the original it does introduce young students to the hero , and those students who were more enthralled read other versions . When Nye 's retelling is compared with the orginal it opens up discussions ... even for sixth graders !!
 I love this book !! I first read it in 7th grade for a book report , and now in 8th grade , I read it a second time . It 's even better than before !! Out of all the versions of Beowulf I 've read , this one is the best . The details and descriptions are exciting , and each day I read this book , finish the book and start over again . It 's the best I 've ever read !!!
 Beowulf was an intresting new telling by Robert Nye . The advantage of the book was that it was shortened and the reader does not have to sit through 300 pages of idle and boring conversation . Nye does an excellent job in shortening the renowned tale , and still keeping the magic of it.Grendel , a beastly ` thing ' , is terrorizing the a king 's court , and anyone who fights him using brute strength , is immediately gobbled up , but young and wise Beowulf comes to the kings court without a sword . The protagonist , Beowulf , believes that he can kill the monster by using his good . Everyone in the kings court is doubtful , and suggests that Beowulf should leave , but his determination , and confidence drives him to stay . In the night Grendel sneaks into the kingdom only to meet Beowulf face to face . Beowulf quickly grabs Grendel , and his good drains the beast of his powers , forcing him to retreat . Beowulf faces many more challenges , such as Grendel 's mother , and a Fire Drake , but uses his seemingly invincible good power to kill them all.The book is entertaining and I was able to finish it without taking my eyes off the novel , but the downside , the reason it was not a five star book , is that it became repetitive , when Beowulf received no real challenge , and always was able to use his good to vanquish any evil .
 Beowulf
 Here you have a re-telling of the story , Beowulf , for those age 12 and up . The reader will enjoy its good , solid , plot unencumbered with the sometimes odd -LRB- or stupid -RRB- twists and changes that the `` visionaries '' in Hollywood have repeatedly and needlessly used to enhance it.It retains the original 's storyline , but for those of us who are not fluent in `` olde English , '' it 's in quite simple modern English.The themes of good vs evil are clear . The main characters are well enough developed so that the reader can enjoy each
 Great book . I teach 7th graders that have never willing picked up a book to read . This book does this . The students love the blood , guts , and gore . Even if it is above their level , most students ca n't put it down .
 The story Beowulf should be like a role model for other books . This books is very interesting and exciting for most of the book . It is like a roller coaster of thrill . You 're on the edge of your seat all the time . I would give it 4 stars out of 5 because it has a couple flaws . For one it seems on the cover of the book and the review on the back the whole book would be about Beowulf fighting Grendel , but that is only half of the book . Also it gets pretty dry and dull at the end . It seems that the author started using less and less detail at the end of the book . Other than that I say this is a great book and recommend it to anyone who wants to read a great book .
 The story of Troy , Alexander the Great , or the Illiad has nothing on the story of Beowulf . It has been retold by Robert Nye so that children can grasp it . This story held my class captive as we experienced the adventures of Beowulf.The children gained recognition of the differences between fact and fiction , which becomes entangled in the minds of men as their love and admiration for a hero grows and thus a legend is born .
 My daughter was 11 years old when I bought this book . She was the most un-willing child to get into reading . My brother gave her this book and she has read it 3 times . I recommend this to anyone with a child who is n't interested in reading
 I liked this book a lot . It converted ancient history into what people love to read these more modern days . I 'm a 7th grade student in Indiana . I read all the time , but this is one of the best books i 've ever read.it 's really hard to believe this used to be ancient folklore . I recommend this book to all people who like a good book .
 Reading this book opened up an entire new set of ideas for me . Here 's the deal . On the surface Beowolf sounds like an outrageous story where the hero does things that obviously no real man could do . For example he dives under water and comes back up 8 hours later . It is easy to dismiss this as a fairy tale.Robert Nye , however , tweaks the story some and in the process gives some interesting hints about what is really going on . What if this story told what was made to appear to happen ? What if there was a conspiracy to make things appear to happen when in fact what was really going on was a scam , a sting , a rip-off ? A kind of ancient version of the various `` great robbery '' movies?Look at it this way . When you go to see a magic show you know that you are being tricked and you try to figure out how the tricks are done . If you wrote down what you saw on stage , you might write , `` then he sawed the lady in half , moved her head and feet around away from each other , and then put her back together and she was unharmed ! `` One can look at Beowolf the same way and it makes sense ! Just suppose certain people are in on it with Beowolf . Only his men , plus Unferth , are present when he `` fights Grendel '' . Unferth 's aggressive behavior with Beowolf `` forces '' Beowolf to tell an outrageous story about swimming for 5 days and makes sure that no one would think that Beowolf and Unferth could be in on anything together . No one sees him fight Grendel 's mother and , again only his men see him emerge from the water . And only his men see him fight the Dragon , which they then throw in the ocean so no one could see the body . Could you imagine trophy hunters in Africa throwing the body away before anyone had sen it ? NO !! They would want everyone to see the huge thing they killed.In this sense the story of Beowolf is like a big insiders joke . Like , `` Look at the way we fooled these yokels ! '' `` Look at how much can be accomplished by tricking people ! `` Interestingly he always has 12 men and one man always dies when a `` monster '' is killed . Is this some kind of secret society human sacrifice stuff?The payoff ? The King gives Beowolf a huge treasure , `` all '' of which Beowolf then gives to his own king . -LRB- Or does he ? -RRB- Later Beowolf gets to be king and no other tribe will attack the land governed by this `` mighty warrior '' . I love this book . Robert Nye deserves a lot of credit for writing a young person 's book with depth that challenges adults . Fairy tales will never be the same for you after this . Maybe the daily `` news '' wo n't be the same either ...
 As an English teacher , I do not like reading abridged and &#34; translated &#34; versions of books ; however , Robert Nye does capture the essence of the story in a way that holds students ' attention . Furthermore , his version allows me to engage the students in occasional excerpts from the unabridged text , thus allowing for meaningful experiences in critical analysis .
 This is an entertaining retelling of Beowulf . It is very easy to follow with the way that it is retold .
 -LSB- note
 I recently purchased Beowulf
 I have taught this version of Beowulf in 7th grade for a few years now . I use it both with TAG students and slow readers . Kids love it because it is fast-paced with lots of -LRB- gory -RRB- visual imagery , but there is also just enough symbolism and kenning remaining from the more difficult versions that they feel they have really `` tackled a major literary work . '' It makes a wonderful addition to a folklore/mythology unit , or it can stand on its own . I am sorry that it is so hard to find in regular bookstores , because my kids always want to go get a copy for themselves . It has intrigued many of my better students enough to go get a `` real '' copy and try to match the chapters in the Nye version to the verses in the poem .
 Review by Tavia WeberThe book Beowuulf
 this book is almost all actoin about a man who is a very strong and kind warrior . he knows that the goodness inside of him can defeat any evil . he uses that knowlage to kill monsters . The book is a little confusing at times , but everything elese is very creative and understandable . I would sugjest this book to 11 year old and up for the concern of some grusome scense . it is only 94 pages , a good lengh for a bed-side book . by the way-beowulf is the guy on the horse not the monster on the cover : -RRB-
 The story Beowulf should be like a role model for other books . This books is very interesting and exciting for most of the book . It is like a roller coaster of thrill . You 're on the edge of your seat all the time . I would give it 4 stars out of 5 because it has a couple flaws . For one it seems on the cover of the book and the review on the back the whole book would be about Beowulf fighting Grendel , but that is only half of the book . Also it gets pretty dry and dull at the end . It seems that the author started using less and less detail at the end of the book . Other than that I say this is a great book and recommend it to anyone who wants to read a great book .
 I came across this little book some years ago and it spurred me to an avid interest in the Beowulf saga.First off , I must admit that this story has MAJOR revisions from the original manuscript version which is about one thousand years old and written in old English . Like a Hollywood movie `` based on a true story '' , Mr Nye made many changes to the story.What I really liked about this story , however , is that the author has Beowulf admit that there is deception in what is being told to people . In my opinion this idea of deception is the key to understanding the original Beowulf saga . Consider...-Every battle Beowulf has is hidden from plain sight . We have only his version of events to go by . - `` Grip strength of 30 men '' is impossible to measure , unless we are referring to Masonic type secret grips which carry insider status power.-Unferth 's confrontation served as a perfect opportunity for Beowulf to claim modesty yet brag about himself endlessly . Beowulf tells a verbal proof story about killing sea monsters that sets up the idea of him having super-human swimming powers.-After Beowulf 's King is killed , and everyone but Beowulf slaughtered , Beowulf shows up on the beach back home with 30 sets of armour and a tale about killing that many of the enemy before swimming back home with the loot . Hmmm ... There are many more points I could list , but I leave the rest for you , dear reader , to discover ...
 So depressing . It 's snowing again ... cold , melancholy ... a suicide attempt that is a plan to end up in heaven as angels , turns into a disabled lifetime .
 Barbara Kellerman gives us yet another great compilation on political leadership . This book is very comprehensive , covering almost every aspect on political leadership . From types and styles of leadership , to leader-follower relationships , to psychological explanations for why leaders lead and why some do n't . This is a must for any student on political leadership , and anyone wanting to know about the subject in one book .
 The sixth edition of The Macintosh Bible is the best that has yet been written . Insightful , full of good information . I recommend this book to all new and experienced users that do n't already have it . Not only does it give specific advice for everyday Mac uses , it also shows users what else is out there to create , use and experience . An absolute must for all Mac users .
 A great reference and entertaining read for any Mac user , from beginner to advanced . I 'm a voracious reader of books about Mac hardware and software , and I still picked up some great tips and insights . Best of all , the book is written in a lively , friendly style . Highly recommended .
 The Macintosh Bible series has been excellent , but this edition is wonderful . So much so that I had to buy a 2nd copy ; it 's heavy to take to work every day and then home every night . But the detail is what even experienced Mac users need to deal with almost every relevant topic , day after day.Virtually all facets of Macintosh operation are covered sufficiently to overcome some of the -LRB- alas -RRB- now-expected roadblocks even in my favorite computers ; for example , Ms. Aker and I agree that when it comes to providing a trustworthy , loyal , helpful , accurate , obedient , friendly , and kind installer for a new operating system , the folks at Apple Computer have , as is the nicest way to put it , have made progress , but there 's lots of room for growth . She ably steers you around the icebergs.The book is quite thorough for people using up to Mac OS 8.0 or 8.1 ; also , there 's more on OS 8.5 than I 'd have expected , given the publication date . Many thanks to Apple for assisting this , providing enough material on the newer OS to let her deal effectively with it.This book is not only elegant in terms of describing the use of an excellent computer ; it is also written beautifully . If the author had shown it to our former College English Composition Board , she 'd have scored at an enviable level . Making technically complex procedures easy is very difficult , but she succeeds admirably.The jokes , brief historical anecdotes , and other details make it a pleasure to read and use . It sets a standard , in my opinion , not only for the present present but for the future .
 The strengths of this book are the tips to getting yourself out of trouble . The interesting part of this book are the interviews with the major players in the history of the MAC . Gives a chance to those people to voice their opinion of the state of the MAC .
 This book is a must have for all Mac users . The title of this book descibes its content . Sharon Aker is an excellent author . The book is easy to follow , covers ` every ' topics , and ... its just great ! . Its a great reference book
 its a good book , if you are reading this review , skip the first chapter . I wish it had information of the newer OS like OS X. I learn many simple things about Macs I had no idea.good book !! The is a newer Mac bible , take a look on that one .
 1,00
 This book should probably ship with every new MacIntosh . It brings out the Mac 's potential in a way that gave me new appreciation for its elegance and simplicity . In an enjoyable -- albeit hokey -- style , the author not only presents the information about hardware and software that it is expected she give , but often does the MacIntosh user 's work for him . In the section on the software application QuicKeys , for instance , the are several pages of useful suggestions as to what keys the reader should assign to various tasks when using that program . That is amazing , that is not even the book 's main task and it is more nuts-and-bolts , time-saving information than the very manufacturer of Quickeys supplies with their own software . The same is true in the section on how to set up an Apple menu . I just followed every suggestion the author made ; it saved me time , works like a charm , and I 'd never have come up with that stuff on my own . It 's even a fun book -LRB- for Macheads -RRB- to just jump around in in one 's free time ; such browsing will almost always yield new knowledge or a useful trick or shortcut . I doubt that Windows users have this much fun learning about their OS , and I doubt that Windows could yield a book that makes such integrated sense as this one.I only have one annoyances with this book . First , the author fudges and glosses over real explanations of some of the more difficult concepts such as Apple Script and memory . It 's as if she 's so determined to make the book all-inclusive that she settles for doing a less than satisfactory job with advanced material that she 'd have been within her rights to simply leave out of the book . In these instances , she seems to lift a lot of information out of the Mac OS 's documentation , and fails to supplement those often spotty explanations . No one is going to understand how to use Applescript by reading her account of it . Also , the book supposedly comes with an interactive , `` readers only '' website , with the password to that website hidden somewhere in the pages of the book . It 's so well hidden that I 've had the book for 9 months and still not found it.All in all , indispensable , and I 'll be buying the OS 9 version when it comes out .
 I have been using macs for about ten years and had read earlier editions of the mac bible and loved them . But after becoming an old mac hand -LRB- ignorance is bliss ! -RRB- I had stopped feeling the need for newer editions of the mac bible . But last week my mother bought her first ever computer , a really sweet G3 Powerbook , and in preparation for flying across the country to tutor her I went shopping for some reference books to give us a hand . I bought the Mac Bible , the Mac OS 8.5 Black Book , and the Microsoft Office 98 Visual Basic Book . The Mac Bible is far and away the most helpful of the bunch . Easiest to read , most in depth and with valuable opinions , real life applications and a sense of humor . In fact I decided to return the Black Book and buy a Mac Bible for myself to take home .
 I got my first Mac ever about a year and a half ago , being a PC person before that . Being a book fanatic , I used this Mac purchase as an excuse to go out and buy lots of Mac books ! The Mac Bible was one of the first I bought . It still remains the book I consult most often.I found it had an absolutely fabulous `` history of Mac '' section , so I was able to catch up on all the Macs through history . I was keenly interested in that , and still am . I love to read about the old LCs , and such . -LRB- Yes , I 'm a pathetic geek . -RRB- But there 's more to that to this book . Just lots of explanations on OS features , different kinds of problems you 'll encounter , and some of the best software to use on a Mac . It has a great index , so you can find the information you need quickly . I have it by my Mac at all times . What would I do without it?I ca n't explain it - this book has EVERYTHING . I read it eagerly -LRB- I even had it before I got my Mac ! I ordered the Mac , and read this book while waiting for it to arrive . -RRB- This book helped me adjust to the world of Mac-dom very quickly . And now , a year and a half after my first Mac , I am a full-fledged Machead , thanks in part to this book .
 Excellent book ! Well written and superbly done . This book takes you from the very beginning user all the way through to being able to find problems . The most helpful areas are the ideas and links to products . Great tips and shortcut ideas . Super for both the beginner and the expert . A must have for anyone who plans on using the MAC . Easy to read and follow , this book is not `` boring '' like so many computer books . I would recommend this to anyone .
 There are four major parts to this book : . Looking at the Mac , which talks about the Mac in general from an overview of the operating system to storage systems and printing . . Getting Productive which walks about common business and personal applications like word processing , databases and spreadsheets . . Getting Creative , all about graphics , web design and HTML , after all , the Mac is reknown for its capabilities in the graphical area . . Extending your Reach , reaching out for the internet , for networks and even working with Windows machines . This part also has a chapter ` Switching to the Mac from Windows . ` In a bit over a thousand pages the authors have room to cover nearly every aspect of working with a Mac . This book covers the standard everyday tasks that you 're likely to do on a Mac . From here , of course you can go on to more specialized programs if that 's where your job lies . For instance in the graphics area , iPhoto , which is supplied with all new Macs is covered . But if you 're a graphics professional you probably want some more professional . And the book talks about the professional level packages such as Adobe Illustrator & Photoshop , ACD Systems Canvas , Macromedia FreeHand , Corel Painter , and others . It does n't cover these in detail , but at least talks enough about them to get you started on deciding which is best for your needs.This book is , as the title says , the Bible of the Mac . It does n't contain everything there is to know about the Mac -LRB- if it did you could n't lift it -RRB- but it certainly contains enough to get you well started .
 I recently had an excellent opportunity to try out this book as I made the switch from the PC to a new 15 '' PowerBook G4 . This is the type of book that very few people probably read from cover to cover . Rather they would read it as a resource book when they are having troubles or questions . As I made the change from one OS to another I found myself going to the book eleven times . Two of those times the book did n't answer my questions . But for the most part I learned what I needed to know each time.If you are about to make a switch or are having issues with your Mac I would recommend this book to you .
 Whether you 're a beginner or an expert , you 're sure to find dozens of useful tips and insights . It 's also a pleasure to read . Literate , up to date , and user-friendly . Only one caveat
 It has some thing for every skill level . Beginer to Pro . It is clear and to the point . With very little page filler . You get lots of book for your buck . The CD-ROMs you get with it are ok . If I had it to do over , I would have skipped the CD-ROM verson of the book . A good book
 Like the evolution of a species , the Macintosh Bible has reached a new 6th edition . The book , like the Mac OS itself , is elegant to use and aesthetically pleasing to the eye . What is particularly useful are the new additions on the use of the Macintosh on the Net and the developments in website design . There is a real feel for the Macintosh here , the computer that all others wish to copy . Essential
 I taught computer classes at a high school and had every sort of Mac from the SE/30 to IMac in the same room . This book helped me with every computer , with every problem , and stopped many classroom disasters . The format is easy , the index very complete , and you will never need another book for your Mac but this one ! The fact that it is concisely and even humorously written is a bonus !
 A quick glance at the table of contents is reason enough to peruse this book . Particular mention is Chapter 9
 There 's something about the lovely young ladies of Ai Yori Aoshi that tugs at the heart strings . Each has their own distinctive personality ; so much so that they are basically graphic representations of literary archetypes themselves.The eighth volume of the series is pretty much more of the same that readers have come to expect of Kaoru 's possible love interests . Several stories revolve around Chika-chan 's innocent infatuation -LRB- and her talent at extremely cute , chibi-plushies -RRB- and her eventual move to the mansion . There are also a few chapters dealing with Aoi and Kaoru exclusively . It was especially touching to see him subtly introduce Aoi to his Mother in a scene that has been played out just as well in other grand romantic series -LRB- Maison Ikkoku comes to mind -RRB- . All in all , volume eight pleases in the various aspects it encompasses -LRB- cuteness , fanservice , romance , drama , comedy , etc. -RRB- .
 This book is excellent ! It was even better than the movie . It was well worth the money to get it .
 Loved that the book arrived so soon . That was a nice surprise . It was everything it was described to be and ca n't wait to read very page .
 thanks for sending it promptly , it arrived much quicker than i thought it would and so i was able to give it as a Christmas present , God bless from daithi
 `` The dream of space travel is glorious , the contemporary reality is dismal , '' remarked William Sims Bainbridge in 1976 . But nowhere was it more glorious than on the front page of The Eagle , a weekly British boys ' paper , in Frank Hampson 's visionary comic serial , Dan Dare . The Eagle was published from 1950 through 1969 by the Christian Publicity Society and Hampson also drew a never-rivaled story comic of the life of Jesus of Nazareth called `` The Road of Courage . '' As he says in an interview in this volume , Hampson was n't religious , but he felt that `` young people were getting a rough deal in those years so soon after the end of the war ... I wanted to give them something that made the future more hopeful , in human terms . `` Hampson gave unstintingly , creating one of the most visually arresting comics ever , until the Eagle was taken over by corporate raiders , and the job fell to his friend , an equally fine artist , Frank Bellamy . As with Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers , Dan Dare spun off numerous toys highly valued by collectors -LRB- Young , Duin and Richardson devote an entire chapter to Dan Dare in their book , Blast Off !
 Not exhaustive by any means , but if you are looking to read sacred texts from many different religions , then this is a fabulous overview . A little from here , a little from there ... it can help to give a person a general idea of what was taught and help a reader to know what they may be interested in looking into further . This book is sizable too , you get your money 's worth without a doubt .
 After the War is a beautiful finale to the wonderful writing career of Alice Adams . In typical Alice Adams style , this novel follows the life of her main character , Cynthia Baird , and also weaves itself around the lives of other characters important to Cynthia . Utilizing the character `` vignettes '' that Adams so wonderfully writes , the novel takes the reader through the emotions of love , rejection , death and strengthening of personal character . Fans of Alice Adams MUST read this book !
 I 've used this book to teach my gifted students about changes in flight . The book begins with kites , then moves to hot air balloons , air planes and helicopters . It covers lighter than air , heavier than air , and controlled flight and explains the science behind flight in a way that makes it accessible for students without watering it down too much .
 This book is a facsimile copy of `` Nonsuch
 Advice takes center stage in this story of a young New York career woman who finds companionship and support with a group of older Latin American ladies . And , as the author traces the deepening relationship growing among this unique sisterhood , readers are reminded of the rich mix of cultures in our country and the fact that human emotions know no borders . Claire came to Manhattan shortly after college because she sensed `` the possibility of speeding toward something powerful . '' `` I sought adventure , exploration '' she says . `` New York beckoned with its endless avenues , chance encounters , and whirlwind of people and ideas . '' She found that and more - she found Isabella , a wise Latina who invited the younger woman to her apartment on Sunday afternoons where she hosted `` festive tertulias , '' happy blends of conversation and lunch . To her delight and edification Claire found that the food was always good , and the company even better as topics of conversation covered the gamut from marriage to motherhood , from courage to fear , and from relaxation to work . She is befriended by Aroma , `` a world traveler who happens to be an excellent gynecologist and Mexican down to her purple-polished toenails '' and `` the brainy Sonia , an Argentine by birth , who never fails to entertain us with her encyclopedic knowledge of literature and history , whether or not we want to hear it . '' Other group members are Luna , a Peruvian chef , whose `` meat turnovers are remarkably succulent because she always adds a jigger of pisco liquor to the filling , '' Pearl , a Bolivian American painter , and Winifred , `` an elegant landscape architect from Chile . '' Sunday afternoons are laced with recitals of cherished Latin American customs , nuggets of history , smile-provoking anecdotes , and sometimes contradictory sermonettes . Through it all Claire is exposed to ideas she might never have encountered and enabled to see her struggles , problems , and successes through a greater looking glass . A bilingual Spanish/English writer and translator and married to the esteemed novelist Oscar Hijuelos , Lori Marie Carlson has penned an unassuming yet touching debut , a languid tale highlighted by the magic of words and the power of ideas .
 I would love to spend a Sunday afternoon with Claire and her passionate and intelligent friends . This novel is a high note in my summer reading . My friends do n't want to put it down . We can all learn from the tertulia women . They shine como estrellas !
 How wonderful to see so many images of this academic community before its demise . While Jean Pond wrote a detailed history of the early beginnings of Bradford , Professor O'Malley has updated that intimate examination of the College through visual imagery and a number of background comments . Maybe someday someone will write the history with all its juicy gossip ... it would probably have to be in fiction form to avoid slander suits !
 This book covers the 1930s through 1999 , when Bradford closed . It 's 128 pages ; most pages are one or two photos and a paragraph narrating each one . It 's a fun read filled with `` Huh ! I did n't know that ! '' moments , and references to things both remembered and forgotten.I already owned an original of this book , signed by Professor O'Malley -LRB- whose class I enjoyed tremendously -RRB- . It was promoted through an alumni mailer in 2000 ... . just after the sad demise of Bradford . When some of us started up a Bradford Class of 1978 page on Facebook , I shared a link which everyone enjoyed . For kicks I ordered a new copy here , which Amazon let me do with the proviso , `` We 'll notify you via e-mail when we have an estimated delivery date for this item . '' Three weeks later I have it in my hands , identical to the original except for a slightly updated masthead . So now there 's a new print run and you can buy one for your own bookshelf.I also bought a used copy of the original Bradford
 This is a very fine book on Mahamudra . Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche -LRB- Karma Lodro Ringluk Marwe Sengge -RRB- is obviously a modern master ; who better to comment upon Wangchuk Dorje 's -LRB- 1555-1603 -RRB- book ? I have read several of Thrangu Rinpoche 's works -LRB- e.g. Pointing Out the Dharmakaya and Essentials of Mahamudra -RRB- and they are all high quality works . If you want to read a book on Mahamudra , it 's hard to beat him in quality , readability , sensitivity , etc. . If someone asked me to recommend a Mahamudra author , it would be him . Interestingly , he has also authored -LRB- published in 2004 -RRB- another book on the same text entitled
 This book arrived punctually and in excellent condition for which I am most thankful.I highly recommend this well written and easy to understand teaching of Buddhist meditation that covers the Mahamudra path to enlightenment .
 This masterpiece of science fiction is one of the best books I have ever read , if not THE best . I lent my copy to one of my friends and have n't got it back . For about 10 years , I have been searching the book , only to learn that it is out of print . This is one of the few books that should never be out of print . If you can find it , buy it and read it . You will be transformed .
 Luckily for me , I had a truly adventurous Oriental Religions instructor at San Jose State who made this amazing book required reading . The book unfolds on many levels , and through many readings I am still uncovering new revelations . Roger Zelazny was the best of many gifted sci fi and fantasy writers emerging in the 60 's and 70 's . I had the profound pleasure of meeting him at a book signing and found him to be bright , modest and interested in his readers . I still have my signed , tattered copy and can recommend this book along with Creatures of Light and Darkness , Jack of Shadows , Eye of Cat , Doorways In Sand , Dream Master et al. . Other novels , including the Amber Series , A Night In the Lonesome October , This Immortal and many others , can be enjoyed , shared and collected ... thank heavens for the prolific out-pouring ! I truly hope this wondrous tale is reprinted , as well as many others . I almost envy those who have never been touched , nay , transported to the multi-layered worlds of Zelazny ! They have so much reading -LRB- and thinking -RRB- pleasure in store ...
 This is my favorite Sci-Fi title and one of only two novels I have ever read twice . I 'm sorry to see that it is out of print.Essentially , the tale is about a society ruled by technocrats who have taken on the aspects of gods -LRB- specifically from the Hindu pantheon -RRB- in order to maintain thier vast power , which includes a form of immortality and adulation from the very populace which they keep technologically stagnant . However , with the help of the god of Death and his own unusual attribute , one of thier number sets out to break the stranglehold.The narrative remains thoughtful and human despite the otherworldly setting . The colorful characters leap off the page . If you manage to track down a copy , I recommend it highly .
 I first read this book the year that it won the Hugo Award for Best Novel of the Year , and my reaction was one of wonder and astonishment.Here we had the Hindu pantheon of gods introduced into science fiction , and the rather disorientating experience of starting the story in the middle of events . On first reading it takes a while to understand the background
 As an adult , I am really not in any position to evaluate this book . That is because I discovered this book as a teenager in the 60 's when it first came out , and I was completely mesmerized by the story . I was a member of a science-fiction book club , which sent you a book every month , and the trick was that if you did NOT want the book you had to return it ; else they would charge you for it . I got the book , did n't read it , was too lazy to return it , so I had to pay for it and finally decided to read it . I was -LRB- as most reviewers here agree -RRB- very lucky to have stumbled into this book.I do n't have anything new to say about the plot or structure , except to tell a personal story about the book which might amuse those of you who appreciate its intricacies . At the time I had to choose a book for an oral book report in english . The purpose of the oral report -LRB- for all students in the class -RRB- was to emphasize plot -LRB- two other reports were to cover character and background -RRB- . We had * five minutes * . I chose Lord of Light . I did not want to do a disservice to the book , so I did a -LRB- I thought -RRB- thorough summary of the important events in each `` lifetime '' of Sam . Needless to say , I went over 30 minutes . My fellow students were going out of their minds with boredom . My grade
 This is a science fiction classic , with a permanent place in my personal library . Great stuff !
 ... read this one . I boxed up most of my SF books years ago -LRB- after 30 + years of reading SF , one finds a lot of repetition -RRB- . This book I kept , and in a prominent place . Never . Never ! have I read a novel that is as original as what Zelazny created with LOL . It feels like fantasy , but then a strong underpinning of `` hard '' SF emerges ... and then there is the story of humanity , with elites -LRB- the original crew -RRB- and the mortals -LRB- the colonists -RRB- . I could bring up the context of the book -LRB- psychedelic 60 's -RRB- but , as with all great books , I think the period influences on this book are irrelevant . Read it , and re-read it . A great book .
 Roger Zelazny was the greatest science fiction writer of the century . This remains his most important work . It is nothing short of brilliant .
 I titled this review this because this book is true Roger Zelazny . This book follows in the way that the series of the Amber does ; very enthralling and entertaining.Hundreds of characters are followed and I enjoyed this must read book for Roger Zelanzy ' fans .
 This a a really creative , thoughtful , beautifully written and plain fun book that has really stood the test of time . A negative review here complains that it is n't really hard SF - and it is n't , there are some basic plot holes that you have to overlook - but it is definitely SF . I 've been trying to read the `` best SF '' books that I 've managed to miss , and unfortunately there are a lot of `` classic '' duds on those `` best of '' lists . This is nothing of the sort , and it should be on everybody 's short list for the genre .
 My favourite book . What more can I say ? : -RRB- I think this book contains more insights about people , technology , religion and ethics than virtually any other I have read . The first time , read it for the action and story . The second time , for the ideas behind it . Then , read it once more for sheer enjoyment.Above all
 This novel had a tremendous influence on me when I first read it over twenty years ago . Like the Iliad , like War and Peace , it is one of those few great stories that I keep coming back to reread every several years . It is a deeply humane book that truly moves the spirit .
 This is the finest sci-fi novel I 've ever read and re-read and re-read . And , as I imagine all readers of LoL agree , it is hard to imagine anyone reading it just once . It 's the potato chip of books . It 's a book you not only enjoy - it 's a book you like.LoL is a laugh-out-loud sci-fi adventure with a wonderful spirit . I first read LoL over ten years ago and have reread it several times since . The writing is witty and salacious and au fait and evocative . I ca n't recall a single dull page.Part of the genius of this work is Zelazny 's incorporation of the Hindu-Buddhist antagonism into a Star Wars-like world filled with high-tech technology and potent spiritualism -LRB- e.g. , the Rakasha -RRB- . Each chapter opens with a quote from the Hindu Scriptures , and the novel as a whole employs the Oriential technique of beginning with the end thus creating a vague sense of circular time and eternal recurrence.Five Stars !
 I read this book in 1989 . I have read only a handful of books that were written as well . I am an advid s/f fantasy reader , and have read perhaps close to a thousand novels . This one , still , is remembered fondly .
 The time you are spending reading these reviews would be better spent reading the book . It is a msterpiece of literature , pure and simple . Far and away the best thing Roger Zelazny ever wrote , and that is saying a lot .
 this is my personal favorite ; it 's hard to explain this book 's power and range to one who has n't read it - the scope of issues covered , the flow of the narative , the exquisite characters . suffice it to say that if you are looking to see what science fiction is about , what its role is in human interactions , this is The One .
 This is an absolutely wonderful , magnificent , masterpiece of science fiction . Why is this book out of print ? This is a crime of high proportions , that is , that no one is now printing this book . Please someone , I have read this book only from my public library where they have a copy , but I want to buy it sooo bad !!!!! Publishers of the world , you need to print this -- it 's the best !!
 Works on many levels , but it can be read as a great adventure like Ivanhoe or Treasure Island . Religon mixed with science and technology ; where is the line between them ? What direction can the corruption of absolute power take , when that power is life after death ! What could be done , if one could live a thousand lifetimes ? What would you do to live just one more lifetime ? The most disappointing thing to me , is that the author , in my opinion has never come close to equaling this book , but then , no one else has either .
 One of the great books of all time . Colorful and complex characters , political commentary , religious commentary , sex , war , mysticism , science , and awesome dialogue . I 've read it at least 6 times , and often replay it in my head . Can anyone explain to me WHY THIS BOOK IS OUT OF PRINT ??!!!
 Eastern indian mythology is bent to fit a scientific explanation . Brilliant treatment of an arcane subject and the best of its kind . Not to be missed .
 This is my favorite Science Fiction book.I hesitate to add another review to the lengthy list here . But in reviewing most of the 5-star reviews , and all of the other reviews , I was surprised that no one mentioned that this is a great ` buddy ' story . If you like Aubrey & Maturin , Frodo & Sam , or Jeeves & Wooster , you 'll probably like this book . The cynical word play between the two main characters -LRB- Sam and Yama -- who funnily enough are AKA Buddha and Death -RRB- is the best thing since Rick and Renault.The two main criticisms of the book seem to be that it is n't Science Fiction , and that it is confusing . I agree with the first criticism -- this would be sold as fantasy today , not Science Fiction . If you are an Arthur C. Clarke fan -LRB- a SCIENCE fiction fan -RRB- , you might not like this book . My own favorite Hugo-award winners are this book , and the Doomsday Book by Connie Willis , which should probably be classified as historical fiction , rather than Science Fiction . I do n't see the point of nitpicking about the boundaries of the genre . It 's a good book -- who cares if it is Science Fiction?But I do n't agree with the many reviews -LRB- five to one star -RRB- that say this book is confusing/difficult . The book begins with Sam 's re-incarnation , and it is obvious there will be a flashback at some point . There is a * single * break in the narrative timeline . It is introduced at the end of a chapter when Sam stands `` remembering '' as he travels on a boat , and ends when he dies -- so it is obvious that the next chapter will return to the timeline that opened the book . Some of Zelazny 's other work is more accessible -LRB- e.g. , the Amber series -RRB- , but some of his award-winning short stories are far , far more opaque.Finally a couple critics said the characters took themselves `` way too seriously '' . Surely , this is just a criticism of writing in this genre -LRB- and the fantasy genre -RRB- before 1970 . The characters in Heinlein , Asimov , or Herbert take themselves too seriously . And who takes himself more seriously , in all of literature , than Aragorn ? Okay , it all sounds a little puerile today . But 1 -RRB- it 's a bit like criticizing Jane Austin for sounding high-falutin , and 2 -RRB- While SF writing since William Gibson may sound more realistic and grown up , Neuromancer is -LRB- IMHO -RRB- far less fun , and far less funny , than Lord of Light .
 It was just a matter of time for SF to deal with religion . Especially pantheons like those of Greece and India . These provided fertile ground for experiments of any kind , whether in narrative or reference , or just plain food for thought fueled by speculation . And then there were sixties . Beatles , Dylan , LSD , summer of love , Woodstock and people rebelling against system . West opened the gate for Eastern spirituality , and many gurus were born preaching watered-down Brahmanism , Hinduism or Buddhism . Ancient and complex philosophy transformed itself into a new-age spirituality which was , in a way , birthplace of postmodern thought . In midst of it all , literature revived itself . New wave of Science Fiction came into existence and one of the landmarks of this generation was ` Lord of the light ' written by then-unacclaimed -LRB- despite the Hugo award -RRB- Roger Zelazny . It combined all that was necessary , drawing from what was present , developing it and transforming it into something bigger . Land of mystery , which India was during that time , became closer , became full of life , and then became allegory . Zelazny used Indian mythology to create a new world , somewhere in the infinite vastness of the Universe , and through its history he told a tale about the rise of oppression , religious decadence , and subversion . Much in the same manner like Christianity came into existence as opposition to Roman religion , Buddhism came into existence as opposition to Brahmanism . Zelazny focuses his novel on the prominent figure of Mahasamatman -LRB- or just plain Sam -RRB- , who , by invoking the ancient doctrine of Buddhism , tries to suppress and oppose the insolent power of self-proclaimed gods.And he did so in a way that transgressed the boundaries of the genre . Writing something that was , at the same time , fantasy and SF novel . Though much of his writing is crude and cramped , with weird syntax and sentence flow , ` Lord of light ' is still exemplary novel of what SF may be . It is n't just the space-opera , or aliens invading Earth or reckless scientist endangering the world - it is a complex speculation of the history of the future , and it tries to show cyclic nature of history and rise of the power . At some point during the writing , Zelazny buckled under the weight of the new style , which resulted in large part of the book concerning itself with battle , battle plans and futuristic warfare in a one-man-army manner . These parts are somewhat tedious to read and are the weakest point of the book.Genre fiction being what it is , and much of it is rapidly aging , we have to ask ourselves can we still read this today . Answer is , fortunately , yes we can . ` Lord of light ' was heavily influenced by its context , but Zelazny managed to do something that managed to defy this simplistic explanation . Context , and problems of the book are of the universal nature and they can be read and commented upon today , like they were 40 years before . Much of the novelty this book presented is gone these days , but what remains is the story about ethics , birth of religion , vanity and personal sacrifice . SF elements are prominent plot devices , setting up the stage for the upcoming battle and giving us something , by abstracting our thoughts , to comment upon but unlike hard-SF were technology of the future is the main factor , ` Lord of light ' remains in speculative , what-if mode which deals with concepts rather than concrete machinery.Almost half a century after it 's been published , ` Lord of light ' still remains one of the best works of science fiction . One of those works that can be read by people who usually avoid SF and by being such to still remain faithful to the genre . Observe and learn from Zelazny .
 Lord of Light by Roger Zelazny is one of those books that you ca n't give up on too soon . The first chapter was very interesting , but it took longer than that for me to really begin to enjoy the intricacies of the story and quite a while longer before I actually understood where this story was set.It was an amazing experience to find myself reading about godlike beings who had chosen to take their names from the Hindu religion . Siddhartha , Mahasamatman , Lord of Light , all are `` Sam '' , all are the same person who had spent his time as a god and did n't relish having to be in that position again . When Sam realized that those in charge of this world are gathering more and more power to themselves through the means of the true death or reincarnation into lesser beings for those who oppose them , he must do something to stop this progression . Enter the teachings of Buddhism which begins to convert those who are followers of Hinduism.All of this played out even more beautifully when I realized that the world this all happens in is not our world , but the world of another planet . I loved the contrasts between the powerful Hindu gods with their modern technology , even technology transcending our modern world and the peaceful , non aggressive beliefs of the followers of Buddha . One of my favorite characters was Rild , the assassin who wore his weapon , the red cord , wrapped around his arm for all to see . Yet that man was changed and converted by the very man he was sent to kill . The first time I encountered the machine outside the Temple where people put in their disk , pulled the lever and received their reward was so thought provoking for me that I had to stop reading for a moment . Religion a la Las Vegas . How brilliant of Zelazny to see and reveal some of the shortcomings of modern day religions . I do n't know if that was his exact intention , but that is what it made me think about . Once I realized that the chapters did not follow in a chronological order I could relax and almost treat each one as a story within a book until they came full circle and the ending was revealed.This was not an easy book to read , but it was a real pleasure for me . I sincerely appreciate having it brought to my attention and plan to read more stories by this author in the future .
 I picked this up a few days ago and have briskly read through the entire novel since then . This is undoubtedly an epic masterpiece . It is one of the best science fiction books I have read to date . The main strength of the novel is a strong story with an excellent setting . The world is one of ancient religions , literal god-like beings , and advanced technology hiding under the mask of supernatural power . I will not spoil the story but will only say that it is told on an epic Lord of the Rings type scale . The allusions to Eastern philosophy and religion is pretty awesome too . For a sci-fi novel the characters were pretty good . They were n't great like in a Dostoevsky novel , but they were n't completely one-dimensional as is the case in too many sci fi novels . In all , it was masterful . If I ever become a sci fi author , Roger Zalazny would be one of my primary role models .
 This is a story of colonists on a distant world , betrayed by the starship crew that brought them there , consigned to a medieval style life on a planet whose original inhabitants have not all been vanquished.This is a story of gods who set in judgement of mortals , rewarding the loyal and moral with reincarnation.This the story of men who have used science to hone their personal peculiarities into tools of great power.This is the story of beings called gods because their very appetites and essences are like natural forces.This is the story revolution on Earth.This is the story of war on Heaven.This is the story of a hero who never claimed he was a god.This is the story of a hero who never claimed he was n't a god.And all those stories are the same story as Zelazny mixes epic battles and individual duels ; the godtalk of high fantasy with talk of cigarettes and whores and flush toilets ; idealism and cynicism ; poetic language , the language of the Hindu Vedas , and Chandleresque dialogue ; the story of the Deathgod 's loves and hates and his friend the Binder of Demons , the Lord of Light , the Buddha.Zelazny provides enough science to rationalize the story , to remind us of the technology behind his Hinduesque gods , but not enough to become hard science or violate the tone of a wry , religious text where `` doubt ... is the chastity of the mind . '' It is this constant flux of the epic and ordinary , the personal and godlike , the wry and portentous that makes this book so unique and enjoyable.Those previously acquainted with other Zelazny works may find this the quintessential Zelazny novel in its combining so many of his themes
 This is one of the greatest SF/Fantasy books ever written I more than enjoyed this book it sits up there on my book shelf alongside Stranger in a Strange Land - magic .
 Some readers have said it better already . This is a classic . It is not about Hinduism and Buddhism , but it is about humanity , and religeon in large part . I read this book every year . I love Zelazny 's prose as much as anything , but I really love the central character . He is very passionate about this belief regarding all humanity , but is n't a raging lunatic . One of my favorite authors and my favorite book .
 This novel is classic and ageless , and it reads just as well now as it did when I first read it more than twenty years ago.On a distant Earth colony , some of the original settlers decide to keep the technology for themselves , dooming their own descendants to a brutal and primitive life . Those settlers with the high tech eventually take on the roles of the Hindu pantheon and become gods , turning the world and its people into mere playthings.But not all of the original settlers go for this idea . And eventually some of them begin to fight back in every way they can , to better the lot of the humans.Zelazny tells the story in a circular fashion - it is not in chronological order - and this might be initially confusing for some readers.the chronology actually goes : chapter twochapter threechapter fourchapter fivechapter sixchapter onechapter sevenThe author also packs a lot of characters , subplots , ideas , and information into a rather short novel . Some of today 's giants such as Robert Jordan and Steven Erikson would probably be able to get an 800 page novel out of each chapter . But Zelazby somehow manages to fit it all into about three hundred pages .
 I am a little bit embarrassed to admit that I have not gotten around to reading this before now . I am also a little bit embarrassed to admit that while I really really liked it , I did not love it.Like many readers , I came to Zelazny with The Chronicles of Amber . I read and reread that series many times . In the last few years I have been going back to read the other Zelazny books that I missed , largely been picking them up second hand since so many are out of print.Lord of Light is a clever and creative muse on the nature of power and caste translated into a science fiction/fantasy mix . It has laugh-out-loud witty moments and is occasionally extremely moving . As usual , Zelazny does a wonderful job at translating religious themes to the popular novel . Mahasamatman -LRB- or Sam , as he famously prefers to be called -RRB- considers his past attempts to break the spine of heaven while preparing himself for the next battle . He may not have wanted to be remembered for his anachronistic myth-making , but it is awfully nice to read.I am honestly not sure why I did n't love it . I think that something about the structure removed some of the immediacy . I also had a fair amount of trouble following the character and names for the first third of the book . Could n't say for sure . I do know that many true Zelazny fanatics consider this his best novel.Recommended , in any case .
 Earth is long gone and mankind has spread out into space . On one planet , a colony is under the rule of a band of men who have used their control of technology to make themselves immortal . Now they rule using the names of the Hindu Gods and Goddesses . Few dare oppose them , but there is one who not only dares , but plans to win . A man of many names , a binder of demons and also known as the Lord of Light . Sam , which is the name he prefers , will fight them all . No matter how many times he has to die to do it !
 The English canon has Henry V , the sci-fi canon has Lord of Light.It 's one of those books you pick up unsuspecting and just smacks you upside the head . I got it from the library in my teens for no other reason than I was reading the science fiction section A-Z -LRB- I 'm from Kansas -- we got books , drugs , and cow-tipping . I do n't do drugs . -RRB- It 's hard to believe this ever went OOP . but it 's back.If you 're a science fiction fan and you 're seeing this post , I assume you have n't read the book . You should . If you 're a wannabe sci-fi author -LRB- like me -RRB- , you really , really need to . Zelazny 's one of the greats -LRB- not necessarily including his Amber series , which IMHO is n't as good -RRB- , and this book is his probably his best work , though it 's difficult to say with such a superb writer.I 'm not giving a synopsis of the book -- why ? Read it for yourself and be surprised . Do n't read spoiler reviews and come to it with preconceptions . Far future , godlike powers , Indian mythology/relgion , and it works . How often have you read a work where beings with godlike powers could make you care what happens ? Zelazny pulls it off.I 've read this a few times over the last 30 years , and was just reminded of it by another , lesser work . This is one of my all time personal favorites , up there with Dune , Neuromancer , Snowcrash , Ringworld , Difference Engine ; though very , very different from and in its own way superior to all of them.I , uh , liked this book . Can I give it 11 stars ?
 I 'd recommend this first if you have n't tried Zelazny before . While plenty of his other novels display the wildly imaginative style he 's known for , this is the richest and most entertaining . Just please do n't expect to get an accurate education about Hinduism or any other religion in this book ; Roger is the rebel par excellence , borrowing any way he sees fit at the moment . He clearly knew more about the Hindu pantheon than your average sci-fi novelist , but he 's no Vedic scholar , and he was n't trying to be.SPOILER ALERT ... SPOILER ALERT ... SPOILER ALERT ... In the distant future , the handful of surviving humans have settled a distant world and developed a technology so advanced as to resemble godlike powers and magic in vitually all respects . The most powerful have adopted the forms of ancient deities and have become complacent and selfish . A powerful cartel united in the guise of the Hindu Trimurti ; that is , Shiva , Vishnu , and Brahma , have consolidated a monopoly on all technology so humans born into their world have no chance of progress or free will , thus assuring the Trimurti will live forever as gods in an eternal ancient India.Into this theocratic dictatorship comes Sam , the one original human who refused to adopt godhood , and who raises an army of unbelievers , demons , aliens and flunkies , to renew progress and free will again . The tale of his struggle is psychedelic , anarchic , and totally irreverent of all faiths . The reader is left to decide whether he really won the war or not , and whether Sam was just a man or in fact a god himself , as well as to contemplate the nature of religion as a tool for both liberation and oppression.Roger is the classic free-thinking iconoclast , adopting novel approaches like few in any genre . In some of his books the methods he used were almost transparent enough to bother me . In his best-known books , the Chronicles of Amber , he sometimes appears to have used D&D ; roleplay to outline the plot ; I can almost discern the individual moves in the game as the plot unfolds . In `` Isle of the Dead , '' he adopts famous artworks as templates for the time and place , a method heavily used in TV dramas like Star Trek nowadays - becomes a cheap gimmick too easily ! Even so , he brings on such inventive wit I find his inventiveness very stimulating . His books are big and adventuresome , pulpy and clever.So if you 've never read Roger , this is the book to get . My favorite line
 At last ! A masterwork that left me speechless and breathless with its intensity , originality and pure genius.I am lucky to have picked this one to be the first of Zelazny 's works to read . It proved to be the best one , too . After this novel I ran out and bought most of his other books , including the famous Amber series , but although they were all obviously written by the Master , they did n't come close to The Lord of Light.Call it sci-fi , call it fantasy , call it drama or literature or simple legend - you can get away with it all because they are all entwined into this massive ball of power , dragging you along with every paragraph , every event . Take care to read carefully - the plot goes ahead in time then back then jumps off completely but that only adds to the fascination that you 'll feel once you get the whole picture.Needless to say much . Read it ! I ca n't imagine anyone who will be disappointed by it .
 The only bad thing that I can think to say of this book is that is a bit disjointed -LRB- ok , a lot disjointed -RRB- . But I 'm used to reading John Barth and Philip K. Dick novels ; they are good preparation for the jumpy narrative and time line . If you can stand to be perplexed for the better part of each chapter -LRB- as to exact time and character/s that your dealing with -RRB- , than you 'll absolutely love this book . If you 're easily confused or are looking for a quick read , than you may want to look else where.With that aside , I would compare the battle scenes to a more poetic Robert Jordan . You know ... back when his novels had action in them . Zelazny truly has command of the language he uses to describe fighting.I 'm a Sci-Fi fan and I highly recommend this .
 Rare among the works of Science Fiction are books that have achieved the masterful integration of wonderful prose language , adventerous spirit , compelling charachters and thought provoking social commentary . A study in man 's ability to deal with power , as well as the ties between religion and power , Lord of Light prevails in effectively communicating its point through a truly intriguing setting . A unique premise , combined with Zelazny 's engrossing language and imagination serve to create a novel that is just as enjoyable when read the tenth time as it is the first . Challenging in language , thought , and structure , the reader must be quick , intelligent and capable of inferring details Zelazny has omitted so that he could create a mood that transcends the boundaries of science fiction , fantasy and modern prose.Timeless in its ideas and brilliant in execution , Lord of Light is simply , a masterpiece .
 The other reviewers pretty much said it all about this book , which justly deserves its 5 out of 5 stars.The one small contribution I can make to the collection of rave reviews of this book is : You know how some books are pretty good but they lose their appeal after the first read ? This book has an extremely high re-read value . It 's like Neuromancer
 The time is the unimaginably distant future , and a group of astronauts from Urath -LRB- Earth -RRB- have used mental , physical , and biological technology to become incarnations of the Hindu Gods . Opposing them is one of their own , Mahasamatman , who prefers to be called Sam . Sam resents the physical oppression and spiritual slavery imposed upon the non-divine inhabitants of the planet . This is the central theme to the grand vision of Man 's destiny put forth by the late Roger Zelazny.Touching upon many themes , including the conflict of church and state , an increasingly important subject today , who or what is divine , the blurred distinction between `` good '' and `` evil , '' societal engineering , and eugenics , Zelazny crafted an intensely compelling tale that won a Hugo Award when it was first published . Like many of his characters in such diverse works as the Amber series , `` This Immortal , '' `` Jack of Shadows , '' and `` Isle of the Dead , '' Sam , despite being a god/superman , by any rational definition , shows a humanity and fallibility that makes him an appealing character as he searches first for meaning in his life , and later , his place in the world/universe , all the while questioning and second-guessing his own self.From an action viewpoint , `` Lord of Light '' offers plenty as Sam , his human , and inhuman allies battle the Gods and Demigods in the battle to free the planet from oppression of the Gods . As always Zelazny 's imagery is incredible and all of the characters offer a depth of personality , and yes , humanity , which makes them all complex , interesting , compelling , and immensely satisfying .
 While A NIGHT IN THE LONESOME OCTOBER may be Zelazny 's most fun book , LORD OF LIGHT is probably the greatest . It 's science fiction written in the vocabulary of fantasy . Basically , settlers on an alien world , using advanced technology , create a world corresponding to Hindu mythology , with members of the crew taking on the aspects and powers of Hindu deities . There is even a means of electronically providing for reincarnation . The battles between the gods are epic and the verbal depictions are as good as a mural . The ending is also some of Zelazny 's most touching writing , without ever dipping into the maudlin .
 In this book , we travel to an unnamed world where men and women have developed amazing powers , called Attributes . These people pose as ancient Hindu Gods and rule over the planet below them . Essential to their rule is to keep the people in this planet at a primitive level of techology . This they do most ruthelessly . `` Sam '' , the binder , disagrees . He wants to aid the people below . With the aid of others , he lanches a multi-phased revolution against the gods . Sam develops new religions to counter Hinduism ; he makes treaties with this planets natural inhabitants , `` demons '' ; he actually seeks an alliance with the `` evil one . '' No , this is not Satan . Who the evil or dark one is , however , is a nice surprise.With an amazing amount of turns and twists , grievous mistakes by `` Sam '' , and interesting exposure to philosophy of all kinds , this book is Zelazny at his best . It compares in quality to `` Nine Prince of Amber , '' a classic in its own right . Highly recommended for fantasy and science ficton fans .
 `` Lord of light '' is the story of a group of people in the far future , that for centuries have pretended to be gods -LRB- the weak-humans are their offsprings -RRB- . Offcourse , all this is on another planet . this group was the first settlers , and the technolegy they posses allows them to act as they please.They take the form of the gods of the Hindu religion.To further complicate the situation , each of those `` gods '' -LRB- which is immortal , though by technological edge -RRB- has , over the centuries , developed a psi-power that fits the powers of the god he 's supposed to be.The hero is Sam , in short for MahaSAMatman , the original Budha . Sam has , over the years , changed his mind about the way he and his peers rule the masses and the story is actually the story of Sam 's rebellion in the gods.All written in the wonderfull proze of Zelazny with amazing insights into man 's soul , but with Zelazny that 's not really amazing since all of his works are infact pilosophical quaries of man 's place in the world and such . `` Lord of light '' is one of the best soft sci-fi books ever written , I recommend it warmly to anyone at all and to those who are interested in sci-fi in particular .
 The first chapter of `` Lord of Light '' intentionally confuses the reader ; Zelazny starts his novel near the end of his tale and provides little in the way of background or explanation . Mahasamatman -LRB- `` Sam '' -RRB- is resurrected from the ether by the artificer Yama , whose technical skills at reincarnating the human form is unsurpassed among the inhabitants of this alien planet . Yama , with help from the goddess Ratri and from Tak -LRB- who is currently banished to the form of an ape -RRB- , have recalled Sam from eternal peace to help them confront several gods who struggle for control of the world.From this opening , the books shifts to a series of tales , in flashback form , recounting Sam 's past and explaining the history of the battles among the gods . Although these divine rulers share the names and personae of the Hindu pantheon , it soon becomes apparent that the `` gods '' are simply the original colonists who came from Earth millennia earlier , who keep the planet 's present occupants in a sort of medieval fiefdom , and who have acquired immortality by transmigrating from body to body . But there is an ongoing struggle in `` heaven '' between the Accelerationists -LRB- led by Sam -RRB- , who want to share technology with the rest of mankind , and the Deicrats , those gods who want to maintain their lives of luxury and oppression.Many of the earlier chapters are told in the form of disjointed legends , but halfway into the book the pace evolves into a continuous storyline . Those readers who argue that `` Lord of Light '' belongs to the fantasy genre more than to science fiction have a point
 This Hugo award-winning science fiction classic turns the usual technological approach to the genre on its head . `` Lord of Light '' reads much more like fantasy than science fiction , and like Frank Herbert 's classic `` Dune , '' it 's a rare example of a science-fiction novel deeply concerned with spirituality and metaphysics.It is also a difficult novel . Readers more interested in adventure or hard science fiction will find Zelazny 's dense , intricate style tricky to maneuver or concentrate on . The cast is huge , and most characters either go by multiple names , or switch names and bodies as they are reincarnated . This is the sort of novel that requires focus and attention to appreciate . Those who give it the time it deserves will discover a true classic , and a strange experience unique among science-fiction books-even for Zelazny , who lead the field of the new-wave authors of the 1960s . The story follows the inhabitants of an Earth-colonized planet long after Earth has ceased to exist . The colonial leaders have developed the technology to turn themselves into god-like figures , based on Hinduism , and rule the lesser people in a metaphysical tyranny . The hero , Sam -LRB- only one of his many names , such a Buddah -RRB- returns from banishment to lead the struggle to free the people and spread technology to make everyone `` gods . '' He finds strange allies along the road , including the original alien inhabitants of the planet , known as Rakashas -LRB- demons -RRB- in the pseudo-religion invented by the rulers . In a short space , a great deal happens and Sam wages both war and peace against the `` gods . '' `` Lord of Light '' is definitely a trip ... and milestone in science fiction , but it is n't for the casual fan . People interested in religion and veteran science-fiction readers will get the most out of it , and should definitely get themselves a copy . For somewhat more accessible Zelazny books to start with , try `` Damnation Alley '' or his large fantasy series , `` The Books of Amber '' - but you 'll need to visit `` Lord of Light '' eventually ; it 's his best novel .
 Lord Of Light was first published in 1967 . It proceeded to win the Hugo award as best novel . In this book Zelazny demonstates his amazing gift of character creation and writing stylization that make this novel seem at times to be almost one long poetic dream on par with `` Xanadu '' . His writing style combined with the imagery set forth in this masterwork to create a totally believable tale , for it deals with the struggle of man to ovrcome his baser self as well as his opressive fellow man . As a personal note I must say that this is by far my favorite single novel by Mr. Zelazney . It 's blending of hard SF with the Hindu religion is seamlessly done , and of course it was an inspired choice to set the Buddha in the role of prime antagonist , allied with Death Himself . The rich scene settings only add to the over all depth of this amazing story . This is truly one of the milestones of SF writing , a must read for anyone interested in the genre .
 Occasionally a science-fiction book is written that reminds everyone why the genre is so important . A book so extraordinary , so inventive , so full of wit , imagination and intriguing possibility that it just shines out of every page.Lord of Light is such a book.Here in the UK , it has recently been one of the first books to be re-released in the ` SF Masterworks ' series . Not only does it fully derve this title , it stands head and shoulders above most of the other titles on this list and indeed all of Zelazny 's extensive back-catalogue . Put as simply as possible , the story is one of the way in which ideological factions diverge and conflict over the human colonisation of a distant planet , how over a long time the differences within the human society - and between humans and the indigenous inhabitants - become fossilised and reconstructed into a parody or recreation of Hindu myths , and finally how this decadent parody is challenged from within by one of the original colonists - Mahasamatman , or Sam , the Lord of Light - who takes on the form of the Buddha.Around this central tale , Zelazny manages to weave so many themes . It is a sensitive and compassionate re-imagining of Hindu mytholology , yet aware of the shortcomings and the challenge posed to traditional Hinduism by Buddhist teachings . It is a tale of technologically-facilitated decadence and moral decline , of the way in which technical abilities can become more important than the purposes for which they were developed . It is a fable about how inequality and class division emerge , are structured , fossilized and challenged . It is story of memory and forgetting , of how history can be constantly rewritten - consciously and unconsciously - by the powerful , and lost to the weak . It is a classic tragedy , the oldest story of all
 Hyperbole piled upon superalative . Yet even so , the reviewers barely mark the depth and narrative scope of this most meaningful of novels . Lord of Light is science fiction in genre only . A deeply humanistic novel examing the forces affecting the common man/woman , a secular novel questioning the mealy mouthed hypocrisy presenting itself as `` true religion '' , a religious novel challenging the pat truisms passing themselves off as `` science '' , it is all of these things and more.Zelazny 's mastery of the written word and soul-deep understanding of the human condition vie for supremacy in this , perhaps his finest , novel . Those who have not yet read it are far , far luckier than those of us who have ... maybe many times so . A joyous voyage through the subtle , textured vagaries of Zelazny 's world view lies ahead . An art and artifice yet unexperienced -- a young lover 's first kiss . I envy them.This is politics , religion , philosophy , comedy , tragedy , and triumph of the highest caliber . The reviewer who compared it to `` Dune '' was 100 % on target . Lord of Light belongs with the greats of western literature . Perhaps I should say world literature but I am uneducated in meaningful works of other languages , thus unqualified to judge.To pigeonhole this work as science-fiction/fantasy , accurate though it may be , is equivalent to labeling `` Hamlet '' historical fiction . It is that and so , so much more.I read far to much to re-read books of fiction . I live far to little to read Lord of Light only once .
 This is one of the greatest Science Fiction books ever written . Most of the reviewers and I agree on that . I 'd like to point out three areas that make this book special . 1 . Characters -- Zelazny gives us a range of characters that we can love , sympathize with , and suffer with . Sam , of course . For me , though , Sugata -- the assassin turned enlightened one was even more real and powerful . Yama the deathgod was , in many ways , the real hero . Ever-faithful Tak . I could go on . The point is that each of these characters is fully developed and realized . This is n't a one dimensional book . -LRB- 2 -RRB- the plot . It 's exciting yet complex . The use of flashbacks makes it hard to follow from time to time -LRB- you have to read this more than once -RRB- , but it 's big and it draws you in . You want Sam to win even when you know he ca n't . -LRB- 3 -RRB- the religion -- the intellectual and moral battle -LRB- as well as the physical and magical battles -RRB- between Hinduism and Budhism are so compelling that I researched both religions after reading this.I just re-read LORD OF LIGHT -LRB- all right , I 'm not sure what number it is any more -RRB- and it 's every bit as powerful as it was when I first read it decades ago . Zelazny 's best -- and that 's saying a lot .
 Great news for Roger Zelazny freaks everywhere - `` Lord of Light '' is now BACK IN PRINT.Now you can read this 1970 's masterwork saga , blurbed as one on the five best SF fantasy novels ever written , of immortal humans masquerading as gods in a high-tech Hindu pantheon , in the setting of a theme-park colonised planet.In between conspiracies , revenge , treachery and heroic battles we read of occasional touching humanitarian incidents , as we follow the adventures of the hero , Sam , the only one of the gods with a conscience . Sam uses his wits to counter the brutal destructiveness of his former colleagues and so allow civilisation and technology to take root in the benighted and medieval lives of the mortal population on the planet.I read the novel in August 1999 in the SF Masterworks series , an imprint of Orion Publishing .
 `` Lord of Light '' has been one of my favorite books since I first read it years ago . If Zelazny had never written anything else , this one novel would qualify him for immortality . It is far better and more meaningful than his Chronicles of Amber . `` Lord of Light '' follows Sam , a man -LRB- or is he a god ? -RRB- who seeks to overthrow the despotic rulers of a colony world . The rulers , humans with peculiar powers who live forever by transferring their essences into new bodies , play gods in a mutated version of Hinduism . They control the means of reincarnation ; those who oppose them are reborn as dogs , or worse . Sam assumes many personas in his long quest to depose the gods , and he meets fascinating characters such as Rild , the assassin sent to kill him ; the death-god Yama , whose eyes drink life ; Tak , the ape who is more than he seems ; the goddess Kali in her many incarnations ; Ratri , the goddess of the night ; and Taraka , the strongest of the demons.The story is told in a long flashback , which gives Sam 's quest a sense of weight and inevitability . Zelazny 's style is perfectly matched to the story . Quotations from various holy texts head each chapter , offering insight into the world 's culture and the religions on which the story is based . `` Lord of Light '' is a powerful story of a stuggle against tyranny . It is also a story of religion -LRB- pure and twisted -RRB- , loss , love , the implications of immortality , and the meaning of humanity . I would n't say the book changed my life , but it gave me an understanding of holiness , of the tragedy and comedy of humanity , and of the presence of truth and beauty in seemingly unlikely places.After an incredible story , `` Lord of Light '' delivers one of the most perfect endings I have ever read ; the last pages should be enshrined . The only complaints I have about the book are the typos , the comparative scarcity of female characters , and the fact that it had to end at all .
 Zelazny was a very bright shooting star when he first appeared on the fantasy/SF radar some 35 years ago , a new writer of power , originality , insight , and depth . Lord of Light was his third novel , and it exemplifies all these qualities in grand style . Combining the Hindu/Buddhist mythos/religion with the science-fictional concepts of true re-incarnation via technology-enabled body swaps , set on world dominated by those who have access to the technology , and are thereby effectively real gods , this book is a powerful statement of character , philosophy , and morality.Mahasamatman , or Sam as he prefers to be called , is our protagonist for this trip through heaven , hell , and meditation , one of the original colonizing crew who has , over the centuries , fallen out of favor with the ruling coterie , who now style themselves as actually being the Hindu deities . Sam , seeing the inequitable treatment of the colonist 's descendents , the forcible holding back of their attempts at technological progress , the sometimes total denigration of these people as mere objects and the cynical attitude of the ruling group towards them , decides to become a one-man army to change the status-quo by preaching the heretical philosophies of Buddha . But he finds his preaching has some unlooked-for consequences
 `` They called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god . He himself preferred to drop the Maha - and the - atman and called himself Sam . He never claimed to be a god , but then he never claimed not to be . `` Lord of Light was Roger Zelazny 's third novel and it won him the Hugo award for Best Novel in 1968 . The story on the surface seems like diefied fantasy , based around the Hindu pantheon . Deeper in however clues are revealed as to what is truly going on . The book starts out with the introduction of Sam , or Buddha , or Siddhartha , or any of the half dozen other names he is known by . Each of the subsequent 5 chapters are flashbacks telling the story of Sam 's fight against `` Heaven '' , with the seventh and final chapter occurring chronologically after the first.Many consider this to be Zelazny 's finest work . I still prefer the first Chronicles of Amber , but I can certainly see why other choose this . Once I got a grasp on how the story was being told , and began to pick up clues as to what the gods truly were the story made a lot more sense . This is a book that really makes you work .8.5 out of 10
 In a furturistic world somewhere in time and space , refugees from a lost Earth have established themselfves as masters of an alien planet . The original pioneers have achieved immortality of the mind through a process of thought-transference into specially grown and enhanced bodies and , over the course of centuries , have come to be regarded as Gods by the descendants of their original bodies . Only in the city of the Gods has the original Earth technology survived and progressed , while the bulk of the populace lives in a medieval world . But not all the `` Gods '' approve of the way they have chosen , and a multi-factional civil war erupts , involving Gods , men , demons -LRB- the original inhabitants of the planet -RRB- and the very forces of nature themselves . This book is one of the most riveting of any I have ever read , and I do not limit that to the Science Fiction genre . This is one of the great works of literature , and it is a tragedy that it is no longer in print . If you can find a copy , buy it , irrespective of price . You 'll be glad you did .
 Easily my favorite Zelazny book -LRB- I 've read them all -RRB- and one of my favorite books EVER by ANYBODY , Lord of Light is one of those rare books that gets better after multiple readings . Zelazny begins with a fairly standard far future society setting , and incorporates elements of Hindu mythology . The story revolves about a group of settlers on a world that have established themselves as `` gods '' above their descendants , who live in a techologically regressed state . One of these characters seeks to break the stagnation that the population is being held in by the other original settlers , each of whom has taken on the personality and aspects of a Hindu god or goddess . A rousing action story is interspersed with Eastern philosophy and religion . The story timeline is non-linear , making re-reads exceptionally satisfying
 There are times when reading a book you see that genius has so utterly struck the writer that all you can do it sit back and awe and marvel at how effortless it all seems . Those books unfortunately do n't come often enough . This is definitely one of them . Some novels have great ideas but do n't do anything with them while others have beautiful and brilliant writing but does n't have the plot and depth of charactization to back it up and launch it into the truly masterful . Lord of Light has both . In spades . No kidding . The concept is so intrinsically SF but at the same time so radically different that fans of fantasy , world literature and who knows what else can sit down and enjoy it . Like I said , the concept is a fairly simple one at its heart
 This is the first Roger Zelazny book I read , and it 's still the best . It 's very complicated because of the Hindu and Buddhist names , characters and concepts , all imposed on an alien world that is both advanced and primitive technologically . To make it more confusing , Zelazny tells the middle of the story first , then the beginning , then the end -LRB- Part II , then Part I , then Part III chronologically -RRB- . But it 's an amazing read , with vivid characters and locations and a great story .
 I found the beginning of the book a little confusing , butit comes together very quickly . Zelazny builds a fantasticworld , without stopping to explain how this or that thingworks or came about . Only few pull this off very well -LRB- forinstance Gibson does in Neuromancer -RRB- , and Zelazny isamongst them . There are some nice thoughts on mythologyand religion , plenty of action and a number of interestingcharacters all packed into under 300 pages . For thoseunfamiliar with Hinduism , it does help to look up the differentdeities in Wikipedia , although the book makes sense without it .
 I picked up the book and didnt put it down . I read it when I ate , walked , before going to bed and I would have read it while working if I could have . I read it non stop till I finished it . And even that didnt prevent me from going back to intriguing passages to read it again.This is a hyrbid work between a science fiction and fantasy . Actually contains the best of both . Being very familiar with the Hindu pantheon , it was astonishing that he did what he did with it , and even more inspiring for he brought out the best and the worst of it and still left you without a bias or a new thing to worship . I would highly recommend it for anyone with a taste for a juxtapositioning of concepts .
 Zelazny successfully weaves a tale of the far-future in which a form of quasi-immortality is achieved by transferring one 's mind to new bodies . The ruling elite utilizes a mindreading technology to review the quality of one 's life , and this is used to reward or punish a person with either a better or worse form . In effect , science has discovered the means to mirror the Hindu concepts of karma and reincarnation.These technologies are used to solidify the power of the Deicrats , the ruling elite of the planet . Morality is secondary to how well one supports their grip on power . Those who oppose the structure are destroyed . Those who are in power , the ones who hoped to style themselves after gods , are driven by the same dark emotions that have powered mankind through history
 This book is the finest example of what Roger Zelazny did best
 I first read this book in the late 60 's when it came out , and was intrigued by Zelazny 's blending of myth , fantasy and science fiction . I 've just re-read it and it remains as fresh and incisive as it seemed then.Loosely incorporating Hindu myths and legends , Zelazny weaves the tale of a would be Buddha 's revolt against an authoritarian pantheon of gods on a Terran colonized planet . Prayer wheels have evolved into pray-o-mats that take coin or plastic cards , reincarnation is achieved by bioengineering but controlled by gods , the world contains nonhuman sentient energy wraiths that are called Rakashas , or demons . While taking liberties with the originals , and providing scientific explanations for their aspects , attributes and avatars , Zelazny still manages to capture the flavor of the historical Siddhartha and early Buddhism 's challenge to an aging and sclerotic religo-political hierarchy This won the Hugo when it was first published in 1967 and remains a classic .
 Words do no describe the ride that is this book.Jungles . Gods . Buddhas . Demons bound below . This takes 2nd Foundation to a whole new level.Roger Zelazny demonstrates his mastery with this incredible little book . It provides a spiritual journey , among other things , and a picture of a whole world , a political battle . But there 's more to it than flower petals on giant stone idols . There 's action . It starts small , and builds up to momentous , incredible , panoramic . . He really takes your imagination and stretches it HARD.His characters display a certain amount of wit and brilliance . Their speech is laden with wisdom . The book is quite believeable , which is rare for a sci fi book laden with so much mysticism . Basically , it 's a must read .
 If you get through the slow beginning , you 'll learn to love this book . There 's more to it than you 'd expect .
 This is my 6th review today . I 've decided to cover all the vital books in my life , whether I actually loved them or simply found them enlightening . Not always the same case . In this case they are.Sam is the clearest example of an enigmatic Everyman that I have ever encountered in sci fi . And his allies are as cool as his enemies.On top of that the storytelling is wholly engrossing . I had to work at understanding the characters , and plot , and meaning . Not always easy reading , but undeniably of great value.This is not for everyone , but those who abstain are doing themselves a disservice .
 I read roughly a book a week . This is one of my favourites . I 've re-read it enough to have two copies fall apart . It 's a challenging read , but a great one .
 I found this story a very interesting twist to the god-man thing . It sparked an interest in mythology as well as being a good read . Zelazny 's stories are brilliant
 What if people landed on another planet -LRB- albeit very much like India -RRB- , and mastered the technology to transform into gods in the Hindu pantheon ? By such skill , what if they tamed demons , nature , and other humans so as to force them into paying homage and making `` donations '' via slot machines , as prayer wheels made `` pray-o-mats , '' to perpetuate the rule of the gods and to enforce obedience by their subjects to ensure a good rebirth , thanks to `` psych-probes '' able to check for dogmatic conformity and karmic approval?Roger Zelazny 's Hugo-award winning 1967 novel blends the fantasy of epic battles , with a great confrontation in Hellwell as the centerpiece among many contentions well-told , with a SF veneer . This sums up how machinery might advance what meditation alone might not for a cadre of Firsts , colonists from a doomed earth who build their technocracy as `` Deicrats . '' They repel the Marxist-tinged efforts of humanist inventors and innovators to re-invent printing presses and weapons and know-how to spur progress against the Deicrats , as dissident `` accelerationists . `` This slow struggle over eons , as Zelazny tells it in a dense , wry , wordy style more akin to Hindu scriptures than your typical fantasy-SF tale -LRB- even if cynical gods smoke cigarettes and crafty humans try to invent a flushable toilet -RRB- , brings Sam into the tale , as a Buddhist model of rebellion against the hierarchical oppression . Yet , he 's not exactly the Buddha , and his ambiguous position allows him to manipulate his mission to his own advantage and that of the humans he champions.It demands concentration , but rewards attention . Zelazny expects you to keep up with the shape-shifting antagonists who thwart Sam , who goes through his own considerable changes . Chapters flow into each other even if separated in time by immense distances ; the gods keep their reign strong , as Sam tries to recruit defectors from the Celestial City to aid him in overthrowing divine despotism . I did wish for more reactions or actions from the vantage point of the humbler men and women , not to mention those Christianized zombies in Nirriti 's army , an odd touch indeed . The concentration on Sam 's club of Firsts does tilt the action always upward or downward to hell , and what 's happening to the successors earthlings -LRB- as it were ? -RRB- gets relegated to what happens to extras in a big-screen epic -LRB- the story of its attempted filming makes a great footnote to the CIA in the 1979 Iran hostage crisis -RRB- . One slight drawback is that this novel is conveyed in a prose style that may discourage readers , as its elevated , verbose , if slightly mocking tone echoes ancient chronicles more than it does a typical paperback published around the Summer of Love ! -LRB- Not enough to take a full star away here , but it may lessen its impact for some readers not expecting such an intricately constructed story within a book that at first glance looks short . -RRB- Still , insights prove memorable , amidst the deities bickering and plotting and scheming . Science depends on the known , fantasy on the unknowable
 After reading mention of this book in a -LRB- ahem -RRB- B&N ; newsletter , I picked up the copy from my local library to read . Lord of Light was not what I expected . But then , I do n't remember reading any Zelazny that was what I expected.What I discovered was an intensely human story of a struggle for freedom from oppression . Zelazny 's use of the Hindu pantheon -LRB- mostly -RRB- was interesting , although `` the gods '' did n't seem quite right , in the sense they did n't behave much like gods.Four of the main characters are introduced in the beginning of the story
 An absoloute joy to read , fillled with over-the-top action , extremely carefully drawn characters -LRB- Rild is one of my favorites ! -RRB- , and a healthy dose of dark humor . I ca n't comment on the accuracy of the book compared to Hindu scriptures , but it does n't matter . These gods are not scholars , but men and women of forgotten Urath using ancient , half-remembered ideas to legitimize their tyrannical rule.Highly reccomended .
 Over the years , beginning in the late 60s I have read this book many times . It never fails to entertain me . I wo n't go into a critique of the work . Just read it yourself and make up your own mind . I 've invited some friends to read the work and can judge their types of personalities from their comments . Try it yourself and see what you decide .
 A good read . Believable world set in the future with a very different premise .
 I 've owned at least a half-dozen copies of `` Lord of Light '' since I first read it as a tenth-grader in ' 71 . I lend them out and then I have to buy a new one when I want to read it again . The blending of science fiction and Hindu lore , stirred with Zelazny 's imagery and sense of humor -LRB- not counting that pun -RRB- was a heady concoction for my young mind . I 'm not going to waste your time describing the plot - you can read about it right underneath the prices - I 'm just going to say it is a milestone in the science fiction canon and has a permanent place in my `` desert island '' book list . If you 've never read it , I envy you your new discovery .
 I find myself wanting to read this book again . The classic story of Siddhartha and his battle against corrupt , cruel and uncaring gods played out on a human scale . This book got me interested in Buddhaism . Tragedy and triumph of characters that you feel for , written in a lilting and poetic style . Roger Zelazny crafted this novel powerfully and beautifully . His technique resulted in stories that were approachable , enjoyable and deep with meaning . Lord of Light bears up well and is a good example of Zelaznys ' wor
 Combining his wonderful characters with his subtle senseof humor , Zelazny has created another great work . In Lordof Light , Mahasamatman -LRB- drop the Maha - & amp ; the - atman and call him Sam -RRB- opposes the technologically created Godsbased on the Hindu pantheon . Like an abstract painting , every time you read this book something new is seen , felt , or experienced . This book is another example of why Zelazny one of the greatest sci-fi writers of all time
 ... To avoid repetition , I wo n't repeat the details of the story.While it 's not as easy a read as his Amber series - the story seems more dense somehow , maybe because it 's all in one book - Zelazny 's dialogue still sparkles and his humor is still as sharp . While it 's not exactly hard-core SF , it 's an entertaining read , full of surprises , epic moments , and memorable characters.I was recommended this book by a friend who said I remind him of Yama -LRB- the God of Death character in this book -RRB- . I 'm not sure what he meant , but I assume he meant it as a compliment somehow . That 's what sticks with me about this book . Hope that helps .
 This is clearly one of the greatest SF novels of all time , but the novice reader of Science Fiction should put off reading it till they are more familiar with the genre . Zelazny was a master of one of the special joys of SF
 Got your Eastern Gods straight ? If not , you 'll find slow sledding at the beginning of Roger Zelazny 's science fiction classic , LORD OF LIGHT . Once you 're into it , however , you will appreciate the philosophy and the mythology equally . As a bonus , Zelazny provides some interesting battle scenes , too.In one episode , a demon possesses the protagonist of many name 's -LRB- I 'll use Sam here , as that 's the easiest -RRB- body , giving Zelazny an opportunity to riff on the extended metaphor of our innate capacities for good and evil . The purely evil demon gets his comeuppance when Sam gives him the `` gift '' of guilt , which sure ruins a lot of his debauchery and drunken pleasures.Ultimately , with gods dying and coming back to life in new bodies and with everyone switching sides in the epic battle of the heavens , my interest began to wane a bit . Just a bit . But you 'll like this without fail if you are a fan of science fiction and are conversant in Eastern mythologies.My hope is that the AMBER series will now be republished in ten separate editions . Presently there 's a big book of AMBER with all ten novels in one tome , but it 's too unwieldy and teens who love science fiction and fantasy especially are shortchanged , as they seldom take to such formats . I hope , with the new issues of LORD OF LIGHT , that the publisher will now republish the much-loved AMBER series as well , starting with the beloved NINE PRINCES OF AMBER .
 At the top of the Sci-Fi pile is Dune , some people will disagree of course , but generally , there it sits . What comes next is even more debatable , but for me there are 2 books that really stand out ; Lord of Light and Tiger , Tiger -LRB- opps sorry - The Stars my Destination -RRB- by Alfred Bester -LRB- no not the Telepath in Babylon 5 ! -RRB- . I have read Lord of Light over 30 times -LRB- easily , I 1st read it in 1974 ! -RRB- , when I 'm bored and ca n't be bothered to start a new novel , out it comes . It 's a small gem of a book ; it borders the line between Sci-Fi and Fantasy and can easily sit in both . In all this time no author has matched -LRB- imho -RRB- Zelanzy for using magic/magic like powers in novels.The idea is very simple , and follows an old adage by A.C.Clarke -LRB- I believe -RRB- concerning sufficiently advanced technology and magic/god like powers . Here some people with all the technology start believing they are gods , in this case from Hindu faith.Like many of his books the protagonist really does n't want to get into the situation they gets into , he 's happy with his world until someone decides that a change is required which of course directly affects him !!! The writing is pure Zelanzy , very direct with no excessive/ott descriptions ; romantic and charming ; and just plain sneaky with people change situations , alliances and it all , just works perfectly . In some respects the writing style remains me of Herman Hesse -LRB- though from a literary point of view even Zelanzy has to bow down to Herr Hesse -RRB- and unlike Dune -LRB- and like Stars my Destination -RRB- it 's microcosm , -LRB- and of course relatively short -RRB- . Of course other fans prefer the -LRB- excellent -RRB- Amber series , or even This Immortal , but for me it 's Lord of Light followed by his take on the Ancient Egyptian gods ; Creatures of Light and Darkness -LRB- when are they going to re-release this one so I can replace my coverless copy ? -RRB- , even more outrageous I 've only read this about 20 times ! And of course his short stories are a treat .
 Funny , poignant , inventive . A rare winner of both the Hugo and the Nebula awards . Every SF fan should own it .
 This is a great book , but it is also a long and complex book . It is not a fast read . It would help if you knew something of the Hindu and Buddhist beliefs . I was suspicious at first that the author would write and write and write and then end the book without finishing it , if you know what I mean . I HATE it when a writer does that . Rest assured that Roger Zelazny finishes what he starts . If you want proof , then read his book This Immortal . It too , is a great book but way easier to read than Lord of Light . Zelazny is a fantastic writer . The images he creates in you might are nothing short of spectacular . When the book was written in 1967 motion picture special effects were not up to the task . Now though , in 2002 , after Lord of the Rings , I wonder ...
 I first purchased this book in college in the late 60 's . I knew nothing of the author , but the cover looked interesting and proclaimed it had won the Hugo Award . Little did I know whatan adventure awaited . If I were to make a list of my ten favorite books of all time , this would be on the list . Read and reread .
 I recently reread Lord of Light . It is even more incredible than I remembered . It left me wanting more though -- a book twice as long -- a sequel ! There is so much left to be told -- that could have been told . I guess that 's the mark of a great book . Everything that makes Zelazny great is in this book-the philosophy , the adventure , the fantasy , the science fiction , the gods and the humans evolving into higher states , corruption of power , Light and Death , and lots of engaging characters . I loved Sam of course , but Yama steals the show ! Tak is great -- as is the wiley Ganesha . So many twists and turns and surprises await just when you think you see what 's coming . After all the imitations , this book is still fresh and free and full of wonder.I think this must be his greatest book
 A banished charismatic rebel is sought by a small group of desperate freedom fighters . This rebel leader turns out to be ` Sam ' , sometimes called the Binder . The story revolves around Sam and the things he 's done , or might do.Sam once failed to tear down the corrupt planetary system of government and was thrown into exile . The story really takes off when Sam is rescued and brought back by the group who want him to try his revolt again.Flashbacks and history of the rebel movement weave a compelling look at immortality , power , religion used as deception and the tyranny of secret science.The master work of Roger Zelazny is as fresh today as it was when originally written.If you love any of Zelazny 's work , this book is a must for your library .
 While similar in premise to some of his other tales of worldshaking technological demigods , this book has some additional moral elements . Zelazny offers them plainly , evoking a feeling of religious historicism that makes some of the shinier platitudes more appropriate . He achieves this with decorous dialogue and a marvelous and nearly timeless portrayal of technological ` miracles ' that are unfathomable to the hairy-knuckled masses . The sympathetic and chain-smoking antihero is also present , driving the archetypical story along a delineated route of demon-dealing and decadence . Zelazny 's wordcraft is excellent , and this book should be well received by all but the most technophiliac of science fiction connoisseurs .
 I do not know much about Hinduism , and perhaps someone with a degree in comparative religion could find fault with this book -LRB- or perhaps appreciate it more -RRB- . All I can say is that I found it highly entertaining and absolutely fascinating .
 ... on a distant world , where tyrants in control of superior technologies have taken on the roles of the Hindu pantheon -- until one among them resurrects Buddhists teachings to fight for independence . Marvelous , and philosophically provocative far beyond just a good sci fi read .
 It is a rare author who manages to so completely delve into all the ramifications of everything he writes about that one actually finds one 's own personal philosophies called into question , deconstructed , and ultimately remade - not by the author 's thoughts , nor by his words , but rather by one 's own thoughts , and the struggle to fit these thoughts into words one can only find paltry . In a sense , Zelazny has already done your thinking , your self-exploration , for you , and he has done so in an often amazingly poetic fashion . With myself at least , this book , along with the Amber series and the characters therein , struck a chord , a deep one ; so it was that every paragraph was accompanied within myself , not by a sense of questioning , but rather a sense of growing realization . Far from being a barrier to - or a poor representation of - actuality , his words are a perfectly transparent conduit ; without attempting to impose himself , without having to shout , but also without apology , he -LRB- Zelazny-as-character -RRB- introduces and explains himself , more clearly and fully than many an acclaimed poet or philosopher . Allow your thoughts to fly off on the most wild tangents imaginable ; this is what they are meant to do . If , reading this , you do not know what my next statement means , I encourage you strongly to find out
 Have you read ` Dune ' , ` Stranger in a Strange Land ' , ` Shogun ' , ` Lord of the Rings ' ? This book is better .
 I ca n't review this book , I can only recomend it , as one of the best books ever written . It is an alegory , an adventure , a poem , and philosophy lesson .
 This is the best novel I have ever read . If that is n't enough to get you to start searching for this book , I do n't know what is . I loved how Zelazny makes you feel the character . You experience the same experiences that Sam does . It is a shame this novel is out of print . This is a classic of not only science fiction , but of fiction . This novel inspired me to learn the Hindu religion , so I could understand the book better . It has been five years , since I last read this great novel . Final words of advice
 I have read thousands of books , including all kinds of literature , but I am nearly sure that this is the best book I have ever read .
 This is one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . If you are going to read one ofZelazny 's books make it this one . It is at times funny , serious , outragous and compassionate . All thecharacters in it are all too human and each , at times , sucumb to their weaknesses . But all the majorcharacters are given a chance to rise above the best they believe themselves capable of . Do n't takeoffense to the liberties Zelazny takes in the portrayals of Hinduism , Buddhism and Christianity andyou will learn much about yourself whatever your beliefs are.Oh , and it also contains the greatest play on words/pun that has ever been used . Read this masterpeice to find out what it is for yourself!Relic113
 People seem to either love or hate this book , which is usually a good sign that a book has something to say beyond mere entertainment . I 'm not knocking entertainment , but when it is combined with insight and intelligence , then you 've really got something . I 'm the first to admit that Zelazny often paints scenes with a pointilistic detail that sometimes reads more like a director talking to a cinematographer after a long night in the pub , but I 'll grant him that small fault for the brilliant commentary on relgion , decadence , and the ambivalence of heros . It 's one thing to give your life for a cause , but would you also give your self respect?I think this book makes its points without hitting you over the head with them . If you can find the meaning without having it spelled out for you , then you will enjoy it . If you 're looking for messages in neon , do n't bother.I loved this book for its contradictions . My experience of life is that it often does n't make sense , people are not simply good or bad , and there are very few situations free from ambiguity . If you want a George Lucas style neatly tailored space yarn , this book is not for you . But if you 've read Sartre , then this book belongs in your mind and your library .
 Zelazny won the Hugo for this book ; for once I agree the award was right . This is his most brilliant book , a terrific blend of mythos and technology.The former crew on this colony world rules the former passengers as gods rule peasants . Through technology , they have achieved many aspects of godhood , including reincarnation , terrifying weapons and psi powers by which they can kill with a look . The religion chosen for this more-than-theocracy is Hinduism.Former crew Sam , while he likes his worldly pleasures , revolts against his peers , and casts himself as Buddha against the theocracy -LRB- as well as filling prayer machines with slugs , allying himself with the indigenous creatures and engaging in enough apocalyptic battles to satisfy the most jaded Robert Jordan fan -RRB- . As Siddhartha and the Mahasamatman he sows the seeds that threaten to bring down the theocracy . And he demonstrates that even the most insincere Buddha can have true converts , true believers , and that the power of religion transcends its uses.With a wonderful storyline , replete with flashbacks and plot twists , Zelazny crafts an absolutely terrific story . The book has no weak points.This was the first book to base a world on a technologically rationalized mythos . Zelazny attempted it later in `` Creatures of Light and Darkness , '' using the Egyptian mythos , but the book is much less successful . `` Lord of Light '' is the struggle of Buddhism against militant Hinduism , where technology , not spiritualism , rules . But it 's the plot , the characterization and Zelazny 's wonderful ironic tone that make this an exceptional book.It 's great to see this book back in print . Highly recommended .
 This is a hard book to summarize . I have read it perhaps 10 times over the years , and each time it rewards . Like `` Creatures of Light and Darkness '' , `` Lord of Light '' is basically a story about gods and as such the characters are both individuals and abstract forces , the writing neatly reflecting Zelazny 's tale of humans who can `` put on aspects '' and raise themselves up beyond any mere technological enhancement . The storyline is non-linear , jumping forwards and backwards in time , and both needs and rewards close attention . The writing is beautiful and evocative , almost poetic and more approachable than `` Creatures '' . If there is a single weakness , it is that the book is anti-climactic . But otherwise , this is one of the best sci-fi/fantasy works ever . Just go read it .
 I 've always considered `` Lord of Light '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- one of the hardest of Zelazny 's SF novels to follow . The story line weaves and doubles back upon itself . Gods and mortals are reborn into new bodies , and it 's a bit hard to keep track of who 's who , especially at novel 's end . Zelazny 's hero , Sam has many reincarnations and many names including Mahasamatman , Maitreya -LRB- `` Lord of Light '' -RRB- , Binder of Demons , Buddha , and Siddhartha.Sam is part of the original crew from `` The Star of India , '' many of whom borrowed the names , attributes , and aspects from the Hindu pantheon of gods as the new planet was wrested from its original inhabitants . Many of the crew , not unreasonably , discover that they enjoy godhood . They build themselves a heaven and set about ruling the peasants through their priest-mouthpieces . Any signs that the lower classes are re-acquiring their technological heritage , such as the reinvention of the printing press are thoroughly squelched . The gods are in charge of reincarnation , and if someone incurs the displeasure of Heaven in his current life , he may -LRB- as one of the gods puts it -RRB- find himself reincarnated as a gelded water buffalo.Sam believes that the lower classes should be given the benefit of technology , and along with a group of like-minded gods called ` accelerationists ' sets out to challenge the more conservative deities . There are several wars -LRB- which are not told in sequence -RRB- and Sam repeatedly incurs the wrath of Heaven . He responds with Promethean defiance , even as he is about to die the true death
 _ Lord of Light _ by Roger Zelazny is one of those great sci-fi books where the author compresses his vision into one stand-alone work rather than spread his tale out over a number of serialized books in order to make more money . The result is a super-potent , literary sci-fi novel with all the makings of a great American classic . This book is clearly influenced by the 1960 's eastern philosophical/psychedelic movement and it has a legitimate , scholarly view of Hindu religious philosophy . It is complex , thought-provoking , and profound , and unlike most sci-fi , it truly challenges the reader intellectually . Any fan of sci-fi absolutely MUST read this book , and I also highly recommend it to people who are not even fans of the genre . _ Lord of Light _ is one of those rare books that will cross the boundries of genre and eventually be considered among the timeless classics of American literature .
 I 've read a lot of sci-fi/fantasy over the years , and Zelazny remains one of my favourite authors . His style may not suit everyone
 Arthur C. Clarke once commented that any sufficiently advanced technology was indistinguishable from magic . That had to have been on Zelazny 's mind when he wrote this classic SF novel , in which a bunch of former space travelers play the Hindu pantheon , lording over a pre-industrial planet . Zelazny 's point seems to be that the myths have power unto themselves ; events play out with the force of archetype and the human/gods lose some of their free will as the old stories play themselves out . -LRB- Remember H.G. Wells ` Men Like Gods ' ? -RRB- The story focuses mostly on Sam , an exile from the heavenly community , who incarnates himself -LRB- they 've beaten death -RRB- as the Buddha and starts a spiritual movement against Heaven . A highly original and thought-provoking work of far-future SF !
 What should one do as soon as he finishes reading this novel?Read it again straight away.Why should this novel be read again straight away?Because Roger Zelazny decided not to name Chapter 1 `` 6600 years after Colonization Day '' , Chapter 2 `` 4800 years after Colonization Day '' and so forth . He has also given his colonists-turned-gods various names and nicknames , so one may get lost during the first reading and due to his attempt to follow the story , may miss the fine writing which would be a big shame.Is there a better one on one fighting scene than the one between Sugata and Yama in the middle of the novel?The fight in the book This Immortal between Conrad and the robot is perhaps the one that tops this one . Not accidentally , This Immortal was also written by Zelazny.Is the Lord of Light a novel of despair or hope?It depends on your understanding of it . Personally , regardless of the way the novel ends , I find it disturbing , because , out of the possible hundreds of thousands of possible future transmutations of the human race , the one Zelazny describes is one of the plausible ones.Why is Lord of Light not as popular , as let 's say , Dune?It 's not linear and as said above , it demands a second reading . However , I am pretty certain that is one of the most popular second reading novels in the world.Almost , half a century after its publication , can nowadays majority of Hugo winners and nominees be compared to Lord Of Light?This has to be answered with the initials of Zelazny 's novel
 Few times in our lifetime do we get a chance to experience the depth of a book 's utter visionary perimeter ; few times are we allowed to actually get a glimpse a living work of art which has altered the consciousness of an entire generation . Lord of Light , by Roger Zelazny , is such a work.When I first read this book around 1969 -- an avowed SF fan of hundreds of authors -- I could n't place why this novel had left me with such a void of expression and literal mouth gaping mezmerized astonishment . It led me to research ancient Hinduism and discover socio-political religious movements -- and even later practice Buddhist meditation itself.Yet , most of all it gave me a personal sense of caring for the Truth in organizations of men , where freedoms of action and speech are paramount ; it gave me an impetus of speaking out , which stands with me today . It gave a young man a vision and articulation of what was right about the world around me and what was wrong -- and the courage to speak up against wrongs -- and the vision of poetic harmony in a work of art no less than that of a Modigliani painting or the greatest of love stories or poems . All from a science fiction novel ? Such is Roger Zelazny 's Lord of Light!This novel is a masterpiece of masterpieces ; it has survived 43 years of printings simply because of the massive Jungian archetypical truths it evokes in us all -- and engenders in each of us as a herald , a new vision of life and living . Of acceptance . Of dealing with those aspects of life which appear to be dominating , but in fact we can turn into advantage , if we are desirous.With this novel Roger Zelazny took Science Fiction into a new era with the exploration of myth and history as it would culminate itself into the present . SF was never the same thereafter.The Novel 's love story is the crux of its internal action . It is a three way power play lover story between two powerful men and a most powerful woman , all of whom are pridefully larger than life . Its backdrop is nothing less than the creation of a new planet 's civilization and future.The power of this story , placed into the Past-which-will-become-the-future-of-Earth traces a path tread by the Lion in Winter merged with the full epic story of Dune series . Yet , it could very well be about you and me.The novel takes us to the epiphany of our inner-selves , our hopes and dreams and , our failures and success but , in the end , the good news is
 In addition to being a rip-roaring good story , this is an excellent primer on Hinduism and Buddhism . -LRB- Not for strictly accurate detail , but for the feel and genius of two fine religious traditions . -RRB- The heroes are Sam Kalkin , who becomes the Buddha , and the Death-god , Yama . The villains are Brahma and his crowd , whose god-like powers have gone to their heads , and Renfrew Nirriti , the proselytizer who is willing to ally himself with anyone , no matter how evil , to force his religious views on others . -LRB- Nirriti means `` not right . '' -RRB- This is not merely Zelazny 's best , but one of the best books of the twentieth century . It ranks with Heinlein ` sStranger in a Strange Land , Panshin ` sRite of Passage , Butler ` sParable of the SowerandParable of the Talentsand Card ` sEnder 's Game -LRB- The Ender Saga -RRB- ; and only slightly below Pangborn 's Davy.watziznaym@gmail.com
 This is one of the best sci-fi/fantasy novels written in the 60th . The book is somewhat complicated , so here are the few plot clues for the readers who do n't want to read it twice to understand the novel . First chapter of the book is really one of the last ones . Then , starting from chapter 2 is where the story really begins . The hero of the book , Sam is one of the few immortals -LRB- the action takes place on some planet , where few people has access to long forgotten technology , which makes them rulers `` gods '' of the normal people living on the planet -RRB- who fights against other rulers of the world to allow regular people lives to be better . So , he must face the wrath of `` gods '' and survive against all odds to help people . This is somewhat the retelling of Prometheus Myth -LRB- the one where he brings people light , which uplifts them from dark ages -RRB- . Great book .
 When my wife and I were pregnant with our first , we read this book and laughed and laughed and decided to name our child , gender not an issue , after `` Sam '' .
 I read this novel in 1970 a couple of years after it was first published , and probably half a dozen times since . This story works on many levels , making it enjoyable to a wide audience . Its works as an adventure novel , a mythological fable , and as hard sci-fi with a sharp edge of social conscience . The characters are well developed throughout the story , but only late in the plot line do we really begin to understand their true motivations . And from start to finish , there 's enough mystery , intrigue , and action to satisfy most anyone . In the end , the story works as a parable illustrating the greed , and lust for power common in human nature and history . It shows as well , that the true motivation of our `` heroes '' is seldom what it appears on the surface to be . So , whether you enjoy Lord of Light as a fantasy , an adventurous escape from reality , hard Sci-Fi , or as social commentary on human weaknesses , excesses , and strengths , enjoy it you most certainly will !
 At the time this was first published it was a ground breaking novel . It became the prime example of an apparently supernatural society solidly built on a `` rational '' technological base . And yet , the characters who understand these technological underpinnings maintain a spiritual existential awareness that is atypical of the hard science novels that attempt to undermine directly , or through metaphor those with supernatural or theistic beliefs.Most importantly , this is a thoroughly entertaining book , great Summer read , with well done characters .
 This is one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . If you are going to read one of Zelazny 's books make it this one . It is at times funny , serious , outragous and compassionate . All the characters in it are all too human and each , at times , sucumb to their weaknesses . But all the major characters are given a chance to rise above the best they believe themselves capable of . Do n't take offense to the liberties Zelazny takes in the portrayals of Hinduism , Buddhism and Christianity and you will learn much about yourself whatever your beliefs are .
 ... but packed with tragicomical commentary on the relationship between power and religion.If Sam , the book 's hero , is not an entirely pure character -LRB- none of Zelazny 's heroes are -RRB- , neither is his world 's most dangerous enemy , an ex-chaplain named Nirriti : `` Nirriti prayed until the perspiration covered his face like a mask of glass and light , and it ran down inside his prosthetic armor , which gave him the strength of many . Then he lifted up his face to the heavens , looked upon the Bridge of the Gods and said , ` Amen . ' Then he turned and headed toward Khaipur , his army rising at his back . `` In this book you also meet the ex-assassin Rild , who converts to Buddhism and in spite of three lifetimes of butchery attains what he seeks . Admitting that he himself is a fake -LRB- although he is n't -RRB- , Sam says about Rild , `` Many people are executioners who have been talked out of doing their jobs ... and he was the only man I ever knew to really achieve enlightenment . ''
 In my opinion , this is simply the best SF book ever written . Complex but well worth it . Read it twice for the full effect .
 This is Roger Zelazny 's masterpiece ; a highly imaginative thing of beauty , Lord of Light tells its story at break-neck pace which will appease even the most easily bored reader . The language is fluid , often times poetic , and ultimately a feast for the senses . The story spans many years and depicts the epic struggle of one man who could have been god , against all those who now rule the world with an intolerant fist . Technology is precious , and hidden from the general populace who are forced to live in a sort of perpetual Dark Age so that the gods they worship may continue the turpitude that is their tyranny . The Hindu religion is used to exploit its followers and the pinnacle of its precepts -- Reincarnation -- degenerates into nothing more than a bargaining chip to further accentuate the gap in power . Roger Zelazny is an innovator without equal and one of the most important science fiction writers to date .
 Not a single word or moment is wasted in this book . The characters are real and interesting , the setting fascinating , and the plot compelling . Nothing could improve this .
 This book is not only one of the best Sci-Fi / fantasy books , but a work which compares well with those considered contemporary classics . It is as if Terry Gilliam and Kurt Vonnegut got together to combine the story of Buddha and the rise of organized religion at the same time . If you enjoyed `` Slaughterhouse Five '' by Vonnegut , I think you will really enjoy this .
 This book just cries for a continuation . once started it is difficult to put down . I am lucky that i have the orginal paperback edition , that despite many readings is still in good condition . It helps if you know a bit about Indian religions .
 Without question one of the finest SF novels ever written , by one of the absolute masters . If you have never read this book , find it and buy it and read it and read it again . This is such a rich , rewarding novel that once is simply not enough to appreciate the brilliance that flashes from every facet.Heaven is a much more interesting place now , and the world is a bit more mundane , with his passing .
 Any Hugo/Nebula Award winner is always worth reading , but Lord of Light stands out even in that illustrious list . Have bought it at least half a dozen times since first reading it 25 years or so ago , as keep lending it , not getting it back . Can still quote chunks of it . The scope is huge , the writing is elegant and spare . Wish I 'd written him that fan letter way back then . Why is this excellent book out of print when the -LRB- to my mind -RRB- inferior soap series Amber is still available ? Other 5 star books to check out if you like this one - THE PLAYER OF GAMES by IAIN M BANKS , NOVA by SAMUEL R DELANEY , THE LEFT HAND OF DARKNESS by URSULA K LEGUIN , NIGHTWINGS by ROBERT SILVERBERG , SNOWCRASH by NEAL STEPHENSON , VURT by JEFF NOON , THE JAGGED ORBIT by JOHN BRUNNER .
 This book should put back in print ! It is one of the greatest novel in SF History . This , along with the first Amber series are his best works . I only regret that I never had a chance to tell him how great he was before he passed . Get this book and you will thank me .
 If you loved Amber series , you have to read this book . Only 19 reviews for one of the best SF ever written ?
 I 've read science fiction since the third grade , and I 've read alot . I am now in my early forties and have recently reread Lord of Light . It is still my favorite book . It is thought provoking , full of colorful characters , and as is often the case in Zelazny 's books , it has a reluctant hero/protagonist -LRB- Sam/Buddah -RRB- whose primary attribute is his humanity . Ultimately , Sam 's heroism is demonstrated by his ability to convince his peer 's of their own ties to humanity .
 I 've read this book twice . I wish I had read it twenty times because now I 've lost it and ca n't find it anywhere . Regardless , the story stays with me and I have often day dreamed about its premise . If I ever run accros it again I wo n't let it go .
 Lord of Light is an excellent book . As good as anything Zelazny has written . I have read most of his works . Unlike most of the other people who have posted their reviews of this book , I have only read it once -LRB- recently -RRB- . But I plan on rereading it soon maybe in a year or so . It is a hard book to explain it should just be read . I would suggest it to any SF fan . Also read the Amber series , it is the best series ever written .
 About six years ago , I found `` Lord of light '' in local bookstore in Korea . The title of that Korean language version had meaning of `` The society of Gods '' . Anyway , this book was so amazing that I read this book more than 5 times and became a big fan of Roger Zelazny . As I have read his books , I have become disappointed , because my first Roger Zelazny book , `` Lord of Light '' , is the best novel except his amber series that I have n't read . I hope to have a chance to buy new English version `` Lord of light '' .
 This novel involves mythology , yet again . Zelazny really liked writing about that stuff , it is not very hard to spot that.A group of highly evolved and powerful posthumans on a planet , are viewed as gods by the other , standard human type denizens.Being gods , of course there are conflicts , petty squabbles , one-upsmanship and trickery.The mythology in question is Hindu , this time .
 A surprisingly good book , given its inherently problematic nature
 this book is absolutely amazing . and trust me , i have read many , many books , and i do not lightly say this . lord of light is one of the best books ever written . now , in the some of the other reviews , people said it was tedious and a bad book . that is because they are rather stupid - one can tell from their writing style . this book is amazing in the way that at first it is rather confusing and boring . it does n't occupy you in the first two chapters at all , but as you continue reading a picture is painted for you , a picture that does n't make very much sense until you finish reading , and even then it may not make complete sense . you are left with a sense of wonder , of excitement , and a feeling of understanding , although you do not quite know what it is you understand . i find it impossible to tell exactly what this book is about , for i myself really do not know . i just understand it on a deeper level . but to tell you a bit about it ... it is the battle over time between the gods and the common men , whom are led by a great leader , sam . sam , who could be a god , but is not one -LRB- at least not officially -RRB- . sam , who is more a god than the `` real '' gods . this book has so many vivid and incredibly real characters that it is impossible to describe . this is a MUST READ , but do n't expect to finish reading it and move on . you must continue to think about it , to make connections , in order to get this book . and that is what is the greatest triumph of it
 Zelazny 's Lord of Light came recommended as the best book in a friend 's science fiction library of several thousand volumes . I 'm mystified . It 's good , of course , especially the character development that electrifies the few quiet moments between its many bombastic battles . In a two-page dialog between former lovers , for example , Zelazny provides a chillingly sensual picture of how a life spanning many incarnations would skew one 's moral compass . But to me the book just was n't tight enough to put it above works like Ender 's Game or The Stars My Destination . Zelazny 's timeline is sloppy and the philosophical foundation he builds in the first three chapters goes nowhere -LRB- except for a twist that will surprise nobody who has read much Heinlein or Niven/Pournelle -RRB- . He eventually even starts to recycle phrases , as when Sam 's weapon darts like a tongue twice in two pages . I could n't even remember the ending a week after reading it.But the book gets 4 stars anyway , because the things that are good -LRB- the philosophy , the poetry , the way he lets his characters live -RRB- are very , very good . It 's a wonderful read , but surely not the best in all of SF .
 I have only praise for Lord of Light and lately , 25 years since I read it in high school , I have this notion that Lord Of Light is Zelazney 's back handed homage/parody of Lord ofthe Rings . There are so many odd parallels , Christian vs. Hindu , and the Sauron like Lord of the Dead who causes revulsion in just about everybody . Anyway , it 's just a thought .
 Originally published in 1967 , Lord of Light was one of the earliest and best loved novels by author Roger Zelazny . Based on a world long colonized by humans from `` long lost Urath '' , the main theme of the book is the struggle between the denizens of Heaven , who have named themselves Brahma , Shiva , Krishna ... etc. after the Hindu Pantheon , and the common man . While the struggle between man and his Gods is a well worn literary plot , here it is approached by a different angle . In Lord of Light , Heaven is located high in the mountains , much like Mount Olympus , and its residents are men descended from the crew of the Star of India , the spaceship that colonized the planet . They possess fantastic levels of technology , even allowing for their reincarnation into new and enhanced bodies . Through this power they rule the rest of the worlds as Gods , suppressing their technological levels to keep themselves in power . There are some who have spurned the power of Heaven , or been cast out , and they seek to advance man upon the world to level they feel more appropriate . The central character of the book , called by many names but best referred to as Sam , founds Buddhism as a counter movement to Hinduism and leads many forces against the gods to break their hold over the planet and accelerate man out of the dark ages.The Author goes to great lengths to give the story the feel of myth . The book is broken down into seven chapters , each telling a different part of this saga . These chapters have brief headers that give some context to what is about to occur , as well as a quote from various Hindu/Buddhist texts . These are necessary as the chapters do not follow events in a linear fashion , which can be hard to grasp upon first read , but give better feel to the number of years that pass during the course of the novel as well as imparting that ambiguous feel that tend to travel with older texts about the gods and their dealings.As an author , Zelazny often skirted the edge between Science Fiction and Fantasy . Known for his poetic style and engaging characters , he was considered a leading part of the New Wave of Science Fiction writers in the 1960 's . Awarded many Hugo and Nebula awards for his work , he was a prolific publisher of short stories and novels up to his untimely death in 1995 at the age of 58 . As this novel is not the easiest read , I would recommend it to someone of high school age and up that also is possessed of an active and open imagination . Should you enjoy this book , as I hope you will , and seek other titles both Paingod and Other Delusions by Harlan Ellison and Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep by Philip K. Dick are quality titles by other New Wave Science Fiction writers .
 I 'm not going to explain what this book is about , the synopsis up top does that . I am just going to tell you what I think of it . Firstly , this book will push you away from it at first because of its confusing beginnings . Just want to preface this review with that . If you can make it through the confusing opening , you 'll find that this is a many layered , and extremely well crafted novel . Zelazny , just like he did in the Amber series , has created a world that is in many ways all unto its own . He tends to jump from past to present almost seamlessly in this book , so make sure you are paying close attention from chapter to chapter and page to page . If you do stick with this book , and truly try and immerse yourself in its words and prose , you will find a real gem in your hands . It never really gets boring , just a little confusing with the shifting from time period to time period . If you know a bit about Eastern religions , you can get even more out of this book , but even if you know next to know about them , you can still really enjoy this book . I highly recommend it .
 The only bad thing that I can think to say of this book is that is a bit disjointed -LRB- ok , a lot disjointed -RRB- . But I 'm used to reading John Barth and Philip K. Dick novels ; they are good preparation for the jumpy narrative and time line . If you can stand to be perplexed for the better part of each chapter -LRB- as to exact time and character/s that your dealing with -RRB- , than you 'll absolutely love this book . If you 're easily confused or are looking for a quick read , than you may want to look else where.With that aside , I would compare the battle scenes to a more poetic Robert Jordan . You know ... back when his novels had action in them . Zelazny truly has command of the language he uses to describe fighting.I 'm a Sci-Fi fan and I highly recommend this .
 I am not usually given to hyperbole , BUT ... Lord of Light is only one of the best books ever written . period . This is one of the books that elevates sci-fi into the realm of great literature . If you know somebody who denegrates sci-fi as pulp , escapist hack work , give them a copy of Lord of Light.And if you only know Zelazny through Amber , wait til you get a load of this !! While I still grieve for the loss of Roger Zelazny -LRB- He passed on a few years back -RRB- , we can all still treasure these gems that he left for us.Read it . Then read it again . Then maybe give it another read . Every time you pick up something new.I love this book . -LRB- or could n't you tell -RRB-
 I first read this book as a sci fi obsessed teen . My mum , knowing my literary tastes , used to go to jumble sales and just buy me any books that had -LRB- In her opinion -RRB- weird covers . This was how I first came to acquire Lord of Light.On finishing it , I immediately turned straight to page one and started to read it again as I could n't bear to leave the amazing world that Zelazny had created.I do n't have that original copy any more , with the great -LRB- Peter Goodfellow ? -RRB- cover illustration of an eye in a golden cloud as I lent it to a friend who lost it -LRB- How many people has that happened to ? -RRB- but the friend bought me another copy that I still have and I 've read it and reread it many times since.Some have said that this book is crying out for a sequel . I disagree . Zelazny 's tale hints at an epic history leading up to the events in Lord of Light which if anything would necessitate a prequel . I regret that he will never write us one.One minor nag , There are a lot of glaring typos in the book which have never been corrected in any of the editions that I 've read and could be confusing to the reader . Ca n't someone just proofread this book and sort this out once and for all?That 's it . I 'll leave it to others to summarise the plot , I 'll just say this . You will never read a better sci fi book than this -LRB- even with typos -RRB- . The story and characters will live on in your mind for ever .
 Roger Zelazny 's `` Lord of Light '' is one of a short list of works for which a very good case can be made that it is THE best piece of science fiction ever written . In scope , scale and originality , L.o.L. has few peers in the genre -LRB- Dune comes to mind -RRB- , and vast themes , after all , are what SF is really all about . Zelazny 's use of language is charmingly idiosyncratic - it soon becomes recognizable as his stylistic signature - and it succeeds in its ambitious program of combining a certain elevation of style with an abundant , dry wit.Above all else , however , Roger Zelazny 's characters are believably very human , and at the same time compellingly larger-than-life . They are somehow archetypal , maybe eternal , but very modern in their outlook . They talk , all the time , the way you would if you could carefully craft all of your lines . And yet , they speak with a lovely and natural spontaneity that is never forced or artificial . Even his villains , who are thoroughly villainous , have considerable personal appeal.Of course , this book has some very minor flaws - the most important of which is that it is relatively short -LRB- about 300 pages -RRB- . A rather endearing flaw is that the author has and displays an abundance of the arrogance of the brilliant young , and he does n't mind clubbing you over the head with his considerable erudition . If you are still young yourself you will love him for it , and if not you will fondly remember the days when you were . In the end , I consider even L.o.L 's few flaws to be an essential part of its fabric . Zelazny manages to dazzle you with his brilliance without ever being condescending , forced or phony , and its all great fun if you 're quick enough to run with him.Lord of Light is one of a short list of books of ANY genre that I make a point of re-reading every few years - for about 30 years now - always with fresh enjoyment . It is a sad and lonesome thing that Zelazny is gone , and he will never give us another story like this one .
 This is a great book . No review can possibly do it justice .
 Lord of Light is my favorite book . In any genre . By any author . It is an absolute crime that this book is out of print . Find yourself a copy . Break and enter if you must . Mug a friend if necessary . Mortgage your home if you must . Read it . Read it again.Superlatives aside , this book is one of Zelazny 's best - THE best in my opinion . It is one of those infrequent finds that gets better with every reading - the texture becomes richer , the elements of the story grow together , the characters develop more fully . It operates at many different levels , and offers something to every reader . A required addition to any library .
 A bit hard to follow but still one of the best books ever
 I have read hundreds of science fiction novels and this has to be among my favorites
 This story was a joy to read . Centered on the characters , and their choices in a conflict of their own making , the narrative does not let any of them off easily .
 For a couple of years , Roger Zelazny was reliably the best author in the field of science fiction/fantasy . When I write `` best , '' I mean both the most satisfying to his fans and the most accomplished in a literary sense . During that time he used religion as a hook and nimbly cavorted through the pantheons . `` Lord of Light '' and to a lesser extent `` Creatures of Light and Darkness '' were novels of brilliance , but two of his novelettes were lightning bolts constrained to paper and ink
 If I only had 50 stars to split among 50 books , this book would get all 50 of mine . I read it 24 years ago , lent it to my best friend , and never got it back . It is BY FAR the best book I can ever remember reading in my whole life . It was certainly , IMHO , the best Zelazny ever wrote in his . He did write many other great ones -LRB- I 've read nearly all of those too -RRB- , but this one is the best . If you only read one Zelazny book in your life , this is the one .
 ... when can we have this on Kindle ?! There are n't many books I continually re-read over the years but this one is at the top of stack .
 I read this book based upon several recommendations that it was a futuristic study of Eastern concepts . Make no mistake , it 's not . In fact , one of the characters says there 's nothing particularly regional about the events which take place ; Christianity and Protestantism could have easily -LRB- though I doubt less controversially -RRB- taken the place of Hinduism and Buddhism.Rather , this book is a thought-provoking engagement of that which operates behind social revolutions , both peaceful and otherwise , both secular and religious . This is not to call it a dry read by any means . The story itself is action-packed with enough laser battles and sufficiently-advanced `` magicked '' science to satisfy any fan of science fiction or space opera . The characters are quite deep , but draw the only major criticism I found for the book.Factions change with barely-credible ease . Bitter enemies turn into staunch allies in mere moments . This does not only occur with the good characterizations , where individuals are noticeably conflicted towards each other from the get go . Rather in several notable instances , including the climax , the reader is led to emotional support for one side of the conflict which suddenly embraces the other side with very little explanation or satisfaction of outstanding plot threads.Highly recommended , with the aforementioned warnings .
 A very different story from -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- one of the best SF writers of all time . Very well developed characters , good plot , and in one of the most imaginative and colorful settings . If you are into mythology you will come back to it time and again , but to get satisfaction from this wonderful book , such knowledge is hardly essential . I rather think there should another rating above 10 for such few books as this one is
 There is a fantastic world.There are Hinduism Gods and Buddha fighting lives by lives . Belief , Deadth , Destroying , Power , Love , Hate , Betrayal , Knowledge and Unknown ... almost of human-being 's aspects and attributes struggled to find their own way , to reach their peak , to be out - under the Light.With fascinating style of telling , thought-provoking lines , Zelazny bring us to this world , to the Light , to believe.Countless of enlightmenting moments for reader!Fake Buddha made a real Buddha!Amazingly , I swallowed all of the Sam words of Beauty , although these 're what he made-up for monks!The Gods ! Oh ! They are NOT fake , they are but Artifical!Sam knew he 's not that Goutama , not that Siddharta , but he 's really The world 's Buddha.He ca n't help being Lord of Light!Don ' t wonder why there 're not much of hard-science in the science-fantasy wonder . It 's the image of the supposed-to-be peak of human-science . But unexpectedly they found there - the peaks of human-life !
 Zelasny walked the thin line between Fantasy and SF probably better that any one . This book shows this like no other.I cant believe i spent all this years and never read his master piece .
 On a far planet in the future , mankind has fallen into its old ways . Long ago , the officers of the spacecraft STAR OF INDIA stranded their colonists with no technology , then returned in a century to rule their descendants as the gods of the Hindu pantheon . Not only can they switch to new bodies by a technological trick , but after the first century they begin to develop godlike mental powers . Once they were all saved by the power of Sam , who could bind the demonic energy creatures native to the planet ; today they spurn Lord Siddartha , as he is known , and plot to harm him , and so begins Sam 's war against Heaven ; just as the fit hits the Shan . Sam is angry with the way the world is run , and prepares his most potent weapon
 I just finished sending these comments to one of this novel 's previous publishers -- as part of a longer letter imploring them to republish what is certainly one of Science Fiction 's few legitimate masterpieces . Perhaps others who feel strongly can do likewise . ----- `` Lord of Light '' is , without question , one of the great Science Fiction books ever written . In 1967 it won the most prestigious award in the genre -- Hugo , for novel of the year -- at a time when Science Fiction may have been at its artistic peak . More important , in the years since a great number of science fiction fans have read , re-read , and loved the novel , classifying it along with `` Dune , '' `` Stranger in a Strange Land , '' `` The Moon is a Harsh Mistress , '' `` The Mote in God 's Eye '' and a handful of others books that can legitimately contend for the title `` Best SF Novel Ever Written . '' As you may surmise , it gets my vote . My copy is paperback . It 's torn and tattered and the spine is bent -- it dates from the 1960s after all -- but I 've read it many times and woud n't consider getting rid of it unless I had a better copy . I was intending , however , to nominate the book to a reading club I 've joined , for reading and group discussion in one of the coming months . Finding it out of print , frankly , left me shocked and a bit baffled . This is a MAJOR science fiction novel by a MAJOR author ! Furthermore , like `` Jonathan Livingston Seagull '' and `` The Little Prince , '' it touches something special in the hearts of people . That is n't something every book does after thirty two years . I learned that `` Lord of Light '' was out of print when I looked for it on AMAZON.COM . Amazon has a policy of letting readers post reviews about the books they 've read . The site has both good and bad reviews for nearly everything . `` Lord of Light , '' however , is an exception like I 've never seen . It was rated a `` 10 '' in every review . I 've captured all of them , and they 're attached to this e-mail unedited , so please judge for yourself . It boils down to this
 Just picked up this reissue , and it 's aged much better than have the Amber novels . Poor Z. wrote a good bit of crap in the 1980s up to his death in 1994 , so if you 've read any of that , do n't write off the early stuff . `` Lord of Light '' builds on the foundation of earlier SF . Whereas the idea of a sleeper-ship whose crew decide to lord it over their charges on the destination planet -- and I mean , Lord it over them -- might 've been a plot in itself for Heinlein or Clarke , Zelazny leaves this so much in the background that it 's really handy to have that part indicated on the back cover.I did n't find the chapters disjointed or mere `` tales , '' though time may pass between them . I will pass along that , in my teens when I first read the book , it took me a while to catch on that chapter 1 is `` in medias res '' -- chapter 2 goes back to the beginning of the story , and the book advances from there.A clever , funny , poetic , and touching book . Z 's better books are valuable for their style alone , even when the plot and characters are as good as they are here . He , Vance , and maybe Brunner are the great SF stylists of the Sixties .
 This has long been one of my favorites . It is Zelazny at his best , and represents a fusion of sci-fi and fantasy . I love this book , and my old copy was so worn out that I have been looking for another for about two years . This re-release represents a chance for those lucky individuals who have not yet had the pleasure of reading this amazing book to do so , and for those of us who want another copy to get one . If I had to reccomend one book this season it would be a this one - do yourself a favor and spend the money .
 IT 'S BACK IN PRINT ! IT 'S BACK IN PRINT ! Thank all the gods , it 's finally back in print!The book is everything promised and so much more . A mature counter-point to the -LRB- also excellent -RRB- `` Creature of Light and Darkness '' , the book is not diminished by re-reading . Even though I have the story comitted to memory , along with numerous key quotes , it remains fresh and insightful -- indeed , timeless . The book was written in 1967 and could have just as easily been read today.The characters are distinct and original and , yet , at the same time the story has an epic and poetic feel that is perfectly appropriate to its subject matter.Zelazny was the Lord of Writers and we sha n't see his like again . Let us only hope that this book is the first of many re-prints to come .
 In brief
 Lord of Light is a wonderful novel , fully worthy of the praise it has garnered . It is set many centuries in the future , after `` the death of Urath . '' On a colony planet , men have battled the previous inhabitants and won , and have established a society . This society is based on technological means of imitating the Hindu religion . Specifically , when the body nears death , it is possible to transfer the `` mind '' or `` soul '' to a new body , even the body of an animal . But some of the earliest colonists , including the `` First , '' have additional powers , which give them the status of gods . They also have taken control of the means of reincarnation , and a faction among them is using that means in political ways
 Humanity defeats the native `` energy '' beings that populated the orb and establishes a colony on the planet with a Hindu like societal order . Using advanced technology , the crew of the ship transfers their minds into a new body when theirs is near death . They also develop other advances that enable them to form a pantheon with god-like powers . Beneath them are the colonists and even further below in this pyramid of power are the natives . No one bucks the leadership as not only can they technology reincarnate they can convert others into animals.One of these techno-Gods , preferring to be called Sam rather than Mahasamatman , feels that the mistreatment of others is morally wrong . He thinks that he and his peers should share their technology with the lower strata . His peers insist those beneath them are incapable of dealing with godlike powers and need their hand to guide them . Sam never claimed the mantle and though he hates what he feels he must do , this `` fallen angel '' leads a revolt against his ruling brothers and sisters as he wants to establish a different world order.This is a deep science fiction novel with religious and social overtones . The story line is loaded with action , but also takes its time to defend critical arguments set forth by author Roger Zelazny . The cast fosters the concepts of the plot so that development is targeted more towards an idea than a character . Still with all that this is a cerebral tale that will have readers pondering a host of subjects from comparative religions to white man 's burden to fostering American style democracy in Iraq , etc. in a clever novel that will require concentration or one will miss a point.Harriet Klausner
 This turned out to be Zelazny 's masterpiece . It was n't supposed to be that way -- Zelazny was the '60s version of the guy who was going to hoist SF into the artistic empyrean . That did n't happen . -LRB- It never does -- see Varley , John , and Gibson , William . -RRB- But he did leave behind `` Lord of Light '' , and a few other works that serve as glowing examples of what can be done within an all-too-often infantile form.The premise is that an interstellar colony has , so long ago that the events are no more than legend , been turned into an effectively eternal dictatorship by the starship crew , who with the aid of advanced tech have acquired the aspects of the Hindu pantheon to lord it over the poor peasantry . -LRB- There 's also a dour Calvinist theocracy elsewhere on the planet , but that 's another story . -RRB- The protagonist is Mahatsamatman , known as `` Sam '' , a man who is not , in fact , the Enlightened One , -LRB- though everyone insists otherwise -RRB- but is close enough . He decides to overthrow the whole miserable structure , and that 's the story in a nutshell . Battles , conspiracies , encounters with alien , and not very advanced , energy beings , betrayals , disasters , and all else follow , in the style of the great Hindu epic the Mahabharata , along with plenty of 20th-century wise-guy prose . -LRB- Zelazny was also a student of Chandler . -RRB- This is a great roaring monster of a book , of a kind that would have a very hard time getting published today . -LRB- It 's also * structured * like the Mahabharata , with vast chunks of out-of-sequence narrative -- the first chapters occur * after * the ensuing two-hundred-odd pages -- which would be guaranteed to drive the current generation of editors out of their minds . -RRB- `` Lord of Light '' is one of the few novels to take on a basic , and all but ignored , SF thesis -- if technology does have the power to make us godlike , then we 'd better damn well be ready for the role . Zelaxny shows us the negative aspect -- what happens when the process fails . The positive side -- which Sam perhaps reaches , and perhaps does n't -- is only hinted at . But it 's good to see the concept handled at all by anybody apart from James Blish . Everyone else simply runs away from it in terror.A final point
 This is one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . If you are going to read one ofZelazny 's books make it this one . It is at times funny , serious , outragous and compassionate . All thecharacters in it are all too human and each , at times , sucumb to their weaknesses . But all the majorcharacters are given a chance to rise above the best they believe themselves capable of . Do n't takeoffense to the liberties Zelazny takes in the portrayals of Hinduism , Buddhism and Christianity andyou will learn much about yourself whatever your beliefs are.Oh , and it also contains the greatest play on words/pun that has ever been used . Read this masterpeice to find out what it is for yourself!Relic113
 Lord of Light has all the qualities that made Zelazny one of SF 's best loved writers , and a six-time Hugo winner . Above all , it is cleverly knitted together , and provides excellent entertainment value . Few SF novels can match it with its smooth yet complex plot and ingenious use of religious / scientific themes .
 `` Lord of Light '' is an outstanding example of Zelazny 's intriguing writing style . As a writer on the fore-front of New Wave science fiction , he had more interest in delving into a character 's psyche than the character 's surroundings . He does this stunningly with Sam -LRB- drop the `` Mahat - '' and the '' - atman '' -RRB- . As is usual , Mr. Zelazny drops the reader , confused , straight into the action . Do n't give up reading , you 'll understand what 's happening around page 100 . Zelazny utilizes the Hindu pantheon of gods in this book much better than the Egyptian pantheon in a previous book . He acurately depicts the beliefs , and , later , how Buddhism was able to unravel -LRB- ch.sp . -RRB- them.The story , though written in a way as to seem aloof of any concern over or involvment in mere mortal culture , is actually a moving story of how one man -LRB- he never claimed to be a god , but then , he never claimed not to , either -RRB- frees a stagnant society from the bonds of the Caste -LRB- Kaste ? -RRB- System.If you do n't enjoy `` Lord of Light '' , try `` Donnerjack . '' Zelazny 's humor is shown slightly better in `` Donnerjack '' than `` Lord of Light . ''
 Lord of Light is without a doubt , one of the best things I 've read -LRB- and I 've read a LOT , believe me -RRB- . I highly recommend this great masterpiece to every serious Sci-Fi/Fantasy fan out there , along with Gibson 's Neuromancer , Orwell 's 1984 , Herbert 's Dune -LRB- 1-6 -RRB- , Harrison 's The Hammer and The Cross trilogy - ones of the best novels ever written .
 The good news
 `` His followers called him Zelazny and said he was a god `` It 's an absolute crime this book is out of print.The opening is brilliant , the endings wonderful . The concept , the plot , the characters , the setting , the ambiance , the style , the social commentary - all are magical ! The narrative technique -LRB- s -RRB- are without equal . There is n't a word out of place or a weak passage anywhere in the book . It is humorous , insightful , romantic , action-packed , complex , and you wo n't even put it down when you finish reading it the first time.Zelazny blends religious , political , moral and expedient motives , telling of a monumental struggle between gods , men , demons and monsters -LRB- and all of them are a little of each -RRB- . I waited a long time to write this review , because I knew I 'd never do it justice . It does n't seem fair that I can only give it 5 stars.Steal this book from a friend if you ca n't buy it .
 My only regret is that it ends . Once I entered the rich world created by Zelazny , I never wanted to leave . I have read and re-read this masterpiece of science fiction , and my time has always been well rewarded . But I ca n't help envying any person who had the chance to read it for the first time . Just as the Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings , Asimov 's I , Robot , Gibson 's Neuromancer , Card 's Ender 's Game and other works were ground-breaking works in the genre , Lord of Light is a timeless classic that must be on the shelf of any SF lover .
 This book is my bible . Having lost my 10 + year old copy , I am THRILLED to see this re-released . -LRB- I have ordered 5 copies -RRB- This supercedes Vampire Lestat and scores of other excellent books and holds as my personal `` Best Book Ever ! '' I have read it over 100 times -LRB- And I do have a life besides -RRB- and I keep getting something new from it . You must read this at least 3 times to actually understand this book . It does n't follow chronologically -LRB- skips around in time -RRB- and people change bodies and names , so there is too much to keep track of in one reading ... Enjoy !
 `` Lord of Light '' is in a word Incredible . Just stunning . Really . The first chapter was kind of hard to get through since your still being introduced to the world , and he just jumps in . From the second chapter on I was absolutely captivated . The writing is beautiful , the story is brilliant and thought provoking . Its a story both big and small in scope.Loved it .
 The Hindu Mythology all comes to life in this incredible Zelazny work . Magic , dark powers demons and gods all strife for supremacy on a world Man colonized thousands of years ago.Technology as magic , psi powers as attributes for gods , energy fields as the demons who are the original inhabitants of this world , before Man came.This books tells the story of a great struggle of a one man against gods , demons and everything else that dares to oppose him , a man who tries to free Man from shackles that seem unbreakable.One of the greatest of Zelazny 's work , a book who should be there , side to side with the greatest Fantasy works of all times .
 Like Arthur C. Clarke , Roger Zelazny had a brilliant knack for mixing religion and science fiction . In Lord of Light , he gives us a unique spin to Indian mythology in a novel that is both serious and a bit whimsical . But at the root of this story there is more , for as with so much fine science fiction , a question is posed
 Having grown up in Kiowa/Comanche country for all my child and adolescent life and having been immersed in the attendant legends , though from a white perspective , I began to research Southern Plains Indian culture much later in life . During my early investigations I came upon Alice Marriott 's `` The Ten Grandmothers '' . This was the book I was looking for but did n't know it . Other research had served up books `` about '' the Kiowas . This was as close to a book `` by '' the Kiowas as could be expected given that the Kiowas had no written language . Ms. Marriott has done a superb job of not only recording these stories of the old ways , but has let the Kiowa voice come through loud and clear . As you read these stories you feel yourself sitting around the fire in an 1800s Kiowa camp listening to these stories being told first hand.One of my favorite chapters was about the day the children made a play camp and built a defensive earthen berm and ditch -LRB- I believe the Kiowas were about the only plains tribe to employ such a defensive tactic -RRB- . Later that night White Bear began blowing his `` liberated '' cavalry bugle as he led the victorious raiding party back to camp . The women in the camp , awakened and thinking they were under attack by the cavalry , began tearing down the camp as the men mounted and rode out to meet the enemy and cover the escape of the women and children . Not knowing about the children 's ditch , both incoming and outgoing parties of mounted warriors careened into this obstacle in the darkness . Those within earshot of the melee were in a panic thinking their worst fears were being visited upon them . The next day , a rule was announced by White Bear that , while play camps are good , children were not to make play camps with ditches ; only the men could make ditches.We owe Ms. Marriott a huge debt of gratitude for preserving these treasures that might otherwise have been lost .
 I find `` Takin ' Back my Name '' a funny title for this book . Admittedly , Ike owns up to all his faults and does n't hold back much , but that only leaves you feeling like all the things you 've ever heard about Ike Turner over the years are true.The commentary is laughable as it defends Ike who admits to `` marrying '' 12 or so times , beating and mentally tormenting Tina -LRB- about whom he ca n't muster anything really bad to say -RRB- , snorting coke , smoking pot , smoking crack , carrying guns , and more.His recollections are all over the place , and he actually tries to make it sound like he had everyones best interests in mind throughout everything . For the things even Ike ca n't defend , he simply says he was young and did n't know better.A favorite moment was when Ike actually suggests that considering his financial situation , Tina should go on the road with him for one last farewell tour . After all the years of cheating , beating and drugs he still ca n't understand why she would n't want to!Through all this though , and despite the fact that Ike could be recollecting 1963 in one sentence and 1974 in the next , it is an interesting rock n ' roll bio from someone who is arguably a hall of famer.Ike & Tina are my favorite duo of all time , so this was a must read for me - but even if they are n't your favorite band you 'd enjoy the smattering of other celebrities and unbeleivable stories in this book.I gave it five stars because forgetting his faults -LRB- I know ... -RRB- , Ike Turner does deserve some recognition as half a legendary rock duo , and also because this book is very entertaining and hard to put down.Let 's hope with the proceeds Ike is doing something productive .
 I , like most people , learned much of what I knew of Ike Turner from his eighth ex-wife Tina 's autobiography , I , Tina . From that time to approximately 1997 I had an ongoing fascination with finding out more about often reclusive Turner . Takin ' Back My Name fills in many of the gaps left by Tina 's book and by interviews that have focused more on his relationship with his wife than with his life and career . Contrary to other reviews of this book which appear on this site , Turner is not illiterate or unfamiliar with the English language -- nor is the book full of mis-spellings . It was co-authored by Nigel Cawthorne , a British journalist and printed in the United Kingdom where the spellings are `` proper English '' . When sent here to the United States , the publisher did not deem it necessary to change over spellings of words like `` tyre '' or `` recognise '' . For those looking for an in your face , honest examination of Ike & Tina , look no further . Pay close attention to the fight that takes place in Texas the prefaced Tina 's departure . It takes checking out both books to get a clearer understanding of what made Ike and Tina Turner both spectacular AND volatile .
 Turner is an old man now , with a selective memory , a jumbled narrative style -LRB- less his fault than his co-writer 's and editors ' -RRB- and a past so sick with brutality that he 'll never own up to it , so do n't expect him to . He is also one of the three or four most important figures in early Rock 'n Roll composition , promotion , and performance . For me , the information he provides on the latter is invaluable , engaging , and moving . His character is besides the point , which I suppose is what he deserves . But his major contributions to a great genre of American music ca n't be ignored .
 This is a very unusual book . There is the early Ike Turner of Clarksdale and Sun Studios and Modern Studios of California . A fascinating look into the birth of rock and roll.Then there is the Tina era and a no holds barred portrait of Ike 's desires as a man . Fame , substance and women . It is reminiscent of the Miles Davis autobiography as the courage to acknowledge his desires and actions is everpresent.Finally is the Tina fiasco cleanup . I admire Ike for writing this book . He is not takin it lying down . He is affected by the experience but does not whitewash it . And he feels he has not been dealt with square.At times the narrative is unconvincing . But I think it is healing his spirit to write his book . There is goodness and devil in everyman and Reading this one reminds me of the devil in me as well as the goodness in Ike.And lastly do not miss the Little Richard introduction . Unbelievable !!!
 Turner is an old man now , with a selective memory , a jumbled narrative style -LRB- less his fault than his co-writer 's and editors ' -RRB- and a past so sick with brutality that he 'll never own up to it , so do n't expect him to . He is also one of the three or four most important figures in early Rock 'n Roll composition , promotion , and performance . For me , the information he provides on the latter is invaluable , engaging , and moving . His character is besides the point , which I suppose is what he deserves . But his major contributions to a great genre of American music ca n't be ignored .
 Well , let me say this , if you are a Tina Turner fan like I am , then you will have to put your faithfulness to the side to read this book , because there are always two sides to a story.The first thing I want to say is Ike tried to use Tina 's style in telling his side of the story . I guess he figured , `` if she could do it , I can too '' . And this style did not do him justice . It made him look like a low life womanizer , do n't give a hoot about life and that everyone is picking on him or was/still out to use and get him . I feel that he could have gotten another co-writer or a contributer to help write his side of the story.I did not like this book , because they jumped from one year to another and back to an earlier year and left the reader wondering what happened in between . The book really got confusing.Second , Ike did admit that he did hit Tina , he said he did not abuse her , but he hit her . I do believe that he did not abuse her until after he became addicted to cocain . And I a glad to see that he apologize for his actions.I think that he should have stayed away from the movie `` What 's Love Got to Do With it '' , and focus more on answering questions in her book `` I , Tina '' because it was obvious -LRB- if you read the book -RRB- , that the movie was somewhat ficticious.I wanted his book to go into more details on his life with Tina , though I know that he had a life before and after her and I wished he could have shown more pictures . I think he was too detailed in his child hood sex life . He should have just told who and how he lost his virginity and not described how it felt . When he did this , I felt I was reading porn.He could have given a little more detail on why him and Ann Thomas seperated . I also wanted to learn more on his relationship with his children 's mother -LRB- Lorraine -RRB- and also , touched on his relationship with Little Richard , Gladys Knight and other R&B ; artist he toured with at the Apollo , the Howard Theater , etc. I do n't think the book deserves 4 stars because of its writing style , but I gave it four stars because of his efforts to `` Get the Record Straight '' .
 Its easier to hate Ike Turner with his devilish features and never ending cursing , than to stop for a moment and think about the fact that he is self-thought music genius without education , a guy who somehow managed to escape dangerous and racist American South and built a career in a business where white managers call the shots.Responsible for 26 musicians in his group , providing them with salary and job , no wonder he was a bossy character who waved his gun on every step - he HAD to be tough otherwise he would be eaten alive.Forever marked in public consciousness as a bad guy of rock and roll , Turner never had a chance to say his side of the story - nobody would listen anyway.I firmly believe that nobody could be evil
 This cat Ike claims credit for originating Rock 'n Roll , -LRB- admittedly , some evidence -RRB- , Elvis , Hendrix & feedback , back-up girl singers ' choreography steps , strobe lighting , rap , and more ! It 's a blast and should be read with a pinch of salt , but it should be read ! File under comedy .
 First , I would like to say that this book is not for everyone . In the end , Mr Turner says that a lot of the way he learned to get along in life was because of charisma . I found myself not able to stop reading the book . No , I do not think that he is such a great person , but there is something in the childlike naivity and honesty he has to offer . Without judging him , who among us is great . Ike Turner is someone I have met before , at parties , at events , in many cases the life of the party . In some cases , the party itself . What else did he offer anybody than entertainment . The real lesson is his description of jail and the hard time he had to serve . Those kind of graphics should speak loudly to anyone who cares about freedom ... and staying clean .
 Ike Turner is considered by many to be one of the most influential musicians of his time . Following the allegations of abuse by Tina he has also become one of the most despised . His talent was quickly forgotten , or more accurately , ignored.I first bought this book out of curiousity wondering whether he would have a hope in hell of defending himself.The truth is this book does n't really excuse anything Ike has done , but goes a long way in explaining some of his actions.Ike was exposed to so much sex and violence at such a young age it is possible to understand sometimes why he behaved the way he did . It would have been far easier for him to just lash out and blame Tina for everything or insist she was the one lying -LRB- After all that 's exactly what she did , -LRB- Even though she chose to stay with him for 18 years , so was he really that evil , I do n't think so . -RRB- I for one admire him for admitting to as much as he did knowing it would n't do much to enhance his character . There in a certain humanity in that and a dignity that only comes with experience.Nobody least of all Ike is denying the pain he 's caused Tina , his kids or anyone else , in the past . But any decent open-minded person can see he has his own pain to deal with and i think that is what he 's trying to do here.Even at such a late stage in his life he is finally learning about real love and success.Tina was given her break , a second chance to build a new life and career away from her past , all Ike wants now is his chance to do the same thing . Should anyone deny him that ? ...
 I read this book with great interest . If you love rock and roll , you should be interested in the life of the man who wrote Rocket 88 and who invented Tina Turner . The book is a provocative , balls-out character study of a complex , violent , multi-faceted musical genius . Places the Disney over-simplification of this individual in frightening context -- Ike 's been trying to tell his story all these years . He lacks the idiom of standard English -- and so it 's difficult for most people to make him out as anything more than a violent bogey-man . But he 's far more -- and the contribution he made to rock obliges us to understand his background , his feelings and his violent complexity . It may be good to hear his side -- he 's penitent , but not ashamed . Let 's not forget -- he was hopelessly addicted to cocaine during much of the time he committed many of his most egregious sins . And , -- let us not also forget that he is a legend . There would be no Tina Turner without Ike . She would still be in Nutbush eating strawberries .
 I am a record producer . I have been around musicians in many guises . There are few originals . Ike Turner is one of them . Ike Turner literally INVENTED Rock and Roll . If you do n't believe it , listen to his early tracks . Listen to him play guitar on the Kid Thomas sides , then tell me Jimi Hendrix did n't rip him . Ike was also a show business genius . When `` colored '' acts could n't get work out of the `` chitlin circuit '' , Ike put together a package that crossed all genre , AND was a hit . Yeah , Ike got loaded . Yeah , Ike was a control freak ... So were the others like
 BY OWNING UP TO THE MISTAKES HE MADE IKE TURNER HAS REDEEMED HIMSELF . I 'LL ADMIT I 'VE ALWAYS BEEN ANNOYED BY THE POSTURINGTINA BANDWAGON RIDERS . BUT LITTLE RICHARD SETS IT STRAIGHT WHEN HE SAYS ABOUT TINA `` SHE KNOWS MY NAME BUT SHE DO N'T CALL ME . `` GIVEN THE TIMES OF THE `` TINA ERA '' IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A PRUDENTCAREER MOVE TO PLAY THE ABUSED SPOUSE - IT APPEARS SHE AND HER PUBLIC RELATIONS MACHINE DID THIS-HER TIMING WAS PERFECT & SHE BUILT QUITE A CAREER OUT OF IT.IT WAS QUITE THE FASHION-EVEN DID A DUET WITH MICK JAGGER-BUT A ONE TRICK PONY . BEAR IN MIND HER ENTIRE SCHTICK WAS DESIGNED DOWN TO THE LAST WARDROBE DETAIL BY IKE TURNER -LRB- HIS FANTASY BEING `` SHEENA OF THE JUNGLE '' THE 1940 'S FILM CHARACTER -RRB- - AND AS OLD IKE SAID - `` SHE KNEW WHAT I WAS LIKE-WHY DID SHE STAY AROUND SO LONG ? `` WHAT I LIKED BEST ABOUT THIS BOOK WAS THE SLANG USED REMINDED ME OF THE GHETTO TALK OF MY YOUTH . AND THE EXPERIENCES IKE REMEMBERS ARE NOT THAT UNUSUAL FOR THOSE OF US THAT HAVE SEEN THE BOTTOM RUNG OF THE LADDER . THE MAN HAS AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT OF TALENT AND CONTINUES TO BE A MAJOR INFLUENCE . THIS BOOK SERVES AS A PRIMER AND INSPIRATION FOR ANYONE SURVIVING-INTACT-COMING OUT OF THE URBAN JUNGLE AND BEING THROWN INTO THE BUSINESS JUNGLE-WITH ALL ATTENDANT STRESSES AND PAINS - ALL THE VIOLATIONS - ALL THE HEARTACHE OF DISLOYALTIES - AND THEN BEING THROWN BACK INTO THE BOTTOM AGAIN-NOT IN ANONYMITY-BUT UNDER THE SCRUTINY OF THE WHOLE WORLD - AND THEN BOOTSTRAPPING YOURSELF - FOR A THIRD TIME !!!!!!! - THIS MAN UNDERSTANDS SURVIVAL-WELCOME BACK , IKE -
 Eduardo Lince F&aacute;brega 's first novel of his Anton Valley trilogy is such a marvelous story that lifts you away and takes you straight to the heart of the nature of Panama.Even if you 've never traveled to Anton Valley in real life , you become a first hand spectator of the fabulous locations that inspired the novel , get lost between the veils of popular children 's legends , feel compassion for the characters and thrilled with the array of good and evil beings that inhabit both the pages of this book and the imagination of its author , depicted by the creativity and charming style of M. Javier de Gracia 's illustrations.I recommend this reading for fantasy and nature enthusiasts , and specially for children who will surely learn the value of love , respect for all living beings , and above all , pureness of heart .
 Secrets overshadow the Forbidden Valley , and humanity holds the key to their discovery . A bewitching adventure that made me wonder just who controls our world . A super read ! And it 's bilingual to boot !
 No lo pude soltar hasta llegar al final ya que mezcla el humor con las aventuras imparables . Los personajes son m&aacute;gicos . Adem&aacute;s es refrescante ver leyendas europeas y del continente americano top&aacute;ndose cara a cara , sumado a un excelente mensaje ecol&oacute;gico . La edici&oacute;n biling&uuml;e es excelente para los que quieran reforzar cualquiera de los idiomas . Yo dir&iacute;a que igual lo disfrutan jovenes y adultos .
 This is the best series of books I have found for history for 9-12 year olds . I teach 4th and 5th graders and they love these books . They have interesting pictures and are written at the perfect level . I like all the art project ideas they include , the organized method in which they are written , and the timeline which runs the bottom of the pages . This is a great resource . I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 In addition to being a great basic source book for information on ancient civilizations and classical Greece , this book offers illustrations , photographs , and timelines to convey information visually.But even better are the projects -- each one with several color step-by-step photographs and detailed instructions -- which offer your child the kind of hands-on learning that makes the information stick in their minds.Some projects are very simple , like air-dry clay seals and tokens . Some projects take a bit longer , like making a fresco -LRB- small and do-able -RRB- . We skipped the recipes and making a scroll -LRB- although we did practice with the Greek alphabet -RRB- , and I let my youngest make a chiton for his Build-a-Bear out of a ruined pillowcase -LRB- I did n't want to go fabric shopping for human-sized garments -RRB- . For us , the best projects were the Parthenon , the papier-mache vase , and the Archimedes screw . *** update -- I am adding my son 's completed Parthenon project in Customer Images . The project is on pp 34-37 in the book , and he made a few substitutions in materials . Check out his results .
 I have thoroughly enjoyed and greatly profited from my two close readings of Cardinal Dulles 's THE SURVIVAL OF DOGMA -LRB- 1971 , 1982 -RRB- . And I have never taken a theology course in my life.I suspect that a professional theologian of the year 2008 might , however , find this book easy reading and long since overtaken by events and ever newer and more daring speculations and suggestions . But for me this was work , enjoyable work , but nonetheless work . Why ? What makes the clearly expressed , far from ponderous SURVIVAL OF DOGMA demanding to an average non-specialist reader with strong interest in the religions of America?First to be flagged , perhaps , is the book 's rather weak unity . Its subtitle is FAITH , AUTHORITY , AND DOGMA IN A CHANGING WORLD . Three topics are spread over twelve chapters . But each chapter represents either a separate lecture or article composed between 1968 and 1970 . And each was written to stand alone . The author suggests that we read them in any order we choose . So the unity is not tight.That said , the writing is clear . In particular the three page INTRODUCTION is the best brief overview I have read in a decade . It pulls together with correct emphasis the half dozen major themes of the book . In his INTRODUCTION the future Cardinal Dulles states his main thesis
 In spite of its length , I 've read this book several times . It is n't just a widely acclaimed historic and literary masterpiece , written by a leading participant in the events he describes . It is n't just vividly written and thoroughly researched.More importantly , it 's one of the best books ever written about revolution , as relevant today as ever.The most important conclusion that emerges is the crucial role of a revolutionary party with an overwhelmingly working class membership , leadership and political orientation
 Leon Trotsky 's History of the Russian Revolution is partisan history at its best . One does not and should not , at least in this day in age , ask historians to be ` objective ' . One simply asks that the historian present his or her narrative and analysis and get out of the way . Trotsky meets that criterion . Furthermore , in Trotsky 's case there is nothing like having a central actor in that drama , who can also write brilliantly and wittily , give his interpretation of the important events and undercurrents swirling around Russia in 1917 . If you are looking for a general history of the revolution or want an analysis of what the revolution meant for the fate of various nations after World War I or its affect on world geopolitics look elsewhere . E.H. Carr 's History of the Russian Revolution offers an excellent multi-volume set that tells that story through the 1920 's . Or if you want to know what the various parliamentary leaders , both bourgeois and Soviet , were thinking and doing from a moderately leftist viewpoint read Sukhanov 's Notes on the Russian Revolution . For a more journalistic account John Reed 's classic Ten Days That Shook the World is invaluable . Trotsky covers some of this material as well . However , if additionally , you want to get a feel for the molecular process of the Russian Revolution in its ebbs and flows down at the base in the masses where the revolution was made Trotsky 's is the book for you.The life of Leon Trotsky is intimately intertwined with the rise and decline of the Russian Revolution in the first part of the 20th century . As a young man , like an extraordinary number of talented Russian youth , he entered the revolutionary struggle against Czarism in the late 1890 's . Shortly thereafter he embraced what became a lifelong devotion to a Marxist political perspective . However , except for the period of the 1905 Revolution when Trotsky was chairman of the Petrograd Soviet and later in 1912 when he tried to unite all the Russian Social Democratic forces in an ill-fated unity conference , which goes down in history as the ` August Bloc ' , he was essentially a free lancer in the international socialist movement . At that time Trotsky saw the Bolsheviks as `` sectarians '' as it was not clear to him at that time that for socialist revolution to be successful the reformist and revolutionary wings of the movement had to be organizationally split . With the coming of World War I Trotsky drew closer to Bolshevik positions but did not actually join the party until the summer of 1917 when he entered the Central Committee after the fusion of his organization , the Inter-District Organization , and the Bolsheviks . This act represented an important and decisive switch in his understanding of the necessity of a revolutionary workers party to lead the revolution.As Trotsky himself noted , although he was a late comer to the concept of a Bolshevik Party that delay only instilled in him a greater understanding of the need for a vanguard revolutionary workers party to lead the revolutionary struggles . This understanding underscored his political analysis throughout the rest of his career as a Soviet official and as the leader of the struggle of the Left Opposition against the Stalinist degeneration of the Russian Revolution . After his defeat at the hands of Stalin and his henchmen Trotsky wrote these three volumes in exile in Turkey from 1930 to 1932 . At that time Trotsky was not only trying to draw the lessons of the Revolution from an historian 's perspective but to teach new cadre the necessary lessons of that struggle as he tried first reform the Bolshevik Party and the Communist International and then later , after that position became politically untenable , to form a new , revolutionary Fourth International . Trotsky was still fighting from this perspective in defense of the gains of the Russian Revolution when a Stalinist agent cut him down . Thus , without doubt , beyond a keen historian 's eye for detail and antidote , Trotsky 's political insights developed over long experience give his volumes an invaluable added dimension not found in other sources on the Russian Revolution.As a result of the Bolshevik seizure of power the so-called Russian Question was the central question for world politics throughout most of the 20th century . That central question ended practically with the demise of the Soviet Union in the early 1990 's . However , there are still lessons , not all negative , to be learned from the experience of the Russian Revolution . Today , an understanding of this experience is the task for the natural audience for this book , the young alienated radicals of Western society.The central preoccupation of Trotsky 's volumes reviewed here and of his later political career concerns the problem of the crisis of revolutionary leadership of the international labor movement and its national components . That problem can be stated as the gap between the already existing objective conditions necessary for beginning socialist construction based on the current level of capitalist development and the immaturity or lack of revolutionary leadership to overthrow the old order . From the European Revolutions of 1848 on , not excepting the heroic Paris Commune , until his time the only successful working class revolution had been in led by the Bolsheviks in Russia in 1917 . Why ? Anarchists may look back to the Paris Commune or forward to the Spanish Civil War in 1936 for solace but the plain fact is that absent a revolutionary party those struggles were defeated without establishing the prerequisites for socialism . History has indicated that a revolutionary party that has assimilated the lessons of the past and is rooted in the working class allied with and leading the plebian masses in its wake is the only way to bring the socialist program to fruition . That hard truth shines through Trotsky 's three volumes . Unfortunately , this is still the central problem confronting the international labor movement today . Read this book many times .
 Considered by some to be the greatest 20th century work of history , Trotsky 's masterpiece could equally be considered great literature . Trotsky 's `` protagonist '' is the Petrograd working class , whose consciousness develops under the ebb and flow of the revolution . Trotsky writes with superb eye for individual detail , his crowd scenes as masterly as Tolstoy 's battles . This is one of the great works of the 20th century .
 If you 're looking for a light read , Trotsky 's History of Russian Revolution is not the way to go by any means . But , despite its length , and despite the enormity of its topic , this is an amazingly accessible and engrossing account of one of the modern world 's most important political and historical events , written by one of its main players . There are certainly some parts that are more difficult than others , and some where clearly Trotsky assumes an understanding of what happened in Russia during 1917 - an expectation of his readers that would have been utterly reasonable for the audience he was writing for , at the time he was writing , but which at times can be a bit confusing for a Westerner reading it almost 100 years later . But this is only occasionally frustrating and there is , in any event , a very helpful set of appendices and glossaris at the back that help you know who 's who and what 's what . It is , undoubtedly in my view , well worth the effort that it will take you to get through it . I do n't think any other history of the revolution is as detailed , as comprehensive , and as engaging as this . There are times when it really has you on the edge of your seat - and that , no doubt , is largely because it is written by someone who was actually there.Max Eastman , who was a friend of Trotsky , gives us a translation that feels tremendously fresh and was enthusiastically endorsed by Trotsky himself .
 If you want to learn how to change the world , read this book , not for the history , but for the practical realities of struggle , of how working people , peasants , oppressed nationalities , in struggle can topple what might seem an invincible and unjust regime . If this is a literary masterpiece , if it gives the real history , if it is a great analysis , it is because the writer wanted to share the experience of working people of the Old Russian Empire with people of the world , because he knew there would be a future that needed this book . This is that future!This is best read with volumes 25,26,27 , & 28 of Lenin 's collected worksWhile this book is not always available on Amazon , it is always available from BooksfromPathfinder , an Amazon Z store that you can get to by clicking on New and Used further up this page !
 This is one of the most exciting books I 've ever read . It tells the amazing story of the Russian revolution of 1917 , from the overthrow of the Czar to the Bolshevik Revolution of October . What makes it an incredible read is that the author , Leon Trotsky , was at the middle of it all , as one of the central planners of the insurrection that took power . Trotsky was a great revolutionary and great writer . But one thing I especially like about the book is that Trotsky uses excerpts from many other accounts , including those who hated him with a passion , to tell the story accurately . It is an inspiring story , especially for new generations of young people , workers and farmers who need to learn about an example showing that the dog-eat-dog system of capitalism we live in can be overthrown . For the definitive account of how this great revolution was later derailed , see Trotsky 's Revolution Betrayed .
 What a fantastic book ! This is the Russian Revolution that you were never taught in school , full of fascinating detail . It shows you how workers can run society , and is a welcome antidote to all the right wing and Stalinist rubbish that has been written about the Russian Revolution in the last 80 years . Leon Trotsky was one of the great thinkers of the 20th century and his genius shines through in this magnificent book . Do n't be put off by images of dry , dusty , incomprehensible academia - ` History of the Russian Revolution ' is a vibrant living book which is just as valid and relevant today as when it was first published .
 This book provides a very unique perspective into the Russian Revolution . Written by Leon Trotsky himself , it is an excellent way to get first hand information on the events of the revolution . Furthermore , it is very interesting to read how a leader of the revolution viewed the event after several years . Trotsky is an excellent writer , and his book is very detailed . My one warning is that if you do n't know much about the Russian Revolution to begin with you may get somewhat confused because of the great amount of detail in this book.Trotsky 's History of the Russian Revolution is written in the third person - just as a historian would write it - not in a first person narrative . After reading the book for a while , I sometimes even forget that it was written by Trotsky . Then , when some bizarre interpretation appears , I think - `` What is this ? Who wrote this book ? '' only to realize that , obviously , the book is written by Trotsky and would naturally be biased!Even if you do n't read the entire book , just reading some of the passages can give you a very facinating perspective into the revolution . After all , Trotsky was one of the most important leaders during the revolution . It is not often that a revolutionary leader has time to record the events he lived through . Luckily for us , Trotsky did write an account of the Russian Revolution , an event that has clearly had immense influence on world history ! So , I would totally recommend this book - read it , and see what Trotsky himself has to say !
 Trotsky 's History of the Russian Revolution is a long , very complex , and extremely detailed treatment of the remarkably eventful period from February to October of 1917 . Russia at the time was at war with Germany as part of an entente or three-country coalition that also included Great Britain and France . The Russian army was doing badly , its troops were ill-equipped and poorly supplied with essentials , and desertion and simple refusal to fight were commonplace . Some on the Russian political left , conspicuously the Bolsehviks led by Lenin and Trotsky , called for a separate peace , thereby hoping to put an end to the slaughter of Russians and enabling Russia 's largely peasant army to return to its small plots of land.Russia , however , was still an hereditary monarchy , headed by Tsar Nicholas II . The Tsar was oblivious to his army 's mounting losses and indifferent to the privations suffered by most Russian citizens . He was insular , oddly detached , inexplicably cheerful , and easily led by the Tsarina , who was under the pernicious influence of Rasputin , a semi-literate monk who ostensibly possessed preternatural foresight and wisdom.In February , with conditions throughout the country insufferably deteriorating and the army becoming more disorganized , ineffective , and badly bloodied , the Tsar was forced to abdicate . His most likely heirs had no interest in succeeding him , preferring lives of untroubled leisure . Mainstream political parties , including the Mensheviks and mis-named Social Revolutionaries , were indifferent to taking power , recognizing that Russia might prove to be simply ungovernable . On the left , the Bolsheviks were regarded by many as ideologically and programatically ill-suited to fostering the best interests of a state that was shedding the ill-fitting cloak of monarchy in favor a liberal-bourgeois regime.However , the liberal-bourgeois coalition that came to power in July proved as ill-suited to governing as its immediate predecessor . Yes , a revolution had occurred . Russia struggled into the 20th Century having divested itself of the most obvious and outmoded institutions peculiar to a monarchy . But the coalition-based liberal-bourgeois state that succeeded the rule of Nicholas II was equally ineffectual and even more unstable.All the while , the Bolsheviks , champions of the proletariat , the small peasants , and the front-line , trench-bound soldiers were anticipating and planning for an insurrection that would open the way for creation of a genuinely socialist state . As the popularity of the once-discounted Bolsheviks grew and conditions within Russia and at the front became increasingly intolerable , occurrence of an insurrection followed by a full-blown revolution became more likely . In late October the insurrection erupted , and the Bolsheviks were ready.This historical sketch does not begin to do justice to the astonishing mastery of detail and profound interpretative power that Trotsky brings to bear in his history of the Russian Revolution . The reader can only imagine that Trotsky had to be a man who never slept and never stopped thinking , observing , and reading , a revolutionary intellectual in the most powerful sense.At the same time , and recognizing that this book was originally published in three volumes , it 's not difficult to find ways in which judicious editing could have made Trotsky 's History shorter while losing nothing of importance . The book is interesting throughout , but there is so much material that it 's hard not to lose the connections between various parts , from start to finish , of Trotsky 's magnificent story . Trotsky , no doubt , would have had effective arguments for leaving the book just as it is.In view of the book 's subject and length , I was surprised to find so few references to Marx as providing material useful in guiding the work of the Bolsheviks . Trotsky , unquestionably , benefited from reading Marx , but Marx seems clearly to have been but one source among many that Trotsky used in thinking about the development and destruction of social systems.Given the time and the place , even more surprising is the near-total physical absence of Lenin . Trotsky repeatedly , perhaps even gushingly , pays homage to Lenin as the wellspring of revolutionary wisdom . Perhaps so . In Trotsky 's history , however , Lenin is almost always out of the country , in deep hiding , or incapacitated by illness . For one who held that being close to the people and sharing their struggles was essential to understanding the class-based nature of a society and its development , this seems a debilitating handicap . Perhaps Trotsky underestimates his own contribution and overvalues that of Lenin.Trotsky acknowledges that the work of any historian is open to charges of incidental subjectivity , tendentious selectivity , and self-interested interpretation . He holds , however , that his adherence to the materialist method provides safeguards against such sources of error . In making this claim , he uses the term `` method '' not as referring to a set of procedures and techniques , but a perspective , much as , say , Gadamer uses hermeneutics in Truth and Method . In my view , claims such as this are impossible to evaluate , and it would be remarkable , indeed , if Trotsky 's History were not influenced by his own peculiar perspective . In that regard he is like the rest of us
 Whatever Trotsky 's faults or your own political persuasion , his own history of the Russian Revolution is an excellently written , engaging and energetic work . Openly biased and without apology , Trotsky recounts the events before , during and after the Bolsheviks rise . Essential to understanding the motivations and mindset of one of history 's greatest revolutionaries .
 It 's said that `` The first ones to cry for revolution are also the first ones to be lined up against the wall & shot after the Revolution overthrows the prior regime . '' This book is a representation of this truism . Many of the participants were eaten up in the maw of the revolutionary machine that they themselves created . The author himself , by the way , was killed on orders from Stalin -LRB- with an alpine ice axe , to boot -RRB- while in exile in Mexico . A good read & a cautionary tale for anyone considering starting a revolution . `` Beware the Committee for Public safety & the Guillotine ! The Revolution will swallow its own!If you can get through this book , you might also want to check out `` 1905 '' , also by Leon Trotsky .
 Because the author '' lived '' the revolution , this is a very interesting book . Incredibly detailed from an emotional and time reference . I really enjoyed . Difficult read-not for those who like light fiction or broad quick history . . Must be a history buff to read . You might need a reference to read i.e. Wikepedia-I did .
 The complete `` Unleash Your Power Within '' 6 cassette set is not easy to come by . Unlike some of Robbin 's programs that require a stricter format , the ` Unleash ' program allows you to excel at your own pace -LRB- bit by bit or all at once -RRB- . Each tape covers a facet of different topics ranging from ` Creating a Revolution in Your Life ' , ` Critical Q 's to ask yourself ' , ` The three steps to creating lasting change ' -LRB- ... I could go on and on -RRB- and they are all arranged to bring you to the next step . I liked this program because I could listen to it in the car and , when I got home/at work , I could pop open the guidebook and go thru step-by-step exercises . They are short exercises , but very empowering.I began reading/listening to Robbins for years now . I have listened to everything Robbins has published many times over and it 's funny how I 'll pop in a tape or cd and hear something completely new for the very first time -LRB- and then it ` clicks ' -RRB- . If your new to Anthony Robbins , this program is a great place to start . For the pro 's , it 's a must-have refresher with a number of different concepts .
 This is Richard Misrach 's first book . It brings back the horror of the streets of Berekley which I know all too well . If you want a taste of what life was like once the hippie 's were dead , you will want to view this book . The book is compiled of images of the street people of Telegraph Aveneue , in the early 70 's . On a side note ... I was one of those people in the book . We used street names back then ; mine was Dakini . Richard , the artist , is a very passionate man and chose not to continue with taking photos of people if he could not do anything to change what he saw.I have recently begun to write my memoirs to describe the experiences of living in the streets . Not all were bad , in fact some of them were incredible - like the day I got to meet my idol Janis Joplin . If you search for Dakini Verona you can find my blog . I hope to get my book completed by 11/11/11 .
 the world was not ready for the work of bernie krigstein when he hit his stride in comics in the early 50 's . a fine artist at heart , he became obsessed with the art form of comics and the possibilities that it held . few were attempting to take comics so seriously and in those days , they were just above pornography as far as respectability goes . he produced some brilliant works , but the book reveals just how much of a struggle it was to get these masterworks in print . the artwork speaks for itself , but i was really drawn into the text which details the inner workings of the comics machine of the 1940 's -50 's and how ridiculously it was run . although he begged and pleaded with management , he was never able to bring a story out further than 9 pages , and had to threaten leaving in order to even ink his own work rather than have it butchered by someone else . considering the roadblocks that constantly stood in front of him , it was amazing that he was able to experiment as much as he did.among his more famous experiments was panel subdivision , breaking away from the standard 6-9 panels per page and , in one instance , producing some 75 panels in 6 pages . this brought an entirely new dimension to comics , introducing the break down of time and space within the page . he also brought a style of cinematography that was never thought of in comics before that must have influenced filmmakers years down the road.greg sadowski has assembled a truly staggering biography . he had direct access to the artists collection and publishes for the first time many works that have never seen the light of day . rare artist photostats of pencil artwork that went on to be mutiliated by someone else 's inks . original panels that were ordered by management to be covered up with different artwork . exhaustive research with coworkers , friends and family , as well as unbelievably wise words from the artist himself given in various interviews many years ago that gives a definitive look into the workings of this man 's artistic mind.it must -LSB- stink -RSB- being the pioneer , you never get to see the fruits of your labor . but all who charged through the door that b krigstein kicked down acknowledge him as the man who started it all.THIS BOOK IS ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL FOR ANY COMIC ART FAN , AS WELL AS ANY ARTIST OF ANY TYPE . IT IS VERY INSPIRING AND IS A GREAT READ .
 This book will show you all the reasons for my title . Mr.Krigstein was truly a master at pacing and design on the comic page.His art speaks far better than I can write so I 'll just tell you if you buy this book you will not be disapointed.The comic Master Race alone is worth the price of this book .
 Bernard Krigstein is most famous as one of the pantheon of extraordinary artists working for EC comics in the Fifties . However , this volume shows that EC was just one facet of this comics genius . This is a thorough biography , plus a wonderful analysis of Krigstein 's life 's work . This book , along with the companion volume `` B.Krigstein
 Greg Sadowski 's biography of Bernard Krigstein , who possessed one of the most innovative minds -- and pens -- in comic book history , is a labor of love that is revealed as such on every page . From the high quality of the paper to the superb graphic design , from the sharp reproductions to the text that details his life , career , and reputation , B. KRIGSTEIN is a book that would grace any library . But it covers not only his comic book work . For here are also his many book illustrations , his World War II field sketches and paintings , his canvases and gallery works -LRB- among them portraits of his wife and family -RRB- , urban vignettes and rural landscapes , even greeting cards , gum cards , and advertising art . He was truly a modern-day Renaissance man , fully deserving of this highly focused , incredibly beautiful tribute . There have been many innovators in comic art over the decades -LRB- George Herriman and Art Spiegelman , to name just two -RRB- , but none of them had Krigstein 's range of powers and depth of creativity . His was a name that the centuries will remember .
 I found Elizabeth Bartholet 's view of parenting to be thoughtful , intelligent and compassionate . As the birth mother of one , this book made me want to consider adoption as a compassionate way to expand my family -- even without fertility problems as the motivation .
 Family Bonds is a bit more personal than Bartholet 's other title , Nobody 's Children . Bartholet is a mother to one child born prior to her divorce , and two boys adopted from Peru as a single , divorcee . Batholet states that `` The myth is that the legal structure surrounding adoption is designed to serve the best interests of the child . Actually experiencing the system as an adoptive parent shattered this myth for me . '' As a woman who endured the international adoption process I too had this myth shattered . The current adoption system , both domestic and international , is a travesty . The needs of children are the lowest priority and their `` best interests '' is something to which only lip service is paid . Anyone who has traveled to a foreign country can attest to the heartbreaking conditions of orphanages and the bizarre affinity for orphanages over international adoption . You need only be exposed briefly to babies languishing in wooden cribs or strapped to potties as early as possible to be appalled by the fact that so-called `` advocates '' for children oppose adoption and actually support anti-adoption sentiments . Most of the children in these orphanages are not legally `` available '' for adoption , yet they are purportedly `` better off '' being NOBODY 'S CHILD than being an American 's child . It is a disquieting notion , but nonetheless a reality.Elizabeth Bartholet is a voice of reason in the adoption world ; a world that is sadly perverted by anti-adoption forces clinging to a mythological ideology that blood equates to the best parenting scenario for all children . This is a dangerous ideology as many are willing to sacrifice children 's lives in order to defend it . Children rot away in the foster care system and most are reunited with their parents at all costs - to the point that many are killed by their biological parents who are unfit to parent them . It is reminiscent of Shirley Jackson 's short story The Lottery . We cling to barbaric ways simply because it is `` the way we 've always done it '' .
 As the product description does not list the contents of the book , I will : Chapters1 -RRB- Writing and the study of English composition2 -RRB- Good writing as composition3 -RRB- Narration and description4 -RRB- Exposition and argumentation5 -RRB- Paragraphs6 -RRB- Sentences and words
 This book is a gem . It tells the history of what Schmidt calls the `` liberal '' religious tradition in America . It shows us the golden kernel at the heart of what today is often diluted . Kickboxing yoga enthusiasts no more invalidate Emerson and Whitman , than the Inquisition invalidates Jesus of Nazareth . The book is largely about some wonderful people little known today but influential in their time . These fine folks carried the torch from Emerson and Whitman to the mid-20th century . Schmidt tells their stories beautifully , and reading about them is a joy . I ca n't think of a better use of our time than reading about great souls like Thomas Kelly , Max Ehrmann , and Sarah Farmer .
 I 've been using this book in a class I teach on contemporary spirituality , and students have responded well to it . Schmidt focuses on the New England axis , as it were , of American liberal religion , and leaves it to others to explore the later developments . I wanted to read , for example , about Esalen and the sixties , Ramtha , Seth , and Oprah , but I think Schmidt was wise to limit his focus . Perhaps we 'll see a volume two ? I would certainly enjoy that . What 's excellent about the book is that it demonstrates that American metaphysical or liberal spirituality is not ONLY Robert Bellah 's `` Sheilah-ism , '' i.e. , self-indulgent , narcissistic , etc. . It is a genuine spiritual quest and , as such , provides a real alternative for contemporary culture that seems divided between right wing religious lunacy and -LRB- truly -RRB- self-indulgent materialism . Bravo to Leigh Schmidt , and please keep writing !
 This is a book that tells a story i always thought must be there , but no one ever talked about . This is the other side of the Religious Culture Wars that we 've heard so much about in the last years -- but this is the history of the side that has not claimed its length and depth . Find out where liberal religions have come from . Read this book .
 This book shows how long and deep the lineages of today 's `` spiritual but not religious '' protagonists are
 This is what this book has done for me . I have attended Unitarian churches but never understood how `` liberal '' ... a political term , it seemed to me ... related to religion . Now I get it . If I were still teaching graduate psychology courses to health and rehabilitation practitioners , I 'd include this book as required reading for a course designed to help them deal with the DEEP problems of people with illnesses and disabilities without getting into religious proselyting .
 in a quick reading of ` restless souls ' i find persons of courage and determination who look beyond echoes to provide voices that help move us beyond traditionally divisive conceptions of faith and value toward building inclusive community characterized by respect , justice , and mercy . i look forward to spending more time here . gr
 Bohut acche ! Tej K. Bhatia 's book is an outstanding , gentle , yet comprehensive introduction to the Hindi language for a beginner . It 's difficult to cite the numerous reasons why this book is so valuable for the apprehensive beginning language-learner , but I 'll make an attempt to summarize the high points : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Bhatia is careful not to overwhelm the beginning learner with the complexities of the Devanagari script too early . He has the perfect instructor 's touch here , rendering most of the early dialogues in Roman characters while gradually easing the learner into Devanagari as he/she gains more confidence in the basics of speaking and comprehending . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Bhatia 's book has just enough grammar to give any Hindi learner a handy mental framework for organizing the rules of sentence construction , without being too intimidating . Happily , Hindi grammar resembles that of Mandarin Chinese in some respects , though not quite as simple as Mandarin -- it 's fairly consistent , broad-brushed enough to allow sophisticated emotional and logical expression yet accessible enough that even beginning students can basically vocalize their thoughts after just a couple weeks of study . Bhatia does a fine job of really organizing this grammar in the right sequence , explaining the niceties of Hindi syntax while taking some of the language 's trickier aspects -LRB- e.g. postpositions , as in Japanese , participles , causatives , the oblique -RRB- and making them seem eminently manageable . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Pronunciation , often neglected in self-teaching language books , gets more than a cursory treatment here , an asset not to be downplayed ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- The tape/CDs have a wealth of spoken material and can be conveniently played at home , on the road or on the plane or train or bus . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Bhatia 's book , as the series title suggests , really focuses on Hindi as a colloquial idiom . While this may at first seem trivial , it 's a very important asset to his book ! In India , there are in effect two forms of Hindi -- the formalized literary version used in ceremonial and official circumstances , and the popular `` Bollywood '' Hindi that 's used on the street and in the markets throughout India and , indeed , much of the world -LRB- including in quite a few South Asian shops in New York City , where this `` common Hindi '' is a sort of lingua franca -RRB- . It 's this colloquial Hindi -LRB- very closely resembling Urdu -RRB- , essentially , that 's so rapidly become a world language and taken much of the world by storm as Bollywood movies and music , among other Indian exports , become so popular.In practice , this `` colloquial Hindi '' is n't even entirely Hindi , but a hybrid spoken tongue with a Hindi foundation plus plenty of contributions from Malayalam , Marathi , Gujarati , Tamil , Telugu , Bengali , and other Indian as well as European languages tossed in to spice the mix , popular throughout the Subcontinent in its varieties . While Bhatia does n't delve too much into the varied vocabulary of this `` dialectical Hindi -LRB- ish -RRB- '' language , his dialogues and idiomatic expressions do a fine job of conveying true conversational Hindi to the learner and thus providing a nice basis for communicating in the popular Hindi that 's actually used between native speakers.In its dialectical varieties , Hindi-Urdu has close to a billion speakers worldwide , may soon become a UN official language and -- along with Spanish and Mandarin Chinese -- may well be one of the `` essential languages '' of the 21st century as India continues its ascent . Moreover , since Hindi is a fellow Indo-European language , it has enough similarities to intrigue and delight a native European-language speaker and smooth the learning process . In fact , if you 've already learned an important European language like French , German or Spanish -- or Farsi Persian or Dari , which Hindi-Urdu in many ways resembles -- you 'll have a headstart in mastering the quirks and structures of Hindi , especially as Bhatia presents it.Besides which , Hindi is a beautiful and poetic language that sings as much as it speaks , equally at home conveying complicated scientific concepts as in expressing the deepest emotions of the heart . Bhatia is an experienced and talented teacher of this wonderful language , and after just a couple months of studying you 'll find yourself able to communicate at a decent level , maybe even humming some Hindi music during your lunch break .
 This is a fantastic resource . I have just received my copy and already I am in love with it . It is very well-written , and strikes a nice balance between the structure of the langauge and usability . I especially like that the author is no fan of prescriptivists , and so presents `` Hindi as she is spoke '' . I would not say that it is `` better '' than Snell 's TYH , but it takes a slightly different approach , and is , in my opinion a great complement to the other work.My only gripes are the way that all the devanagari is stuck at the back -LRB- grr ! -RRB- and that I had to buy the book and CD separately . Even with those minuses , it is absolutely worth it , and I would rate it a must have .
 An excellent book for beginners , like the title implies , it is mainly a course in Colloqial Hindi , and almost omits the Devanagari syllbary entirely . There is only one chapter on it , but that chapter is very helpful all the same . The tape that comes with the book is a necessary element ; it is integrated with the exercises in the book quite nicely , so make sure you get the cassette as well . The romanisation scheme is weird , but it 's not too difficult . As an introduction to spoken Hindi , this ca n't be beat . For a better knowledge of the Devanagari syllabary , I would recommend Snell 's `` Teach Yourself Hindi '' .
 I felt Colloquial Hindi was like teacher inside a book teaching me . I learned so much about the Indian culture , food , and Hindi . For example , I never new the swastika was the Indian sign of hope and prosperity . Not only did this book teach me Hindi quite thoroughly , but the culture as . It was like going to India and learning Hindi there !
 I found it clear , gradual and -LRB- most over all -RRB- aware of the non-linguistic rules related to conversation . I disagree with the `` London reader ''
 If you are looking for a simple way to learn Hindi , this book is a great help . The author provides a great way to understand the structure and the material is extremely useful . Strongly recommended for those looking for a book to learn to use the language for surprising `` native '' speakers .
 It was an excellent book ! Very helpful
 `` I wrote you a long letter because I did n't have time for a short one , '' runs the old saw . Writing concisely is hard
 ` Meet the Bible ' is not met as a study bible but as a way to use the bible to meet everyday situations . It is useful as a way to apply what you read to your life .
 I have read all Philip Yancey books & he gives an intellegent & amazing insight of the true religious life demonstrated in the Bible . This provides a person the detailed readings therein , its relationship to everyday life experiences ... . all is in proper perspective . It 's also an excellent tool for Bible Study . I have it in printed book form & also on my E-Reader . Do n't leave home without it .
 Linking Biblical text to inspirational text , followed by a daily contemplation thought , is both meaningful and doable for a devotional moment and morning praise .
 I would recommend this book over any other devotional that I have seen or heard of . Once you really get into it , it 's a book that you do n't want to put down . It really draws you in , captivates your interest , then touches your heart and soul.It 's especially wonderful for those beginning their walk with Christ , or even those who have been a Christian for a while but have not yet read much of the bible.There is not a single bad thing to say about this book . It was very well written .
 We have used this book for years as a part of a gift package that we give our graduating high school seniors . I feel as though it 's structure , simplicity , and depth are perfect ... even if it does n't get opened until they are 30 , it will be waiting for them and forever relevant in their lives . - Kirk Foote , Young Life Green Bay
 This devotional is a terriffic , fresh approach to reading through the Bible in an overview or summary format . Each day 's reading -LRB- using a modern translation -RRB- is accompanied by brief and informative text from Brenda Quinn or Philip Yancey , and then 1 or 2 questions to ponder . Both Quinn and Yancey have a reader-friendly , intelligent manner of writing that invites one to think rather than telling one what to think.Makes a nice gift book , too .
 I have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . It begins in Genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read Bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . He ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . I always look for to the next reading .
 This is a fantastic book ! I am a teacher and graduate student , but I could never manage to read the Bible . The significance of the passages always escaped me , the Bible seemed overwhelming and confusing , and I could n't fathom how people could read so much into a single line . This book is exactly what I have been needing . The authors pick out a huge variety of Bible readings , and then explain their significance and context in a way that 's both profound and completely understandable . I am finally able to see `` the big picture . '' It 's also removing a source of guilt from my life - one of those things that you do n't realize is such a thorn in your side until it 's gone . I 've wanted to read the Bible for so long , but previously it just never `` clicked . ''
 One of the hardest things for Christians to do is to feel like they can tackle the entire Bible in a refreshing and disciplined manner . Yancey and Quinn have finally provided a way for that to happen . Although the readers of `` Meet the Bible '' will not cover every verse of Scripture , the authors to a fantastic job of making sure that the reader covers the main themes of each book of the Bible . What 's even more benificial is that after each of the 365 readings , Yancey and Quinn see to it that the reader understands the historical and practical issues of significance of the passages have just read . If you have desired a devotional that will help you undersatand scripture in its entirety as well as answering the all-important `` what does it have to do with me ? '' this is by far the best tool I have ever seen to give your relationship with God the boost it so often needs . As a Pastor , I highly suggest you buy it . It 'll be the best -LSB- money -RSB- you ever spent !
 If you tried to read the bible -LRB- like me -RRB- and could n't -LRB- like me -RRB- because it does n't make sense and you do n't know what you 're reading half the time then read this book . it tells the entire story of the bible in a language that you and I can understand . It basically summarizes everything in the bible so you only get what 's important . So if you want to read the bible but do n't want to READ the bible then this is the book for you . It contains 365 segments each of which is 1-3 pgs . but i just read it staight through in a couple months .
 If you can find the earlier Philip Yancey book , A Guided Tour of the Bible , get it . It includes six months of daily readings . This newer book simply takes that slim-but-elegant volume and interweaves six more months of readings from Brenda Quinn . It reaches serviceable result , but the briefer introduction sufficed .
 This book is absolutely wonderful . It really helps you reflect on your relationship with God , on your character -LRB- flaws included -RRB- , and your walk as a Christian . I have gotten so much out of this book in only the first month of using it as a devotional . I strongly recommend having an accountability partner whom you would exchange your responses with -- make sure it is someone you really trust . The whole exercise helps you become honest with yourself about who you really are . I love it !
 I bought this book as a NY resolution and LOVE it . My husband and I read from it before we go to bed and on long road trips stemming deep conversations . We feel exhilarated , educated , and much more . Regardless of personal beliefs , this book explains the Bible in our generation 's terms , meaning a churchless many -LRB- including myself -RRB- . This book makes it fun and easy to learn about the Bible .
 This wonderful book of inspiration , reflection , and key scripture from each book of the Bible ; Genesis to Revelation , has been comforting to me . From beginning to end this marvelous book is enlightening and exciting reading . The gifted authors have produced a much needed companion to the Bible.Each book of the Bible becomes crystal clear . I also recommend Walking The Bible -LRB- yes literally walking thru the Bible lands -RRB- by Bruce Feiler.Meet The Bible is a devotional book , yet it is immediately so instructive you will , as I did during a recent illness , just keep reading thru to the finish . I am buying several to share with family and friends . What a masterpiece , in my opinion.I read the paperback edition , wished it were a leatherbound edition , and appreciated every one of the 686 pages , however , the last few books of the New Testament were shorter , especially Revelation , almost as if the writers were hurrying along . I wanted to read and learn more ! There is nothing dull about the Bible now ; after you read this book , or read it along with a book of the Bible , you will obtain a completely different perspective as you contemplate the `` whole picture '' ! I loved every moment reading this book and gaining knowledge of human nature as pictured in the book of books , the Holy Bible .
 This book is about all the main stories from the bible with a commentary after each by yancey and quinn , it is a very easy introduction to the bible and easy to read for anyone , especially those who find the bible tough going . I brought this book for my husband on the recommendation of 40yr male , and he was right , my husband loves it has brought one for his friend and is still reading it months after I brought it . A great book to read completely through , to get a good knowledge of the bible
 This is an excellent book . It makes the Bible easily understood . The strong connection between the old and new testments is very clear . The explanations by the authors give a deeper understanding of book.I strongly recommend this book .
 Mountain Warfare
 This is a must have for the serious student of rosemaling , especially in the Telemark style . Edwards and Aarseth have done a great job in putting out a quality product.This book has wonderful pictures from which to study . Aarseth is one of the rosemalers out there and why not study from one of the best?I really like to `` folksy '' feel to the book ; after reading it , one will feel as though Aarseth is a friend . He shares keen and sometimes poetic insights to the art of rosemaling , the nature of Norway and how the two come together.One will learn about suggested supplies , color , painting traditional wet-on-wet , what makes a good design , help with picking out the right brushes to use and how to make the brushes give the desired strokework , wood pieces , and design . Aarseth also gives sound advice for the future of this beautiful art form .
 This is the long-awaited Rosemaling book featuring Sigmund Aarseth , one of Norway 's most knowlegeable Rosemalers . He and Diane Edwards -LRB- also a very accomplished Rosemaler -RRB- have crafted a unique combination of historical reference , how-to instruction and beautiful examples of canvases and unique Rosemaled items.Sigmund , in his endearing style , presents his technique and thoughts that help guide the serious Rosemaler . He discusses what are traditional vs. non-traditional techniques and gives some of his own tips which he has learned over the many decades of Rosemaling himself . Included are numerous pictures showing Sigmund 's painting style . There are also step-by-step pictures of several of his more complex scroll strokes and designs.A special treat are the many canvases that Sigmund painted especially for this book . In each one , he analyzes his approach and what he was thinking when he produced each scroll . The palette colors for each canvas are given and Sigmund explains his sequence in developing the overall design.From large rooms -- ceilings and walls -- full of Rosemaled designs , to small unique trunks and smaller Rosemaled pieces , this book covers this unique and historical art form from the perspective of one of the world 's greatest Rosemalers.With over 60 pages of color pictures , this book is a must have for the serious Rosemaler .
 Lately I 've noticed that in the last one hundred years or so , English fiction has certain repeating themes . The Paradise War by Stephen Lawhead begins a series built around one of these `` British-isms ''
 Although I am a voracious reader , I rarely read fantasy ... I suppose because I am tired of being dragged into `` created worlds '' that rarely seem to be believeable or worthy of the time involved in figuring them out . This series of books -LRB- and I will tell you right now , like previous reviewers , GET THEM ALL , you will want to start Book II the MINUTE you finish the first ! -RRB- is completely engrossing . I knew nothing of Celtic history or legends , but this author wove the threads of `` real '' legends and lore into his `` otherworld '' so completely and so perfectly you never question the reality of it all !! And to be perfectly honest , right up to the LAST sentence of the LAST book , he had me hooked . I am ashamed to say I put off more than one chore/responsiblity to get in ONE MORE CHAPTER before falling asleep at night !! -LRB- haha -RRB- It is rare that literature of this caliber comes along anymore and I for one can not wait to read everything else Stephen Lawhead has written or will write in the future !! He has a true gift ! Do yourself a favor and curl up with a set of books and a story that is completely sensory and real !!! ENJOY !!!!
 You know , I 've just read the new Harry Potter . And a couple of other books that I 'm not proud of . And I really had nothing to say about any of them , one way or the other . But I wanted to write something about this book . Gosh , ITS SO GOOD ! Thats that!I was so impressed and pleased to have stumbled upon this book.I just happened to pick it up ; I read one of Lawhead 's others before and remembered that other reviewers had said that other book was n't one of his best . So I decided to try it and apparently found his best . Geez.The ideas that it has , they 're so savory . Could it be that the fairy world is just a go around the cairn away?His logic , argument , writing style , magic , whatever it was , had me convinced that there truly is another world out there . And it is beautiful . Imagine that world -- that world with out our modern conveniences -- the most profound perhaps , imagine that world with out our modern sound . We are always bombarded with it.That first part of the book is there to convince us that there is another mysterious realm . Its a fast pace to get there , too.Simon , the main characters friend , is an intriguing enigmatic fellow . We think we know him so well until the last of the story.The next part of the book is gaining acceptance and appreciation of that other realm.And the last part is fighting to keep it whole and sound . It seems an uphill battle -- ca n't wait to find out in Book 2 . You can not die and not have read this ! I could n't believe this book had n't won any awards -- if I had one to give , I would . Perhaps this review will suffice.On to Book 2 ! The Silver Hand ! Oh , and if you go to Stephen Lawheads official website , you can get a pronounciation guide to all our favorite characters ! Yay !
 As an avid fantasy reader , I was reluctant to try this trilogy because Lawhead is not one of the best known fantasy writers . My husband bought me the book because Lawhead is a Christian and he thought I should try it.I was very pleasantly surprised ! The writing is excellent . The story is interesting , meaningful , and epic in scope while still progressing rapidly enough to finish in three books.It contains all of the elements I look for in a fantasy
 I seem to be reading Lawhead rather in reverse , since I 'd never heard of him before reading his latest novel , Hood . Then I started in on this Song of Albion trilogy , -LRB- having found the whole trilogy in the earlier Zondervan Press edition -RRB- and realized it does n't matter where you start with him , his stories are timeless . This is a `` ca n't miss it '' for the Celtophile , as it details an adventure to the Celtic Otherworld , which is also called Faerie . He has done impeccable research into the Celtic myths and the totality of his vision in weaving all this into a fascinating novel is nothing short of astonishing . Even if you do n't have any background in the Celtic past and myths this would be a gripping tale . The pacing just never flagged . In summation , it was totally wonder-full .
 5 Word Review : Exciting , thrilling , captivating , inexorable , awesomeThe premise for The Paradise War seems to be a familiar one
 So begins the The Paradise War , the first book in the Song of Albion trilogy by Stephen Lawhead . Cynical Oxford grad student Lewis Gillies is convinced by his roommate Simon to drive to Scotland to investigate the truth behind a tabloid photo of an long extinct type of oxen . Upon arriving , they make several discoveries , including an ancient mound known as a cairn . But before Lewis can stop him , Simon goes into the cairn and disappears . Believing that he has fallen victim to one of Simon 's pranks , Lewis returns home . Very quickly however , strange events begin to overwhelm him and Lewis learns that he must find Simon and bring him home before the whole world is threatened . This launches him on an amazing adventure that continues in The Silver Hand and The Endless Knot.This hidden gem was introduced to me by a friend 's wife and has turned out to be among the best fantasy literature I 've ever read . Lawhead is an adoring anglophile as evidenced by his other major works , the Pendragon Cycle -LRB- his own retelling of the King Arthur legend -RRB- and The King Raven Trilogy -LRB- a retelling of the Robin Hood legend -RRB- . Steeped in Celtic mythology , Albion is no different . In fact , Lawhead 's expertise is such that it is nearly impossbile to tell where facts and history end , and fantasy begins.The trilogy is written in first person which has its strengths and weaknesses . Seeing and experiencing everything through the eyes of Lewis really makes you feel a part of the story . However , as time goes on you want to respond to the story in your own way rather than being told . A narrator change in the second book is a nice touch and allows you to experience the world from a new perspective.The setting is richly told . The plot is well-crafted and full of layers . The prose and dialogue are excellent . But Lawhead 's greatest strength is his characters . From heroes to villians and everyone in between , Lawhead peoples his world with distinct , interesting and sincere characters , giving each an opportunity to show they matter.Even more impressive , is Lawhead 's powerful , yet nuanced inclusion of Biblical themes . There is too much to give it justice in this short review , but through the plot , parables , prophecies , character arcs , and imagery , Lawhead explores the corruption and redemption of creation , good vs. evil , providence , and liberation from sin . All of this is done with the right amount of thoughtfulness and subtly.My only real criticism is with the ending where things seemed a bit rushed and incomplete . All said however , The Song of Albion is an outstanding fantasy series that has found itself among my favorites , and placed Lawhead firmly in the tradition of Tolkien and Lewis .
 Getting lost in Albion is a rare treat . This is the first -LRB- and only -RRB- book I have read as an adult that made me feel as if I had managed to step into a realm far more beautiful then anything that could be known in this.This is a book that engages on many levels with a story that can be read as simple mind candy or with a careful disection of symbols , either way the story only disappoints in that it must end.In fact , I was so engrossed in the story I did not realize the pages were running out ! The shock of such an abrupt ending literally made me scream at Mr. Lawhead for leaving me hanging until I could get the next two books -LRB- which I read within two days of recieving them -RRB- .
 I have rarely read another book or series of books that so fully and effectively transport you to another world like Stephen R. Lawhead 's The Song Of Albion series does.As the first volume of this series , this begins the story of Lewis Gillies , an American scholar in modern day England who travels with his buddy Simon Rawnson to Scotland to check out a tabloid story . Turns out that the tabloid story is n't so trumped up after all . After Simon disappears due to unexplainable phenomena , Lewis is drawn into ancient Scotland to find him and bring him home.The adventure that ensues is an adventure and drama of an epic scale that sees Lewis become a warrior and a hero . A story of betrayal , greed , adventure and a touch of romance , filled with great characters and peppered liberally with Celtic legends and lore , this is a story that is hard to put down . Go ahead , take the journey . When it is over , you , like Lewis , may wish you never had to leave the world of ancient Albion . I know I was hooked and you just might hooked on it too . Peace .
 I got this book out of the library at the recommendation of a friend . I can honestly say that my life has never been the same.This is the first book of the Song of Albion trilogy . It opens with two college students sharing a flat , and one dissapears inside a cairn . -LRB- Long story -RRB- From that point on , the adventure grows wings . The main character , Llew , goes from being a college student , feeling like he has no point in his life , to a man discovering the world anew . He learns to deal with evil -- real evil , not the petty inconveniences that plagued him at the university.When Llew -LRB- then Lewis -RRB- is swept into the otherworld , Lawhead describes its perfection beautifully . I know that I smelt the air , saw the perfection of every little blade of grass , experienced the unconditional love of a swordbrother , and fully realized the horror of having that world defiled.The few-chapter dissertation of the concept of beauty opened my eyes , along with Lewis ' , to a new world . When I first read this part , I found it dry and rather incomprehensible . Then , as the tale elapsed , I understood . For all you readers slightly bored with Nettles ' explanation , just be patient . Like Lewis , you 're eyes will be opened in time.Besides the philosphy , this story had wonderful action . Llew and Tegid 's journey to the heart of the earth , the fight with the cynthrawl , and the murder of Meldryn are gripping . Also , there is a lot of humor throughout . -LRB- `` I told him that Simon had run off with the maid from Boots . Served him right , the toad . '' -RRB- I will reiterate my warning
 There is not a dull moment in any of the Song of Albion books . They can be reread and continuously enjoyed !
 This series in particular was rather a new type of fantasy . In my opinion , the Paradise War was one of the finest books I have read , though it certainly did not have the same feeling it gave me reading the Dragon King trilogy . This book was more of a what if kind of thing . The detailed fighting parts were great to read as was in the Dragon King series . Like I said , a very well done series and a must read series .
 The entire Albion Trilogy is awesome and `` The Paradise War '' sets the stage for the adventure of a lifetime . I first became aware of the series through the music of Jeff Johnson -LRB- Ark Records -RRB- and Brian Dunning -LRB- NightNoise -RRB- . The Trilogy of instrumental Celtic Music based on the Lawhead books was so tastefully done , it enticed me to find the books . I was not disappointed . All I can say is , everyone that I 've ever suggested these books to that read them - loved them ! You have got to read these , and might I suggest you hunt down the CD 's too ! They are great soundtracks to set the mood for great reading ! `` Hear , O Son of Albion
 This series is magical without the hocus-pocus . The mystical link between worlds is enchanting . As one who owns all of Stephen Lawhead 's fictional works , I can easily say that this series is the best . Each book leaves you wanting more . Whenever there is a chance for Lewis to go back to the real world you find yourself saying `` No ! What if you ca n't get back ? '' The series is simply beautiful .
 As a story this is very enjoyable and exciting - I quickly found myself immersed in the mystery , adventure , scheming and magic that the author skillfully portrays . My one complaint , however , is with the mistakes and inaccuracies scattered throughout the series . For example , when Lewis first meets Simon in the Otherworld , Simon says that he was named ` sylfenu ' by the ` Celts ' because they just ` found ' him . This is a very sloppy error , as in Welsh ` sylfaenu ' means ` to found ' -LRB- as in to establish , or set up -RRB- and not ` to find ' . A better choice would have been ` darganfyddiad ' which means a discovery , or something found . I realise that to the vast majority of -LRB- non-Celtic -RRB- readers this does n't mean much , but to someone who knows his native language and culture it is a bit cringe-inducing ! Also , the author mixes the different Celtic languages freely , as if they were used interchangeably by all the Celtic peoples , whether Welsh , Irish , Scotish , Manx , Cornish or Breton . Linguistic and cultural quibbles aside however , it is a very enjoyable read .
 The characters in the story looking for an interesting distraction turning it into and amazing misadventure Monsanto a different world and place .
 All I can really say about ANYTHING I 've ever read by Stephen Lawhead is marvelous . This series in particular is incredible . Written from a Christian point of view , built on a strong background of Celtic legend , this is a must read for ANYONE who likes fantasy , Celtic culture , or is just looking for a good exciting read !
 I read this book in 5 days , during which time , it never left the enchanted grip of my hands . To review this piece of work would be to pile superlative upon superlative , so just take my word for it , if your not already a dedicated S. Lawhead fan , you will be after one reading of this . -LRB- even though you may end up reading twice or three times ! -RRB- WELL DONE LAWHEAD !! ANOTHER TRIUMPH !!
 Throught the use of wonderful characters and splendid events , Lawhead brings a world of Celtic mystery to the modern day reader in such a vivid manner that one is emersed to the point of forgetting `` real '' life , and discovering a reality that far surpasses mere words .
 My favorite books of all time . This trilogy -LRB- Song of Albion -RRB- is AWESOME . A definite must read for any celtic , medieval , or fantasy reader . i strongly suggest these books . -LRB- be sure to get through the first couple chapters which are rather boring . its worth it !
 Lawhead weaves words with a true gift . It is wordsmithing with a gothicallycursive font . You can see , hear and smell his scenes and wallow in the richnessof his characters . A dive into the Celtic twilight zone , complete with rings ofstones and barrows . Imminently entertaining , ennobling and a darn good read.No hobbits but a Tolkien fan should n't miss this series .
 Lawhead brings to light the conflicting worlds of the present and the mythological past . By creating the beautiful world of Albion , Lawhead shows the world on `` our '' side to be a grey , lifeless one . Although this seems like a dim view of our real world , Lawhead makes it apparent what is missing and gives the reader the inclination to add as much of Albion , to our world , as possible.Lawhead creates two rich characters that move from our world into the world of Albion ; one of whom brings with him all things that make our world corrupt . The effect on Albion is immediately apparent and crosses over into the following books , Silver Hand and Endless Knot
 I was very pleased at how quickly I received my purchase . It was for a gift and I tend to be a procrastinator at getting things .
 The book starts off decent , but it starts to pick up and hooks you into the story . I would also like to recommend Child theif by Brom . It will have you hooked from the first chapter .
 This really one of the best books I have ever read . I really enjoy the mystical and unknown . The way Lawhead puts it together is amazing . He makes me feel that I am there and part of the action . I really enjoy how he adds another story in part of the story itself too . I have read the sequals and they are all awesome . This was the book that started it for me though .
 A Fantastic start to the Trilogy . Written in such a way that the reader is magically transported in their own cairn to the Realm of Albion.A beautiful land awaits the reader where ancient celtic beliefs are thrust into the modern day world . Honor and loyalty meet deceit and treachery in a clash that will leave you singing the Song of Albion for yourself.Read on , my fiends . The Land of Albion awaits you . And you and I , like Lewis , will not want the adventure to end .
 I , v read this series three times and it still fasinates me !!!! ... sabrin
 I absolutely loved this book . I thought the first few chapters were a bit slow , but once the story picked up I was completely enthralled . I love fantasy and medival sort of books and this one , I must say , was one of the best novels I have ever read . I thought it was extremely well written and around every bend was a complete shock . This book ended in the most suspenseful way you can imagine . I stayed up until midnight on the day before two of my harderst finals to finish this book . That is how good it is . If you have n't read it , BUY THE BOOK NOW !!!!!!! You wo n't be able to put it down .
 Wonderfully written Celtic fantasy
 First , I must say that Lawhead is my favorite author . I have bought every book he has written , but this series is by far , in my opinion , his best . I am a voracious reader , but rarely impressed . I found this series to be completely engrossing , I could n't stop reading . A nice balance of plot twists , well-drawn characters , narrators , all put together in a semi-allegory worthy of CS Lewis . Skip these books to your own detriment .
 Lawhead haws been a favorite author of mine ever since i read his `` in the hall of the dragon king '' series . he tells a story so masterfully woven that , well it draws you into , makes you a part of it . and with the paradise war he does it again . ONLY this time it was much , much , better ! I RECOMEND , THIS TITLE IS A MUST READ !!!!!
 From Stephen R. Lawhead 's `` Song of Albion '' series , `` The Paradise War '' is one book that any lover of fiction will want to read . When Simon Rawnson accidentally steps into a portal , linking this world to the Otherworld in ancient Celtic Mythology , it is chaos for his roommate Lewis Gillies . Lewis at first does n't think much of it , but as time goes on and Simon does n't show up , Lewis starts seeing things that make him think the old Celtic Mythology is true . When , four months later , -LRB- and four years later in the Otherworld -RRB- , Lewis finds himself trapped in a Celtic circle maze , Professor Nettleton , AKA Nettles , comes to help out . Nettles helps Lewis figure out what is going on with his friend and how it is slowly destroying our world . When Lewis starts to understand , he goes to find his friend in Albion , the Otherworld . When Lewis arrives , he finds himself all alone and trapped in between two warbands . Fortunately , Simon finds him and slays the opposing army 's champion . To save Lewis 's life , Simon lets Lewis get the honor of slaying the Champion , not getting the credit that Simon deserves . But as things progress , Lewis 's role in Albion begins to change . The king sends him off to a warriors camp on Ynnys Sci . There , he is trained for seven years . When he goes back to the king , chaos has erupted . The chief bard of the king is dead , and someone is plotting to kill the king . What will happen next ? Will Lewis get back to his world with Simon and stop the chaos that is destroying both worlds , or will Lewis die in a battle against the evil Lord Nudd , the king of the Otherworld 's version of Hell . Read on and find out . If you liked the Pendragon or The Dragon King Trilogy Series , I will guarantee that you will love this book . There are two more books in this series , so the end of this one will leave you begging for more .
 This trilogy contains the greatest story i have ever read and will ever read . The idea of a man in the present finding a portal to the past and turning out to be the chosen one , The Son of Albion , is incredible . It is a tale based on myth , yet I have never read a story that could be more real . I read these books about a month ago and not a day goes by that I do n't think about them . I dream everyday of escaping to this world of Albion and being a part of it . I can honestly say -LRB- in my opinion , of course -RRB- that these books come together to form the greatest story ever , a definite competitor with Homer 's `` Odyssey '' .
 Stephen Lawhead is a writer that makes you expeirience the book like no one else could . E.G. . If he explains a meal , your stomach starts growling from hunger . The battle sceans are incredibly well written , I assure you , this seiries is not for the weak of stomach .
 A great book that I read in about a day . The plot never ceases to surpise and keep you hooked in the book . Well written !!! Props to Mr.Lawhead for making a great trilogy
 This series is one of my new favorites . I absolutely love how intelligent and intriguing this story is . It pulls you in with compelling storylines , complexity of characters , and illustrates wholesome values often undervalued in modern society . I was given the set as a gift and have already read them all 3 times through to make sure I did n't miss a detail . I will admit the final book in the series was not my favorite of the three , but I think that 's more to force the reader to feel the hero 's utter devastation at the turn of events and you end up regretting how things inevitably conclude . I think the author did a decent job of helping you understand how he takes the first step toward getting on with the rest of his life , as regrettable as it is to him and to us . Ultimately once you 've read the 1st two books you ca n't resist reading the last , so whether you approve of the author 's choice of ending or not there 's no reason not to finish the series and follow the story full circle.I 'm now a fan and I 'm back to see how many more Stephen Lawhead novels I can scoop up . If the rest of his work is even half as good as these stories of Silver Hand 's adventures in Albion , they 'll be well worth their price !
 An American student in Oxford finds a way into the land of Albion , an ancient mythical version of Great Britain , where he is confronted with a rising battle between Good and and an ancient Evil.While the crux of the story is made up of pretty good light-fantasy gravitating around the Celtic folklore with occasional light Christian archetype overtones , surprisingly I actually preferred the earlier part of the book before Lewis -LRB- and his mate Simon -RRB- cross into the `` other side '' . I just felt that the anticipation and humour that Lawhead shows in the current day part of the yarn gets lost and diluted once in Albion.While this is a shame , it 's still a worthy book to take with you on a summer holiday .
 The Paradise War by Stephen R. LawheadThe Paradise War is the first book in Lawhead 's Song of Albion trilogy . Lawhead is best known for writing stories infused with Celtic mythology and history . The Song of Albion Trilogy and his King Arthur series are two of his most well known series , though his retelling of Robin Hood has garnered many fans as well.There may be minor spoilers throughout.In the books I 've read , Lawhead tends to write two types of stories . One type is the retelling of a famous myth , such as King Arthur or King Raven . These stories usually chronicle their early days and work in many of the popular elements of the myth while using his knowledge of history to add realism . His second type of story is that of an apathetic person suddenly thrust into a strange new world . The Paradise War is one of the later types.Lewis Gilles is an unassuming Oxford scholar with an adventure seeking roommate/best friend , Simon . When Simon begins investigating the supposed appearance of mythological beasts , Lewis rolls his eyes at Simon 's eagerness to believe everything . While investing these appearances , Simon enters a Cairn and does n't come back out . This obviously unsettles Lewis . He teams up with a man named Nettles , who is an older scholar with a deep knowledge of Celtic history . Lewis ends up entering the same Cairn and it transports him to an ancient Celtic land called Albion.The first person Lewis meets is a battle crazed warrior who tries to kill him . The second person Lewis encounters is Simon , who slays the warrior but has Lewis pretend to have done it . Lewis quickly discovers that Simon has been in Albion for 5 years , even though in our world much less than a year has passed.Lewis is accepted into the kingdom and is sent to a training school where he will learn to be a warrior . A bard named Tegid is sent to bring Lewis back after the training is complete . They take a brief detour as Tegid attends a gathering of the bards , a gathering that proves fateful . An ancient evil creature attempts to escape bondage and is held at bay by the chief bard . Though the creature is repelled , it kills the chief bard . Before dying , the chief bard breathes into Lewis his ` awen ' or spirit . Held within the spirit is the key to locating the Song of Albion.Tegid and Lewis continue back to their king , to give him the fateful news . Upon their return they find the castle destroyed , though the king and his war band are gone . They discover that a demon named Lord Nudd managed to escape the pits of hell while the chief bard held off the greater evil and this demon is ravaging the land.Tegid and Lewis are able to rejoin the king and they hold up in another fortress where they are repeatedly attacked by Lord Nuffen and his horde of demons that can not be killed by mortal weapons . Lewis 's only hope is in retrieving the hidden Song of Albion . For his part in saving Albion , Lewis is renamed Llew -LRB- renaming is a common tradition in the book -RRB- . One of the things that immediately strikes me about this story is much of the realism that is present . When Lewis is trained , he does n't become a sword master overnight . Rather he goes to a training school and is there for years . He also does n't master the language immediately . At the end of the book he still needs to ask for clarification for words . While the way it is done is used more to cue the reader into certain Celtic phrases/words , it helps create a realistic setting for Lewis to be learning in.Another great thing is that the story is largely self contained . Though there are scenes that hint at a larger story -LRB- as well as a huge cliffhanger I wo n't reveal here -RRB- , the primary narrative here is n't ` part one ' of a larger one . Rather the narrative has a beginning/middle/end contained in this book as well as containing the ` beginning ' of the larger narrative . One thing that often bugs me in trilogies is when the end of the first -LRB- or second -RRB- book offers no true conclusion but rather a cliffhanger with no satisfaction . At least the cliffhanger here comes withI also tend to be picky about my first person narratives , but Lawhead handles it well , creating a great environment of an Oxford student thrust into an ancient/mythological Celtic world.My biggest complaint is that the beginning dragged on too long . After Simon disappeared , it seemed to take forever for Lewis to eventually follow . I get that Lewis is supposed to be an apathetic type of person at first , but this was too apathetic . Your roommate just DISAPPEARED into a pile of rocks . I would n't go home and tell his girlfriend that he made an impromptu vacation thus missing a dinner date . Even if I thought it was a joke , I would call the police when he was n't back after 24 hours , not seek the help of an old professor much , much later ! 7/10
 I read many reviews of this book before I finally decided to pick it up . I was somewhat familiar with Lawhead having read Byzantium . I generally like historical fiction that 's not a soap opera and that 's historically accurate and somewhat feasible.I was a little bit turned off at first that this was considered fantasy . However once I started reading the book I could n't put it down . Yes there are similarities to other works of literature -LRB- like C.S. Lewis -RRB- but it 's original and stands on its own . For those that may be worried about reading a historical novel that 's considered fantasy let me allay your fears without giving away any spoilers . Yes the fantasy part is one aspect of the book . But it is only a vehicle with which to deliver the historical side of the story which by the way makes up the majority of the book.For those that did n't like the book , well , some people are just malcontents when it comes to reading . Ca n't you just enjoy a good book that 's well written and well researched ? Reading is about going on a ride and stimulating the mind for enjoyment.I can certainly say this book fulfilled any expectations I had from previous reviews and then some.It now rests along side of Pillars of the Earth as one of my favorite books of all time and one in which I will recommend to everyone I know .
 I love Trilogies and when I saw all three of the Song of Albion series on sale together I decided to give them a try . I had never read SRL before , but the concept of this series really caught my attention . Needless to say I was hooked . I have since read just about everything SRL has written , since March!As was mentioned in a previous review , the book takes a little while to get started -LRB- most Lawhead 's books do -RRB- , but it was all necessary backround and character development . I guess he could have just created a `` time machine '' , but that would n't have been anywhere nearly as interesting a storyline Lawhead has created here . Part Fantasy , part historical fiction/speculation , I found this whole series both entertaining and educational and really created a good foundation for his other Celtic based storylines -LRB- i.e. Pendragon series , Hood , Celtic Crusades etc. -RRB- I do n't know if it 's just because this is first series of Lawhead 's I read or what , but this is still my favorite SRL series , one which no doubt I will re-read more than once .
 I read this book only because another book in the series sounded interesting and this is the first of the trilogy . It has a very slow start , but when it picks up I could n't put the book down . It is a great story and I would recommend it to anyone . -LRB- I also recommend buying all three so you do n't have to keep running out to the store for the next one ! -RRB-
 Lawhead 's five-volume `` Pendragon Cycle '' series was magnificent , and the hope of another series as good seemed an unlikely dream . But in his three-volume `` Song of Albion '' series , Lawhead has more than matched the brilliance of his former effort . The series kicks off in `` The Paradise War '' , introducing Lewis and Simon , two university students in Oxford , England . They are opposites in every way
 The first two books in this series may be the best of Lawhead 's writing . I know 8 people that have read this book and we all enjoyed it greatly . The books were so enthrolling that Jeff Johnson wrote a series of celtic music CDs based on them . They are also worth purchasing . The books and CDs are delightful .
 In a trilogy that lies along the spectrum of two other British-born trilogies -- Tolkien 's `` Lord of the Rings '' and C.S.Lewis ' `` Space Trilogy '' -- this is a fantasy that will be hard to put down . I took a few weeks to read the first volume , a week to read the next , and a few days for the third . The inner logic pulls you forward while the events continually surprise . There is here the beauty of Ireland -LRB- though in a more primal form -RRB- , the heroism of the Celtic warriors , the subtlety of kingship derived from the people , the tenderness of friendship and romance . Though one need not be familiar with Celtic lore to appreciate these books , those who have done some study in it will it come to life .
 I believe that this was the first of Lawhead 's books that i read . And , now that i have traversed his literature more thoroughly , I see the characteristics of Lawhead shining through to make a brilliant story in the heart of another world . The story -LRB- characteristically for Lawhead -RRB- begins slightly slowly . In the middle of Oxford England weird things are happening , and honestly I did n't really get it or get into it until Oxford was far behind . As soon as the England part was over I was thrust into gripping suspense . I could not put this book down . The series quickly became my favorite trilogy ever -- and subsequently my favorite books ever -- with the beautiful description of a lost celtic world , enthralling story of a boy 's journey into manhood and heroism , and driving plot . This is a must read for anyone who loves adventure , suspense , mythology , learning , or just a gripping page-turner . Two thumbs way way up !
 Before I get into the review , let me assure you I am well-read in the fantasy genre , and that this is an honest review.Also , please like or dislike , and feel free to say what you think in the comments section . Also , read my other reviews ! 1 . Similar to Narnia?Many reviewers have suggested that TPW -LRB- The Paradise War -RRB- is similar to The Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis . Well , is it ? - Only in premise.The writing style is similar
 I happened to find this book under the `` Free '' kindle books and boy what a bargain ! They must have put the first of this 3-part series up for free to entice readers to purchase the other two , because that 's exactly what it did for me . I did n't know what to expect of this book -LRB- seeing as I got it for free -RRB- but once I started reading I could n't put it down . The beginning is a bit slow as the characters are being developed , and the curiosities of the celtic myths had me a bit confused , but once the story took hold my eyes were glued until the very end , and I was left itching to purchase the other two.If you 're looking for adventure , suspense , fantasy and even a little humor , The Paradise War is a perfect match . Great read .
 Trekking through Lawhead 's narrative is like a journey through the Celtic landscape he describes ... sometimes tedious and cold , sometimes awe-inspiring and moving . I was hooked by the initial premise and , as the story moved into the Otherworld , I found myself increasingly pulled into the story . I breathed in the Albion air and walked with painted warriors . Unfortunately , elements of the final conflict did not live up to the potential inherent in the earlier destruction scenes ; the Coranyid , gruesome in description , never exuded the oppressive fear that you 'll face in Tolkien 's masterpieces . Even Nudd , lord of the Nether Realms , presented a manageable foe . This aside , I enjoyed Llew 's journey into the Heart of the Heart to discover the cure for all that ailed Albion . The final pages , even the final sentence , left me yearning for another trek through Lawhead 's imaginative world . As the story closed , we caught a glimpse of the true hero that Lewis , the Oxford graduate student , could be . And a glimpse of a more personal foe in the sequel . Give me my hiking boots -- I 'm ready to go .
 The Song of Albion trilogy are some of the best books I have ever read !! They deserve 10 stars ! I read fiction critically , paying attention not only to the quality of plot , but also quality of writing and , most importantly , development of characters . Stephen Lawhead 's books in general , and this trilogy in particular , satisfy me in every detail . The plots are original and very well researched , and the writing is excellent , with inspiring but not over-used metaphors and subtle alliteration . The characterization is excellent ! I could not believe when reading some of these reviews that the reviewer had read the same books that I did . I can truly say that I have never read books in which the characters are better developed than in these . These books deserve to be compared with Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings , which are my all-time favorite books!Read these books if you like , as I do
 The Song of Albion series is by far and away my favorite works of Stephen Lawhead . From my first reading some ten years ago , to my tenth -LRB- or more -RRB- reading this past winter , this series of 3 books as always lifted my spirits , deepened my faith , and given me hours of reading enjoyment . I just finished reading the Skin Map -LRB- also by Stephen Lawhead -RRB- which many would say has certain commonalities with the Song of Albion , but to me the biggest difference is speed , where the Skin Map flies along at break-neck speed , in the Paradise War and subsequent books Lawhead takes his time to let his readers experience the magnificient wonders of the otherworld called Albion , with detailed descriptions of the land , the people , their customs . Lawhead takes his relunctant would be hero Lewis from a impoverished American studying Celtic Mythology at Oxford to the mighty Llew , High King of Albion . I ca n't say enough about this book , and I 'm sure you 'll enjoy reading it over and over as I have .
 The Song of Albion trilogy , starting with The Paradise War , continuing in The Silver Hand , and concluding with The Endless Knot has long been one of my favorite book series . Although I already have the paperbacks , these books are some of the few for which I will pay again to get the electronic version , since I enjoy reading them over periodically.Based primarily in an alternate reality , on and around the island of Albion , and steeped in the mythology of the ancient Celts and the folklore of the British Isles , this is an epic tale of courage , destiny and ultimate triumph in the face of tremendous adversity . The plots are deep , intricate , and resound with a sense of authenticity which draws you completely into this fantastic world . I especially found the concept of kingship as depicted in these novels to be fascinating and thought provoking - the ideas that the king exists ultimately to serve his subjects and that the king is appointed and anointed to the position rather than inheriting it by bloodline.One is taken on a roller coaster ride with our protagonist as we journey with Llew from Oxford in England to a parallel universe with an alternate Briton filled with warriors and heroes and villains , vying for the high-throne of Albion . Just writing about it makes me want to start reading them again tonight . Enjoy the ride with Llew from a nondescript Oxford student to a warrior to almost a king to a maimed outcast , to a. . . well , you 'll just have to read all three to see where it goes.A thoroughly engrossing tale , rich in the detail of another world , with an unusual conclusion that I do n't think I really fully got until the 2nd or 3rd time through . These books are on my most highly recommended list of fiction , alongside the Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings , Asimov 's robot crime novels , and Terry Goodkind 's Sword of Truth .
 Honestly , I downloaded this book because it was free and because it had such good reviews , but I had few expectations . I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how entrenched I became in the story . I got the book yesterday and finished it in less than 24 hours and now I ca n't wait to get to the library tomorrow to check out the other two . -LRB- Yes I realize how cheep I sound but being an avid reader gets expensive -RRB- . It 's the kind of book that catches you off guard because all of a sudden you realize you 've been thinking about it all day.The story opens with two friends , Lewis and Simon , getting swept up in an adventure , or more accurately , Simon using whatever obnoxious antics he can come up with to drag the unwilling Lewis across England and Scotland on a wild goose chase -LRB- Aurochs chase actually -RRB- . The two friends are complete opposites ; Simon is impetuous , pompous , wealthy , and cynical whereas Lewis is levelheaded , modest , and content to be insignificant . But ... for reasons unknown , apparently opposites attract . Unsurprisingly , Lewis , our main character and unlikely hero , finds himself forced to throw caution -LRB- and reason -RRB- to the wind and brave the unknown `` Otherworld '' to find and save his friend . Lewis 's journey leads him through a complex and exciting story that brings Celtic mythology to life.In the beginning I did n't find the book particularly readable and was often irritated by Simon 's unconvincing bombastic rants and Lewis 's apparent spinelessness . I found their friendship unrealistic and puzzling . I 'm a character junkie and I really find it hard to get into a book when I do n't like or respect the main characters , but there was some indescribable element that kept my interest intact long enough for me to suddenly realize I was speed reading on the edge of my seat even though I had told myself I 'd go to bed two hours ago . Without me noticing , the story had gotten it 's hooks in me . Lewis , our protagonist does n't disappoint in the end and develops nicely into a hero that will be remembered as one of epic fantasy 's strongest characters.Overall , I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading the others .
 Shipped promptly ... just as said . Was sent as a gift to the inmates of Vigo County Jail because it was requested and they are seriously lacking in their literature selections since they have done away with the library program .
 Maybe the first book about which I can honestly say , I could n't put it down ! The way the story unfolds and resonates with the gospel of salvation through Jesus Christ is remarkable !
 I stumbled upon this book at work one day , and after finishing it I bought the entire series for myself to add to my library .
 I got this book for free as a limited-time offer for Kindle , so I might be a little biased . That being said , I still think it 's worth either buying or renting from the library . What 's unique about it is that it is largely told from the first-person perspective of Lewis , an American college student studying at Oxford University in the UK . Lewis , following after his friend Simon , enters into the world of Albion which is styled after Celtic history and mythology . Many people are opposed to the book because of its Christian themes but I would say give it try anyway . It 's a refreshing and unique take on historical fantasy .
 I particularly enjoyed the first 1/4 or 1/3 of this book , where the author set the stage for later events . The main characters for that section of the book -LRB- Simon and Lewis -RRB- were very well drawn ; their life -LRB- style -RRB- was totally believeable and current ; and the bits and pieces of Celtic mythology that were woven in were just familiar enough to be understandable and yet alien enough to keep you wondering.After Lewis entered the Other World , the tone changed , and became much more serious and showed more of an emphasis on his personal metamorphosis from scholar to warrior , and his internalizing of the Celtic ethos of honor and loyalty . There were some very intense scenes in the latter half of the book , but no gratituous violence or cruelty . The author continued to show a deft hand with his presentation and integration of Celtic mythology . I 'm only minimally familiar with the Celtic legendarium , so I was left trying to mentally track down names and allusions that I was sure I had heard before and felt were an important sub-plot to the story.The one thing that I felt was somewhat jarring about this book was that Lewis , who was working on a post-graduate degree in Celtic history , with the intention of becoming a teacher , seemed so out of his depth when confronted with the objects of his studies ` in real life ' . Of course , being suddenly transported to the Otherworld would do that to anyone , but even after he had settled down and accepted what had happened , he seemed no more familiar with what-was-what than Simon did , and Simon had no background in the subject . This by no means spoiled the story - it just sort of swam in the back of my mind during certain episodes and gave a slightly out-of-place feeling to the character at that point.Highly recommended ! I will be looking into the 2nd and 3rd books of this series.Note on Kindle formatting
 This was a really good read . That 's the bottom line . I love Celtic mythology and this book was full of it . The author does a wonderful job of contrasting the Celtic lands and peoples with modern sensibilities . It starts off with a sort of cheesy premise . A couple of grad students go through a portal into a magical world . But as soon as they do that is the end of the cheese . The adventures they both have in the magical land were entertaining and very well written .
 I picked up the Kindle version of this book when Amazon made it free for a limited time , and I 'm so glad they did -LRB- it worked out for Amazon too , because I purchased the other two books as soon as I finished this one -RRB- . I had kind of fallen out of reading for pleasure and just bought the Kindle . This was my second book I read on it and I loved it so much that I 've been reading like crazy ever since . Lawhead totally pulls you into the world he creates . The characters , environment , battles , and problems are all well developed and you end up totally engrossed . I 'm glad it was a trilogy and not over after only this one book.A great read for any fantasy fan .
 I randomly picked up this book while down with the flu and ended up reading the whole trilogy over three days . It truly kept me entertained and interested.I am not Irish and know little about Celtic lore , so some areas did n't excite me as much as other reviewers mentioning interest for the particular history . And while the story line and tale was enough to keep me reading straight through , it is n't the most amazing writing I 've come a across4 stars = definitely worth a read !
 I loved this book . It showed clear research in its Celtic lore background . The main character , Lewis , made me feel as if i were him through the entire story . I was in his head , thinking his thoughts . All in all , this book is a definite must for all readers .
 The free Kindle started me on this series , it was very enjoyable . The world creating of Lawhead is just fantastic , almost all of his books are page turners without exception . Five Stars , a must read .
 Wonderfully written Celtic fantasy
 I am re-reading this series , after having bought it years ago . Lawhead is one of my favorite authors , and books like these confirm why . His attention to detail is amazing . Usually I skip over background to get straight to the action in books , but I found myself relishing every word in much of this series . My only complaint is that in the first hardcover printing , I believe the artwork on the covers to be out of order . I am glad to see it was redone when it was reprinted .
 Nice intro to interesting characters . I wanted to know more about them and how the future affects them .
 THis book series is the favorite of my entire family , all who are avid readers . Lawhead is amazing and this book certainly is a 5 star must read .
 This is an excellant book . It was always ready with something new when I needed it . If ou read any book sereis this should be at tleast the first one you read .
 I got this book for my b-day and loved it so much that I told my friends who told her cousin about this book . This is a book that I can never grow tired of . Must read
 I just finished the last book and have lots of thoughts about it . This review covers the trilogy in general :1 . I loved the beginning of Book 1 , which had a humorous tone and was set in modern day Oxford . It reminded me of Brideshead Revisited in some ways , and was so laugh-out-loud funny that I wish the author would set a fantasy novel solely in modern day Oxford .2 . Because I loved the setup so much , I was taken aback by some of the character development later on . -LRB- I wo n't give away any plot but you probably know which character I 'm talking about if you read it . -RRB- I just did n't believe some of the changes based on the beginning , even after reading the entire trilogy and the author 's explanation . I do think some of his characters were too `` black '' or `` white '' and had too many motivations based on plot convenience , but that 's okay . I also think he does better character development in his new Robin Hood trilogy - more complex .3 . The author does a great job of world building , with lots of description and a real sense of being there and experiencing the Celtic world . Sometimes , I could do with a little less description and more plot/dialogue , but that 's just me .4 . I think his female characters can be a little boring - amazingly beautiful , wise , graceful , and good , they 're sometimes interchangeable . I wish he 'd mix things up a little and make them more flawed/human .5 . As a Christian reader , I got a lot out of all three books spiritually and really liked some of his analogies to the Christian life .6 . I was satisfied with the plot in general . Some things I guessed at the end . Others , I had no clue . It was a fairly wild ride and I had a lot of fun reading it.When it was all over , I spent a lot of time thinking about it and had trouble getting it out of my head . For me , overall , it was a 5-star read . Very enjoyable and definitely recommended .
 This book is amazing . Not only does it have a fascinating plot , it also goes into some detail of the Celtic life style , and digs deep into the mythology of the Celtic religion and persona . It starts off a little dull , but toward the middle , the book picks up its pace , and delivers to you an experience that you would n't want to miss . I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes Celtic things or a fast pace fantasy/adventure novel.Lawhead is an amazing author . His imagery and word choice is spot on , and his plot is very interesting . That 's what makes this book such a great one , one that can hold a candle up to even the likes of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings .
 Okay , this book starts off my absolute , all-time favorite trilogies by Stephen R. Lawhead - who is one of my favorite authors because of how stinking awesome the trilogy is . The trilogy is called the Song of Albion . And it is a must read for any and all fantasy readers , especially if you love Celtic fantasy , of which Lawhead is a supreme master.Anyways , Paradise War starts off a little slow , at least in comparison to all that happens over the span of the trilogy . But I would suggest some patience and for you to just enjoy how Lawhead sets up and transitions into the primary story , because he really is setting the stage and establishing characters which you will see grow , mature , and change throughout the entire trilogy.I would also warn anyone who 's got a squeamish stomach about Lawhead 's books in general - he does n't flinch at violence or describing the results thereof . It 's not that he 's overly gory or anything , but if a character has a wound inflicted on them and they have to deal with it , he describes it in , well , almost explicit detail.I love Lawhead , also , because he 's stylistic in his writing and very character driven . You see the main character go through a very drastic transition.Overall , though I love Paradise War , it really only gets the story rolling and introduces you to a cast of characters which you will come to love . The Song of Albion is an amazing trilogy , and I highly recommend it to all fantasy lovers . I would suggest to parents that this book -LRB- and trilogy -RRB- are more for senior high students due to mature content .
 Simon & his friend Lewis take off on an expedition to find an aurochs because Simon read about it in a tabloid . Simon goes into a cairn and disappears . Lewis waits for him to come back and then goes in search of information . He finds Professor Nettles , an odd duck , but thoroughly loveable . Nettles gives him the background that he needs , and then they go back to the cairn . This time Lewis goes in.He finds himself in Albion , and must find his way through life . Simon is there at the outset , but there is always something untrustworthy about Simon . The ramifications of having two present-day `` strangers '' in Albion are set up to be disasterous.This is a wonderful book . You can tell that Mr. Lawhead researched the topic extensively and brings his active imagination to life with this book . The descriptions are wonderful , and the characters about leap from the page . There is a little bit of everything in this book to suit different readers -- intrigue , romance , fantasy , history -- truly a wellrounded book.I ca n't wait to read book 2 .
 I must admit that I have found the books I 've read by Mr. Lawhead to have some interesting premises and an occasional noteworthy character , though on the whole his work has seemed overwritten , loosely structured , and sometimes requiring real labor to get through . This is not to say that I do n't like long books . I do , but I think they should be long for a good reason , and I have n't been able to ascertain if this length and structure problem I felt in Lawhead 's work was because his editors required him to keep his books long for economic purposes . At any rate , in contrast to his other books , I find that `` The Paradise War '' remains on track with a nice balance of mystery and revelation most of the time . Though one of the character 's motives seems unbelievable in at least one place , I found on first reading that the story unfolded convincingly and with some surprises . And while the language in the author 's other books can tend toward static representations of character 's thoughts , the tension is foregrounded in `` The Paradise War . '' Finally , the author 's research into Celtic backgrounds is worked convincingly into the story .
 What a great trilogy ! The Song of Albion ranks up there with `` Eldest '' , `` Eragon '' , and `` the Lord of the Rings '' . I started the trilogy and finished all three books in less than a week . For anyone who enjoys great fantasy writing , this trilogy is for you . Mr. Lawhead has done his homework on Celtic traditions , imagery , beliefs ... everything was `` spot on '' . Spend the money and buy the books , curl up in front of the fire , and enjoy Mr. Lawhead 's unique brand of Celtic Fantasy writing .
 The Paradise War is a tough book to tackle , admittedly . Any book that comprises 464 pages is , but this one in particular was slow , despite being very interesting and intriguing . Though I have n't slogged through many of Lawhead 's books , it seems that each of his series is quite unique from the rest . The first two novels in the Bright Empires series exhibited very good description -LRB- showing and not telling -RRB- but the characters were nowhere near as rich -LRB- and the writing style as a whole so captivating -RRB- as in this first volume of the Song of Albion.While many fantasy books go the way this seems to be going -LRB- telling the story of the fall and redemption -RRB- , this is a fresh relief in the genre . Everything is steeped in Celtic myth and lore , becoming vivid reality in the reader 's mind . While still telling the story , it is not predictable , and the reader does n't worry that Lawhead will take them somewhere they 've been before . No , this is new territory , and he lets us blaze the trail with him.The characters are wonderfully immature at first , showing us how much we are like them , and that we need to change . Then , Lawhead shows us the process of their maturing , either in good or in evil , as some characters choose . Some interesting persons show up near the beginning of the story , then disappear , when they could be great sub-characters during the war itself . However , they may appear in the next volumes , and that would be good to see.In conclusion , while the writing is superb , the Celtic research is apparent , and the characters are quite helpful , the story slows down often , and that tires the reader out . It took me over two months from start to finish . * This book was provided free by the publisher . I was not required to write a positive review , and the opinions expressed are my own . *
 The best complimentI could pay this book is that I want to read the sequel . The book inexplicably overstates ours welcome in some areas only to rush through others . I almost wish this first volume had been split into two more comprehensive books . Overall , an entertaining and rewarding read .
 I bought the first two in this series at a sale after Go ! toys and games took over the local Borders . it was two for $ 10 , i read the back , and thought , why not ? after reading a page i was instantly hooked.i read it in the same amount of time i read Harry Potter , but it is infinitely better . this is the second time i am reading Paradise war in 3 months and i am getting through it just as fast as i did the first time , if not quicker.I love the way the Bards speak in riddles , and more than once i have had to stop and try to unweave what someone just said . and the way Lawhead creates Albion out of Celtic Lore makes it seem infinitely more realistic . Nettles claiming the ancient celts took ideas and stories from Albion make it seem more plausable somehow , though , the fact that the celtic gods arent mentioned and everyone refers to Dagda , definitely shows the christian side of the writer.Everything about Albion makes me want to go to Scotland and try to get there myself.i also love the feel of the hardcover of this book . and the art on the cover just draws you in . the book itself just feels safe . i just nest in my bed curl up with it . i think i could read this series a dozen times and never tire with it . i recommend it to everyone i meet . right now , it is my all time favorite .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this series . They pulled me in deeply and I was moved by them.One of the best novels I 've read . I gave them to my father afterward and he enjoyed them.The fantasy and magic is there , but it 's the comaraderie and loyalty , bravery and honor , dramatic suprises and compelling ideas that made me continue to think about these books with a tingle in my side for many months . I felt more alive , more down to earth and craving a simplistic but honorable lifestyle that was beautifully described in these books .
 The first few chapters leading up to the main characters ' discovery and entry into the `` Otherworld '' where the real story takes place , are painful and plodding . However , once the the character enters this new world full of Celtic folklore and adventure , everything really starts to take off an shine . I honestly do not know why the author thought it was even necessary to do this , but perhaps was grasping at creating a radical shift in both the character Lewis and the world he is leaving to make a stark contrast . Unfortunately , the writing and characters ' conversations were grating to the point that I almost stopped reading it . I hope that other readers do not give up until they have really gotten into the otherworld narrative . Once that happens it is really a great book and I look forward to reading the next installments .
 I enjoyed the story , character development , and overall themes of this book . The transformation of the main character was quite a treat . Try it .
 For those who love Celtic fiction , this is a must have . At times Lawhead suffers from mid-book doldrums , and this book is no exception ; however , this is probably my favorite Lawhead book . Too bad the final one of the series has such a horrible ending and practically annihilates all of the hard work the author put into the first two books .4.5 stars
 This is the best set of books I have ever read and that is saying a lot because I am a prolific reader . Stephen Lawhead is far and away my favorite author . The Song of Albion trilogy is absolutely amazing . I read the trilogy every year and never tire of it . It is captivating from the first chapter and holds my interest no matter how many times I read it ... and I am not a person to read a book twice .
 This book was one my parents bought for me , it took me a while to get into it , but I was determined to read it . Halfway through the book I got to where I did n't want to put it down at all , I just sat and finished the entire book in one day , a great book that I would read again .
 Good book.well written and keeps your attention all the way through.excellent discriptive writing .
 This was a good and exciting read . I was first exposed to Stephen Lawhead when I read Hood . The Paradise War was reminiscent of Hood and Scarlet of the King Raven trilogy . Lawhead 's knowledge of Celtic lore and his story telling is intriguing . I highly recommend this to all readers of fantasy and mythology .
 Lawhead at his finest . I am reading this series for the second time and it is so engrossing . You get lost in these books . If you love to read and get lost in the pages of a book , this series is for you . Lawhead treats the Celtic myths with dignity and imagination . He knows his stuff but does n't over mystify it or weigh it down with religious sentiment . I have read countless books with the Celtic myths as their background and most do just that.Great reading ... . only problem is the adventure of these books is over too fast . Guess I will have to read them again !!
 I 've been an avid fan of Stephen Lawhead 's work for some years now , and I truly believe that the Song of Albion triology is his best work to date . Our world is but a shadow compared to the world Lawhead creates when Lewis and Simon cross over into the Otherworld . It 's incredibly vivid and the plot is so engaging and well thought out that you ca n't help but be drawn into it . Celtic mythology is also something so different from any other culture in the world , and Stephen Lawhead the master of the Celtic/Fantasy genre . I ca n't speak highly enough of these books , and for me they sit equal with ` Magician ' and just below ` The Lord of The Rings ' as all time fantasy classics .
 I bought these books from a used bookstore a few years back.The first one -LRB- where this review is being posted -RRB- I found kinda tedious , hence the four.After the trip to Scotland and before you cross over into the other world , the only really interesting thing to me was the wolf in the street and the restaurant . ; -RRB- But once you cross over , watch out ! The series will just SUCK you up.There are times it is slow though . Describing oranges with too many words , if you take my meaning.Other than that , it 's a great book , but the other two in the series are the best . And fortunately for this series , if you read them out of order , it wo n't hurt you , you 'll just have less of an understanding.Lawhead explains most of everything , so they 're good stories on their own : -RRB-
 Much of the material is familiar to me as I recall reading a book about King Kong back in the 90 's that was a lot like this one . I do not recall the other book 's title but I feel certain this book deliberately draws heavily from it . This book goes back and forth between the different Kong films a little too much -LRB- it would have been better to keep the descriptions of the films in more sequential order -RRB- but it is very imformative just the same .
 Larry Silverberg clarifies his mentor 's theories and provides us with a systematic , effective approach to acting 's emotional component . Gone are the exercises dealing with the actor 's personal emotional trauma -- no more teacher as therapist . Meisner 's approach is in the `` now '' and works in the fertile field of the actor 's imagination . With practice it works every time . Larry Silverberg has crafted a treasure .
 In my opinion , Lee Strasberg 's indefatigable attachment to `` Emotional '' or `` Affective Memory '' , a technique that Stanisklavski later disregarded as unusable , has done more to harm the training of an actor than it did good . This misconception was the basis for `` The Method '' . Both Sandy Meisner and Stella Adler knew that Strasberg got it wrong . This was partly the reason for the rift in The Group Theatre . Sandy knew from his experience as an actor , that using memory to re-create emotion on stage would disconnect the actor from his environment , and done night after night , would lead the poor fellow to madness or a nervous breakdown . Dustin Hoffmann 's performance in `` Death of a Salesman '' on Broadway are living proof . While `` The Method '' might sometimes work for the camera , it does n't work for the rigor demanded of the stage . Meisner 's approach relies on and nurtures the actor 's imagination to put him or herself into the appropriate emotional state for the imaginary circumstances of the drama . Silverberg 's book is practical and essential . It is a workbook , not a textbook . It contains practical exercises , frank anecdotes and the underlying theory behind the exercises . Great work , Larry . I am certain that Sandy would be very proud of his star pupil .
 I have a MFA in acting from the University of Central Florida , and I teach acting at Christian Brothers University in Memphis Tennessee . I studied with Larry Silverberg for two summers . He is as remarkable a teacher as he is a writer . Even though one might think it is extremely difficult to explain the Meisner technique in a book , Larry has accomplished that . Like many , I believe you need to study acting in a class to learn the craft , but these series of books are a rare exception . Not only do they teach the technique using a step by step process which allows the actor to really understand what s/he is doing , but they reveal the essence of the Meisner approach which is to specify a role until it has ULTIMATE MEANING for YOU!Also , if you did n't know by now from reading the other reviews , `` Meisner gave Larry and Smith & Kraus written permission to publish these books .
 I encountered these books several years ago as I am a college professor and am constantly seeking out fresh ideas and approaches to acting . I had studied with a few people trained in the Mesiner technique , but always felt I was missing something . When I read the first book of the series I realized I had found something I had been seeking
 I was lucky enough to spend a year with two of Larry Silverberg 's students who now have a studio of their own . Over four sessions of 11 weeks each , we followed Larry 's interpretations of Sanford Meisner 's teaching in a very caring and trusting environment . I ca n't say enough good things about this experience . It really changed my life as an actor and as a person . I see that a reviewer here has said that you ca n't learn acting from a book . Well of course you ca n't , but that does n't mean that great books ca n't be an immense help . How many have poured over Stanislavky 's books and found inspiration there ? And these books are wonderful . They lay out paths to follow without anxiety or fear , in a straightforward , simple and productive manner . I mentioned the atmosphere of trust in my classes ; I 'm sure that began with Larry . Find a teacher who knows this work , get hold of the books , and enjoy !
 As both a professional actor and an acting instructor I can not recommend Larry 's `` The Sanford Meisner Approach Workbook '' series highly enough . Having studied and applied the Meisner technique as an actor for 14 years and having taught it now for 4 I find Larry 's series to be the most straightforward and accessible breakdown of Sandy 's technique . I teach acting in the BFA program at Central Washington University in Ellensburg WA and we currently offer a total of 50 weeks of Meisner training over a two year period . Larry 's `` Workbook One '' is one of the required texts in the first year and the remaining three books in the series are required in the second year . I , and my students , have found that their experience is enhanced by reading the chapters , or sessions , in the book that correspond to the work we are doing in class . I have seen their connection to their others , their art , their community and themselves strengthen and deepen as we work on this technique and the exercises together . As an actor and/or an acting teacher you can not go wrong with The Meisner Technique and you can not go wrong with Larry Silverberg 's `` The Sanford Meisner Approach '' series . I highly recommend it !
 I have personally worked with Larry Silverberg , and before that used his books both to learn and teach the Meisner Technique . I have an MFA in Acting , work professionally as an actress , and teach acting as well , and I have tried many approaches to acting , only to keep coming back to Larry 's workbooks . These books are clear , succinct , and incredibly easy to work with , and they include many examples for clarification . Larry is the most nurturing acting teacher , and I can not recommend him highly enough .
 Silverberg 's Meisner workbook series is a jewel for acting teachers and students alike ! Filled with a step-by-step approach and essential exercises that allow actors to genuinely understand what it means to `` live truthfully under imaginary circumstances '' onstage , Silverberg 's books are direct and practical , yet also astoundingly inspirational . As a university acting professor , the artistic growth that I have witnessed in my students as a result of this material is phenomenal . Do yourself a favor and read this series . I can not recommend this work highly enough !
 I have been a professional actor for 30 years . About fifteen years ago I was verylucky . I picked up Larry Siverberg 's first book on the Sanford Meisner approach . It changed my life as an actor , and as a teacher . I know of no finer book on acting , and I have read a lot of them . It is the clearest , the most step by step , and the most inspirational book on true acting that has ever been written . This also holds for the other three books in his series . Did reading his book make me a better actor over night ? Of course not . And Larry Silverberg never said that it would . Let me repeat that - he never said that it would ! So what did it do ? It opened a path that I could begin to follow - a long and very difficult path , but a wonderous and life changing journey . It showed me where my training was lacking , and what real actor training could be . It inspired me and gave me a map to use to begin exploring with fellow actors the craft of acting . And it lead me to seek out new teachers . I am a better actor because of this book.I have used Larry Silverber 's books in many university acting and directing classes . When I started using his first volume , teaching became fun and exciting again . I have seen his approach work with so many students , and it is miraculous . I can not recomend his books highly enough as either an introduction to what true acting can be , or as the beginning of a wonderful journey .
 I had studied a lot of techniques but Meisner . One day at the book store I decided to buy this book to start learning Meisner and when I finished the first one I ordered the rest right away . The technique is explained very clear . It is helpful for me as a teacher . I do n't know how can he simplify this complicated exercises into something very concrete . It is a REAL workbook !
 Ian Lloyd has succeeded in producing a book of highly enjoyable , and well taken photos , but he should have put as much time into fact checking as he did picking out pics . I 'd say buy the book , but just look at the pictures . Do n't bother reading the mistake riddled text .
 I 'm going to have to go with a five-star rating here despite the fact that it 's a four-star kind of book ; light reading that 's not going to change your life . But the thing that 's so special about this book is that I 'd uphold it -LRB- particularly the first chapter -RRB- as a how-to for sci-fi authors
 As I have mentioned previously , Timothy Zahn is my absolute favorite author . I first read his works withHeir to the Empireand have continued to enjoy his non-Star Wars books . As a mini-goal , I have decided to read all of his works . This was another of his older works that I picked up in a used bookstore.Plot : The planet Tigris is strange not necessarily for its flora , fauna , or alien life . Something about the planet has bestowed a `` gift '' upon anyone between the ages of 5 and puberty -- telekinesis . This `` gift '' , however , quickly turned into a curse during the Lost Generation , in which much technology was lost . Since then , society has changed to reign in the children who have this ability to `` teek '' anything they see or touch.Lisa Duncan is a preteen -LRB- actually 14 , but she has n't yet reached puberty -RRB- who is not looking forward to losing her gifts in Transition . So , she decides to get ahead on some schooling and learn how to read . However , this proves to be a serious error and leads her into much trouble.Meanwhile , a scientist , Dr. Matthew Jarvis , kidnaps a 5-year old orphan boy and starts some break-through experiments on him that could uproot the entire Tigrin society . Stanley Tirrell and his righthand , Tonio , a preteen , rush out to find the lost boy and to keep Dr. Jarvis ' discovery from falling into the wrong hands.Good : Wow ! I was not exactly looking forward to reading this book just because the concept did n't sound that interesting . But as I started reading , the story drew me further and further in . I felt Lisa 's pain at seeing her childhood come to a close . I understood her actions to try to `` get ahead '' of the crowd . I also cheered on Tirrell and Tonio as they slowly picked their way through the rubble of the mystery.Besides pretty interesting characters -LRB- namely Lisa Duncan and Tirrell in a smaller sense -RRB- , the story is awesome . Timothy Zahn creates this world without spending pages upon pages of boring history lessons . He retells it only as necessary and convinces me as the reader that the characters know their history and do n't feel like they have to regurgitate it for the audience to understand what is going on.There is enough action towards the end to grip the audience . You are never quite sure who will win in the end.Bad : Very minimal . The language was quite intense , which was quite unlike Zahn . Also , the villain , Omega , was rather dry , certainly nothing like his villain , Thrawn.Dialogue / Sexual Situations/Violence : A lot of da ** , he ** , and sh ** . Mention is made of a sexual relationship between two teens and the kidnapped child is illegitimate . The Lost Generation wrought havoc on society 200 years previously . Omega is not afraid to use children and their teekay power to harm others.Overall : Impressive ! Most impressive ! For a book that I thought would be dull , this kept me very entertained . Give it to Timothy Zahn to pull off another good book!Brought to you by : * C.S. Light *
 A large percentage of the book is from the Lisa 's point of view , a young girl on the brink of puberty , but this is not a young adult book . It has none of the typical angst you often see in today 's teen characters . There is no romance . A Coming of Age is more like a SciFi Crime Drama , a mystery set on another planet with twists and turns so complex I was always on the edge of my seat.One thing I found refreshing was the lack of over-explanation . Zahn left it up to his readers to interpret subtle clues about the plot and alien terminology from the context . I felt like a grown-up , reading a book that gave me a chance to flex my brain.I do n't say this often , but this book would make an exceptional film !
 This was my first encounter with Timothy Zahn . Since A Coming of Age does not have high rating on Goodreads -LRB- only 3.6 -RRB- and it was written in 1984 I started reading this book with caution.There are so many older novels that simply got run over by new styles or trends . But do not be afraid , I can assure you that this is not the case with A Coming of Age . Timothy Zahn writes with a straight-forward matter-o-fact style that never gets old . His world building is so subtle than you do n't even notice when and where he explained all that unknown customs and terms.I can become overwhelmed if authors piles up all the data at the beginning of book or if he keeps bombarding me with unknown -LRB- invented -RRB- words . Sometimes , I can even give up reading the book altogether because of that . So this is a BIG plus for me.When the Humans colonized planet Tigris , they never imagined that it would lead to genetic mutations that will trigger telekinetic powers in kids at the age of five . Or that those same powers will inexplicably disappear when children reach puberty.When someone first mentions telekinesis my first association is moving and throwing objects around . But Timothy Zahn gives us a delightful new aspect to this ability - flying . Anybody else thinking about ` Peter Pan ' ? : -RRB- Unfortunately -LRB- as we all know -RRB- children are usually the ultimate hedonists . The do not plan or think about the future - they only want to satisfy their current needs . So what will happen if that type of humans had the most power in society ? And what would be solution to that?In A Coming of Age , Timothy Zahn does not gives us a pretty picture of society . This is a great book for a book club to discuss possible alternatives and flaws in the structure Tigris ' society is organised.We are introduced to the world of planet Tigris through eyes of a couple of characters
 A Coming of Age has an interesting twist not seen in many Sci Fi novels , the fact that the children of the Planet are more powerful than the adults , in physical prowess at least , is quite interesting . His prose is quite good , if the villain is rather boring , and several plot changes make for a good ending .
 Zahn pulls his usual mix of action and plot twists , though perhaps not quite as elegantly as in his later work . I enjoyed this book thouroughly -LRB- not quite as much as the Thrawn books , but it is better than Icarus Hunt -RRB- as it gives the reader insight into the child - adult power struggle as well as being a cracking good story . It 's a book with thought put into it .
 This book was down to earth and positive , just what I needed ! I could n't put it down because I could relate to so many things Kimberly wrote about .
 I used to raise/sell Golden Retriever puppies , and this book I gave to my new owners for their own good . It 's an easy read , and easy to understand . Margery West leaves out all the fluff , and gets to the meat of what you need to do , and what NOT to do to raise the model dog .
 an excellent book for people who are new to FPGA technology and digital design . This is a great book for EVERYONE ! A must to have one BOOK
 This book is what I have grown to expect from Taunton Publishing , and the Editors at Fine Woodworking.As a collection of the best tips on router use from Fine Woodworking Magazine , I assumed with out opening the cover that all of the tips would be well thought out and useful , and I was n't wrong.I keep my copy in my travel case for my routers , and refer to it frequently . Less so now than I did a year ago when I first bought it , only because I 've learned a lot from it , and am starting to memorize it.If you own a router , this book is a must own / read .
 If you 're looking for a book to learn how to use a router , this is n't it.If you have some experiance using a router this is a great book . This book contains the best ideas that Fine Woodworking readers have come up with in the last 25 years . As future projects come along , I 'll be checking this book often .
 Router Methods of Work provides hundreds of innovative methods to use the most versatile of all woodworking tools . From dado basics to fixtures for complex circular work , Router Methods of Work has the techniques to expand the capabilities of your router . It 's all from Fine woodworking 's Methods of Work column , the premier forum for woodworkers to share their best tips.You 'll learn about : router setup and maintenancerouter tables and mountsrouter joineryrouter dovetailsfluting , reeding , and millingfixtures for curved and circular work
 lots of great tips one of the best router books i have read , highly recommended , also get the table saw version of this book
 Look at Charles Sharp 's review I totally agree with him . Got this book today , nice book but not for the beginner .
 This book has an amazing combination of mystery , adventure , fantasy , and everything in between ! When a family decides to head to a new land they are amazed at what they find and how they going to servive ! I could n't put this book down untill I finished the last page , and then I read it over again !
 Another delightful and funny book , this time about a traveling family , bound for Humbug Mountain to find a rich relative and settle down in peace . This being a Fleischman novel , you can bet there are plenty of twists and turns along the way -- and laughs to go with them . Check it out !
 I was pleased to find a childhood favorite that I could pass on to my 10 year old son . The book although old , was in great condition and arrived very quickly .
 `` Humbug Mountain `` Written by Sid FleischmanIllustrated by Eric Von Schmidt ---------------------------------------------------- This 1978 novel is another fun , frontiers-y epic from author Sid Fleischman , about a traveling family led by a newspaperman father and his stolid wife , who decide to settle down in a new settlement in the high plains which turns out to be a little more rustic than they anticipated
 The research is thorough , with very adequate footnotes and other documentation , but still very readable . The viewpoint of the author is clearly stated , but opposing viewpoints are also acknowledged and explained fairly . Overall , a very well written , convicting book ... well worth the time to read !
 Well written - fast read - thoughtful - excellent footnotes.Clearly and forcefully refutes much of the fuzzy thinking of the last fifty years .
 It seems to be a popular fad these days among many professing Christians to downplay the particularity of Jesus Christ as the Lord and Saviour of the world . In this book , Edwards does a very good job demonstrating that what is fashionable may not always be true and biblical . The book you can say is divided into two main sections . In the first part -LRB- chaps . 1-6 -RRB- Edwards talks about the legitimacy of the orthodox Christian view of Jesus Christ . He delves into the Jesus Quests , the Jesus Seminar , the historic reliability of the New Testament documents , Jesus ' self-identification , etc. . In all these dicussions , Edwards does a good job exposing the various flaws of liberal and anti-Christian perspectives on these matters -LRB- demonstrating how the Enlightenment 's heightening of the individual and a naturalistic view of the universe has severely skewed how one reads the biblical narrative -RRB- . In fact , students who are interested in the methodology of finding out who Jesus really is from an evangelical and conservative perspective will enjoy reading the first six chapters . All in all , Edwards pretty much smashes the presuppositions and arguments of the liberal school that aims to deconstruct the historical Jesus Christ -LRB- the God-man -RRB- and orthodox Christianity through a worldview that is foreign to the biblical period.The second part -LRB- chaps . 7-12 -RRB- deals more intensely with soteriological pluralism . Edwards does an excellent job smashing down the often ridiculous accusations laid against a particularistic understanding of the gospel . For instance , he does a good job showing how orthodox Christianity does not undermine world peace but aims at reconciliation with the whole world because of the nature of the gospel -LRB- cf. Matthew 5:9 -RRB- . He also provides a good treatment regarding the relationship between the gospel and postmodernism -LRB- chap . 9 -RRB- . He does a good job exposing the flaws of a postmodern worldview -LRB- i.e. , that there are no such things as universal truths and that every opinion has legitimacy -- which is a joke to any rational mind -RRB- . Edwards ' commitment to the particularity of Jesus Christ comes out strong in chapter 11 -LRB- `` How Should Christians Think about Other Religions ? '' -RRB- . He gives ample Scriptural evidence that the Bible supports only one way to heaven -- through Jesus Christ . In fact , Edwards is even bold enough to proclaim that Judaism has no saving efficacy apart from Jesus Christ and that we can not automatically assume that some people who have never heard the gospel will be saved . In a final note , Edwards convincingly argues that the particularity of the gospel leads to its own universality . If God did not come down in a particular place and time then there would have been no possibility of redemption for the whole world.Overall , this is an excellent book . The one thing that is refreshing to know is that this book was written by a New Testament biblical scholar rather than a Christian theologian or philosopher . Hence , you will notice throughout the book that Edwards quotes Scripture to back up his arguments . Though many modern scholars are willing to rebel against Scripture because they feel that this leads to hostility and dogmatism Edwards does not fall into this futile path . Modern Christians should realize that ONLY in Jesus Christ are people saved from eternal perdition and that Christianity does not have to cater to certain disenfranchised groups because they complain that orthodox Christianity is too exclusivistic -LRB- which is quite the oppposite , read Galatians 3:28 -RRB- , morally-upright -LRB- which is no surprise , since some people in this world still want to live a sinful lifestyle -RRB- , and sexist -LRB- which , if understood properly , is not -RRB- .
 James Edwards asks the question in the book 's title -LRB- Is Jesus the ONLY Savior ? -RRB- and the answer is Yes.But it is not the Yes of a demagogue , a hermit , or anAmerican evangelist . Is is the Yes of a student , a scholar , an intellectual , and a world citizen.It is a measured Yes , a thoughtful Yes , a reasoned Yes.The book answers the objections to the uniqueness , the non-equivalance , of Jesus to other religious thought leaders.It is written for anyone curious about Jesus , and that covers all kinds of belief and non belief . If you want a clear exposition of why some find him unique and not merely one of many , this book makes it clear.If you are already convinced , it may help you present your convictions with kindness and generosity.It was bracing and satisfying to read , the best spiritual read of the year . I 'm sending copies to thoughtful people I love .
 James Edwards has written a timely and necessary book that deserves a great deal of attention from a broad Christian community . At issue is the drift in our culture toward a type of multiculturalism which causes Christian and non-Christian alike to question whether Christ can or should be spoken of as the `` only '' savior.Edwards looks , in the early chapters , on the various forms of the `` quest for the historical Jesus '' up to and including the historically recent conclusions of the `` Jesus Seminar '' . As is common in many fields , some theological excursions into the quest for the Jesus of history were fully indebted to naturalism , the view that all things can and should be explained in purely natural terms . Edwards calmly and clearly asks whether such assumptions are warranted and finds the resulting conclusions wanting.He takes the question further showing that there is a great deal of reason to trust the historical reliability of the New Testament with easy to read , cogent arguments and a judicious choice of compelling evidence . Having established the reasonableness of trusting the New Testament , he tackles the central issue - did Jesus believe himself to be God.What is unique about the book is that it is not a mere apologetic for the historicity of the Christian faith . Edwards , having established the reasonable foundation , moves from the key questions of the 20th century in the first half of the book to the key questions of the 21st century in the second half . Postmodern theories and multicultural sentiments lead many to believe that the exclusive claims of Christianity are unwarranted , arrogant , and perhaps even a threat to world peace . Without disparaging anyone in the process , Edwards carefully deals with questions about postmodernism and exclusive truth claims , relativism and its relation to human sin , the clash of cultures and its relation to the tendency of many Christians today to embrace universalism rather than the historic view of the uniqueness of Christ.This book hits all the critical issues at an important time . It is sholarly enough to have credibility , but readable enough for lay study . It would be a great gift for college bound kids at graduation . Highly recommended .
 These are difficult days to be a biblical Christian . In affirming the uniqueness of the Christian truth claims , we run up against a host of obstacles , such as the denial of truth , as is postmodernism ; disdain of ethical absolutes , as in moral relativism ; spiritual eclecticism , as in the New Age Movement ; religious pluralism , as in interfaith dialogue ; and theological relativism , as in liberal Christianity.Because biblical Christianity insists that Jesus is the unique and only way to God , and the only true saviour , such claims are met with hostility and disdain in today 's pluralistic climate . Yet they must be insisted upon , if we are to retain the very heart of the Christian faith.Can a good case be put forward that Jesus is indeed who he claimed to be ? Is it possible to affirm the uniqueness of Christianity in the face of other world religions and their claims ? Are the New Testament documents indeed reliable ? Can a case for universal truth still be made in a postmodern world ? And does the insistence on Jesus being the one true way make Christianity intolerant and bigoted?These and other important questions are more than adequately addressed in James Edward 's new volume . He takes on all the challengers - be they from without the faith , such as postmodernism , or from within , such as the Jesus Seminar.Christian particularity and uniqueness can be cogently defended , as Edwards demonstrates . Consider just one issue , that of the Jesus Seminar . This is an effort to reconstruct Jesus in the image of contemporary liberal theologians . By voting with colored ballots , they determine whether a saying attributed to Jesus is indeed authentic . In the end , they have decided that 82 per cent are not.Of course such scepticism about Jesus and his words and deeds is not new . But what is different is the way the Jesus Seminar has marketed their results since coming together in 1985 . They have managed to get a lot of free publicity , and have been able to widely disseminate their radical claims . But they have `` turned the wine of myth into the cold water of reality '' says Edwards.He argues that these scholars come to the New Testament with minds already made up , with a predetermined agenda . Instead of letting the gospels speak , and recognising the high level of reliability and authority of the canonical gospels , they simply read their own assumptions into the debate . The question is , does their reconstruction best fit the evidence ? Edwards thinks not.Other meaty chapters deal with other attacks on the Christian truth claims . By the end of the book , the reader is left with the strong impression that these various attacks have not been effective , and the traditional understanding of biblical Christianity still stands.Edwards deserves credit for nicely bringing together in one volume the various recent assaults on the Christ of Christianity , and performing a credible job of debunking those challenges .
 ` The saving historical death of Christ is made present whenever the gospel is proclaimed in His name . ' p 137Christianity has a right to be heard because of Christ . He is the only Being who has unique claim to being the true Son of Abraham . Matthew demonstrates not only Christ 's biological descent from Abraham , but also His biological descent from David , which emphasizes Jesus ' legal claim to the throne of David . The genealogy of the Messiah in Matthew 1:1 affirms these claims
 It used to be typical for the majority of Evangelical Christians to insist that the true Jesus -LRB- 2 Cor . 11:4 -RRB- was the only way to God , as all other ways fell short . John 14:6 used to have meaning to the church . However , in recent years , the meaning about the exclusivity of Jesus have blurred , as many have turned to pluralism or , at best , inclusivisim -LRB- Jesus can be found innately in other faiths -RRB- . In this book , James Edwards deals with the issue head on . Indeed , he holds to the conservative position that a true relationship with Christ is vital to one 's standing before God . In the last chapters , he hits Postmodernism head on and also talks about what to do with other monotheistic faiths such as Judaism . His conclusion ? We should continue to preach the gospel to everyone who does not have a personal relationship with Christ . I , for one , am glad to see this scholar hold such a view , and think the book is worth a look .
 This book does for this generation what Josh McDowell 's books and FF Bruce 's books did for an earlier generation , but this one surpasses them all ! Edwards swims into familiar territory when he discusses the overwhelming ancient manuscript support for the New Testament -LRB- especially in light of the miniscule support other ancient documents have that we still trust anyway -RRB- . Edwards also shows how unlikely it would have been for the early church to put sayings into the mouth of Jesus and then not draw them anymore in the epistles . He also shows that the gospel portraits of Jesus are much more realistic than anything anyone could have made up . He shows how plausible it was for Jesus to use the less explosive Son of Man moniker than it would have been for him to throw aroudn the Messiah label.Edwards also answers questions skeptics might have about Christ and Christianity such as `` Is the exclusiveness of Jesus as Savior a threat to world peace ? '' `` What about the claims of other religions ? '' All the while , Edwards is meek and respectful of other faiths while holding without apology to the specialness and uniqueness of Christ a Savior . This is a book you 'll want to pick up for friends who are hungering and thirsting for truth .
 James Edwards is this age 's C.S. Lewis , welcoming with warm , comfortable truths and steely images of wisdom . He coalesces deduction , induction and truth to make the case that encourages the doubter , invites the hostile and fortifies the believer . As a minor historian , I was stunned by the unprecedented validation of Jesus ' life . As a former prosecutor , I marveled at the impeccable precision of Edwards ' reasoning . As a struggling Christian , I was moved by the unconditional gift of Jesus ' life to our own . Edwards respectfully invites a response by the Monty Pythonic-postmodern Jesus Seminar , which might be better served by hiding from the bright light of this book . This is a resounding hurrah for a courageously brilliant recall to logic , truth and faith .
 Edwards is a biblical scholar with a philosopher 's mind . The thinks through the issues thoroughly and presents his conclusions clearly . He is well-read in the literature that bears on this topic . In a time when the identity of Jesus is being questioned at both the scholarly and popular levels , this is a sure guide through the debate . Recommended .
 This book is deep covers a significant amount of history related to the subject . It is though and probably best appreciated by someone well educated.It is faithful to the scripture and gives a person much to think about . I enjoyed this book very much .
 I have read this book and I know of Mrs Barbara Bergquist . She has given her heart and soul to the Maltese breed . I do not think anyone has been able to match her . She cares about the breed , and not as a money maker . Her Kennel name is second to none over the years . Granted Mrs Bergquist is older now and not able to show as often . This book will get you started and put you in the game . Must be a reason its still being printed after all these years .
 I rescued a Maltese a year ago and my life has been filled with special joy since then . I ca n't get enough information about this breed and this book will be a valuable addition to my resource collection .
 I just repurchased this whole series again ; I had read them several years ago but did n't keep them . Great story line about authentic place some of which I know personally . well worth repurchasing .
 Earlier this year I made a career change , leaving a job I 'd held for more than six years . For four or more of those years I thought I had `` the perfect job '' -LRB- for me -RRB- and quite seriously thought I might be one of the rare souls who stays working for the same company for most of their life . I thrived on going the extra mile and working miracles , as it were.Conditions changed , internal conditions deteriorated , and the perfect job morphed into a soul-draining daily drudge.Luckily for me I found David 's blog -LRB- where he first fleshed out the essays in this book -RRB- and his advice helped me dispassionately assess my current situation , understand what had been happening and why , and gave me the motivation and optimism to make a career change . By the time he published his book I 'd left the toxic job , was earning more , working with people who respected me , and had also begun working on a self-publishing project of my own to provide some secondary income.I 'm sure that anyone who wants to do better in life will gain far more than $ 19.95 worth of insight & perspective from reading this book .
 Most books dealing with careers start out by showing the reader how he or she can go about landing a great job . David St. Lawrence does things differently . His primary audience is people who already have jobs , especially those who work in large corporations , and who either sense that things are somehow going wrong ... or fail to sense it . I think it is fair to say that St. Lawrence does n't regard the working environment at most large companies as reflecting the values we would most like to see there
 David has a great way of bringing the stuff thats going on around you in the corporate world into focus so that you can make reasoned decisions about your career path .
 Danger Quicksand is the most honest career advice book I 've ever read . I encountered it first online after I complained about my situation to my partner , a practicing psychiatrist , and we sought an outside perspective to bounce our thoughts off of . We got more than we bargained for in St. Lawrence 's book and highly recommend it . Beyond salient section titles like `` Signs of a Problem Workplace '' and `` Why Your Manager Lies , '' you will encounter heaps of worthwhile advice like the choices we can make -LRB- Voting with our feet , p. 112 -RRB- , how to treat co-workers -LRB- You will find that it is far better to be interested in others than to be interesting to others . It is also saner , p. 106 -RRB- , and what can happen after whistleblowing -LRB- -LSB- This about co-workers :] They recognize you as a lightning rod that is already buzzing with a corona discharge and will withdraw from you at the first opportunity , p. 85 -RRB- . It must be noted that St. Lawrence has been trained as an engineer . One criticism my partner had of the book is that it devotes little space , if any , to salvaging a problem workplace . Here , St. Lawrence 's message is more realistic and just the opposite
 A marvelous look at the pressure that a champion athlete faces as he attempts to achieve something never done before . Few accounts offer the depth Mr. Sampson does as to the pressure Bobby Jones faced and the turmoil he experienced as he attempted to win the 1930 Grand Slam . The Bobby Jones of `` The Slam '' is a fellow you would want to play a round with and then drink a round with , and not the marble statute of most golf hagiography . Jones comes across as talented , driven , conflicted , troubled , yet handling the pressure with grace and resolve.Mr . Sampson has a cynical side to his writing , and it comes out in this book in his accounts of Jones and the USGA . Mr. Sampson spends a significant amount of time in explicit and implicit references to a controversial ruling on the next to last hole of the 1930 US Open . The ruling may have kept Jones from missing first place . However , as much time as Sampson devotes to what is arguably the critical point of the 1930 campaign , he still does not fully bring the point home . The ruling was based on a local rule , and Sampson suggests that the rule was not made evident to the players . Yet Mark Frost 's biography of Jones indicates that all players were made aware of the rule . Who is correct ? Sampson talks about players complaining about the ruling , but who were the players ? Supposedly the ruling not only saved Jones a stroke , but placed him in an exceptionally advantageous position for his next shot ... but from Mr. Sampson 's description I could not get a good fix on the geography . A map would have been helpful.A good book , and a book that does Bobby Jones a service in making him human again , but often hampered by the author 's tunnel vision about `` The Ruling '' and the man who made it , Prescott Bush . Yep , the future US Senator and father and grandfather to presidents .
 I was pleasantly surprised with ` The Slam ' . I have come to enjoy Curt 's books over the years , but this one is his best , by far . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The seller of `` The WOodrow Wilsons '' was prompt , professional and everything a seller should be . We particularly appreciated being able to purchase the book from our Canadian address . Our thanks from Muskoka , Ontario , Canada . Jack Hutton
 I first read `` This Star Shall Abide '' while in high school , and was stirred by the powerful and profound questions posed by this book , its psychological and moral depth , and its ability to create a consistent world that 's very different from our own . I found out a few years ago that there were more books in the series , but was n't able to track them down , as they were out of print . But finally I 've been able to read Ms. Engdahl 's full series , and the wait was worth it . The second and third books in this volume surpass the first -- they raise issues of faith and perseverance , self-sacrifice , vision and hope . This new omnibus edition is essential reading not only for science-fiction fans , but for anyone who 's thought seriously about ecological issues , the future of humanity , hope , faith or courage . Most highly recommended !
