 When I purchased this dictionary , I figured that I was getting a good deal on a good investment , but this was not the case first . From the get go the product is dubious - The user manual contains only a minimal amount of information , not enough to guide a user through using the dictionary fully . Next off , the keyboard was more than a little faulty - Some keys would take several concise punches to register . Also , the text input method for Japanese was different than that of a regular computer , which slowed me down more than once . The English to Japanese translation was good and contained more than enough vocabulary for anyone to communicate effectively in Japanese , however , as a previous poster noted , it lumps all the translations together without any examples or context . However , the largest problem I had was the dictionary 's complete incompetence when translating from Japanese to English - For this it was completely useless , it was as though the Japanese to English half of the dictionary contained no simple verbs or nouns ; when looking up simple words -LRB- Words I knew I could find in the English to Japanese portion -RRB- , they simply did not exist . Also , when I called Ectaco technical support to see if there was a user error on my part , the representative did n't offer any help , but simply said to send it back . I did n't have to think about that too long . This dictionary is terrible , if you need an translating dictionary , I 'd recommend paying the extra amount and going with a Canon model , or even a paperback dictionary .
 I bought this expensive -LRB- to me -RRB- phone so I could stop missing calls from my family and friends , due to being unable to hear clearly on my old phones . The unit is terrible and my second mistake was to keep it too long to return it , hoping I 'd get used to it . It amplifies the sound , but does not ` clarify ' it . Furthermore , the callers have a very difficult time hearing me . They report that they can barely hear me . I have to switch to my old phone for the sake of the caller , but I 'm out of luck hearing them.I really regret buying this phone and feel that it was NOT as advertised ... not even close . I 'm now shopping for another phone and will probably switch to Uniden , as the reviews for them are better .
 I returned this item because it had a high pitched buzzing noise that seriously hurt my ears ! I 'm not sure if it was a defective item , or what . Instead I purchased the Ameriphone P300 with only 18 db amplification . The P300 works perfectly !
 I can say little good about this phone except that it does what any phone can do . The sound adjustment sets up feedback , so bad that I do not use it even though I could use some help . It has been almost impossible for me to put in the pictures so that they stay , the only security is one thin sheet of plastic that can be pressed in over them all . It does not keep the pictures in their places . The instructions are minimal . Maybe if I were skilled at model building and art projects I could figure this thing out . I see the trade name Clarity on advertisements for lots of expensive phones and thought foolishly the name meant that this would be a high quality phone .
 I do n't know where to start with this . First of the rubber bands themselves were defective , upon stretching they appear cracked and then tear . Also I feel as if I was overcharged for unnecessary shipping . The product came in a giant box that was definitely not needed for the tiny bag of defective rubber bands .
 I would have to say that the shredder worked well for a while . It broke down after about 6 months and after submitting my return request in writing , after I had already emailed a copy of my original receipt to a customer service person , I received my return authorization by mail and shipped it back . I received my new one within 6 weeks which after a couple of months has totally quit working again with less than normal usage . I was surprized because I thought Royal was a quality company , but two strikes and your out ...
 I decided to ignore all the other bad reviews about this product and purchased this machine , figuring I might get lucky . It failed within one minute of use . I tested it first with some bulk mailings and then a CD through its CD shredding slot . It never ran again after the CD . Total run time was under a minute.I 'm glad it failed because now I 'm forced to return it . I might have lived with the terrible ergonomics of this unit if it had not failed.The ergonomics are just terrible
 When we got this thing it was great . it handled everything we threw at it beautifully and effortlessly . then after about 6 months , the containter was full , we turned it off , emptied the container , and it never powered back on again . i called royal and their help desk is a recording telling me to mail my reciept to a PO box in New Jersey to get the return authorization . forget that , i need a shredder , not to wait 4 months for them to get back to me.so i called the local service center and talked to one of their repair techs . he told me its one of two things , the fuse thats soldered to the main board or the main board fried . reguardless , the labor warrenty is only 90 days so i would have to pay $ 48 an hour labor to fix it . the tech said he considers these disposable , use it till it breaks and buy a new one .
 Ok ... if you have read all the reviews on this thing and are still considering this product , then something is wrong with your head . Similar to other stories on here , I picked up the Royal 1280MX just 5 days ago . Works okay with paper . Tried the CD shredder slot - first one worked great . 2 days later tried another CD -LRB- only the second one -RRB- ... it jammed , tried to auto reverse it out , then kicked itself off . Following the instructions for auto-shutdown ... I left it off for 25 minutes -LRB- the rest of the night -RRB- . Tried it again in the morning and the stupid thing would n't even power on . IT IS DEAD !! Lucky for me this happened as soon as it did ... I am returning this for a full refund and buying a new shredder that works -LRB- checking reviews like this first -RRB- . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 We purchased this shredder on October 4th , 2004 . Since then we have used it 2-3 times a week , shredding on average less than 10 pages at a time . Yesterday it suddenly failed while my wife was shredding a CD ; the motor kept running but the blades suddenly no longer turned.Our first thought was that it was jammed , so we opened the shredder , cleaned the blade mechamism , and tried restarting it . This did not help , however , so we had to open the shredder again . Since the motor kept turning but the blades did not , and there were no visible obstructions within the blade mechanism , we decided to look at the gears between the motor and the blades.We removed the shield covering the gears , and noticed that the grooves on one of the gears were worn out on about a 1 inch stretch . In some ways I guess this is not a surprise , since two of the gears are plastic and two are metal . The plastic material used on the gears is also probably too soft for this purpose.The issue of two gears being plastic ticked me off because both here and on the Royal website this item is listed as having an `` all-steel gear construction '' . Later on , when we took the shredder to a repair shop authorized by Royal , I got a phone number to Royal customer service . The phone number was answered by an answering machine that asked me to leave a message . When Royal eventually called me back , I explained to them that their advertizement was misleading since not all of the gears were made of steel , and I told them I wanted a refund . The lady I spoke with explained that I would need to submit a refund request in writing . I later on took this issue up with Amazon , and -LRB- to my surprise , I have to admit -RRB- refunded me the money I paid for it.In short , this is one piece of equipment I would definitely not recommend . On the other hand , I have no complaints about Amazon 's customer service .
 When shredding paper , credit cards , & CD/DVDs worked great -- but , its effectiveness did n't last . While shredding a pile of papers , the shredder jammed . I do n't think I exceeded the maximum sheets allowed at one time . But , even after attempting to clear the shredder 's blades -LRB- difficult , if not impossible -RRB- , the shredder turns on -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , but it wo n't shred . I can not locate my receipt , so I 'm stuck with a $ 100 useless box of cheap plastic .
 Ok where to start ? I had mine for 3 months or so when it quit on me . The power light would n't light up and it just would n't do anything . I followed the warranty instructions and mailed all my information in - it 's been 4 weeks and no response ! The frustration got the best of me so I cracked it open . Turns out there was a blown fuse on the controller board . 5 bucks and a trip to RShack later and I had my fix . I bought a fuse holder and 4 pack of 5A 125V fuses . Now when it blows again I wo n't have to de-solder the fuse to replace it ! It 's really a shame because this shredder is awesome when it 's working , but it is designed to break - the metal bracket around the blades traps small pieces of paper , and eventually the motor draws too much power because it 's trying to turn the blades which have all kinds of paper stuck in them and then the fuse blows . Bottom line - Awesome shredder - powers through ccards and cd 's , poor design - designed to break , extra lousy customer service - got ta snail mail your warranty , and they 'll ignore it - maybe try sending it registered mail so you 'll have proof of delivery ! Every three months I 'll be slapping a new fuse in this baby , and loving it 's sweet shredding power . I 'll never buy a royal product again though I guess they really expect people to buy a new shredder every three months . Buyer Beware !
 Not much I can add to the other negative reveiws , other than to say the reviews are accurate . This is a horrible shredder!Worked fine . . for about 2 months . . then nothing . Just will not work . . period . I did not misuse shredder , no nails , staples or anything of the sort . In fact , I did n't put anything thru it except paper.Now I 've got to buy another one . TWO MONTHS . . and it failed.We 're not talking daily or heavy useage either . I 'm talking for home use , nothing heavy ... just c-card , bank statements . . etc. . TWO MONTHS of light use , and it fails.Unless you just like throwing your money away , do not buy this product .
 Please do not waste your precious money on this hunk of junk . Once you put in more than 5 pieces of paper at one time you could run into trouble . I had this shredder for 3 months and as soon as my husband shredded a CD it stopped working period . We tried to clean out all the paper between the blades as best as we could -LRB- which is almost impossible -RRB- Now I 'm stuck with a $ 100.00 bill for this B.S. -LRB- So Called -RRB- Shredder.Very top heavy - Basket is made out of cheap plastic .
 For all the reasons listed above . Top heavy , jams way too often for a home/office grade shredder , and my main complaint is the stupid nylon gears . One of those gears self destructed after just over a year of very light use . I really wish that manufacturers would stop using those cheap gears , but everyone does it so I guess I ca n't blame Royal too much . I guess you get what you pay for and $ 99 for a shredder nowadays just is n't enough .
 Worked fine for several months while I routinely shredded paper , mail , and credit cards . Then the other day , I shredded my first CD - DEAD ! Machine is toast . Looks like the gears were stripped by the CD . The label is misleading for stating that you can shred CD 's - do n't do it ! Now I 'm in the market for a Fellowes shredder with higher ratings ...
 I agree with all the negative reviews ... I 've had mine since 2/28/06 and it is always jaming with just paper shreddes . Have to stop wait and start again . I shreddered a few CD 's and then sheddered some paper and tried to shredd a CD and it died . I called Royal and they said I had to either take it to a service dealer or send it back with the warrant . Well it 's now 10/06/06 and dead and if I send it back to them I feel it wil take too long to be checked out . So I am going to take it to a service provider , they most likely will tell me the trurth on this peice of gargage . Once it 's fixed or replaced , I 'll be in the market for somerhing better ... Royal should be ashamed of themselves for putting this on the market at this price . And their customer service should know more english .
 This item is a piece of garbage . A friend of ours had one and my wife broke it by putting 6 pages in at once . Instead of shutting off , it fried - would n't even power up.We bought a refurbished from Amazon to replace our friends . When it arrived , the power did n't turn on . There was a wheel missing , and broken parts in the box that we ca n't find where they are from.No , we did not do the old `` switcharoo '' with the machine we broke . But we could n't believe what a piece they sent us.Thank You !
 It took two shipments to finally get a shredder that made it in one piece . The shredder device itself is heavy duty , super quiet and does an excellent job . But the down side is the shredder part is so heavy it is easily knocked over because the waste basket is made from cheap plastic and weighs only 6-1/2 lbs . While the shredder weighs about 20 lbs . The first shredder was poorly packed and the basket was in pieces from the shredder banging around in the box and breaking the basket into little pieces . I suggest keeping the casters of an that should help steady the shredder on the basket . If it were n't for the stupid safety switches I 'd put this shredder on a better built basket .
 Way overpriced . Mine completely died just after a year . Even when it was new , it jammed on its third CD . I continued to use the shredder for paper only . It recently died after very minimal use - just junk mail etc. . Very cheap gears . Labeling this shredder as professional is a joke.I 'm currently in the market for a new shredder . Stay away from Royal .
 The labels are fine , they will serve the purpose i need . My complaint is with the image vs. description
 I ordered 12 x 8.5 envelopes . The envelopes that were sent had a useable area that was actually a little less than 11 by 8.5 -LRB- if these reviews allowed photos , I 'd show this envelope compared with 11 x 8.5 envelopes purchased from Staples , the 12 x 8.5 are actually smaller than the Staples envelopes -RRB- . The seller tells me that the reason for the discrepancy is that the size stated includes the flap . For giggles , I measured several other envelopes around my house and office . None of those include the flap in the cited dimensions.They wo n't take them back unless I pay the shipping both ways , so completely nullifying the value of an Internet purchase . So if you 're buying sized envelopes , be aware of what you 're ordering . These are useless to me .
 I ordered this product based on extremely positive reviews I read online , in the hopes that it would help me be more organized . The product is not simple to program , nor did it do a proficient job at reminding me of appointments , memos , etc. . My Android OS phone does a better job . I am returning this .
 I was so excited to get my bills and mail organized only to discover a section shattered and a chunk of plastic missing . I checked the plastic and the box that were around the item and the piece was nowhere to be found . Who is doing the quality control on this stuff ? I ordered it because the ones at my work look great but this was not as strong as the ones I have seen before !
 I did not get what I ordered so what can I say ? Wrong item so do n't know if would have like or not . Shippign was fast and refund fast .
 Do n't order this product.I orded it and all I recieved was a one piece top . No sides or compartments as shown in the picture.I contacted them a month ago and have n't recieved any response !
 These wo n't even begin to fit 8.5 '' x 11 '' products . We 're trying to ship books , and we got these , thinking they 'd be perfect . However , these would n't even fit the cover . The opening is n't a full 8 inches . Also , they 're paper thin , and the bubble filling is negligible .
 These are the worst bubble mailers ever . First of all they are a lot thinner than the real Kraft bubble mailers . Most of the bubbles already lost their air . What 's most annoying is that when you 're trying to remove the seal strip it rips the envelope and there 's absolutely no glue left to seal the envelope . I 'm not able to use these envelopes . VERY DISAPPOINTED . If I would 've known I would 've ordered more expensive bubble mailers from a different seller .
 I get my supply from few sellers on Amazon and I decided to give this company a try and I was sorry to waste my money on them.I ordered size 4 and size 1Size 4
 I bought these mailers because the listing mentions that they are made with heavier paper than most but the reality is that these are the lightest , flimsiest mailers I have ever purchased and am now having to use more paper inside , around the product I am mailing to provide substance and protection . I reached into the box to pull some out as they were naturally packed in snugly and the tops of about four mailers just easily tore off in my hands . Very disappointing ; I wo n't buy them again .
 My experience with these has not been all that positive , which is surprising as I usually find Sharpie products to be top-notch . I found after a few uses that the wide end started to flatten out and get even wider , limiting its usefulness on a small surface such as a CD or DVD . I find after switching to the narrow end , that
 As good as most Sharpie products are these are the worst . Within a few weeks the fine tips dry out and will not write .
 DO NOT PURCHASE SKYPE COMPATIBLE PHONES ANYMORE . THE RECENT CHANGES MADE BY SKYPE MAKE THEM IMPOSSIBLE TO OPERATE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESPONSE I GOT FROM THEM BECAUSE MY 150,00 EURO PHONE IS NOW OBSOLETE
 1 . I ca n't dial with the phone2 . always on speaker phone3 . if you have a separate sound system for your computer , callers voice come from the speakers , not your phone4 . None of the features on the phone work5 . yet some how , when skype rings , it will use the phone dialog setting , so no one can hear if anyone 's calling6 . electronic such as a cell phone will cause disruptions during conversation , and buzzing noise when not using.Worst purchase ever.Better off using a headset , and plug it in when you receive a call .
 We make Wedding invitaions etc. so we need a precise cutter . The QCM started out OK but after 3 months no longer makes precise cuts . Cutting a stack of 1/2 inch card stock always results in cuts that are slightly off . If you are n't that fussy it 's fine but some times we are cutting after printing full bleed images and no matter how carefully we line up the cuts they come out slightly off and we have to throw out the job and restart . This is a low end product made in China . The quality if the steel , the joints and controls are not made to last .
 This product not only does n't perform to it 's stated advertisement . The manufacturer also does not refund your money as promised . I shipped all parts back to the warehouse and they claim that they did not receive all parts.The product itself does not cut through the stated amount of paper . Complete waste of money .
 The cutter worked very well when I first got it . I had it about 2 weeks and it somehow got out of square . Starting cutting crooked . After several phone conversations with different people I was sent a return label which was a possible solution . My problem is I run a print shop and my cutter is a vital part of the shop . I 'm not sure if I just got a lemon or what happened . I emailed company a couple of times asking if perhaps there was an authorized technician in my area that could take a look and nobody has responded . My husband has tried to make slight adjustments to the cutter ... square it up per accompanied instructions and it works for a short period and then is soon out of square . I ca n't be without it for several weeks -LRB- which is probably the time frame I 'm looking at if I sent it back -RRB- as I have a business to run , but if there was an authorized technician I could take it to them for a day or so .
 The man that sold me this unit , actually sold me a prototype . It was broken . The press would not lay evenly , cutting at an angle . The blade was sharp , but is was not seated properly , and there was excess grease preservant , ruining my book blocks . It was not packaged correctly , so the press wheel was bent .
 This product is NOT the water and tear-resistant Scotch mailers as pictured and advertised . They send the regular paper bubble mailers that can be ripped in two by a baby . This is blatant false advertising and anyone who bought these should file a suit . DO NOT BUY .
 I have a posture-related chronic pain condition so I was looking to spend some money on a good quality task chair . This chair , in it 's furthest upright position , reclines about six inches too far back for me to sit in a full upright position . I can not type comfortably while reclined back so far - not at all practical for computer work . Waste of money in my case .
 This chair forces the normal body into an awkward position and there is no way to adjust it . The reclining mechanism uses your own body weight as a counterbalance , and there is no way to adjust the tension . The chair looks really cool , but the comfort is poor . What a mistake .
 The headrest forces your neck and head to bend forward in an uncomfortable position when you sit in an upright or a slightly reclined position . The cushion in the seat back and the seating surface is too soft to offer any support . The underside of your thighs will sink into the gelatinous cushion that cuts off your circulation , causing varicose veins in the long run . Do NOT buy this chair . You will regret it .
 I am a design engineer and have had the HumanScale Freedom chair for two years . The chair has had two broken arm rests in that time , one still broken - one elbow resting lower than the other as i type this review . When a humans get out of a chair they use the arm rests to stead and support them selves on exiting . The field of ergonomics is the study of this type of action . It is natural . Something that should be considered in good design . I am not a big guy , I weighing 175 lbs . I broke both of these arms getting up from the chair while putting little pressure on the chairs arm rest.This company is in the chair design business . These weak arms rests are a design flaw . What company in the business would not have internal design standards for loading on arm rests , and seats and casters , etc ? What company would not test for these loads during the design ? What company would not fix the problem ? Apparently HumanScale . The design of the arm rest is flawed and clearly designed to break , intentional design or just incompetence . It appears that this chair has been in production for many years judging by the reviews . HumanScale has known about this problem for all of those years . And guess what , in all those years the design flaw had never been corrected . A broken arm is replaced with another arm of the same design and it is designed to fail just like the one it replaced.Sure HumanScale will replace the arms for free , but i have to spend 2 or 3 hours running the chair back and forth , and I have the pleasure of typing this review with one arm lower than the other . This is not a good chair and not a good company . A good company would correct their designs .
 I bought the fully-loaded leather package and I am really not impressed with this chair . My previous chair was the Herman Miller Aeron which I love . I thought this chair would be better because it cost more ... but I was wrong . My bum sweats when I sit on this chair for any length of time -LRB- my underwear gets all sweaty , not a good feeling ... maybe the fabric version is better ? -RRB- . The arm-rest does not adjust height wise -LRB- I hate how low the arm-rest is on my chair -LRB- and it annoys me that I ca n't adjust it -RRB- . When you lean back , you are basically lying down . I would prefer that the whole chair reclines -LRB- tilting -RRB- back instead -LRB- not just the back-rest -RRB- . It just feels un-natural when you lean back . It looks great ... but I think I will stick to my Herman Miller -LRB- I love the mesh seating on the Miller ... it is sooo much cooler when you sit -RRB- . I would not recommend the Freedom chair .
 Do not buy this extremely expensive chair . I have one in the softest leather option and it is very hard and uncomfortable . Worst of all , the leather is very slippery and there is no cushion so one 's butt slides off the chair within minutes leading to a classic bad posture with no arch support . Am amazed that such a highly rated chair can have such a poor design flaw . Am considering switching to Steelcase leap only after a year of use , which has a cushioned seat so there is no sliding even with leather option .
 After using this chair for 6 months I started getting severe back pain and was diagnosed with a pinched nerve due to a herniated disc . I do not recommend this chair at all
 I bought this chair after reading reviews of it . Do n't believe them . Big mistake . It is way over priced and does not allow you to adjust it much at all . Really not worth the money . You can get a better chair at an office warehouse store for lots less , or probably on Amazon.I bought the `` gel cushioned '' version . Not very cushioned . If you spend a lot of time in front of a pc , you 're not going to like this chair . Also , if you lean back even a little , you 're laying down . Ca n't even adjust the tension to prevent the chair from leaning back so easily . 1 star for being able to sit on it.Get something else .
 I work for a federal government agency in DC that recently bought a mess of these chairs for it 's employees . We had the option to pic from three chairs and many people chose this model -LRB- I think the headrest was the selling feature for this chair -RRB- BIG MISTAKE ! You would think that a chair that retails for about $ 1000 would be of better quality to justify the asking price . This chair does not come close . As I am writing this review I am sitting in this model chair right now . I am going to call our facilities division and request a new chair -LRB- definitely not the same model -RRB- when I am finished writing this review.First of all as I said the quality is terrible , many people in the agency have already returned their chair -LRB- we got them last year 09 -RRB- . The thing that I found interesting was that many of us have returned the chair for the same reason . The hinges on the armrest are very cheap in that if you use the armrest to help push yourself out of the chair what has been happening is that the armrest hinges give over time and break . I you go into our storage facility you will see many of these chairs returned with one or both of the armrest broken at the hinge.The headrest on my chair has come off track and is leaning to the side and because the way it is designed I have not been able to put in back on track . Please believe me when I say that I have not been abusing this chair . Sure it looks cool but the poor quality and retail price makes this chair so not worth buying . SAVE YOUR MONEY , TIME AND SOME AGGREVATION AND DO NOT BUY THIS CHAIR !!!!!!!!!!
 First please be sure to read the reviews in the Freedom Chair without headrest as that is the same chair as this without the headrest . I am 6 foot , medium build , need to work all day in front of computer . I have owned this chair for two years and have simply had to give up sitting in it . Honestly , like some of the other reviewers the tension on the seat back literally pushes you out of the seat and there is no way to adjust it because it is supposedly auto-adjusts to your weight . I have the gel seat and my buttocks is constantly falling asleep if I try leaning back since the black weave on the seat is so slippery you just keep slidding off . And speaking of the reclining aspects , yes it does recline but you literrally have to plant your feet into the floor and forcibly psuh back to keep it reclined . And YES the arm rests have been broken since about the 2nd month I owned it . Also you can double this review because my business partner also despises it . I want to like but I absolutely hate this chair and get sick thinking about the money I dropped on it.Please check this chair out in person before sending any more hard earned money to HumanScale .
 I bought this chair through Madison Seating via an external retailer link on Amazon . Madison charged $ 170 to ship from New York to Toronto , and then FedEx charged another $ 150 for brokerage.Shipping aside , the chair is not very durable and you must use the chair with a great deal of care : - Black weave fabric has started ` piling ' in under a year . - Push pins are coming loose in the adjustable arms mechanism . - When sitting down , the arms will not support your weight if you try and brace yourself . - The seat base is also very fragile ; it feels just like a piece of plastic with foam and fabric stretched across . If you put too much weight on this , I believe it will break . - No way to lock the tilt mechanism.Overall , I 'm disappointed with the purchase . While the concept behind the chair is unique -LRB- and it looks good -RRB- , the execution is far from perfect , and the chair is really over-priced for what it is -LRB- when used daily -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 I weigh 155 pounds and I am 5 ' 4 . I HATE SITTING In this chair . I sit for at least 30 hours per week at my job . My butt slides out when I lean back . It 's very uncomfortable . . it puts un-necessary tension on my back and neck when trying to lean back because it is so spring loaded so tight it 's like a sling shot !! . And when I lean back , my head gets pushed forward with my chin in my chest.As much as I sit in this chair with the so called correct posture . . I can honestly say from experience , this chair is NOT for short people . There is nooo cush for your tush . We all know that our boss bought theese chairs just to annoy us ... They also start falling apart after a few months . Plastic pieces at the joi n't fall off . And the small metal washers that hold the pins in place eventually work themselves loose . And this is through 3 shifts so theese chairs are sat in , 24/7 .
 I purchased the Chair as a Christmas gift for my Son , who thought this chair would be the best for use with his computer setup . It did n't work for him . He could not get a comfortable reclining position to work at his desk and computer . It was either sit up straight or lay-back all the way with NO control for an in-between position . The lumbar , height , and headrest adjustments worked fine though.I am returning the chair for reimbursement now . I tried for days to get the chair apart so I could send it back but it has taken from 1-2-12 to 1-11-12 to be able to return it , presuming I can get a shipper . I could not get the chair apart so I could get it into the box for shipping . I was told that it had to be shipped in the `` box '' or it could n't be returned . I called one of the sellers & tried to find out how to get it into the box . That took several days to find someone there to get the instructions . Then four days more of that was a problem -LRB- for me -RRB- . My computer could n't match with my son 's computer so he had the information-printers & instructions-tranfered from my wife 's computer to be printed to my printer . -LRB- And my son had to re-set my new computer so it would work right . He is a `` programmer '' . -RRB- After everything else I had to remove the base-wheels & cylinder-apart . That took more days because what they showed & printed was not exactly what was needed . I got a ballpeen hammer - it looked like a 12 oz one - & tried to get it apart for half a day . Then I got a 16oz hammer & used that . The next day I got a 24oz ballpoint hammer & that did it-after about 2 hrs . -LRB- That was the only way it would come apart . And it is n't looking as good as it was . But I tried . And I used to be a tool & die maker . -RRB-
 I borrowed one of these while recovering from a severe pinched nerve and needed strong shoulder support . I found the chair great in that aspect , and I loved that it would adjust to my seating position instead of having to move a bunch of levers.The big problem is that I ca n't sit in the chair for much more than an hour . There 's hardly any padding in the seat , so after I while my butt gets sweaty and starts to hurt . Other chairs seem to have solved this problem by having either a mesh seat or a lot of padding . Not sure how they messed this up.Maybe this is a subtle way of encouraging us to get up and walk around every hour or so . If so , that 's not what I was looking for . Even after taking a 5-10m break , sitting back down still hurt.Too bad ; otherwise it 's a remarkable chair .
 Make sure you read the negative reviews before investing so much money in this product , they are absolutely spot on .1 -RRB- The headrest pushes your neck sharply forward into a deeply uncomfortable position . It hurts to lie back and rest your head to read or work in this chair , despite the fact that it is designed to recline . I want to remove the headrest altogether .2 -RRB- The seat padding is hard and extremely uncomfortable and bruises my behind on regular 7 + hour use . As much as the padding is insufficient , the supposedly ergonomic bowed ` bucket ' - shape of the seat compresses the glutes and thighs into themselves . I recommend adding a soft cushion to try and work around the problem .3 -RRB- As mentioned by others , the arm rests are very poorly designed . Both of mine cracked after a single year of use and finally snapped off the chair completely . And I consider myself to be very careful with my possessions . Additionally , the mechanism for raising and lowering the arm rests became looser and looser through use until it began to sag and no longer support the arms horizontally , making them nigh-on useless .4 -RRB- As others have said , the chair reclines much too easily . Even the slightest backward pressure and you find yourself flying back and lying like you 're in a business-class airline seat . It 's really extremely impractical and very annoying .5 -RRB- The way the back sits in relation to the base means you tend to slide forward in the chair and feel like you 're going to slide right off . You have to keep pushing yourself back into the seat , which becomes tiresome and stressing after a while .6 -RRB- The headrest on mine started to come off because the screws embedded within the headrest pad -LRB- ! -RRB- came loose , leaving a dangerously sharp screw protruding beneath the headrest . And because those screws are embedded within the headrest padding , you ca n't reattach them without literally tearing the headrest material apart .7 -RRB- The supposed 15-year ` warranty ' is a complete nonsense . Try getting a response from Humanscale ! They simply ignore all emails and phonecalls . I even asked to just pay myself for replacement arms , and still received no response . Unbelievable .8 -RRB- I do n't think this chair is as good as many chairs on the market at just 10 % of its price . Its unbelievable they hype and myth they 've managed to build around this badly designed , unergonomic rip-off . I sincerely suggest - at the very least - that you TRY this chair before committing to buying it . I did n't , and I regret that I can never get that money back from this awful product .
 Do n't bother with this one . I bought it knowing that it would be crappy quality but i had hoped that it would at least last me through the semester . Even when it arrived it looked pretty beaten up and every time i open it up i find a new tear in the thin plastic covering the flimsy cardboard . Worst of all is that the clamps are spaced poorly so it tears the pages and makes it really difficult to turn the pages . If it was a small 1/2 -1 inch binder it would n't matter as much but since i bought it for a textbook -LRB- what other purpose is there for a 3 inch -RRB- its really a pain . Just spend an extra $ 2 and get a semi-quality one from an office store .
 i thought i was purchasing a 3 inch 3-ring binder with the fold over front where the rings were attached to the back of the binder and the spine and front fold around them to close .
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 I bought this product because the advertisements all say `` Prints 4x6 Shipping Labels . `` Once I received this printer , plugged it in , and called tech support , I was informed that while this printer does technically print shipping labels -LRB- only for Ebay or Paypal -RRB- , it does NOT support or print labels through any of the main shipping companies
 I purchased this printer for the sole purpose of using 4x6 inch shipping labels -LRB- Standard for E-stores of course -RRB- . The printer comes with easy to use -LRB- P-Touch -RRB- software ... make sure you download the latest version from Brothers Website . -LSB- ... -RSB- Software :P - Touch Editor 4.2 or 5.0P-Touch Transfer ManagerP-Touch Printer Settings -LRB- Does n't work , nor does Brother Support know anything about this software even though it was supplied on the CD that came in the box . -RRB- When trying to Print directly from Windows -LRB- using the QL-1050 driver from Brother -RRB- the printer defaults to a format `` Binder 1-1/4 '' - Spine using a Landscape Orientation '' regardless of what setting alterations you make or what size labels you load into the QL-1050 . I tried to use this printer as I said for printing only 4x6 inch shipping labels which you can only do if you use the brother P-Touch Software . Any type of printing outside this software is not supported -LRB- even using the Windows Printer Driver that Brother supplies you with -RRB- . Even when I explained to the Support person that `` I 'm using your windows driver that your company supplied and changing the printer preference settings in the dialogue box when I select my QL-1050 and then save the settings -LRB- funny this works with every other printer in the known Universe -RRB- I still can only get the QL-1050 to print the idiotic 1-1/4 Binder Spine label in Landscape Orientation.You can however create a template and transfer the template to the printer via the USB cable that comes standard with the unit , but alas the printer only stores this template temporarily until you exit the software it 's back to the `` 1-1/4 inch Binder-Spine - Landscape Orientation '' label printing . This option does n't work either and which I mentioned it to the Support representative O was promptly placed on hold for about 10-15 minutes . -LRB- I assume he went to find out if there was such a thing -RRB- . So after 30 or so days and several calls to Bother 's support staff -LRB- who are obviously reading a very bad script -RRB- I 'm absolutely 100 % fed up with the Ql-1050 printer and Brothers very `` Lack-Luster '' support staff . Though I have to admit that the support staff at Brother were very polite telling me that I 'm Totally-Screwed with their printer.So here 's the list of standard shipping websites most E-Tailers use and the support that Brother offers : Support for USPS.COM - NoSupport for Fedex Direct Printing - NoSupport for Stamps.com - NoSupport for Fedex Ship Manager - NoSo far , the only way for me to print the unusual label size of 4 inches by 6 inches -LRB- which is a Bother Dk-1241 - Die cut -RRB- 1 . Print the label to a PDF file2 . Open the P-Touch Label Software3 . Open the PDF file saved in step 1.4 . Select the PDF image and copy image .5 . Paste - Special and choose `` Device-Independent Bitmap '' and click `` OK '' to save the PDF image into the P-touchEditor6 . Click Layout and select `` Rotate '' on the drop-down and choose `` Rotate 90 degrees Left '' . -LRB- It always seems to paste Landscape for some reason regardless of the template used . -RRB- 7 . Click on File and select Printer-Page Setup .8 . Select Printer-Properties next to the QL-1050 .9 . Choose Paper-Size of 4x6 inch10 . Set the Print-Priority to `` Give Priority to Quality '' .11 . Set the Graphic settings - Brightness/Contrast and Binary Image -LRB- Otherwise the default is very light and you ca n't get the Bar-Code or Postal Logo to print -RRB- 12 . Now Click print to print your 4 inch by 6 inch shipping label on your Brother QL-1050 . If you have had a different experience or know of another to performs the utterly simple task of printing directly to this printer using the Printer Driver Dialog box , please let me know.Otherwise I have a gently used Brother QL-1050 for sale ... C. TownsendHouston , Tx .
 What a waste ! Please be sure you understand what type of files this thing makes and how many before you buy ... I am a professional documentary film maker and I find this to be one of the biggest mistakes I ever made ... Garbage
 I purchased this tape in hopes that my large , hard-to-hold posters would FINALLY stay up more than a few days at a time . Rather than staying up just a few days , they stayed up just a few SECONDS . Some fell down immediately.This tape sticks well to the wall , but if your posters are laminated and large , do n't waste your money . I used 3M poster mounting strips and packing tape in the end in hopes of getting a little more longevity .
 I was so excited about my first PDA -- until I tried to sync it with Outlook on my PC . It completely scrambled all of my appointments . Events that were 3 months old showed up again on different days at different times . A complete mess ! I called Vtech 's tech support in a panic . They were very friendly , but I was on the phone with them for an hour with no fix . It is in the box ready to return !
 when i bought my vtech helio i was initially amazed at what you get for the price . the voice recorder , 8mb expandable to 16 and cic jot instead of graffiti . this was then that i started looking for a new pda . there are hardly any apps for the device and it runs P.O.S. OS . i saw that the palm IIIxe was a comparable price to the vtech with most of the same features except the voice recorder . i was very pleased to find out also that there was a keyboard for the palm of which there was not ofr the vtech helio . just dont by the product please . do some comparison shopping also ... just dont by the product and dont waste your time and money .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . In fact , I advise against buying ANY Helio or VTech product . On top of selling a product that has yet to run properly in the two months that I 've owned it , Helio 's customer service and technical support is a travesty . They simply do not care if you are unhappy with their product and are not focused on improving your situation or making their customers happy . I am in the midst of sending scathing letters to the President , head of customer service and head of technical support demanding a full refund . Amazon.com should no longer carry these products .
 This item had good reviews at xmas , so I decided to try it out as a gift . I have never been more disappointed with a product . The batteries run out in less than a day even when it is not turned out . The sync is terrible . It seems to take and then everything is lost . Sometimes it will sync to outlook , other times it wo n't . I am wasting huge amounts of time trying to re-enter info and replace batteries to keep anything for longer than a day .
 I was very impressed with the features that the Helio had for the advertised price . No other PDA can compare . Unfortunitely , the Helio would constantly get several system error alarms that would lock up the device . I was initially so impressed that I encouraged a friend to purchase one . He experienced the same problems and is now on his second Helio and it eats batteries big time . I sent mine back and am now in the market for a new PDA . If Vtech works out the bugs , the Helio will definately be the best PDA for your buck .
 I bought the Helio for myself and was extremely excited to receive it . The first one I got did not synch so I had a new one sent to me . The next one synched great and I was so pleased the many things I could do with it . I soon realized that the battery life is about 36 hours -LRB- while not even using it ! -RRB- Imagine if I had it turned on all the time . It 's a good thing that it synchs so easily so if any info was lost I could quickly retreive it . It is ridiculous that you should change the battery virtually each day . I will be returning this product as soon as I 'm done writing this . If it were n't for the battery issue I think this is a great deal and a good product . PS -- I wrote to VTech customer support and have not received an answer for 8 days now . One time I called them and they spoke to me immediately and were terrific ! The next time I called I had to leave a voice mail and they called back 2 days later . I am currently waiting for another call back -LRB- 2 days ago -RRB- .
 Very , Very , Very raw device with very adventure OS and application . I 've bought it due to of wide range of announced abilities , but the software is unreliable and every 20 min crashed the Helio . The Helio kill batteries in 1 day using . The synchronization process stupid and works exactly like other Helio application.END
 I bought the VTECH HELIO PDA based on the comparatively low price for the 8mb storage and the high rating of another AMAZON reviewer . I was terribly disappointed . First , the battery life is 2-3 days with the PDA in the OFF state , i.e. with no use . I tested this by replacing the AAA batteries 3 times with fresh cells . This is unacceptable ; I lost data twice when the batteries drained . -LRB- This inidcates a poor design in power supply stage of the device . -RRB- Secondly , the non-Palm OS is subject to numerous protection fault errors ; this plagued me during scheduling operations , causing me to reset the PDA more than a dozen times , losing data each time . This is a case where you get what you pay for ; I 'm going to get another PalmIIIxe or a Handspring Deluxe to replace the HELIO .
 I recently bought the VTech Helio , I have , also , recently returned my Vtech Helio . Now , let me tell you why and you can judge my experience for yourself . It seemed to be perfect at first because , let us be honest , those features were a whole lot for the buck . And the applications , although not as thorough and user friendly as on other systems , were satisfactory . But the only programms I could find to download were tetris and one to figure out exact tips . Also , I could not download internet pages , like the New York Times . That made a difference . Finally the voice recorder froze the entire system almost infallibly , meaning I had to reset it and wait several minutes to restart it . Talk about a headache . But they might have improved that bug by now . I have owned and used the Helio , PalmIIIxe , and the Visor deluxe . The Helio has the style , the features , and the Price . But it does not perform to expectations .
 I received and started using this product today . The two things I do n't like immediately are
 I was disappointed in what I received . Ad seems to indicate that there are ten file pockets per box . However , when received , there were only four in the box . Fool me once , shame on you , but you will not fool me twice . Buyers beware of this Seller .
 Buy these directly from Amazon.com -LRB- click on the `` 5 new from '' link -RRB- Amazon will ship you the 10 genuine Wilson Jones brand folders in a factory sealed box - my purchase arrived on Sept 9 , 2011They are better quality than the Smead folders I purchased elsewhere on AmazonEarlier on Aug 31 , 2011 I ordered 250 folders from Price Prosfrom this page - and received about a dozen folders loose in a 5 pound unsealed -LRB- open -RRB- UPS package that I refused at the truck . Price Pros has told me via email and phone that my purchase will be refunded when they get back the merchandise . According to the UPS tracking info they it received back at their location on Sept 5 2011 - The charge still remains on my account.On Sept 3,2011 I ordered 10 Folders from Shoplet from this page -LRB- $ 14.59 + $ 0.00 shipping -RRB- On September 6 2011 I received one folder via UPS and on September 9 2011 I received 9 more just loosely tossed into the shipping box with some airbags on top . None of the folders were branded or identified in any way and they are definitely not Wilson Jones brand as described on this page . No reinforced gussets not even comparable to the Smead brand mentioned in first paragraph - similar to promo Dollar Store merchandise - Shoplet processed the request and refunded my $ 14.59 on September 13,2011 - PricePros still has my money from the refused August 31 transaction
 I selected this as it was the closest to one that I was replacing after eight years . It did not meet any of my expectations and the company kindly gave me a refund after I returned the phone . Their service was excellent but the product was not .
 This recorder is a neat little package , and so much so that I purchased additional units in the event my original broke down -LRB- I use it for work -RRB- . I still think that , for the money , it is one of the better models that Sony made -LRB- yes , past tense -RRB- . Unfortunately , since they no longer make them , neither do they provide very good support for this model , which you can discover simply by doing a search using such text as `` my ICD-P320 wo n't work with Windows Vista . '' Sony does provide a driver that is supposedly an update which serves to facilitate compatibility with Vista , but you will find , if you did that search , that the driver does n't work and provides no more than lip service , which in this case , could be an acronym for Sony tech support in regard to this product . Eventually working my way up to a senior tech within Sony 's product support system , he confided to me that until the creator 's of Windows Vista -LRB- yes , them -RRB- reach some sort of an agreement with Sony , no working driver , including the one that they say is a working driver to enable Vista users to continue to enjoy their ICD-P320 , will be forthcoming . So , that leaves me with several wasted 82 MB re-downloads on more than one occasion thinking I would soon have the magic driver -LRB- but did n't get it -RRB- , tech conversation time , wasted , as well as occasional sparks of hope that maybe they had resolved the driver issue -LRB- and had not -RRB- and yet another attempt at downloading that magical driver that will work just as they say it will.You can buy an updated version of this sweet little recorder -LRB- with odd looking little barrel microphones attached at the top -RRB- for about three hundred bucks , or buy the UX versions -LRB- which have little if any actual volume advantage and , in fact , require a set of headphones if you want to play back whatever you record and actually be able to hear it -RRB- , but still , as those of us who really like this recorder , the ICD-P320 , and think that Sony should support their product , but do n't , it 's such a nice recorder that I still dream that someday they will come up with a working driver . Planned obsolescence ? I 'm not sure but I know that for those of us who have this useless recorder paired with Vista , life does n't get any better , nor does it promise to anytime soon . But , there is hope if you did keep your versions of XP rather than upgrading to Vista like I did when I bought my new -LRB- would n't you know it , Sony VGN-TT290 , with , unfortunately , Windows Vista installed instead of the optional XP -RRB- . What a mistake ? I 'm not sure if it 's possible , but I 'm considering reverting to XP . Is it ? Sour grapes here ? You bet . I really liked my little recorder . Still do . Still hoping for a miracle .
 I am very dissapointed that this product does not support the Macintosh community . Not only will the software supplied not run on a Macintosh - I knew this at the time of purchase , and I can live it , I have a Macintosh , we have tons of tools to work with sound - but the recorder will not even mount . This leaves me with no other option but to return the unit . Sony has never supported the Macintosh well , this is just another clear reason for Mac users to stay away from their products .
 The recorder was everything advertised , very versatile , good sound , user-friendly software , except that it only lasted 3 weeks . At this time , with no apparent reason , the LCD screen simply died . The unit was never mishandled or abused . I do not understand how a company like Sony can package such sophisticated electronics in a totally inferior , uselessly fragile , cheesy plastic chassis . I will not purchase another Sony recorder . Before this one , I owned an Olympus which took all kinds of abuse and was still going strong after 2 years . There is absolutely no excuse for a catastrophic failure of the LCD screen after a few days of light use .
 If you have windows vista , do n't bother with this device . It will not operate . Once again Sony has given me yet another reason to stop buying Sony.To get the information off the device you are required to have windows xp . They will not update a driver to accomodate a vista computer connection . All because they have their own format on this thing . Its all about protecting themselves and leaving the customer in the lurch !
 I bought a Sony ICD-MX20 digital voice recorder a week ago . I was surprised that Sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named `` Digital Voice Editor '' . Sony Customer Service staff told me that if you lost the CD that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . Only patches of the software are available to download.This immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . Sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . Think twice before making your buying decision .
 This device is incompatible with Windows 7 . Sony 's lack of concern is disturbing . You can go here for more info :[ ... -RSB-
 I boought this recorder to record sermons for my church email outreach ministry . The first 7 times I used it the file transfer went smoothly , the sound quality could use some work , but I was still able to use it . As soon as I got comfortable enough to quit taking notes , I had major trouble with the fle transfer not working . I tried all the `` help suggestions '' but it still does ` nt communicate . I 'll still trying to use it . But my advice is to keep taking notes just in case . I 'm shopping for another recorder . Has anyone had trouble with the file transfer ?
 + Has microphone and headphone interface + Does what it 's supposed to do - No `` plug-and-play '' or `` drag-and-drop '' ; bloaty software is required instead - Does n't charge up when connected to PC via USB - When you export in high quality mp3 the result is a ludicrous 16kbps - Quick battery drainer - Not a lot of memory - Recording quality is not that great
 I saw the item on amazon and called the company first to make sure they had the desk and could ship quickly . They told me no problem so I ordered it ... a month an a half later I still did n't receive it even though I received a notice from amazon that it had been shipped . I called the company and they told me the desk was damaged so it was shipped to them and that they could n't get another one . But nobody called to tell me any of this and I had to call to make sure to get a refund . I waited almost two months for the desk only to find out I was never going to receive it and I needed it quickly . Terrible company MYOFFICESOURCE.COM ... do n't buy from them !
 As an engineer I recognized that the construction and design of this shredder was poor , the instant I took it out of the box . But I figured it was just adequate for cutting paper . I was mistaken . Within a year it broke . The reason is that structurally its flimsy , the blades will spread open with the force that the blades use to cut the paper . So the geniuses at Royal figure they could fix this with a metal brace that will connect both blades and keep them from coming apart . Well the brace is on the middle of the blades , and the paper will get caught in it until shut down . After this one has to physically pry this paper out , this can be dangerous . As a designer myself I see how this fix would make sense , since the paper should have been shred at that point . The problem is that they had to extract a few blades to place the bracket and this caused the paper to brake in wide strips . These strips will get caught on the brace . It does say 7 pages maximum , but this happens even one page at a time . So keep your money , buy something different .
 This shredder is unusually noisy and within one year of purchase , it stopped working . The blades no longer move and even though I 've cleared what paper I can see , it still behaves like it 's jammed .
 When I bought this scanner for our school library , I was really impressed . It worked right away ; real plug and play . It scanned any bar code I tried and worked flawlessly . Until one day 7 months later . While scanning a barcode from one book worked fine , the next did not . And that was it . The device died just like that .
 I bought this to just play around with bar code scanning . The manual has a lot of setup codes but no explanation about what software to use to get the USB signal . The manual does not even have a section about the USB connection , just an RS232 and keyboard wedge . Of course there is no brand name only ZT-800U which I have searched with little results . Looks like I got caught on this one . Dan
 I needed a new voice recorder and decided to try sony since it is usually a good name . Unfortunately this unit is junk . It is poorly designed , the erase button is where the record button should be and the record button requires you to look at the unit to find it every time since there is no tactile feel to it . Recording is absolutely silly , whoever designed this unit clearly never tested it . You have to find the record button by looking at it , press record then when you press record to stop it only pauses so you wind up with a long message . If you press the big stop button by the record button it plays your message back to you which is very annoying . You have to press record then press this tiny stop button in between the forward/reverse buttons . It is unbelievably poorly designed . There is no way to use it for notes without becomming frustrated . Then when you do press the tiny stop button instead of the big stop button it pauses for 3 seconds before it beeps to acknowlege you stopped recording ? Why ? Another annoyance feature . The manual makes a big deal about ` you do not have to hold the record button ' but that should be a user selectable option . I want to hold the record button and release it to stop . That is a common sense feature for a digital voice recorder but this unit will not work that way . Next time sony should test their product before selling it .
 I bought this item to record speakers at a convention . The playback is not as clear as I had hoped . I am disappointed in the product .
 What is the use of owning a digital recorder if it comes with more `` hiss '' than a tape ? This unit has VERY loud background noise and as stated earlier ... wo n't erase individual files .
 THE ITEM YOU SEE IN THE PICTURE IS OF Sony ICDSX46 128mb voice recorder MP3 NOT THE SONY ICD-B300 AS LABELED . if you are buying this item becuase of the way it looks this is not the item you will get . you will recieve an item that looks like the SONY ICD-310 OR 320/330 . I was mislead myself . hope this helps
 The item ICDB300 I received was not as pictured . I received something entirely different than the ICDB300 that was pictured . Not sure if it was an earlier model or what . The item pictured showed it had a stereo mode and the model I received was a cheaper model that I could have bought at Walmart for $ 4.00 more . I was disappointed but I needed it for work so i kept it . I felt i got screwed and that amazon put up a picture of a different higher priced model . When i placed the order it showed it was in stock , after i paid for it i recieved and email saying it would be shipped approximately 2 months after the order was placed . It did arrive in 2 weeks though . Not sure what to think of amazon . The item and shipping was way off of wack . Not sure i can trust ordering from amazon again ... not sure what i will get or when it will arrive .
 My unit wo n't erase messages . I followed the instructions to the letter , but it wo n't erase individual messages and it wo n't erase folders . I hold down the stop button , I press erase , the `` Erase '' message flashes ; but when the flashing stops the message -LRB- s -RRB- are still there . Darn inconvenient .
 I never thought I would get a defective product from Amazon . But I did this time ! -LRB- and it already past the 30 day return period -RRB- What a bad luck . When playing back after done recording , the unit would skip the sound every so often to a point that I want to throw it into the trash can .
 I suggest that if you plan to invest in a decent recorder this is not the one . Make sure you look for alternatives -LRB- make a list of what you want out of a player . -RRB- I intended to record my class lectures and discussions and bought it without researching -LRB- bad idea -RRB- . Now I 'm in the process of looking for another player.It keeps approximately 20 hours of recording set at SP -LRB- which is lower quality -RRB- . It has three settings for recording LP SP HQ . If you want higher quality recordings HQ is the highest setting but memory is sacrificed for the higher quality recording . The mic also picks up a lot of back noise . I usually sit far from the lecturer , so I find myself putting my ear next to the speakers a lot when I replay the lectures . A good feature that the recorder has is the ability to pause a recording and return back to recording with relative ease . It took a bit of figuring out the device but for the most part it is easy to use . If you 're looking for a recorder for lectures , I do n't recommend this product . If you 're looking for a product to record upclose interviews , this would be a decent product . This product also does not have a usb connector , so if you want to keep all your recordings good luck . Battery life is alright , though I have not kept track how long it actually lasts ... sorry . For a 40 dollars , I got what I payed for , but I was expecting more .
 I never received this item I contacted the seller and was told it would be sent out , but I still have not received it . I believe it has been a month if not longer .
 The footrest came and the lock was broken within minutes of setting it up , luckily it was easily exchanged and the new one seems to be fine . The directions are not very user-friendly , it takes a little decoding to figure out how to adjust the height . Overall , I think this product is moderate to low quality but there are n't a lot of other options without spending a lot more money .
 This thing is just all around bad . The adjustment levers are large plastic buttons that do n't work correctly . The build quality is terrible . It feels very chinsy , like it will fall apart in no time . Sent this item back . Do n't waste your time with it . It is not worth anywhere near $ 50 . It would be at home in the dollar store , maybe .
 the facts about this product , and why it 's reviews are split between good/bad - it 's deceptive -LRB- in other words , the product itself is -RRB- . the deception occurs where the product is half quality and half poorly , cheaply-constructed worksmanship . It 's selling point is the quality part , which is the gel/memory foam cover -LRB- fairly nice -RRB- , and the chief auxiliary feature which is the footrest sliding backwards and forwards -LRB- something i bought it for , as legs need to move vs. be stuck in one position even if they 're raised -RRB- . The height is decent -LRB- at least for me , being 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- the verdict for me would be that i would n't have bought this given the beyond-poor funcitonality . the lock on mine does n't work . period . at all . i lock it , the footrest slides back and forth . i unlock it , the footrest slides back and forth . so , my feet slide forwards and backwards as my weight shifts with every little movement while i work . if its important to you that this work the way its advertised , then do n't buy this . if its enough for you that your foot has a nice squishy gel pad under it , and you do n't care about your legs being tossed in any which position upon your every move , then this should more than suffice . i originally gave it two stars , but i took one off because of the fact that i also do n't have the kind of time i need to go through the return process for a product not being what it 's advertised as , and that is something amazon should address on the front end , i.e. be able to back products up which they sell . i 'm now sitting here with a $ 45 non-functioning footrest until i can buy one that works . shame shame amazon !
 The footrest broke immediately when I tried adjusting the height . Do n't buy it . Is that long enough for a review ?
 This is a horrible product . It does n't work as advertised . The accompanying instructions are inadequate.The shoddy design of the product makes tilting it impossible without breaking it.This is one of those maddening products that can make a reasonable person feel like an idiot and perhaps drive one to the brink of destroying the thing in a fit of rage.Simply horrible . DO NOT BUY this foot rest .
 I have used the same scale for several years until I dropped the display and broke it . This so called reconditioned scale lasted less than a month before it quit working . The display , which was NOT the original equipment worked with my old scale which allowed me to carry on . I would not buy anything these guys claim to be reconditioned .
 I purchased a Royal Scale several years ago and used it nearly every day . It was great . I purchased 3 more from AceDepot through Amazon for my children so they did n't have to borrow mine . The first time they arrived in a broken box in a jumbled heap . They were so badly broken that they would n't even turn on . UPS picked them up and then 2 more arrived in separate packages . Finally a third one arrived yesterday . None of them work . I was on Tech Support -LRB- foreigners -RRB- and they said to take out the batteries , wait 10 minutes and then they would work . I called back 4 times and finally they told me to send them back . Do n't waste your time with them . The quality has gone out the window since I purchased my first one .
 I am shocked to see the scale 's inner metal structure snapped.It looks like aluminum but , broke like cast iron does.I do n't know anything about metal but , it seems very weak.I do have large packages but , I do n't abuse my equipment so , I was shocked and disappointed to see that it had broken.It might be capable of weighing over 300lbs but , the scale does n't seem to be able to handle that kind of weight .
 I bought this scale in August 2010 . It is now the first week in October . The scale is rarely moved , however the cord has already worn through it 's insulation and the wiring is broken .
 I really regretted this purchase . The product looks good but is useless . It worked fine for 3-4 days and suddenly stopped working . It needs expensive batteries . Is not easy to use . Save your money than spending on this useless product .
 Got this thinking it was a great deal , and the scale itself worked pretty well , until the AC adapter failed due to a very poor design . The L-shaped plug from the adapter into the scale base protrudes below the bottom of the scale rather than being properly made to fit in the recess in the base . That means the whole time the adapter it is plugged into the base , the cord is bent at a 90-degree angle underneath it , and in a short period of time it WILL break . There is no way to position the plug-in connector so it does not protrude from the bottom , due to its faulty elbow design -LRB- instead of a straight plug-in which would be protected by the recess . -RRB- So I am stuck going through 9V batteries to use the scale . I guess they got a great deal on a batch of ill-fitting transformers and decided who cares about quality and functionality . Get the scale if you do n't mind running 100 % on batteries after a short time .
 I have had very poor service with this product . Bought one about 2 years ago and had problems off and on . Decided to give it another try and bought a new one in Jan. of this year . Could weigh 1 package and then it would never zero out and let me weigh another one . Thought it was just a lemon , so took it back to Sams and exchanged it for another one . Got it home , and could never get it to weigh even 1 package . Remote would finally go to zeros , but then when I placed a package on the scale , it would never weigh it.Finally gave up and ordered another kind today and will take this one back and get my money back .
 Sometimes it works , and sometimes you have to try many times to get a weight . Accurate when it works . 9v battery receptacle wo n't release battery and is falling apart -- wish it took AA batteries . Concept good -- I like the remote , but just plain frustrating to use , if it decides to work that day . Digital remote works about a foot from the platform -- also constantly have to reset the scale to get it to read . I am now looking for a better choice of scale -- one that works and zeroes faster than 2 minutes -- when it works .
 I bought this scale from Sams . Apparently there are two versions , the scale version that matches the instructions , and the version that does n't match the instructions . I apparently got the latter of the two.The on/off switch does n't work . So I can not turn the scale on . I 'll have to go and exchange this . That being said , the lack of useful documentation only confuses the issue more . Royal should have some quality control , since they do n't pay me to do it for them .
 Book says 15 ' wireless range ... I was getting about 12 to 15 inches.Royal says it 's probably other `` noise '' in the area . I took it out in the middle of my field ... the maximum range was 18 inches.Scale is not consistent and often will not register when a package is sat on it . It will remain all zeros until you pick up the package , then it will flash numbers and go back to zero . If you persist , it will eventually give you a weight ... but should you trust it ?
 I was excited to receive this scale expecially since the display was wireless , I thought this will make my daily shipping jobs easier ... It turened out , this is just a badly desinged product . First , for you to weigh anything you have flip the scale upside down and turn the swich on which is located on the bottom of the scale . This is such a hussle . There should be just a simple `` reachable '' button to press to turn the scale on , but that is not the case . On top of that there is no indicator light to tell you if the `` base '' is on or not . When I put a box on top of it , the `` wireless '' display just stayed at `` 0.00 lb '' . Did not work for me ... Plus the wireless display is battery powered so you will have to continue to replace the battery . Not worth the price .
 I used this scale fewer than three dozen times . Nevertheless the remote display stopped working . This is my second consecutive Royal scale that has ceased functioning with very light usage . Royal has near-useless Indian customer support . -LRB- It 's Royal 's fault , not that of the pleasant Indian employees . -RRB- The company does n't even provide an email address on its web site for consumer communications . It 's no wonder that the company is dogmatic about enforcing its warranty time limit . Unreliable products and poor customer service do not a positive review maketh.Update
 Well what can I say ? I do n't know about anyone else but when I purchase a Graphing Calculator which will be used for an average of 6 hours per day , I want something that not only performs which this SLIM admittedly does , but is also attractive and feels solid and good in the hand . This SLIM is not configured like the typical calculator but rather like a smart phone with its unattractive CLAM SHELL design . This characteristic is a tremendous turn off to me . This thing , the the SLIM is an ugly silver design and is susceptible to breaking at its hinges . It 's almost like purchasing a pistol . Yes you not only want a conventional design that shoots well but one that catches your eye along with its overall attractiveness . They make absolutely no sense what so ever this company in regard to the decision of discontinuing an outstanding performing and beautiful graphing calculator like the FX-9860G SD . Meanwhile they still have models that were designed prior to the FX-9860G SD still being manufactured . The FX-9860G SD was a solid and well made graphing calculator which has been replaced by this ugly thing , the SLIM . All CASIO had to do was add a light to the FX-9860G SD . There is nothing more a SLIM offers over the FX-9860G SD other than the light . The screen is a hair larger and as I said a moment ago , it has a light . Whoever the genius was that made such a decision should be fired ! It 's as simple as that .
 Be wary . Our expandable set of these phones worked fine , generally , for several months . The reception was `` tinny '' , but not so much that we had a real problem with it . However , the echo got worse and worse , until we could no longer hear or be heard . After trying a different phone cord and trying the phone in a neighbor 's house to see if we could identify the problem , we determined the phones are simply trash . More electronics in the landfills , alas . Phones should last many , many years , not many , many weeks.Noting the positive reviews below , I will point out that I would probably have left a positive review if I had written one immediately after purchasing the phone . A review written after using a product for some time is , perhaps , more valuable than one written during the honeymoon phase of ownership .
 I was very pleased with this phone system for about 6 months . I even liked it enough that I was planning to buy more handsets and make this the primary phone system in our house . It 's a good thing I waited . Both handsets suddenly stopped transmitting voice or key presses - you could hear a dial tone , but could not dial the phone . Also , you could answer the phone and hear the caller speaking , but they could not hear you.We tried disconnecting the system overnight and re-connecting it , and it worked perfectly again ... for about 1 day .
 Our phone system came with 2 handsets . I bought this phone based on very positive experiences from owning GE phones during my college years -LRB- ~ 20 years ago -RRB- . It has some nice features on each handset such as speakerphone and caller ID.The problem I had with each phone is the poor quality battery . The phones are just over a year old and batteries in one of the handsets is not holding the charge for more than 10 minutes of talk time . Of course the warranty is 12 months.The phone 's fit and finish is much poorer on this phone than the GE phones during my college years . One of my friends told me that Thompson bought GE 's consumer electronics about 10 years ago and reduced their quality standards .
 I would love to return this item but it is too late.Everything works fine with this phone , but the problem is its annoying answering system ! The lady 's voice kills me ! And it is extremely repetitive ! Get to the point lady ! I wish I could just hit a button and hear my new messages , not be told 15 times that I 'm listening to `` New - Message - One '' etc. .
 I bought this phone for my Mother who is 86 and very hard of hearing ... this is probably the worst phone we have ever tried for her ... she could not hear my voice ... and she sounded like she was about a million miles way . . the sound quality is absolutely terrible . I returned this phone immediately . Believe it or not ... she went to the local CVS store and bought one of their phones for about 30 bucks ... and it sounds much better than this Clarity one did . I will not consider Clarity products any time soon . . very over rated and way too expensive
 I would not buy any Clarity products after this phone . I bought it for my husband who is hard of hearing . But he ca n't use it and hates it because the sound echoes his voice , other voices are tinny -LRB- no matter how you adjust the settings -RRB- . The features on this phone are lacking . What you find on $ 15 phones , like memory dial , caller ID , are buried in the menus so it is very complex to get them out . This phone can not dial a number from memory while you are on the phone , with our phone company voicemail you dial one number then are asked for a code which I typically program into memory and press the memory number . This phone does not have that capability and you must remember the number and dial it in yourself.The LCD screen is hard to see and for caller ID , rather than the caller 's number being displayed , you must enter into a separate `` mode '' and scroll through other modes to get to the caller ID section.I paid $ 257 for this phone , now the price is much lower . The Clarity techs tried to tell me this was because it was on sale but their other phones did not go down in price . I think they know this phone is a loser although they did nothing to help me with a return or exchange and retained an arrogant attitude.I will STAY AWAY FROM CLARITY PRODUCTS !
 I live in a small community and purchased this phone locally - fortunately - because it is going right back . I have a long-standing severe hearing loss across the board , approaching profound in the higher frequencies . I have been using an older Western Electric desk phone with an amplified AT&T G6 handset for many years , and it 's served me well , but it has a loose connection and I thought I should replace it . This Clarity phone has the worst sound quality of any phone I 've ever tried , amplified or not amplified . As others here have stated , it has a hollow , echo quality which made it impossible , for me personally , to understand the person with whom I was conversing , no matter which settings I used .
 I have moderate hearing loss and use hearing aids . Just bought this phone thinking it would be an improvement over the external phone amplifiers that go between the phone and the handset . The thing is a joke . It is not very loud , in spite of the `` warning '' pasted on the side , and speech is absolutely unintelligible on all three tone settings . I can hear better with a regular phone without the external amplifier . Avoid this phone .
 Bought this phone for it 's amplification for a hard of hearing person . It is great in that respect but there is significant hiss in the background no matter where it 's plugged in in the house . No other phone has this issue so I think it 's the phone . My hearing is ok so I find it very annoying and do n't use the phone . The tone change button does not appear to make any difference in tone that I can hear .
 I am moderately hearing impaired and frequently have difficulty hearing on the telepone . This Clarity phone seemed perfect for me , especially since it was supposed to work well with hearing aid tele-coils . It 's okay , but the sound is n't as clear as I 'd hoped , particularly the sound `` boost '' button . It 's loud enough , just not clear enough . However , everyon ' e hearing loss is different , and what does n't work for me may work well for someone else . It 's worth giving it a try . -LRB- I kept the phone , because it 's my best option at the present time . -RRB-
 I 'm on conf calls a lot for work and bought this phone for use from home . 60-70 % of the time , the call is crystal clear . But 30-40 % , the static is so overwhelming I can barely hear a thing and the guys on the other end of the line complain loudly . Stay away ...
 Aesthetically , the colors on the pad are different than the picture , all green/dark green and not very appealing.As for physical use of it , there are no rounded edges , so after about an hour using it , my arm is tender from it grating against my skin.I would encourage you to buy a different one .
 Otherwise I probably would have mistaken it for packing . This product is made of flimsy white plastic that looks like it was hand cut with scissors -LRB- edges extremely uneven -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !! Instead , fork out an additional few bucks and get a legit spice drawer organizer . This one is probably worth $ 0.17 .
 I do n't think I 'd be as frustrated if I had n't paid $ 50 + for a peace of metal and plastic . My main compliant is that even though they claim this is adjustable , you can only adjust and then re-lock the height . As far as I can tell , you can not lock down the tilt angle . I am at a corner desk and for my set up I my feet are a tad bit high on the the foot rest and so I have to flex my feet and even my core to not push the top down . Therefore , I find myself often not even using this $ 50 piece of plastic.With that being said . I can see how this would probably work for some people , especially if they have a really deep desk with tons of leg space . I do love the wide , non-skid surface . ** Update
 The bottom assembly of this product is entirely metal , but the top -LRB- the part you put your feet on -RRB- is plastic . After about a year , the plastic split down the middle from the pressure of having my feet on it all day . I reinforced the thing -LRB- with metal struts and screws -RRB- , but it 's rather sad I had to go that far .
 This map arrived today and when I opened it I wondered where the REST of the map was . San Diego is a huge city and this map shows only the tiniest portion of it . Details are difficult to see . If you need to go beyond the east side of Balboa Park you are out of luck .
 POOR QUALITY PLASTIC PHONE . NOT WORTH TO BUY . REQUIRES AC CONNECTION TO OPERATE THE CALLER ID .
 No one can hear me when I try to use the speaker phone . Conferencing the two lines together -LRB- which was one of the reasons I bought the phone -RRB- is impossible due to a lot of buzzing . If the phone worked as advertised , it would n't be bad .
 My main complaint is that these are not very tall so in cases where the bottom of the door is significantly higher the floor , these do not work .
 The unit took about a month to be delivered from Seiko . After using it for several months I have found that it does not even have common words and phrases . It would be of no help to try to use it in a Spanish speaking country .
 Disappointed with the lack of words . Every 3rd or 4th word I looked up was not in the dictionary .
 The first word I typed in to translate was `` cat '' . Hmmm ... it 's not in the dictionary . That about says it all .
 I bought this because of the conjugation feature , the price and the amazing reference to `` over 800,000 translations '' . The conjugation feature is the only thing that keeps me from tossing it in the trash bin . The vocabulary is extraordinarily limited . The huge number of translations can be explained by the fact that each verb is conjugated at least 16 different ways for each of 11 different `` persons '' , not including the infinitive . So a single verb knocks out at least 177 of your 800,000 translations . The keys are hypersensitive , so it 's far too easy to enter typos and time consuming to go back and retype . I would not buy another one and believe it would be virtually useless in country .
 vocabulary is so limited !!! not even helpful for a beginner
 Bought this unit for it 's portability , price , and functionality -LRB- dictionary and phrases -RRB- . However , not many usable phrases , and the LCD failed after only a few usages . Also , the warranty card indicates that it will need to be mailed back to Japan for warranty repair !
 This translater is great because it is accurate and very compact . This was actually the second one I had bought . Unfortunately there seems to be a problem with the LCD component , as that failed in both of my units .
 Do n't waste your money on this one folks . I bought this as a birthday gift for my mother and it 's very defective . The LCD display has two large non functional strips in it , rendering it useless . This occured after only one day of light use . Seiko wants to charge us for the shipping there and back to replace it , which to Japan is pretty pricey .
 I also purchased this item from a local store and we could not read it . The words were broken up . We purchased a new battery thinking it was low and got the same exact results . We returned the item to the store but purchased another online thinking the first one was just defective . We were wrong , the second one was EXACTLY the same . My son needed one for school so I finally bought the Franklin Spelling Ace and it is awesome .
 I had to return two units because the display was missing lines!I canceled my order . I would rate this item `` 0 '' star , but you did n't offer this option .
 the pocket thesaurus was in good shape on first glance . as i went to set it up , i found that the screen wasnt working properly .
 The title says it all . My first experience with this model was when I was gifted with it . After a few weeks of service the LCD Display failed . I then ordered a new one through Amazon.com . Again , after a short period of use the LCD Display failed on the new one . -- Dennis --
 I do n't know where these people get off calling this a pencil ! A pencil has to be SHARPENED . This so-called `` pencil '' ca n't be sharpened , the `` lead '' just comes out automatically . I do n't what this world is coming to , first you have computers and now THIS !
 Okay ... so what do you do when they DO N'T write , right out of the package ? I bought my son a set of 3 from walgreens ... only one of them worked . At least when a pencil breaks you can sharpen it ... or with a mechanical pencil you can advance the lead . When these do n't work they just do n't WORK . Two out of three went into the trash .
 This notebook has a sleek design and a nice paper quality . However the pages are weakly perforated , causing the pages to fall out very easily . Quite a nuisance .
 I choose a 1 Star because the item I ordered was a Poly cover and the item received was a Hard Cover.The Poly Cover is the perfect Binder as it is thin and flexible and easy to use . The Hard Cover is cumbersome and too heavy and not easy to use .
 Probably a decent product , but not what I was looking for . I ca n't seem to find the hard back Black n ' Red , Twin wire notebook that is quad ruled . Anywhere ! Bummer
 The wire binding the pages together has a large gap in the center , with the gap placed inward , toward the pages so that the pages are constantly coming out of the wire binding . Whoever designed this thing was a moron .
 I usually buy a red OR black , hard cover , Twin Wire , 192 page , similar dimension notebook from Staples for about the same price , but it has a MUCH DESIRED elastic strap to keep the notebook closed in a backpack -- or keep turned open to a specific page.This item DOES NOT have an elastic strap as indicated in another review. : sigh : Had I known this certainly beforehand I would not have purchased it . For those who are interested it can lay flat -- either splayed both hard covers on one flat surface , or hard cover folded under thanks largely to the Twin Wire.I shall not buy another one .
 I went to Staples to purchase a notebook because I was about to begin grad school . My intent was to purchase a Mead Cambridge notebook , but none were present . So I got 2 of these and it turned out to be a bad mistake . The back cover came off within a week because the `` wire-bound '' leaves a gap that is big enough for the back cover to fall off . So that fell off and I said fine . Later on , the front cover fell off -LRB- through the same gap -RRB- . So now I have a notebook with no cover and the pages are beginning to tear at the punctured linings because the intent of this notebook is to have a clean rip of pages , which now works against my purpose -LRB- because I have no covers , remember ? -RRB- . So any kind of friction on the pages when I put it into/outOf my backpack deteriorates the integrity of my precious notes ! Anyways , so the semester is almost over and I am so DEMOTIVATED to study because these stupid notebooks are falling apart on me . Lesson learned
 I bought three of the black and red notebooks after seeing them at staples . The poly spiral cover and the smaller a5 version of this book are great . The paper is smooth and I can use fountain pen with easy . This notebook , however , had a rougher paper , which was still smooth about the texture of copy paper , and was not fountain pen friendly . While the fountain pen did not competely fail on this notebook the ink feathered and there was some see through on the next page . In addition to this there was also a tiny bit of bleed through from where I had pressed `` hard '' . I tested the paper that was in the other two notebook I order and they were a joy to write on espically with fountain pen . I do not know if this book was a `` bad '' one or if the entire line of notebook this size is faulty . It seems that the version I got was just a bad egg because other reviewers say the lines are light grey . In my a4 notebook they are a very dark grey but in the other two notebooks that I order the lines are a light grey and have wonderful paper . I will not order this version offline again because I can not be sure of the quality I will be getting .
 I bought these for labeling DVDs . While the labels are very thick , they do not completely mask the printing underneath.Also , after labeling a bunch of DVDRs , I had trouble with read errors , stutters and freezes . At first , I attributed it to bad DVDRs or scratched discs , but it was happening on almost every disc . As a last resort , I scrubbed one label off with a brillo pad . There was still residue on the disc , but the read errors were gone.So , unless the three different DVD players I tried them on are unusually finicky , I would n't recommend these labels for DVDs .
 the older labels work great the newer ones are great for cd but not dvd freezes and comes up with error codes on three players.real drag because i found out after labeling a large amount of dvd 's . like other review took a couple labels off dvd plays fine , bummer.labels looked great .
 Could not get these to print properly on my Deskjet 3847 . When I printed on a regular piece of paper they came out perfect , but with the vellum paper it prints above the top margin . I think the vellum is too slippery for the rollers .
 I Ordered This Item Because I Was In Need Of A Mouse Pad For My Desk , When It First Arrived , It Was Darker Than The One In The Picture , And I Noticed That There Was Some Peeling At The Edges . At First It Was n't A Big Deal , And I Decided To Use It Anyway , But After Two Days It Had Peeled All Around The Edges From Normal Use , And I Was Left With The Base Of The Mouse Pad Being Barely Covered By The Flimsy Fabric . It 's Been A Week Now , And The Fabric Had Peeled Completely Off , So Now I 'm Left With A Black Foam Square That I Paid Three Dollars For .
 Now that the mousepad is USED after only about two weeks , simply delaminated and was garbage . Not useful . Can not buy another one like this . It is too unacceptable in terms of durability ! Bad Kitty !
 Although the color and the light weight of this mouse pad are fine , it does not adhere , or &#34; grip &#34; the desk as it should , so the slightest movement against it will dislodge it from whatever position it has been put in . Had I known this I would not have ordered it . This is not a normal mouse pad , and I am surprised the manufacturer thinks that it is acceptable &#34; as is . &#34;
 Needed a cheap mouse pad for the kids and this did the trick . It does tend to slip around way to easily though because it 's small and so light weight . If you use your mouse at all , investing in a larger and heavier mouse pad will save you headaches .
 It 's the cheapest pad I found , but it is almost useless to me . The bottom is not the proper type of rubber so it does not `` stick '' to the surface -LRB- I tried on my wood desk and on laminate surface -RRB- . So when you try to move the mouse the pad moves along . I tried later on glass and it sticks a little better to glass , so if you have a glass desk , then it might work . It also not entirely flat -LRB- it was bent when I took it out of the package , I bent it back to get it flat but all I managed was to bend it the other way -RRB- . So , not really useful to me .
 ALL it is , is a rectangle of styrofoam . I kid you not . COMPLETE Garbage . I could have MADE this myself ...
 I would strongly not recommend this pad . It is way too light to stay in one place on a desk . The bottom does not grip either .
 I bought this mouse pad thinking that all mouse pads were the same . Well , I was wrong . This pad does not have a `` no slip '' side , and when you move the mouse on top of it , the pad slides on top of the surface as well . Save your money and buy something with a little more quality .
 Very bad , had hole in it and mouse barley moves on it i guess you get what you pay for
 This is a decent mousepad for the price but after 4 weeks or so of owning it the cloth cover came off leaving me with a sticky black square of rubber . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 Very cheap mouse pads , ok , but not something I would purchase again . kind of like a black cardboard for the mouse : -RRB-
 The mouse surface is nice , but this mouse pad is virtually unusable because it slips around on the desk . Most mouse pads have a rubberized or slightly tacky bottom , but not these . You end up holding your wrist down hard to keep the pad in place while you move the mouse around . Not comfortable . Also , the mouse pad is warped up slightly , so every edge is off the desk.Fortunately they were inexpensive -- so inexpensive that it would cost more to send them back than the refund I would get .
 the adhesive side of the velcro thingus UN adhesiviated from the car wher i had stuck it and was dangling by a spider web strand when i checked it . ALSO the new fat kind of key did not fit into it so good .
 I followed directions and put it under my car . I got an email to review the product a few weeks later and thought to look to make sure it was still there . . The key pouch fell off and was laying on the ground under the car ... Good thing I looked . The product is a POS .
 Most of his material on this show seems to be a quagmire of plagiarized stuff `` borrowed '' from acts like Robin Williams -LRB- Middle east / Iraq War etc. . , Cedric the entertainer , -LRB- Black people ruuun / orginal kings of comedy -RRB- , Steve Harvey -LRB- original kings of comedy , Elian joke -RRB- and ironically . . from his OWN stuff!There is nothing new or fresh that this show offers , albeit more of ` Whitey ' bashing , some 7-eleven habib jokes , indo-pak nuke , DC sniper was black etc etc. . . DL - you were the ` ORIGINAL ' king of comedy , man . underline original .
 I keep thinking that D.L. would get funnier but he never does . I regret buying this album because he is not as funny as he was in Kings of Comedy . I suggest you buy this only if you do n't have a sense of humor .
 I had expectations of a reliable source for spanish translations but did not find such a device when I purchased this one . It is best used as a straight-forward bilingual dictionary . That makes it a very expensive dictionary . The text translation feature with which one is supposedly able to type any sentence and have it translated often spits out incomprehensible or grammatically nonsensical garbage . If you have no or little understanding of the intended language , I do n't think this device will benefit you much . Perhaps similar devices that are even more expensive are better , but when does one stop spending money on technology and just enroll in a local language course ? Even the Rosetta Stone would be less expensive than some of this technology that is n't even that great . As for convenience , I hardly find it convenient to cross reference my device with text books due to its unreliable translations . All in all , it 's a gadget . It 's cool to have in some ways , but not the most practical purchase I 've ever made . If I were a student who is pinched for money , I 'd feel comfortable skipping this purchase .
 The speakerphone squeals when it 's on . I tried to make some obvious adjustments , but I hated to subject my friend to such torture , so I sent it back .
 The arch holding the cable is slightly too big , so it does not hug the cable to the wall , you can not keep the cable as a straight line going up and down the wall or door frames . At some places I needed to use more clips to hold the cable in somewhat a straighter line , but the clips are bulky and ugly . The old fashion cheap U shape wire nails are much better . Too late for me , I have these ugly things on my walls , if I replace them , I end up with many tiny ugly holes , after a couple weeks , I am used to them and I do n't see them anymore.If the goal is to make cable invisible , neatly hug the edges of the wall , these are no good .
 I should have returned these , but I forgot to do so in time . I bought a RG6 cable and these were loose and did n't hold the cable tight . And since it has a plastic end , there is nothing you can do to make them tight . I went to Menards and bought a different brand of the same size and they fit perfect .
 this product is so useless . the nail is so short that it wont even go into your wall . wish I can return this trash .
 These clips are much too small . I read in a review that they could n't hold an ethernet cable but I figured my coaxle cable was smaller so they should work , wrong ! It barely goes around it and I wanted it for my speaker wire at the same time . Good thing I only spent $ 4 or I would really be upset .
 What a great price for 100 RG6 cable clips ! That 's what I thought . Naturally I checked the item description carefully , to be certain they were what they said they were . Sure enough , the description indicated the clips were 1.2 '' by 1.2 '' , just the size I 'd expect for RG6 cable clips . But what I received was not what was described . Sure , the package had `` RG6 cable clips '' printed on it . But the clips were obviously too small for RG6 . They measure 0.75 `` x0 .75 '' , just the right size for RG59 . Useless . I have plenty of RG59 cable clips - no one uses RG59 any more ! So now I have a hundred more . I thought about returning them , but only until I got to the page that said `` you must pay for return shipping '' . Then I decided it would be better to take my lumps and utilize my time writing this review to warn future prospective buyers that THESE ARE NOT RG6 CABLE CLIPS !
 These clips have very short nails . They barely work . I could not recommend this product . If the product had longer nails , I would recommend . But because of the short nails , it 's hard to hold while nailing and they do n't stay in in the wall .
 Fast delivery . The size for the clip printed 10 MM on the label . Sure it is 10 MM which is too large to hold the RG6 cable . Even I tried to squeeze the clip , it was still too large to hold RG6 cable . RG6 cable line was very loose after I installed the clips . Wasted my time to remove all the clips . Do n't know why this get good review !!!
 Clips should be 6-7 mm and these are 10 - too loose to hold the RG-6 . Seller shipped same 10mm clips in exchange , I 'm giving up , not worth my time . Would be zero stars if I could .
 The clips I received are larger than the RG6 quad shield cable I am using . If you are expecting to secure the cable tightly to framing members these clips wo n't do it . The cable will slide in the clip so these are more like guides than clips . I 'll use these for most of my runs but will get some smaller ones to use in critical locations . If I would have known they were this large I would not have purchased .
 Did not fit any of my RG6 cables without damaging them . Clips did not come high enough to cover the cable . The nail is very short as well which can sometimes be a pain to get to it to stay . It wasnt a total waste of a buy because i was able to find another use for much small cables but did not fit any RG6 cables as specified .
 They are too small for the TV cable . Likely these are for RG59 and perhaps good use for household wires . The plastic is offwhite , opac and look fragile . Not easy to return like buying products processed by Amazon ? . This was a mistake ordering it ...
 After selecting a CAT5e cable these cable clips were suggested as `` Frequently bought together '' . On that recommendation these were ordered . But when they arrived it was obvious that the clip was far to large to securely hold the cable that it was matched with on the website . You could easily fit 4 cables into each clip . More suitable for large co-ax cable .
 i hate these things . there is not enough nail to hold without smashing your finger or becoming irate . they suck .
 Do n't buy these from Amazon . They rip you off.I looked at the price they have listed , it was about $ 7 , then I looked at the prices they had listed from other retailers , -LRB- which is a cool feature -RRB- all of them some combination of cheap price -LRB- $ 2 -RRB- with high shipping -LRB- $ 6 -RRB- or vice versa . I figured , `` I 'm already buying cable which is of course why i am looking for clips . Might as well . '' And went to check out since they were advertising free shipping on purchases over $ 20 . Finding the shipping for a single item was really hard . Maybe I just missed it , but I had to add each item on it 's own to see what the shipping would cost , which is weird since everything comes from different places . Shipping came to $ 8 for a bag of these . For that amount you can get 2 bags from the other guys .
 Having traded off my old boat for a new one , was wanting to swap coordinates form my old GPS -LRB- Lowrance -RRB- to my new one -LRB- Raymarine -RRB- . Called Navionics ... they said this software package would do the trick . First , the instuctions are primevil . None of the task bar buttons match the buttons as described in the manual . The Swap was unsuccesful after multiple attemps.OOOWWWWW!When inputting waypoints , you have to input Lattitude in the Longitude dialog box , and Longitude in the Lattitude Box ... ReallyReally . Took awhile to figure that one out ... How stupid is that ??? Obviously this program is `` aftermarket '' and was never De-bugged . After spending a couple of hours re-inputting , my favorite spots -LRB- a chore in its ownright in that I had to rediscover where I got some of the fishing spots -RRB- , when going to save all of my data points , the program had a `` crash '' shutdown ... Experimenting with only a few data bits , this `` crash '' shutdown was a recurring theme when going to save waypoints ... My issue was this ... my first storage card was akin to a Sony Prostick card ... the raymarine a compact Flash card ... I should have been able to download the Pro Stick Card to Navplanner ; and then re-upload to my CF Card ... Boy am I gullibe ! That 'll never happen with this incredibly primitive program ... reminds me of the old 286 Tandy Computer Programs stick type figures in computer games back then . Everybody uses Navionics in their GPS 's and this should be a common issue when everyone trades boats off from time to time ... I feel that these Navionics thugs took me for 125 bucks ... They should not have rushed this peice of junk to market without trialing it ... or even putting in `` real '' operating instructions that might even match the task bar buttons ... in the package . It really is that bad ... Sorry ... whish I could have been more positive ...
 after very little use BUTTONS STICK and SPEARKER IS WAYYY TO LOW
 First the good . The arms flip up and you can move close to your desk.The bad . Where to begin ? The padding is so compressed and firm , it feels like you 're sitting on a bench . The chair also has a `` tipped forward '' feel when locked upright , and unlocked , you flop back because the tilt tension spring is so weak . The chair back is quite vertical and the most ` padding ' is at shoulder level , so you either feel pitched forward , or if you lean back , you get lower back pain quickly due to no lower back support at all . The fabric , while feeling substantial , has raised embroidery and with short sleeves , the arms are not comfortable at all . The mechanical parts are the exact same as on a 100 $ cheapie chair , so the extra cost of this chair seems to be in the rotating arm feature , and the uncomfortable fabric . Will it last ? I 'm waiting for a RMA so I ca n't say.If you 're looking for a comfortable home office chair that you can sit in for 8 hours a day , the OFM 550 a chair to avoid !
 Missing cable and power supply . Hard to testify to quality when there 's not enough there to work . Save your money . Wish I had .
 These grips were on my daughter 's school supply list provided by her teacher . The idea is to promote proper pencil holding technique while writing . Unfortunately the pencil would keep getting pushed back out whenever she was writing . She would be forced to stop and pull the pencil back out several times . So now we are stuck with a bag full of grips we can not use .
 I purchased this tool to help me in a Spanish class . The display is hard to read and there are no special characters . Overall it was a poorly designed piece of electonics .
 This translator works very well in conjugating Spanish verbs . However ; on Spanish to English it falls short . Its vocabulary for nouns and verb participals is not much better than much smaller and less costly devices .
 Do n't buy it . I am now on my second machine within the same year and have to return it also . The sidetone sounds like you are talking through a tin can . The second one I have includes distortion and it keeps cutting out . I suggest you look to a different manufacturer .
 This phone is terrible . It advertizes itself as a 900 MHz , but really has no more range than your typical phone with a cord . It randomly hangs up on people , and the distortion is sometimes so bad that it is unusable . NOT a good buy .
 This phone stinks . When someone leaves a message , they need to talk loud into the phone so the answering machine can hear . Otherwise you get messages with alot of silence and cut offs . 2nd the phone just decides after a phone call to not work when you want to make another call . I already replaced battery and thats not the problem . The best place for this phone is in the garbage . Shopping for a new one right now . I suggest you move on to another manufacturer .
 I have had this phone for about 1 year . It is the worst phone I have owned . The answering machine seems to randomly cut off parts of messages . The buttons work sometimes -- if you press them hard enough ! If the handset gets bumped lightly it will cause the battery to lose contact and then the phone wo n't work until it has been returned to the base . A BIG waste of money !!!
 I purchased this phone a year ago . The answering machine has never worked well . It randomly cuts off messages and blanks out in the middle of messages . I 'm so disappointed , unfortunately I did not keep my receipt ! Lesson learned !
 The item was described as black but arrived tan . The dimensions were only for the base itself not including hardware so it did not fit ... I am now trying to make it work with another base as we painted the item black before noticing that it would not fit with the new dimension . Talk about a waste of time and money ...
 This phone is a bad product . We have had this phone for 3 months and the light on the phone does n't work now . You ca n't even hear the person on the other line . This phone is garbage for 40.00 . joan smithchicago
 We were not pleased with our purchase . It was the phone we were looking for , but the phones appear to have been refurbished . They were not the quality we were expecting .
 Every Bell product I ever had was poor quality and did not last long . I should have known not to buy this . The quality is beyond poor . The phone is about 6 months old and I can only have a 1 minute conversation before I can no longer hear the other person .
 Worst phone ever . I kept it for 2 weeks before i threw it away . i didnt return it because i couldnt bare the thought of another person having to use this phone . Stay Away !!!!!!
 The connection to battery is lost so very often without any apparent reason , bringing the presentation to a complete halt . I fiddle with the battery compartment , occasionally succeeding in bringing the remote back to life . More often , however , I have to go back to the keyborad . When the connection is okay , the remote works fine . These episodes are not many , though !
 The mouse movement button is set below the level of the slide-show buttons , making it inconvenient to operate . Mouse movement is both slow and inprecise , regardless of how I adjust the computer 's mouse settings . The device does not fit well in the hand , and becomes uncomfortable with long-term use . I have an older Interlink Remote Point that I really like and was hoping to get something similar . This device it not it . -LRB- My employer bought it through another vendor , not Amazon . -RRB-
 They rusted within a week , so the ` spring ' does not work right , thus they dont line up as they should . So that in adittion to the lack of magnetic stregnth means they dont hold the door open in anything more than a light breeze.A HUGE dissapointment after reading the other good reviews.I even tried two on one door , still no good.A VERY disapointing purchase , my worst buy yet .
 I bought this product to make SKYPE phone calls . It sure does its job well with SKYPE . However , using the phone for just a regular landline phone call has been unsuccessful . It turns out that the quality of the sound is garbled and unclear even when the volume is turned all the way up . I believe it is a defect and GE should address this problem . If you are using this product for SKYPE primarily , it is a good buy . Definitely not for the regular landline use .
 The fact that this item is not a stand-alone product was not disclosed . It will not operate unless you purchase a compatible Base unit such as the GE 28300EE2 . So - disappointed when I eventually opened the box -LRB- past the return deadline -RRB- . Reminded of my disappointment when I found it in my garage a year later ... unused .
 Difficulties setting up with Windows Vista and server . Updates from Windows disabled the phone software , now does n't communicate with Skype .
 I agree with the others . When speaking on skype its fine however with the landline people tell me I sound low , garbled , slurring and so on . I would not reccomend this phone for landline calls
 On May 28 , 2010 I ordered Quality Park Corrugated Cardboard die-cut folded Mailing box 8.75 x 11.25 x 4 inches , white , 12 boxes -LRB- 74101 -RRB- sold by Shoplet . This order was deleivered within the shipping window however when it arrived the package contained only one box . I contacted the seller and they claimed the listing was incorrect . This listing has never been changed and as of 06/10/10 still shows 12 boxes for $ 10.32 including shipping . The seller issued a complete refund . they then complained that the rating I had given them was overly harsh . I checked the existing reviews and found that I was not the first person to be lured by false and misleading information . a refund does not compensate for allowing a false listing to continue to be featured on Amazon . I would think it would be in the best interests of Amazon.com to remove this seller form their listings .
 This is really sleezy selling . A supposedly list price of $ 64.99 for ONE BOX ??? Then `` discounting '' to $ 4.97 ? For ONE BOX ? Amazing if this does n't violate Amazon guidelines -- not the price per se , but the duplicity . NO ONE would think they meant $ 65 for one cardboard box .
 ONE CARDBOARD box ... for EIGHT dollars?I expected 3 or 4 boxes for that price - not 1maybe it 's a typo ?
 I recently bought a new Celestron Nexstar 4SE telescope and this eyepiece accessory kit . Much to my disappointment , the eyepieces in this kit did not fit very well into the eyepiece holder of the telescope , and when cold -LRB- nights in Colorado are 25-45F -RRB- , the eyepieces did not fit at all.Celestron customer service was horrible and did not pay attention to my problem and did not follow up by email as promised . When I called a second time , they had no clue about the construction of the eyepieces and no thoughts about how to fix this problem . Amazon replaced the kit -LRB- Thank you Amazon ! -RRB- , but the replacements did not fit either . I 'm returning that kit too . I finally bought a kit from Meade -LRB- 3 eyepieces and a moon filter -RRB- that fit properly and are very easy to use.To be fair , if these eyepieces fit your telescope then they are a tremendous value -LRB- hence the rating of 2 stars rather than 1 -RRB- . The Meade kit is a worse value , but because they work in my nice new scope , they are the best for anyone using a Nexstar 4SE .
 I purchased this and found a bad 9mm lens . Neither the seller nor Celestron would replace the lens unless I returned the entire set . If one could pass inspection without being found , I figured I better not chance another set with more or a different lens being bad.I just decided to eat the cost of the lens.You 'd think a company that makes lens ' would have some type of inspection process to see if there were any problems but apparently not.There 's really no alternative to buying this , each lens and filter would cost well over $ 500 if purchased separately , so take your chances .
 After reading the reviews a bought the accessory kit . I compared the eyepieces and the barlow with standard inexpensive plossls -LRB- orion , knigth owl , gso -RRB- and the celestron 's optics looked the worst one . I sold the kit after 2 weeks ...
 The first lens out of plastic bag can not be used . Dust blocks light . How dirty can you get ?
 I 'm fairly new to astronomy , but I expected better quality when I purchased this eyepiece kit from Celestron . After reading some of the reviews here , I was convinced that these were going to be some decent eyepieces and filters . This kit may be alright for some , but I found them lacking in quality of fit and build and would not recommend them to anyone who has the desire to use the high-power eyepieces -LRB- 9x , 6x , 4x , etc -RRB- . I bought these because of the low price tag , and for the most part , I regret not just buying one or two better quality eyepieces from Televue . The filters were really `` cheap '' too .
 The kit is overpriced . The 4mm eyepiece that comes with it is completely unusable . The eye relief -LRB- the space between your eye and the eyepiece -RRB- requires you to push your eyeball into the lens . As a matter of fact , nearly all of the eyepieces have horrible eye relief . The one I use most from the kit is the 9mm lens . You have to be pretty close to the opening in order to see anything . All of the eyepieces feel cheap . It seems like they 're made in China - completely out of plastic . A few times , pulling the protective cover off of the 9mm , I felt as if I was going to break it . The barlow suffers from the same problem . It 's cheap . But at least it 's decent . Optically , it 's alright . I could see paying $ 20 for one.The case everything comes in is actually really nice . It 's well built , kind of tough , and has ample space in it . You could easily add a few more eyepieces . Of everything that came with the kit , I plan on holding on to the case for sure . I 'm not sure of why or what I should use the filters for . After some reading of the instructions , I discovered I should use the lunar filter -LRB- it 's blue -RRB- to take a picture of the moon with my cell phone . It cut down on the brightness but gave the moon a slight blue tinge . The picture I took looks like it 's in grey scale . Before , the moon was way too bright to snap a picture of , so I guess that 's one reason to use a filter . I tried out a few more and I do n't think I liked them . I 'm sure some people know how to use them , but I do n't see myself getting much milage out of them for the time being.If I could do it over again , I 'd probably only buy two or three really nice eye pieces . My 6se came with a 25mm . So then I 'd get a 10mm X-Cel eyepiece -LRB- with more eye relief -RRB- , a barlow lens , and maybe a wide field eyepiece from Celestron 's Ultima LX series . An X-Cel 10mm lens costs $ 50 , a better quality barlow will set you back $ 35 . Already , you 'd have a nice set of magnifications with real quality eyepieces that 's 40-50 dollars less than the kit . You 'll get tons more use out of just those two eyepieces -LRB- plus the lens included with your scope -RRB- than you will with the kit . I guarantee it . If you wanted to splurge , you could get a wide view eyepiece for $ 120 . After viewing a few messier objects , I 'm going to want one.In conclusion , skip the kit . Figure out which eyepiece you 'll want by taking the focal length of your scope and dividing it by the eyepiece . For instance , my scope is a Celestron 6se . It 's focal length is 1500mm . So , we find that with the included eyepiece , it has a magnification of 60x . With a 10mm eyepiece , you 'll get 150x . With the barlow , you can get 120x and 300x -LRB- probably pushing it -RRB- . You now have a good range of magnifications to see just about anything in the night 's sky . If you choose to spend a little more and get a wide field lens as well , you 'll be loving life .
 I ordered this knowing full well that Celestron lenses were n't the greatest in the world , but this was still a little disappointing . When using these lenses in my telescope , all of the images were quite blurry , no matter which lens I used . The filters were less than impressive as well . My yellow filter arrived with a very noticeable scratch through the middle that makes it nearly worthless for using with the telescope . Also , the foam insert for my case does not match the one in the description and did not include space to store my own lenses and that was one of the factors for me that lead to my decision to buy this . Buyer beware , this looks like a great deal up front , but the quality of these lenses and filters is quite sub par .
 Several lenses have specks of debris on the inside of the eyepiece . I do n't feel comfortable disassembling the eyepiece to clean then however .
 Bought this kit for a Celestron NextStar 8-inch SC scope . Most of these eyepieces are useless because the Celestron telescopes do n't have the quality optics necessary to take advantage of their power . The most powerful eye piece -LRB- not lens or filter -RRB- would probably only be useful for looking directly at the sun -LRB- it 's soooooo dark -RRB- . I joke , I joke
 As far as quality goes , these magnets are great . I ordered them in October of 2007 -LRB- for various craft projects -RRB- and was coming back for more when the enormous jump in price stopped me in my tracks.What was previously $ 25 is now $ 32 . Maybe rare earth magnets got so rare that they are now almost extinct?and $ 11 for shipping ? These magnets are strong , but heavy they are not . Previously shipping was $ 6.50 and even then it was a little high . Priority mail postage for an item like this costs $ 3.00 at the post-office . Throw it in a box , tape it up , drive to the post office to mail it and maybe I can see the $ 6.50 . But $ 11 ? No way . I will not be ordering from this seller again.If you really really need these specific magnets , buy them , they work great . But you might want to get a second job to pay the jacked up prices .
 While these magnets are superstrong when connected to each other , they hold only two pieces of paper to six layers of magnetic paint -- superexpensive , superovercharged for shipping , & superlate getting to me - ordered 9/5 - guaranteed to be here 9/27 -LRB- ridiculous -RRB- & did n't even arrive until 9/30 ... will not order from this vendor again .
 Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money . Jewel broke off immediately after purchase . It looked nicer in photo .
 I wonder why the manufacturer sells something that obviously is not ready for market . The product is overpriced , difficult to use , and about as accurate as voice-recognition software .
 I bought this from Circuit City today and it 's going back tomorrow . The speaker quality is fair -LRB- not good , but not too bad -RRB- , however the whole unit vibrates and jumps off the desk when you turn it up loud enough to not be right next to it -LRB- i.e. , use it as a speakerphone ! -RRB- . The microphone is TERRIBLE and unusable . It is distorted and too quiet . When you turn up the level on the computer , you get an echo . No wonder the MSRP is $ 50 and everyone -LRB- Circuit City , Amazon , ... -RRB- is trying to get rid of them for $ 20 .
 Do not buy this unit . I have tested the VoSky , IOGEAR and now US Robotics and they are ALL junk . While the speaker quality is acceptable the microphone sound quality is woefully inadequate . I do not understand why no one is capable of developing a hafway decent unit . And why are the SO SMALL !? The are so small as to be practically useless . The IOGEAR unit does not even incorporate mute and volume buttons.Bottom line
 This was on sale really cheap so I decided to get it because it looked neat and I figured it could n't be that bad . As other reviewers have noted , the speaker on it is n't too bad but the microphone is completely unusable and this setup is worse than just using the built-in microphone on my laptop .
 This speakerphone is worthless . It provides no echo cancellation and has a very under powered speaker that produces distortion at moderate volume levels . I returned it .
 The Xbox 360 does not recognize this device.This device is fully functional with the PS3 , but it is very quiet . Too quiet . Unless you 're gaming in silence , this will likely be as unusable to you , as it was with me . I do n't plan on returning it because it was inexpensive and return shipping would cost more than I paid for it.Side note
 This is a USB speakerphone of the worst quality I 've ever seen . The sound quality is bad . My partner can hardly hear what I said . It is not the loudness but the echo . I will not recommend this speakerphone to anyone .
 As a professional photographer , this paper cutter is not of acceptable quality . The blade swoops inward towards the hinge , rendering the entire top six inches of the 15 inch cutting surface unusable . If you want a straight cut , you have to avoid the top half of the cutting surface and attempt to align your page at a 90 degree angle on the lower half . The color and surface of the blade and blade protector also make it very difficult to see precisely where on the page you are making a cut . This was the only paper cutter that seemed decent in its price range , but I 've already packed it back up and affixed a return label . I 'm going to an art store to try out cutters before I make my next -LRB- higher quality -RRB- purchase . If you do n't need super perfect cuts and you do n't mind the distracting wiggle and swoop of the blade every time you bring it down for a slice , this might be okay for you . It 's lightweight and decent for occasional use if you are n't kindof a perfectionist like me . Maybe I just got a particularly lousy specimen , but based on the other reviews I 've read I would recommend going for a more expensive model.The reason I gave it two stars is because it 's okay for the value and does cut a small stack of pages pretty straight , as long as you avoid the aforementioned top six inches of the board ... although then your 15 '' paper cutter is only 9 '' . Oh yeah , and I also got a very painful metal splinter from this cutter ! Be careful if you do buy it !
 This is n't a mouse pad , it is an unbelievably thin piece of plastic.This should probably be called a plastic sign since that is what it feels like , but it should not be called a mouse pad when it has absolutely no padding .
 This memo board is a yucky yellow color and not even close to the picture listed for this item . It is not an ivory color in any way !! However , the ribbon is pink . Quality seems to be lacking a bit as well . The fabric is wrinkled in many areas ... maybe i will try ironing it out .
 I ordered an ivory board and recieved a purple one with flowers on it and half of the flowers were missing . fail .
 Color is much more yellow compared to picture . A lot of fraying of the material around the edges . Pictures hide the color and most of the fraying . It does the job .
 Like the other posters , mine is NOT ivory like the picture . It is tan with even darker tan ribbons . I will say that mine is not frayed like some of the others , but it is being returned anyway due to the color issue .
 I thought this product would remove red eye but it seems like it is nothing more than a green marker . I followed the instructions to touch the red eye but it left a green mark that just rubbed off the picture . If I left the marker on the spot long enough , it just turned the eyes white . Not impressed !!
 I ordered this to remove the `` demon '' eyes of my pet puppy , but IF your pet has green `` demon '' eyes , NOT red then this product does not work for you ! I was very disappointed but realized that any black marker would do the effect I wanted and it did . This product may work on red eyes -LRB- my camera already corrected that -RRB- but if the problem is any other color -- forget it !
 I bought the pen to get the red eye out of 100 Christmas photo cards . It did not work !! It turned the red eyes green ! Tried on several card and did n't work no matter what I did .
 I do n't like really cushy soft seats , so with all the positive reviews I thought I would like this . However , having the contoured seat does NOT take away from feeling like I am sitting on a completely hard , unforgiving surface . Also , if you move your legs wider apart -LRB- to approach a work bench , for example -RRB- your thighs will rest on the protruding edge of the stool which is extremely uncomfortable . Furthermore , another unusual feature of this stool is that it is significantly higher than any other pneumatic chair/stool at the lowest setting . This stool is 21 inches high at the lowest setting , while every other chair/stool I have is between 17 and 18 inches at the lowest setting . This very significant difference is another feature that made this stool completely unusable for me.P.S . I went back and read the description and noticed that it says the lowest height is 201/4 inches . -LRB- That measurement probably applies to the lowest point of the contour . And keep in mind that there is no `` give '' to that 20 inches as there is in a padded seat -RRB- . Hence , this is just a heads up for other people who may not notice that detail and may not expect that a stool could be so significantly higher at the lowest setting than other stools and chairs .
 stool is fine , but missing parts ! i ordered 2 of these , one was fine , the other was missing most of the parts that attach the 2 sections together . so frustrating !!!!!!
 COLORS ARE NOTHING LIKE WHAT IT SHOWS , ORDERED AQUA COLOR AND GOT BRIGHT DEEP GREEN COLOR HAD TO RETURN FOR A DIFFERENT COLOR
 I ordered this stool based on the favorable reviews ... I 'm sure if it was possible to assemble it it would be perfectly adequate . I ordered my first one and was only able to put on 4 of the 5 wheels as there was a chunk of metal filing in the 5th hole . So - ok , human error and all that . So I asked them to send me a new base which they did . I also asked for them to please quality check it as I have a friend who also had this problem and had to borrow a metal file to get the wheel on . The second base had exactly the same problem so now I 'm hoping to just get my money back and pay for a higher quality stool . Its a real shame .
 Love the chair but I slip off it alot . The seat is too slick . I have fallen off on the floor several times .
 This arrived in a damaged box that had obviously been opened and resealed . Upon inspection , the stool appeared to be OK . However , when it was assembled it did n't work . The height adjustment went up but not back down . I could n't get it apart to put back in the original box . It cost me almost $ 26 to have packed into a new box so I could return in . I was told by Amazon that the boxing cost would be refunded . I 'm still waiting for that . To top it all off , the `` YELLOW-GG Vibrant Orange-Yellow '' was no where near the `` yellow '' that shows on the screen . It was an ugly orange . I am not happy with this experience .
 Nice pen when everything works on it . But once I ran out of lead , I could n't refill it . Tried several times but have no clue how it 's done . Love the stylus though .
 The red ink in this pen did not work when it was given as a gift and the black ink soon quit working .
 I was excited when I ordered this pen online -- I thought that I could finally put away my separate pen and pencil . However , I was greatly disappointed when I actually sat down to write with it . I would compare the quality of the ink to that of a Bic ballpoint pen . The ink does n't `` flow '' like a Pilot pen . Maybe the cartridge that came with the pen is a dud . I 'm going to give the pen one more chance by ordering a refill cartridge and seeing if that works better . Who cares if it can write upside down and under water ? I just want it to write decently on dry land .
 I guess it depends on how well you take care of your pen ... . I had if for a few months and it is a bust . The way this works is that there is a label around the pen near the top -LRB- red , black ... -RRB- and when you have the label on the top it will select that pen , stylus , or pencil . The bad thing is that the replacement cartridge is shorter , the pencil only can contain one lead and to refill you can only load one lead by unscrewing the pencil tip -LRB- a step back from the auto feed pencils we are used to now -RRB- The stylus did not really work well on my ipod , ipad , or iphone so it was pretty useless . The black ink has run out with moderate usage in about 3 months and the chambers jams occasionally . So whats the upside . well if you do n't know that by rotating the pen to different positions will access the pen , or pencil , it seems like magic . Now , Like I said earlier I tend to really take it out on my pens so if you handle it with kit gloves it might actually last longer ...
 Clogs appear when writing - quality not goodWeight of the pen is not balanced along both sidesRubber grip is easy to catch dust particles and makes the pen look cheapI would not recommend this pen - go for a cross tech4
 When I received the pens they did not look like the ones in the picture . The picture shows that they have a silver barrel , the ones I received had the same color barrel as the grip .
 I wanted to use this wrest to bend around all of my desktop products . The bendability is solid , but the wire inside the `` foam '' starts slicing through the side of the wrist guard after too many bends . So try and bend it right the first time.Not bad for the price though , you can always find a use for it somwehere . I have it protecting a sharp edge of my desk right now , with a better other wrist guard .
 I 've always bought the HP photo paper whether I needed high gloss , soft , premium , advanced etc. in all sizes . The only one I have n't used is the every day photo paper . I have always had excellent results with excellent color , color balance and clarity until they changed the paper quality sometime in 2011-2012 . Its when the packaging also changed to mostly black in color . I am so disappointed ! Black hair comes out to a blurry reddish-brown ; the natural coloring of lips and skin coloring comes out as a peachy -LRB- unnatural -RRB- color . Adjusting settings only makes it worse ; background colors come off with slight light greenish color at the top on some of the pics . Comparing pics with the old and newer photo paper-its terrible ! I hope that when people read the reviews , that they look at the year they were reviewed . It has taken up to around the fall of 2012 for all the old and better photo paper to get bought out , and now I ca n't find it anymore anywhere . All there is , is the new HP photo paper in the mostly black boxes . Do n't waste your time or money ! I will no longer buy any of the HP photo papers , and now will have to try other photo papers such as Epson to see if I can find something descent ! I wish HP would have left great enough alone . I 'm so disappointed !!!
 For color printing I use HP 's Officejet Pro 7780 -LRB- top of the line ? -RRB- and thought HP 's paper would be a perfect match . Not so . The paper has a yellowish base and all the photographs print way too warm . I was very disappointed and can only use this paper for proofs where color accuracy is of no importance .
 This is NOT HP Premium Plus High Gloss Photo Paper . Instead the package says it is HP Advanced Photo Paper . Instead of being 80 lb , it is 66 lb . I have both and it is not the same quality . The printed part number on the package is Q7852A and someone stuck a label over the product code and stuck another label on to SAY it is HP Q6568A Premium Plus . Not nice .
 The quality of these china markers has dropped a lot compared to what they were . I have been using these for over 30 years and this will be the last time I purchase them . My main complaint is the material the wax is made of . They used to be very smooth to use . Now they feel like there is sand in them and have a terrible drag to them . You can even hear them scratching as you use them . Secondly , they do not tear right after you pull the string to expose the new end . It is a pain to try to get all of the old paper off . The diameter of the wax is smaller than my old ones . It might not be much but it is obvious when you look at them . It is just surprising something so simple could go down so much in quality . It is a case of a company trying to save a few cents at the expense of losing a reputation of quality that takes years to build .
 I was not satisfied with this product because I was expecting to receive zinc screw posts but received black screw posts . The image and product description were misleading . However shipping was quick and efficient .
 I am creating my own portfolio -LRB- for art -RRB- that has a screwpost binding so I needed these screwpost in black I saw the picture were the screwpost were black and I assumed they were black never payed attention to the word zinc ... so I received zinc scewpost ... ok you can say thats my fault ... however the free shipping for ADORAMA was attractive until I was ready to return the screwpost they noted a 8.95 return fee ! I never saw this anywhere Are you serious I politely called to speak to a supervisor , this is not a large item ... they waived the fee and I in return will never order from adorama again , I also wil pay attention to what is written and not just go by the picture .
 The cork board is a decently constructed cork board . However , the board arrived damaged with two holes in it . If you want a cork board that is in good shape with no damage , I suggest you travel to your local office store so you can buy one you can see first .
 It 's like this thing is made out of tissue paper . It got bumped and cracked . Then it bumped again and got a hole in it . Ridiculous .
 This product arrived severely damaged and pretty much unusable . The packaging was flimsy at best and I knew the second I saw it on my porch that it was damaged . Attempting to either get another one shipped undamaged or my money back .
 Just received the board few minutes ago , it was broken . Actually , I bought this board for my 3000 pieces puzzle because i could n't find suitable puzzle frame . It 's big enough , but damaged . It was broken from left side to the middle and ca n't work for my puzzle .
 This was the first and only time I was thoroughly disappointed with a purchase I had made through Amazon . The product is dollar-store quality at best ! It is cheap , plastic , flimsy , and too narrow to keep keys secure when opening the `` secured '' door .
 I 've used BICs before . These seem a little off . When I click to get more lead , the lead seems to free fall out of the pencil .
 Everything was fine except that comes with the wrong ink color ... comes with blue ink even though says it comes with RED ink ...
 Only one height position , top of the stand . The height option is non existant , there is a tension screw adjustment that is so rigid that it is impossible to set and use the monitor at lower height levels . The tilt is also set with a tension screw that will allow for different settings if the tension setting is fully decreased .
 I give products one chance . The screw on the bottom that tightens the up & down tension did not work . Turned it fully tight , and then fully loose , and back again , all with no change in resistance . This is a problem because the vertical adjustment is spring loaded , so my monitor would not lower without popping back to the top . Very good design if you get one that works . -LRB- refunded -RRB-
 After looking at the information listed , I thought this would work for my 16 inch flatscreen TV to use in my trailer . However it did not tilt downward far enough . The company sent it in a huge box , wanted it returned in original packing and would not send a postage paid return label . Amazon had to help me out . If you do not need good downward tilt then this would be a good choice for you .
 I purchased this stand before purchasing my monitor , and it sat in the box for a couple of weeks . When the perfect 23-inch monitor finally arrived , I discovered the stand would n't work properly with it . I could pivot , but as soon as I removed my hand , the monitor became lopsided . As far as height adjustment , I could find no way to lock it in place . As soon as I touch the monitor , it falls down to the bottom of the stand . After fiddling with it for a while , I removed this stand and went back to the one that came with the monitor , which has no height adjustment , tilt or pivot . At some point , I will purchase a 22-inch monitor and try it again , but without being able to lock it to the correct height , I ca n't see it as being very practical .
 The stand is fine for everything except mounting my Samsung 23 '' monitor in the vertical position , which unfortunately is the reason I bought the stand . The mounting holes on the back of the Samsung are not in the center , so the weight of the monitor causes the monitor to rotate on the swivel as there is no locking mechanism to hold the monitor upright . Otherwise , I like the stand .
 The height is spring-operated and adjusted by tightening or loosening a screw . Unfortunately , the adjustment does n't work very well and it always keeps inching higher -- hard on your neck if that is a problem for you.It rotates well enough , though .
 It is over priced for what it does . Pieces that are opened do n't fit well in the cheap holder . You need to pull off all the parts that are opened in the holder and it makes a mess
 We have used this letter opener in the office for 3 weeks . Approximately 1000 letters have gone through this machine . This morning it has stopped working . It no longer cuts the envelopes but bends the edge . I contacted Martin Yale customer service and was told to send it back to them so they can look at it . I asked if a replacement letter opener would be sent in the meantime and was told no . I said that was unacceptable and was told that is the best they could do . I have since emailed the person I purchased this from in hopes of returning it . In my opinion , do not purchase this product .
 The Martin Yale automatic letter opener machine lasted about a month before it broke and stopped working . It certainly is n't very reliable .
 Overall the material is great , but the folders say `` confidential '' on them , which seems inappropriate for a resume . Also , the envelopes say `` do not bend '' in a , for lack of a better term , condescending font . I felt they came across as a bit rude to be handing to an employer.These Southworth envelopes worked great though
 I was happy to find the 5 x 7 photo paper . I had used HP Premium in the past , I did not hesitate to order 2 packages . The Premium Plus rating should have been better than what I had purchased in retail stores that no longer carry the product . This is not the case . The quality of the print is grainy and colors are ` faded ' and even though the paper is advertised as ` glossy ' , the print quality is similar to matte . As a photographer who counts on quality paper for customer and personal satisfaction , I wo n't purchase this item again .
 Not too long after I printed several images on this HP paper , I noticed that the images with deep shadows had developed a solarization effect . On some images it developed within a few minutes , but on others , not for several hours -LRB- after I 'd taken the time to frame the pictures , not amused ! -RRB- . I printed the same images on other papers and two different printers with no problems . I 've reported the problem to HP and have asked for a refund , but they certainly are n't going to refund the cost of the wasted ink , and I wasted hours of time . DO NOT buy this paper !
 These do not work with Epson printer Clarisa inks . It apparently has to do with the special coating on the paper being incompatible with the ink . Printouts from my Epson Artisan 810 printer was very blotchy and redish on almost all settings . I would have never purchased this had I known this beforehand . DO NOT BUY unless you know you have compatible inks .
 Worked ok with older HP printer . Printer died and replaced with Epson 837 . . This paper will not work at all with Epson ink . Nothing I could do to the settings would make it come out even close to decent ... Kodak and Epson paper works great in the new 837 but not the HP stuff .
 This is not good quality . I could see separate color bands on the printed picture . But when I used a canon glossy II paper the same picture printed as it should .
 The only reason I gave this product two stars instead of one is due to the price being lower than the competitor 's hard-plastic counterpart.This product line is made of very , very , thin flexible plastic . The ` boxes ' arrive flat and you fold and ` tab ' them together -LRB- sort of like putting together a locking-tab file box -RRB- . The plastic reminds you of the clear lids on top of deli containers , only flexible . Something akin to the bendable plastic lids that are sometimes used as lids on decorative Christmas notions . No dividers ; which is okay . . the bras can support each other -LRB- sorry , bad pun -RRB- . I 'm not sure the socks box will fare as well . Technically , the boxes do what they are supposed to do-but they are flimsy . There does not appear to be any way of interlocking the boxes either . I suppose the one ` plus ' is that they are so thin that their walls use only a negligible amount of space . From this point forward , I believe I will starting scoping out the local grocery stores to see which ones have the tallest clear deli lids and buy my deli stuff there ...
 The material for the organizer is a simple cheap plastic box . Would not recommend for a person trying to organize their drawers . Nothing special about this box .
 This product is advertised as being a heavy duty paper cutter . It is n't heavy duty , the feet and legs are plastic , the Green Board is actually partical board , the blade on the handle flexes , and the rotating shaft that the blade is attached to is incased in plastic for the bearing surface . This is not a HEAVY DUTY unit.I am very pleased that Amazon refunded the price of the item and the shipping charges without question . They even provided free return shipping .
 The actually quality of the platform was decent . When trying to cut multiple sheets of paper it ripped more than cut . The blade on this product is awful . Westcott TrimAir 12 '' Paper Cutter is a much better choice .
 It never cut the way it should . The blade was set approx a quarter of an inch away from the board which caused the paper to crease occasionally and then after one week the arm broke off completely . Terrible !
 I have n't used this product long enough to comment on its other characteristics , but I have to mention it has a peculiar unpleasant odor . There 's a typical chemical solvent smell , but alongside it is a sour milk smell that makes the product very unpleasant to use . I get the same bad smell from the Weiman Granite Wipes that we bought for our countertops . I 'll stick with Sharpie .
 I use fine or ultra fine permanent markers every day . I like how the fine point Marks A Lot pens write . They tip does seem to lose its shape a bit as they age , so the written line gets a bit wider . At first , I thought they might be my Sharpie replacements . That is not to be . I just went though a box of 12 in 2-3 months . Some only wrote for a few days . The same size box of Sharpies would last 2-3 times as long . Another thing that annoyed me was that I had to scribble on scrap paper to get them to write at full strength if I 'd stopped writing for a few minutes . I wasted time , ink , and paper doodling so they would write correctly .
 I bought it as a replacement for the broken 5-years old IBM branded 2.4 GHz cordless phone . It 's is a total disappointment . The phone is placed in the same position as the old one . However , when making or receiving a call , all you can hear is noise and static . This really puzzled me , why a 5 years old phone can handle the RF interference much better?I tried to move the base around , it does improve the quality of the call , but noise still comes up when I stand in front of windows or under a door frame . My 1 bedroom apartment room is not big at all , image what could happen when this phone is used in a house.Bottom line - try to avoid it if you can .
 The sound quality of this phone was unacceptable . Although the other party to the phone call could not hear it , my line suffered from static and other signal interference . Using the channel button on the phone did not resolve the issue , but switching to a different cordless phone fixed the problem . The answering machine worked as advertised , but without good sound quality , what 's the point ?
 I bought two of these phones and it is so difficult to hear the person that I 'm talking to - I 'm glad they were inexpensive because I 'm going to have to buy new phones!If you put a finger over the microphone it eliminates the noise , but then , of course , you ca n't talk until you move your finger . A headset helps somewhat.Do not buy this awful phone !
 We are very happy with our TRU446 phones by Uniden and wanted a third `` cheaper '' phone just to have around , so we went with Uniden again . The EXI44246C model has terrible range , static when even right next to the base . The volume does not seem to be loud enough - at maximum volume , it sounds more like low volume.I do like that the vm indicator is on the base instead of the handset , since we hardly ever replace our phones on the bases , and do n't think to look for the handsets to see if there is a vm . This particular base is right by our door so we know right away if there is a vm.I only paid about $ 20 for this phone , but I 'm going to try to return it because it does n't even seem to be worth that much .
 to understand the person you 're speaking with . I am glad it was cheap , because it 's going in the trash !
 A picture of this phone should be in the dictionary next to the word garbage . It worked for 2 days . After that it just cut off after a few minutes and before cut off alot of static .
 I bought this phone and it never worked from day one . We were in the middle of moving so I never took it back . When I called Uniden for guidance , the wait time to speak to someone was over 35 minutes so I e-mailed them through their website ... never to receive any response .
 PREVIOUS UNIT : I bought the Dial-a-Blade rotary trimmer in hopes of replacing my previous paper cutter : ClassicCut -LRB- tm -RRB- ClassicCut Guillotine 10-Sheet Paper Trimmer.The ClassicCut has a plastic arm -LRB- not a heavy-duty metal arm -RRB- , and it was cheap , so I was not expecting top quality . But after a few hundred cuts , the plastic arm warped a bit , so the arm pulls away from the unit . At best , you can only cut a 5 '' or 6 '' long piece of paper . At 10 '' , there is now a 1/4 '' gap between the blade and the unit , so it tears instead of cutting . And even when brand new , it * never * could cut 10 sheets of paper as advertised.If you are shopping for a paper cutter , and undecided between rotary & guillotine , remember do NOT waste your money on a guillotine cutter with a plastic arm -LRB- MUST be a wood or metal arm -RRB- . I could imagine a small personal cutter , say 5 or 6 '' , would be ok with a plastic arm . But be forewarned.SWINGLINE SMARTCUT : * Problem # 1
 This trimmer does not cut strait , at least not on photocopy thin paper . No matter how hard I push down on the part that is supposed to keep the paper in place , it still shifts a little giving a slanted cut -LRB- cut starts out in the right place then veers to the right . Do n't buy it , its a waste of money .
 The Tax function as well as the other functions can be done by using the multiplication , addition , and subtraction functions . The examples seem to indicate this , The examples in instruction sheet can used with simple multiplication , addition , and subtraction problems ? The Canon TS-10Ts calculator is Not What I expected ... Also , the instruction sheet has errors
 I bought this phone looking for an inexpensive cordless as I rarely use my landline . But I had to return it ; there was way too much static despite trying a number of channels . I bought a GE 26928GE1 instead and have much clearer reception .
 phone : poor microphone design means phone must be held directly in front of your mouth . 1 inch off , and no one can hear you.range is poor . I can move one room away and still hear ok , but not two . changing channels does n't help.answering machine : `` mmrgblgh wgaher mmgnhr '' this is how about 25 % of the messages get recorded , at a volume too quiet to hear anyway.too bad , the last vtech phone I bought was great .
 This stapler die within 2 month of non-rigorous use , I was using regular staples so I 'm not sure why this got such good reviews . Waist of my money do n't buy .
 This stapler works well in most conditions but be aware that I got injured trying to fix it ! Always keeps your hand out of the place that the staples come out and always direct that part away from your face because I got a couple of staples in the palm of my hand and a friend told me that once the flying staples barely missed her face . Despite being a great product when works I am not planning to use it again .
 Thing broke after 3 weeks of use . Not ever sure if i can return it . Never buying this piece of crap again .
 Bought to replace my 25 year old Swingline stapler that was hit and miss . This PaperPro is cheaply made . Broke after using for 31/2 months . Some staplers stop working well after using for a while , but this one just plain stopped working .
 This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly . I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months . Rediculous
 I bought one of these from Office Max . It worked great out of the box , really easy to staple . I 've had it for about a month now , and many things are wrong . The staples usually get stuck in the stapler , I need pliers to get them out . The plastic part that holds the staple retention slider has completely broken off , and an internal spring has broken off . I recommend spending a few extra dollars for a decent , time-tested stapler .
 Got two of these for Christmas . One works fine ; the other worked OK briefly , then only intermittently . It will staple once , then subsequent staplings are failures . When you empty it to start over , you lose plenty of single staples . Also , when you reload the staples by pushing the `` thing '' back in place , it causes the staples to bunch up . It 's just a headache when it should be a problem solver ! It is wasteful , frustrating and a waste of time and money . The one that works is good , quick and easy . I think they 're tricky to load , however , and the other reviewer is correct , that when the staples `` fly '' , it can get hazardous .
 This stapler does not function . I was looking for a &#34; one touch &#34; that opens for versatility , but this one does not fit the bill .
 We attempted to purchase via a feature to select from an open package in the warehouse to save a few dollars . Of the two purchased , one does not operate correctly .
 1 . Arrived . 2 . Unpacked . 3 . Put staples in . 4 . Stapled papers 5 . Does n't work . 6 . Repeat steps 3-5 a number of times
 It 's often difficult to hear the other person even when the volume of the handset is set to maximum . I do n't think it 's just that I 'm hard of hearing , however , since I have n't had this problem with other phones -LRB- both cordless and corded -RRB- .
 They actually only ship one Pad to me , even though their title is `` Ampad Evidence Dual Pads , Legal Size , Canary Yellow , Legal Ruling , 100 Sheets per Pad , 6 Pads per Pack -LRB- 20-247 -RRB- ''
 This item says available and instock for $ 353.45 . However , after ordering it you will get an email saying that the order is canceled . Misleading and a waste of time . Buyer Beware Seller uses Misleading marketing practices .
 Not the best quality . Bit on the cheep side considering the cost I would have expected better quality materials . Somewhat did the job but the file folders do not slide smoothly on the rails .
 On your picture & description you claim there are rails for 30 '' & 36 '' file cabinets . But when you go to place an order , there is no place to specify which size you want !!!!
 These envelopes arrived already sealed closed - every single one of them ! To use them , I tried to open them carefully , but almost every one of them tore and was unusable . I advise everyone NOT to buy these .
 Needed something this size for trimming out Graphic Design proofs and mock-ups , but this thing is just too flimsy to use more than a few inches at a time . I will definitely buy something else to replace .
 Item arrived today and it looks very dark Brown - almost Black . There is a huge difference between Tan , Dark Tan , and Dark Brown/Black . I 'm attempting to get back into my old habits of using Franklin Covey planner.The item is genuine Franklin Covey but I expected my item to look like the picture and not almost black .1 star for poor representation of the product !!!
 I ordered these because I liked the muted florals but that 's not what I got . The item number is the same but not the design . The price was not worth sending them back though. : -LRB-
 I purchased this item believing it to be fully compatible with Mac OS X. However , I was unable to get it to work at all under Mac OS X 10.4.6 -- nothing but chittering feedback sounds . I emailed the manufacturer directly about the problem , and they responded , `` Unfortunately we do not currently have a timeline for MAC OS X 10.4.6 support . We are sorry if your OS is OS X 10.4.6 and would like to suggest that you return the MV100 to the retailer where you purchased the MV100 . '' Disappointing !
 The sound quality of the speaker on this unit is very bad . As for people hearing you clearly on the other end , its performance is average at best . If you are a Mac user looking for a solution for Skype -LRB- like me -RRB- , your built-in speakers and microphone are as good or better than this device .
 Bought this hoping it would be louder than my laptop internal speakers for video conferencing etc.Short story - it 's no louder at all.Pros ? - well , it does work with no problem under Windows 7 .
 Installation was a breeze . Sound quality is good . There are two important features lacking on this speakerphone . In the product description , I overlooked the fact there is NO mute button on this device . If I had realized this up front , I would not have ordered this speakerphone . The other lacking feature which I was aware of , is that there is NO external volume control . Mute and volume controls are both accessible thru Windows , but I find that method to be quite annoying after a while .
 I 've had good luck using a variety of headsets with Skype , but wanted to see if I could free myself of having to put one on whenever someone calls . Unfortunately , I had little luck getting the MiniVox to work in an actual conversation . When I tried to record audio with , say , Audacity , the MiniVox sounded just fine , but as soon as I tried using it in a two-way conversation , my outgoing audio would be badly muted whenever I was receiving audio from the person I was talking to.So I tried a little experiment , and played music through the MiniVox while I tried to record some audio with Audacity . Sure enough , the record audio was chopped to pieces . I tried various settings , and even downloaded and used the MiniVox volume-setting software . No luck.Perhaps I 've made some sort of cockpit error , and need to change my setup . But as things stand now , there 's no way I can use this product with Skype .
 I do n't recommend it for Japaniese learners.many simple words are n't availableI belive this device is aimed to Japaniese persons who need English Tranzlation or are learning English , but definitly not for Japaniese learners.l think the manufucturer of the device should state that in discription , it is bilingual but of no use !
 This dictionary is exceptionally hard to use . Thank goodness for smart phone dictionaries . this phone makes not sense to use . It was even difficult to use if I followed the instructions . On top of that it was slow .
 The concept of this highlighter is great . I highlight a lot while reading and I do a lot of reading on public transportation . Taking the cap on and off is annoying . I retractable high liter is a really convenient thing . Unfortunately i have not found one that lasts more than a week . This particular one is the worst that I have tried . It went dry after the first time I used it .
 I ordered these because the color shown was a medium / bright blue.What I got was a dark Navy blue . Not the color I wanted or shown .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 Seriously ? This is not a box of file folders . It is a pile of whatever crap they had stuffed into a shipping box . It 's also not third cut tab , it 's the left overs . What a joke .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 This phone , I have replaced twice now through Amazon , is a peice of garbage . I have since replaced it . The earpeice is always going out , the answer machine deletes messages , and the clock will not stay set . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 These folders are at best for temporary use . If anything more is required we used better quality folders . They serve a limited purpose .
 I bought this item previously in July 2012 , and received the Smead brand in a proper box . I re-ordered them again this month , and was shipped a box of generic folders that has no Smead company printing on it . They will be adequate for my purposes , and I wo n't ship them back . However , I think it is false advertising to say you are selling Smead brand , then ship a cheaper , no-name brand product . I saved about $ 4.00 per box of 100 over the Office Depot near me , but I will likely buy them locally from now on .
 HELLO , i dont mean to put a damper on this product and im sure they fit the type of pens they mention . but theyare made of the old plastic tube and we al know what happens to them . they will bend , possibly crack and i was very surprised that Papermate still made them . i would think if you look at the package you would see what i meam . buy the ones that state lubriglide on the refill itself . im just being honest . those two , if you buy them iwould make sure you close the pen when not in use because though it looks like ink in them it could be that their dried up . the ones to get are in cased , if that 's the correct saying and also have a black cover on the top that not only allows you to open and close the pen , butto keep the refill from drying out . i think you will get what i mean by blowing up that picture and compare it to the better one . you will pay a little more , but depending on how often you use your pens they will write for along time . thank you , don b. -LRB- just trying to help -RRB-
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The company shipped the wrong product , then offered me a refund if I paid to ship it back . The shipping was more than the original purchase price . I ate it and learned never to purchase anything that comes from this company again . Buyer BEWARE !
 Look - all I can tell you is this stuff looks and acts identical to premium packaging tape . Why am I paying $ 13 for 15 yards of packaging tape to stick on my book cover , -LRB- worth $ .30 , roughly -RRB- ? I bought a full roll -LRB- 300 ' / 100 yds -RRB- of 4 '' tape with a 4 '' permanent dispenser for $ 8 from Staples . Another brand . Ca n't tell the difference . Maybe the adhesive is better - that 's possible and I do n't know cause I returned this roll -LRB- thanks Amazon . -RRB- Years ago I bought some binding materials including a roll of clear tape that was 3 or 4 times thicker - that 's what I thought I was buying again . Just FYI .
 While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape , I ca n't see that it is really worth the higher price . As with all new products , I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way , and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless . The tape rips easily , so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across . What `` tabs '' did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question , so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing . I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality , especially considering the price .
 really , all this is is packing tape that I could have gotten at walmart or anywhere for alot cjeaper price !! not a good purchase !
 Its hard to stick on , doesnt adhere very well.it is very brittle tears as u work with it.once you manage to get it on it more or less ok , and its wonderfully transparent
 Based on the reviews , I thought it was some special tape . I got it to repair pages that my daughter ripped . It works just like any other clear packaging tapes , except more expensive . Do n't waste your money . I was disappointed . I was looking for something that 's more gentle to the pages and matte finish instead of glossy .
 We did a big service project of repairing the broken hymnbooks in our church . There were over 100 books , and we were teaching ourselves , so we tried this book tape and then clear shipping/packaging tape . They were basically the same . We did n't like them because the clear tape made the books look cheap . But the real problem was that as we followed online instructions on how to repair the broken and torn backs , we found that although this tape is heavy , it tears easily . Many of the covers were torn in the top where the spine meets the front and back . And this tape gave no strength for this repair.We eventually found a book binding tape made of vinyl coated cloth that works perfectly . It is strong and looks great on the books . We found it here :[ ... -RSB- We have no agreement with Demco and they are not compensating us in any way . I would just like to save anyone else from all the trial and error we went through before we found something that works .
 We did a big service project of repairing the broken hymnbooks in our church . There were over 100 books , and we were teaching ourselves , so we tried this book tape and then clear shipping/packaging tape . They were basically the same . We did n't like them because the clear tape made the books look cheap . But the real problem was that as we followed online instructions on how to repair the broken and torn backs , we found that although this tape is heavy , it tears easily . Many of the covers were torn in the top where the spine meets the front and back . And this tape gave no strength for this repair.We eventually found a book binding tape made of vinyl coated cloth that works perfectly . It is strong and looks great on the books . We found it here :[ ... -RSB- We have no agreement with Demco and they are not compensating us in any way . I would just like to save anyone else from all the trial and error we went through before we found something that works .
 Based on the reviews , I thought it was some special tape . I got it to repair pages that my daughter ripped . It works just like any other clear packaging tapes , except more expensive . Do n't waste your money . I was disappointed . I was looking for something that 's more gentle to the pages and matte finish instead of glossy .
 Look - all I can tell you is this stuff looks and acts identical to premium packaging tape . Why am I paying $ 13 for 15 yards of packaging tape to stick on my book cover , -LRB- worth $ .30 , roughly -RRB- ? I bought a full roll -LRB- 300 ' / 100 yds -RRB- of 4 '' tape with a 4 '' permanent dispenser for $ 8 from Staples . Another brand . Ca n't tell the difference . Maybe the adhesive is better - that 's possible and I do n't know cause I returned this roll -LRB- thanks Amazon . -RRB- Years ago I bought some binding materials including a roll of clear tape that was 3 or 4 times thicker - that 's what I thought I was buying again . Just FYI .
 While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape , I ca n't see that it is really worth the higher price . As with all new products , I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way , and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless . The tape rips easily , so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across . What `` tabs '' did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question , so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing . I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality , especially considering the price .
 really , all this is is packing tape that I could have gotten at walmart or anywhere for alot cjeaper price !! not a good purchase !
 Its hard to stick on , doesnt adhere very well.it is very brittle tears as u work with it.once you manage to get it on it more or less ok , and its wonderfully transparent
 Look - all I can tell you is this stuff looks and acts identical to premium packaging tape . Why am I paying $ 13 for 15 yards of packaging tape to stick on my book cover , -LRB- worth $ .30 , roughly -RRB- ? I bought a full roll -LRB- 300 ' / 100 yds -RRB- of 4 '' tape with a 4 '' permanent dispenser for $ 8 from Staples . Another brand . Ca n't tell the difference . Maybe the adhesive is better - that 's possible and I do n't know cause I returned this roll -LRB- thanks Amazon . -RRB- Years ago I bought some binding materials including a roll of clear tape that was 3 or 4 times thicker - that 's what I thought I was buying again . Just FYI .
 While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape , I ca n't see that it is really worth the higher price . As with all new products , I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way , and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless . The tape rips easily , so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across . What `` tabs '' did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question , so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing . I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality , especially considering the price .
 really , all this is is packing tape that I could have gotten at walmart or anywhere for alot cjeaper price !! not a good purchase !
 Its hard to stick on , doesnt adhere very well.it is very brittle tears as u work with it.once you manage to get it on it more or less ok , and its wonderfully transparent
 We did a big service project of repairing the broken hymnbooks in our church . There were over 100 books , and we were teaching ourselves , so we tried this book tape and then clear shipping/packaging tape . They were basically the same . We did n't like them because the clear tape made the books look cheap . But the real problem was that as we followed online instructions on how to repair the broken and torn backs , we found that although this tape is heavy , it tears easily . Many of the covers were torn in the top where the spine meets the front and back . And this tape gave no strength for this repair.We eventually found a book binding tape made of vinyl coated cloth that works perfectly . It is strong and looks great on the books . We found it here :[ ... -RSB- We have no agreement with Demco and they are not compensating us in any way . I would just like to save anyone else from all the trial and error we went through before we found something that works .
 Based on the reviews , I thought it was some special tape . I got it to repair pages that my daughter ripped . It works just like any other clear packaging tapes , except more expensive . Do n't waste your money . I was disappointed . I was looking for something that 's more gentle to the pages and matte finish instead of glossy .
 THIS PHONE NOT ONLY DOES N'T WORK , BUT THE AC ADAPTER GETS SO HOT YOU COULD GET BURNT OR POSSIBLY START A FIRE . THIS PHONE SHOULD BE PULLED FROM DISTRIBUTION . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I purchased this item for my 90 year old mother who lives in another state . When the phones arrived , the manual was only in French and Spanish . I called to get a manual in English . She did not know how to put her answering message on the machine . When last I checked , she still had not received the manual even though I called three different places . I think the product is good , but that was not a good mistake to make . Obviously the person I talked to was in a different country , because of the difficulty of communicating and the echo that was on the phone . I am surprised that AT&T would have such a bad phone connection for customer service . I will be going to my mother 's in two weeks and can perhaps correct the problem then . I purchased this phone because of the reviews that said it was easy to use . I ca n't rate the product at this time until I see it first hand .
 I bought this phone when it first came out and paid around 70.00 for it . A year later one of the receivers will not answer incoming calls . I can call out on it but will not let me answer . I have contacted ATT about this problem and they have no clue what it going on and do n't really seem to care . I love the phone besides this problem but can not give it a good review for the amount of hassle it has caused me .
 The price seemed great for a brand name phone , but the sound is awful - it echos and scratches and switching channels makes no difference at all . I 've had 2.4 GHz phones before that sounded just fine , so I do not think that is the problem . Frequently , the phone will not connect when the talk button is pressed the first time . I have to press off - then phone - then off - then phone until a connection finally is made . The worst thing is you can only speak on one phone at a time . Each phone acts independently - so will not function as an extension . You can switch to speaker phone , but it requires everyone be in the same room to hear . The speaker phone quuaity is only fair . I needed a 2nd extension and it was not clear to me in the description that this phone would not work that way . The only thing I like is the answering machine . The answering maching is easy to operate and clear.I am on my way out to buy another phone from a different company .
 This phone has a lot of great features , but it is packaged with a horrible sound quality answering machine . You and anyone calling you can ALL sound like they are using a computer to do their talking for them . You will not be able to recognize the persons voice . I tried this phone after having a Uniden digital answering machine/phone for 10 years . I returned the ATT phone 8 hours after buying it .
 We have had this system for 2 years now . Its going in the trash . Everyone of the chargers -LRB- 3 and main unit -RRB- have quit . We have replaced the batteries but to no avail they wo n't work . The new batteries worked for about 3 months and now we again get the `` Check Battery '' message . To be fair , we are beginning to wonder about a lightning issue but nothing else has been affected.On another note from day one the reception in my studio in the back yard has not been great . I have to step out on to the back porch to get good reception . The prior phone was better.We wo n't be buying ATT again .
 I purchased this phone in June 07 and enjoyed the quality and service until recently . The phone has stopped charging and I have been trying to get the problem resolved for 2 days . At & t said to send it back after a 10 minute hold for customer service .
 I like the esy use of the phone ... problem is when I call certain people there is an echo and it drives me crazy . I can hear myself in the phone ... so I would n't buy again
 My phone is less than a year old the batteries went dead and not a single electronic store sales the replacement batteriesWhen I tried to buy them form att or to get info on where to get new batteries they just told me I have to buy a new phone.More over not only their customer support is well below decent but also service representatives on the phone are rude and not considered and when I tried to pass my complains to her manager she just hung up on me.do not buy this product unless you want waste your time and money and buy a new phone 6 month from now
 you get what you pay for . You want cheap you will get cheap . My phone is echoey sounding . Well , both of my cordless phones are . it picks up sound from all over my home and transmits it into the call on the line . The LCD features are ok - not impressive but plain old OK . The channel button does not do what it should do , at least not that well . The thing I like about this phone is the transfer feature , but most phones nowadays have that . Did I mention there is no page feature on the 2nd handset so once you phone is lost you will have to call your own number to find it .
 My review relates to this product as it 's a sunrocket device . My advice is go with a different VOIP service . There 's many out there ! But after 2 weeks trying to work a customer service issue with Sunrocket , and being bounced around , I gave up.They do not have a number to their billing department . If you ask them to transfer you there they say billing will email you . Bottom line . . small startup company . . with immature customer support department.Don ' t use Sunrocket at all ! But only my suggestion .
 This tape is n't very sticky at all . It wants to be attached to a very specific surface , and did n't like my walls at all . I regret buying this tape .
 If you enjoy watching your posters , photographs , and other postings fall off the wall this is the product for you .
 This product was the wrost thing I have ever tried , but do not ever intend to do so in the future . This Double Sided Tape could n't even hold paper together . What a waste ...
 This product sounds like a good idea . But I think the double sided tape gets confused which side of the paper to stay on . When you remove it , the tape is stuck on the wrong side of the paper . I wish they make a product that says 1 side permanent and 1 side removable .
 VERY DISAPPOINTING PRODUCT !!!!! Nothing like described , the glue is so weak and cant be used on most surfaces , and above all not double sided !! DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT , ITS USELESS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This does n't stick well at all . I would n't waste my money again . I ran out of double sided tape that came with baby proofing table protectors and bought this to finish the job . No good . My 6 month old easily removed the protectors and tried to put the tape in his mouth .
 3M needs to work more on this tape . The concept is good but the adhesive seems to adhere more strongly to the pasted surface than to its own plastic sheet . Perhaps the adhesive to the plastic sheet side should be made stronger.I just spent the last half hour slowly lifting off the sticky residues left behind with a piece of tape .
 I was trying to find a tape that would hold temporarily and remove easily and cleanly . This tape removes cleanly because it hardly holds at all . It has very , very light tack to it . Its even lighter than a post-it-note and wo n't even stick to the razor edge on the tape dispenser . I have a 3-inch core roll of it so will try to use it somehow but I would n't reorder it . I still need a tape that sticks and this was the same as not using any tape at all .
 While this product is great in theory , in practice it just does n't work . The tape sticks together and you ca n't get just one piece - you get a clump of tape strips stuck together that you get to try to peel apart . Love the idea , it just does n't work the way it is supposed to .
 Unfortunately , the dispenser was the wrong size . Altho It was just a little less than 1 '' wide , the tape was exactly one inch wide . I advised Amazon , and they are refunding the money . The space for tape should be MORE than one inch wide , so that tape can fit . I can use this dispenser for 3/4 '' tape but I already have two dispensers of that size , so the thing is useless.Linda Sheean
 I did not buy this item simply because I could buy the same 6 rolls WITH THE DISPENSER for 30 cents less !!
 I think that I have the same problem as the first poster . I wanted the clear version of the `` blue '' painters tape . What I got was clear fiberglass reinforced packing tape.I will try to get this corrected
 I work part time in a small office and rely heavily on recorded messages . The sound quality is very poor . I can usually understand most of the messages , and can usually figure out first names , but I have to guess at last names - Gilbert sounds like Delbert . It is an embarrassing occurrence on a regular basis . The receiver is small , but difficult to hold on to and write down information at the same time . For the money , it was a real disappointment .
 Spending extra money on a `` name brand '' phone with 3 wireless handsets and caller ID seemed like a `` smart move '' ... WRONG !! Problems began from the very start , even problems with PANASONIC CORPORATION keeping their word and replacing the units . First , the calller ID did not work very well on all of the phones - intermittent at best . This was a poor choice because we used the phones in our business , from the base unit to the office to the workshop -- we could hardly ever tell who was calling or who had called.Several calls to technical support gave help but nothing changed the problem . Then we received AUTHORIZATION WITH a customer reference number for a complete replacement of all phones ! The authorization was received within the 12 months warranty period . But ah-ah-ah . They did not receive the units within the 12 months warranty period , by the time we stopped trying to run the business long enough to buy replacement phones to use while they were being returned , locate packaging , pack and ship out by UPS . Panasonic Corporation received the phones but REFUSED to REPLACE THEM !!! but wanted $ 127.50 to repair them -LRB- HALF AGAIN THEIR ORIGINAL COST -RRB- ! Many frustrating callS to PANASONIC CORPORATION Customer Service ensued citing the authorization for replacement . This still ended in denial and refusal to help . More calls to supervisors ensued -LRB- after all a purchase of over $ 225 for phones should be worth something -RRB- . Still refusal to keep their word to replace the phones.Finally , another supervisor authorized the one time replacement of all three phones . She said she would email me a letter confirming this authorization -- ANd NEVER DID !! I faxed to her all the correspondence , model # 's , serial # 's , work orders as she requested . Some time later I get a refurbished base station with 2 of the phones but not the third phone . The refurbished phones only had 90 days warranty not 12 months that I had been promised . After about three weeks I placed several calls to PANASONIC CORPORATION to ask where my other phone set was , ultimately to get another supervisor who said THEY WERE WAITING FOR ME TO PAY THEM TO REPAIR IT !!! I said that nothing had EVER been said about me paying for the repair of any of the purchased phones ! I told them I would fax all of the correspondence to them which fully documented the full replacement of all units . While I was preparing the fax I got another call from PANASONIC CORPORATION telling me they were going to send my old unit back to me !! They said they were not going to replace the third phone as promised because they thought the problem with the caller ID was solved by sending me a refurbished base unit.So how many lies were made by PANASONIC CORPORATION ? Can you count them all ?? I would not rate these phones even a `` 1 '' for poor because of PANASONIC CORPORATION being so corrupt from the beginning and so cheap that they would n't even send out a refurbished phone . The best rating I could give them would be a zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- or a minus something for all the heartburn and frustration I went through for a very poor quality product .
 We bought one of these sets and within a few month the volume/navigation control started to fail . pretty soon most of the buttons stopped working . I needed a replacement and thought it may have just been a lemon . Silly me ! I bought a second one and guess what ? Same problem in about 6 months . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 The phone is OK but I have 5 handsets and 3 have failed over 11/2 years - terrible reliability . And todate Panasonic has not been very helpful .
 I upgraded a previous Panasonic system which was very similar to this one thinking I would be improving on a great product , boy was I wrong . I should have stayed with my older one until it gave out.The reasons I choose Panasonic was simple :1 . I needed an expandable unit2 . No phone jack is needed for add on phones , merely an power outlet3 . You can listen to your messages from any handset , you do not need to go to the base unit to retrieve them and you can erase those messages from any handsetThe major complaint I have is that within a very short period of purchasing the base unit the speaker in the handset thru which you hear your messages and speakerphone started cracking and then broke completely . It is a different speaker than you hear the caller thru.I purchased an addt ' l handset when they were back in stock and within 6 months it started doing the same thing.I love the features of these phones . I need a 2 line phone and I also use the speakerphone on the handsets regularly so it is very important to me that it works.I 'm disappointed in the quality , even worse , I 'm angry at myself for `` upgrading '' and not taking back the base unit immediately after it started cracking .
 Missing items -- charger power code and another item , and the manuel came in the box is not the manuel for this system . The speakerphone on one of the handsets does not work . Terrible experience . I purchased the system `` new '' but suspect that it is not new . Wrote to Amazon and was told to return the item which I will , but it is a waste of time buying something and returning it . I though the seller should have better quality control than that .
 Try getting the remotes to ring when a call is coming in ... FORGET IT!Try setting these remote handsets up to work correctly ... you need a degree in something that mine do not cover . I 'm 2 tries away from sending it all back .
 I feel cheated by Panasonic . I just bought , through Amazon , a full set of their two line wireless system , the KX TG 6700 -LRB- B -RRB- , with one base station and a total of 5 more separate handsets.I spent hours reading technical specifications and I was looking for one particular piece of data . Two years ago I bought a one line Panasonic wireless , and only after a few weeks of using it , with its monochrome display screen , did I learn that Panasonic also had the same phone , slightly different model number , with a color display screen , for only about $ 20 more . I found , at my advanced age , I could not read or use the monochrome screen , but the color screen was fine . It was too late , I had bought the monochrome first and did not bother to return it to Office Depot.This time , first , I trusted Amazon to give an honest story . I also checked other sources to buy the same phone , even one at a lower price . I read with great care . I found no reference anywhere to whether the display was monochrome or color . I bought the system from Amazon . They arrived today and they are all monochrome . I called Panasonic . They said they do n't make a color display model . -LRB- I think they soon will , but they want to sell this cheaper one first ? -RRB- I told them I wanted to return the whole set -- I could not easily see or read the monochrome display . They told me I would have to ask Amazon for a refund . I spent more hours looking and could not find a single 2-line cordless system that gives any assurance of a colored display screen . So , I 'll keep this one and be very very careful to call and ask some real person about any questions I have -- the web it NOT the safest place to buy.I posted more review , and now want to report that the Amazon return policy amazed me -- no questions asked , they accepted my return for a refund.Also I learned , after buying , that my intended phone service , Time Warner , could provide two phone lines , but they would not `` roll over '' so that if line 1 is busy it automatically goes to line 2 . With that type of service from Time Warner , no type of `` 2 line '' phone would be very good.Karl Loren , Canyon County , California .
 Very bad reception . The phone base was connected in 2nd floor but if I take the phone to 1st floor , I am not receiving any kind of signal . But at the same if I am go nearer then the phone works fine .
 I bought my phone in June , 2007 . In August , I decided I wanted to move it from one counter to another in my kitchen . To do that , I unplugged it . That apparently fried its little brain . So I had to pack it up and send it to Texas . It was two months before they sent it back . A remanufactured replacement . The adapter for the second handset was bad . Could n't recharge the battery . I contacted them . Repeatedly . Finally got booted to the supervisor of a supervisor . Was told to fax my receipts . That was in February , 2008 . It 's now the middle of April . Still no replacement . I was told that they did n't get my fax . I have no way to prove that they did . I 'm faxing again.Seems like a good product . When it worked , it worked just fine . But I do n't think I 've had more than six weeks of actual working time in the past 10 months that I 've owned it.Panasonic used to be a good company . I would n't recommend their products again .
 I purchased this phone and used it for 2 weeks , finally returning it as there were too many missing features.Pro
 After about 1 year the buttons on the base , which only get used for checking messages at my house , started to fail . Problem probably occurred even prior to the 1 year mark , but I did n't notice until it affected the message playback button . Once I discovered the issue , I attempted to power reset the base at which point the entire unit `` locked up '' and could no longer be used . Panasonic 's solution was send it in for repair , be without my phone for however long that takes , and all at my cost since I was outside the warranty period.Please , save your money !!! Do n't get stuck with a $ 200 + phone -LRB- I purchased additional handsets -RRB- that you ca n't even use . I loved the phone while it was working , but it 's only a matter of time until it fails .
 Do not purchase these phones if you would like a product that will last more than 6 months . I purchased one base unit with 2 handsets and 2 extra handsets and within 4 months the speakers that operate the speaker phone and ringers went out in all 4 phones . I contacted panasonic and was instructed to send them in and they would be replaced with refurbished phone . One month later again the speakers are starting to go out on my relacement phones . Panasonic has instructed that I may send them in and they will replace them again , but this is getting to be a hassle as I do need to have telephones that I can hear ringing and that are n't on a ups truck somewhere in order to run my business .
 I purchased this phone for my home office . I needed the 2 line capability and the cordless handset -LRB- I did n't need or use the digital answering capability -RRB- . Initially , the phone worked fine . Then at just 1 day prior to being able to return this phone , the base station speakerphone just stopped working . In addition , the base station started making a constant noise even when the handsets were docked and not in use . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 There is something wrong with the buttons on the base unit . They stopped working after about a month . I got a replacement from Panasonic -LRB- refurbished base unit -RRB- . It failed right away . I 'm waiting for another replacement . Otherwise I like the phone . The handsets are very nice . The only extra feature I would like it to have is to beep if there is voicemail . It only blinks the light.June 2008 Update
 This is a good idea -LRB- having multiple handsets with one base station -RRB- but does n't work very well . The radios are too weak to get any kind of range thru walls . And is n't that the requirement ? Nobody would put six phones in the same room with the base station , so of COURSE it should have good penetration thru walls and floors . This product needs more powerfull radios and maybe an optional , bigger external antenna for the base station . As it is , there is no point to accommodating multiple handsets when it works so poorly thru walls and floors . We returned ours .
 I bought this since it 's the only panasonic with 2 lines . . but the background hiss on it just bothered me too much . I returned it and bought a panasonic DECT phone . . -LRB- only 1 line though -RRB- and it 's crystal clear . If you want no static or hiss in the background I recommend their new DECT phones .
 I based on my prior good experience with Panasonic wireless phones but found this one -LRB- KX-TG6702 -RRB- to be a disappointment . Sound quality on the remote is fair at best . Accessing stored numbers requires 3 key depressions to get into phonebook . The `` soft keys '' are small and recessed . Backlight and small characters make reading difficult . On the plus side the range is adequate.Overall it 's probably the least convenient phone I 've ever used.Panasonic KX-TG6702B 2-Line 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Expandable Cordless Phone System with 2 Handsets
 Panasonic KX-TG6700 , 5.8 GHz Cordless PhoneI have had bad luck with Panasonic phones dying after a couple of years , but the features of this phone were what I needed so overcame my reluctance . The phone has worked fine for several years but this morning every light was on and the phone was inoperable . The issue is apparently the ribbon connector to the circuit board in the phone -LRB- a number of troubleshooting forums have addressed this problem -RRB- , which i managed to disconnect to reboot the board . Now the handset is working again but not the base unit , and only if i leave the back off the base . Maybe Panny is taking a cue from the Auto companies who planned to have their products fall apart after a couple of years so you 'd have to buy new ones . I do n't know but this is the 4th Panasonic phone I 've bought that did not live to a normal replacement age .
 I find this phone system OK with a few flaws
 1 . received the telephone 1 week late ! 2 . Voice quality is very-very poor . Caller sounds like a computer generated voice . I am surprised that Panasonic , which has very good phones , made such a bad sound quality phone.My suggestion for folks would be to try other phones . do not buy this phone !
 I am quite disappointed with this phone . The device is advertised as GigaRange . Well , you would expect 60 feet to be with in that range . Actually , I expected I would be able to take the phone to my back yard or even to the street and still be able to communicate . When I had a problem in my garage and tried to Intercom with my wife at home -LRB- about 70 feet -RRB- the connection to the base station simply died . Previously I owned the Panasonic 2.4 G 4-line device -LRB- this one has 2 input lines -RRB- and it worked very well even as far as 180 feet . The KX6700 base station is located exactly where the 2.4 G base station used to be but the reception is very poor.Furthermore , I found the voice quality to be unacceptable . I can barely hear the called and all the handsets are set to maximum volume.Other than that , the device looks nice and has good features . Memory , answering machine , intercom , call transfer , etc. are all working nicely . Still , I would not recommend this set to anyone who has a standard sized home . If you have a smaller home with not too many wall , this phone should address your needs nicely .
 I could not use phone . The base unit would not activate , no dial tone , all buttons dead.I notified Amazon and received another phone . The second phone was also defective . Amazon customer service is very responsive.The 2nd phone did activate but the base unit was partially defective , some buttons did not work . Button # 1,2 and 3 and the answer `` message '' button were dead , thus could n't dial or listen to messages from base unit.I have used panasonic phones for many years and this is the first time this problem has occured.What are the odds in receiving two defective same product model phones ?
 Do not waste your money or time on this phone . I like Panasonic and have 2 of their other cordless phones . They work fine . However , for some reason the technology for a decent , cordless , multi-line phone seems to be impossible to master for even major electronics manufacturers . I run a home office and would like to be able to answer 2 separate lines with 1 phone . I read both good and bad reviews for this and other products but figured I would take a chance since my other Panasonic phones work very well . OOPS ! I should have listened to the bad reviews . 1 line comes in fine but the other line -LRB- no matter how close I stand to the base unit -RRB- breaks up so much I ca n't understand the caller . Supposedly they hear me fine but I ca n't understand them it 's so choppy . All I can say is Amazon has great return policy !
 Bot a 6702 phone in April 2008 from Amazon and about 2 months ago -LRB- October 2010 -RRB- it mysteriously stopped working on line 1 , altho line 2 still worked fine on the base and portable units . Called Panasonic who finally agreed there was a problem with the base unit and that it should be sent in for repair . Warranty is only 1 year and it just is n't worth the postage both ways plus unknown repair costs -LRB- mostly labor charge -RRB- to get this repaired . I would n't buy this again but would , instead , by a cheaper unit which makes more sense even if the cheaper unit goes kaput in 2 years .
 I purchased this phone 4 months ago and have had continuous problems . The call quality is very poor and after 4 months of use the 1st line burned out . Very poor phone and I would not advise anyone to buy .
 Panasonic KX-TG6702B 2-Line 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Expandable Cordless Phone System with 2 HandsetsI purchased this phone in September 2007 because of the positive reviews . A year later it quit working . First there was no dial tone , and when someone called it was impossible to hear them . Tried the troubleshooting guide and nothing worked - the batteries were good as well . It was difficult to justify paying over $ 200 for a telephone but decided it would be ok since it would hopefully last many years - my AT & T phones were over 12 years old and one of the set was still working -LRB- even after being dropped 2 floors to a cement patio -RRB- . Unfortunately , it did n't . Though I make all my purchases through Amazon and have for many years , I 've never had to return anything before . I was n't thrilled to read the return information - anything not returned within a month -LRB- even unopened -RRB- will be charged restocking ??? What if you buy Christmas gifts -LRB- as I always have -RRB- a few months ahead of time ??? I will have to rethink my Amazon purchasing - especially if I find out that there is no warranty for the $ 200 + phone that stopped working a year later .
 Panasonic KX-TG6702B 2-Line 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Expandable Cordless Phone System with 2 HandsetsI hate this phone . There is no way to make the volume loud enough . It is flimsy.This is the worst cordless phone I have ever bought . I am going to send it back.Do yourself a favor and do not buy this phone.It is not user friendly.Jweiss in Houston
 Bought these to use on my cubicle walls , but the fabric 's `` pile '' is apparently thin enough that the velcro on these ca n't grab . It sticks for a day at best and then falls on it 's own . I 'm sure they 'd be great on EXACTLY the right length of pile - not too long or short .
 Bought these to hang photos at work . The squares would not velcro to the cubicle walls . The fabric on the cubicle wall must not be compatible with the squares . It was not worth the cost of returning these item , I will be throwing them away . Please make sure the squares velcro to your cubicle before adhering the squares to the item you are mounting because it is difficult to remove the adhesive .
 I 've used Scotch dispensers and products for years in the office with no problems - I got this dispenser for home use , thought it would be handy when wrapping gifts ... I dropped it against a table and the plastic base cracked just a little - and it started leaking sand -LRB- or something that looks like sand -RRB- all over everything . I was very disappointed in the quality , would not buy again .
 The correction tape broke in the dispenser . I ca n't use it . I 'll try the 2nd dispenser and see what happens .
 My office orders these white out liquid paper dispensers all the time . I use them on a daily basis . They are amazingly useful ... until they break . And that is why I am writing this review . This Papermate brand is so badly made , that the dispensers keep breaking . The last one I used broke the first time I used it . The small plastic part where the strip comes out broke off entirely . Most of the time , the big problem I have is that the strip inside the dispenser gets tangled , and thus the dispenser no longer works properly . I have not had any problems with the the Bic brand so far . I have asked my office manager not to buy this Papermate brand any more because there have been so many problems .
 Liquid paper was a fantastic product when it first appeared . This item is clumsy and difficult to use . Sometimes it applies itself -LRB- but not exactly where you want it . You have to be flexible ! -RRB- , and sometimes it just stays in the roller.The rollers do not move evenly , so with every application , one has to twist up the rollers to be even again . I will not buy this product again .
 I bought these under the assumption that it was a 6pak as advertised.Much to my surprise I received one item . After e-mailing execusystems -LRB- the seller -RRB- I was informed it was a misprint by amazon . They immediately issued a full refund including shipping which was more than the item . Would buy from this vendor again but I 'm always skeptical of amazon 's practices . Truth In advertising should be a priority . It just does n't seem to be .
 The picture in Target shows 6 rolls and the price seems to reflect 6 rolls ; however , no where does it indicate anything other than 1 item . Is is 1 item , a box of 6 rolls ? Did not order . Did not want to pay $ 20 for 1 roll . Would like to order if I only knew what was being sold.Thomas
 it may have all the features you think you need and at a reasonable price . very unreliable . sometimes for no apparent reason you ca n't hear people but they can hear you . i bought a $ 5 used one at a yard sale that lasted longer than this . do n't waste your money .
 This product shipped to me as the TRU9465 , which is a single handset system . I tried to look up the TRU9460-2 on Uniden 's website and there is no such phone system . Additionally , the TRU9460 itself does not come with the answering maching system as shown in the pictures Amazon.com has provided.The TRU9460 is a single phone system with no answering maching or extra handset and charger at all . Do not buy this product because it is falsely advertised .
 I ordered the TRU9460-2 and Amazon sent me the TRU9465 -LRB- which is what the picture is of on this Web page -RRB- . I spoke to customer service and they had me send back the original item and they said they would send me out the correct item . I just received the package and * again * they sent me the TRU9465 . The phone itself may be great but Amazon is * not * fulfilling these orders properly . They are advertising one model and shipping another . And their customer service is clueless ! Somebody at Amazon needs to wake up !
 Poor quality . Both tapes rolled off the track within a couple of uses and I could n't get it aligned again . Terrible design .
 The concept is that you can `` white out '' using the tape in the cartridge . The problem is in the system that dispenses and winds up the plastic film that the `` white out '' is on . The material comes out to lay down on the paper , but it does not rewind the carrier plastic that the `` white out '' was on . Once that happens you can not use it again . It is not repairable and you end up throwing it away with a lot of tape left on it . I have had this happen a couple of times and I will never buy another one .
 My experience with this particular Bic Wite-Out model as well as another Bic model are quite bad.The tape in these things get stuck , it tears , I have thrown several in the trash well before using up the tape.This company clearly has not tested it 's own products before sending them to market .
 I wish I could remember the first brand of white out tape that I used because this one is terrible . Very cheaply made . I threw the first one out of the two pack . Would n't work . I will never buy this brand again .
 The item arrived in a timely manner but the product itself was useless.There were 2 correction tapes and neither one of them worked . It was not worth the effort to return the item but , rest assured , I will never purchase this item again.The product was Bic white-out correction tapes .
 Within one minute of use the tape gets loose and there is no way to tighten it back up . From what I am reading , everyone is having this same problem . This is not a flaw in a few individual units . It is a massive flaw in the design . BIC could not have overlooked this . This product was irresponsibly released to make a quick buck . If they had one repeat customer ever , I would be surprised . Terrible , terrible , terrible .
 I bought several packages of these because I am a teacher and use a lot of white out tape . I have always used another brand , but these were less expensive and I figured they would be equal quality as the other brand considering they were made by a well-known company -LRB- Bic -RRB- . I have been VERY disappointed with them . The tape never stays tight and I am always having to waste white out tape to `` wind '' the loose tape . Also , the tape turns easily so that the plastic side it facing out instead of the white-out side . I took one apart the other day to try to fix the turned tape and that was a disaster ! I ended up just throwing the whole thing out because I was so frustrated trying to get it back together right . I had a student yesterday that had one exactly like mine and he was pulling it apart and trying to fix it too . I guess I 'm not the only one with problems with them !
 I have been buying this stupid product for years which of course only goes to show my own stupidity ! I have NEVER had one of them make it through even 1/2 of the tape w/o breaking . Have you ever tried to rewind one of these things ? AWFUL ! I wrote to BIC and told them I was done . Back to liquid . I ca n't take the frustration anymore . I own a dog hotel and there are always lots of changes to times and dates for pick up of the dogs . I have to have a reliable product .
 I 'd like to figure out how to give less than 1 star . I 've tried it more times then I care to say and spent too much money on such an inferior product . I 'm going back to liquid White Out , at least it 's consistant . I have at least 5 of the tape rollers that only worked once , and then the tape gets off track and it becomes useless . I am now stuck with these full cartridges of correction tape that do NOT work . Do n't waste your time and money , you 'll end up frustrated and throwing them away . I thought I was n't using it correctly and kept purchasing more , turns out it 's not me or you it 's the dispenser , it just does not work .
 At first I thought it was just me who could n't follow directions on the package , and could successfully apply the correction tape only about 30 % of the time . Then the tape promptly failed to roll properly and formed a backlog of used tape outside the unit . Now that I see the other unhappy reviews , I 'm glad I am not alone.The correction tape works great , but the mechanism is worthless , and I spent way too much time trying to get it to work .
 When the tape is n't tangled , or torn , this white-out tape works fine . You can write on it without smudging and it covers up your errors ... that being said , I take class notes in pen and I spend about 75 % of the time ripping this thing open and de-tangling it , or putting it back on it 's track . It is quite frustrating . I threw away the first one and had the same problem with the second and so , threw that one away as well . I will never buy this product again .
 This is a worthless product . Do n't buy it . The first time I used it the tape stuck to the paper . When the dispenser was pulled back the tape came with it . There is no mechanism to wind the tape back up . So the entire roll was unuseable . I will boycott all of BIC products in the future .
 The tape just hangs loosely from the orange wheel . If you want to use it , one must manually align the tape and then cut with scissors . Do n't even think about buying this junk . I just wish I had read the reviews prior to spending my $ ! Ugh !
 1 -RRB- Hard to roll2 -RRB- It feels cheap3 -RRB- Gets JammedCorrection tape is supposed to be EASY to roll . This product is not easy to use at all . I have to press with the weight of ten men to get it moving . Even when you can somehow get it to rotate , the tape refuses to stay on the paper surface . I have to press down to adhere the white out tape to the paper myself.What is the point of have correction tape if you have to do all the work yourself ? I think I 'll try another brand or just use liquid ... P.S. . In the end I had to throw it away . A total waste of money !
 I bought two for my son , the tape does n't stick , and it often gets tangled up and I have to open up the unit and tried to get the tension right . Do n't buy !
 My office purchased these for me . Within 3 weeks , all three -LRB- packs , as in SIX tapes -RRB- were unusable or broken . The tape breaks , the ribbon loses ` slack ' and can not be tightened , and the white out product on the tape is low quality . There is nothing good about these . Having since been purchased three other white out tape brands , I can honestly say this is perhaps the worst product on the market . You could not PAY me to use it again . Avoid . As an alternative , consider the Liquid Paper DryLine Grip , which has become a favorite in our office .
 Bic Wite Out is the worst correction tape I have ever purchased ! More often than not , it does not work . There is no reel turn so you can pull up extra tape if for some reason it stops working . Even once you go searching for a youtube video on how to reel in the excess tape , it still does not work.Save time and hassel , get the `` Tombow Classic Mono Correction Tape '' which is the gold standard of correction tapes . I have been using Tombow for years without incident . It always works every time . -LRB- if you are wondering why I would purchase the BIC , it was because I needed something right away and had to purchase correction tape at the drug store , Bic is all they had .
 first one i opened and tried to use the tape strung out too long and i had to try to rewind it ... what a mess ! worthless and impossible to rewind to get it useable.Bic is a good brand name but not this combo set : -LRB-
 Only for the desperate.I was preparing for a quickly approaching open book test and needed some correction tape to correct some errors in a text book . Went to the store and bought the only available brand -LRB- Wite Out -RRB- and figured it was the same quality as the stuff I have used at work , which was Liquid Paper and another brand that I ca n't remember . I was wrong . The tape is WEAK and will tear about 80 % of the time if you have to overlap a previously applied strip . The fact that you can write with pen over a single strip without the tape shredding is a miracle . If you have a choice , pay the extra buck to buy the better stuff . If you can only find Wite-Out , I would suggest leaving and trying another store . I swear , I almost look forward to making mistakes so I can get through this stuff faster.Also , do not fool yourself into buying combo packs of these things - there 's no amount of money saving that will justify the selection .
 I HATE THE NEW DESIGN ON THE WITE OUT . THE WITE OUT BEATS THE LIQUID BY A FIVE STAR RATING BUT THE NEW DESIGN FROM THE OLD ELONGATED IS NO GOOD . I PURCHASED A PKG OF THESE AND ON THE FIRST TWO THAT I TRIED THE TAPE DID NOT SEPARATE FROM THE BACKING AND I HAD ABOUT 2 INCHES OF MESS THAT I COULD N'T GET BACK IN THE CONTAINER . SAME THING HAPPENED ON THE NEXT ONE . I WILL NO LONGER PURCHASE THE BIC BRAND AND WILL PURCHASE ANY OFFICE STORE BRAND THAT HAS THE OLD DESIGN .
 At first I was really impressed with the product , so I bought it again , only to have the orange one break after only minimal use . I thought that it might have just been a defective one , but I was stupid enough to buy it two more times , and each and every time resulting in having at least one of them breaking -LRB- this last time was the last straw though , BOTH of them broke ! AWFUL PRODUCT !
 What more can I say the old small style worked much better . These are bulky and the tape comes out uneven and it is hard to control .
 The tape works fine until it becomes loose and then it 's worthless . The packaging indicates it has a self-winding mechanism , but it has never worked for me . Inevitably , wound up throwing away both with more than half the tape on because it became loose . I will never buy this again .
 This stuff is the worst . Does n't stick properly , does n't tear easily , causes an awful mess and a lot of trouble . After attempting to use it this past time I have decided to just throw it away .
 this new EZcorrect white-out dispenser is completely inefficient , and here is why :1 . when you release the tape from the paper after correcting something , a piece of tape sticks out from the tip EVERY SINGLE TIME - which means that each time you use it after that you get an extra piece of loose tape crunched up right in front of the word you are trying to white-out .2 . the tip of the dispenser is so hard and stiff that when you go over an already-corrected area , it scratches off the tape that was previously applied . -LSB- the old dispenser did not do that even if the tape was n't dry -RSB- 3 . the tip of the dispenser is too wide and makes the use inaccurate and awkward.what a terrible product ! the old design worked much better . this is a major redesign FAIL for bic.now where do i buy the old tapes ?
 I was super excited to receive this white out because I use it EVERYDAY for school . I was very dissapointed when 1 out 2 of the white out tape dispensers was broken in the package ! : / I wo n't be buying anymore White Out from you , unless you do something about it .
 Poor new design , it breaks , it has no screw for rewind . Tombo Mono is a better brand , it still has the screw for rewind . Bic has no way to open or adjust the tape .
 Not worth the money . Invest in a better quality product . These reviews are spot on . Nonsense , drivel , refuse , rubbish , junk . Get it ? Do not waste your time .
 In this `` improved '' set up , you have to hold the roller in your right hand , unlike the previous design , which was usable for both right handed and left handed people .
 This product is so bad it really does n't rate the one star I gave it.BIC Wite-Out Correction Tape , 2 TapesI bought multiple boxes of this product because it was at a good price . Not a single one of the dispensers lasted . The takeup reel does not function at all , so you are stuck with having to deal with it hanging from the dispenser . The white out does n't stick half the time , so you have to keep reeling out more and more.In short ... the product sucks period .
 I 've bought 4 of these now , and each one has malfunctioned after one or two uses . Nor am I able to put the things back together because they are so cheaply made . I will never buy another Bic Wite-out again , nor do I reccommend you waste your money . Wite-out never responds to complaints either .
 This is an awful design . Tape loosens almost immediately , the used portion does not get pulled up well enough leaving a loop hanging in the front , tape comes off the `` track '' and NO WAY TO TIGHTEN ! After one use , product is rendered useless . I can not believe that the tension is not adjustable . Tried to take unit apart and wind that way , after 10 minutes of wasted effort and prolific cursing I just had to throw it away . Oh , and the white correction medium , does not stick to the freakin ' paper ! Which is its only purpose . This is just bad , bad , bad .
 Have to say ; this is one of the worst products I 've bought . . The tape over laps if you need to white something out ; the liquid works much better . It would be nice if it did n't create an over-lap seam . This is the least of it 's problems though ... It 's one of those use it once or twice then throw away . The tape does not flow smoothly ; the ribbon gets caught trying to wind back in & will jam . You will end up cutting it or throwing it out . Whatever you do ; do NOT cut it . Best suggestion I have is to pry it apart gently ; making sure it does n't snap apart & fly all over because you need the correct tension on the wheel that pulls the tape back in & to try to affix it after cutting is a royal pain since the tension has to be correct or you will end up with the same issues . Once you pry it apart ; use tweezers & toothpicks to try to get the tape to lay right . I think the original issue is it needs a lip to neatly push the tape over so it winds . Our landfills are full due to products like this that are very cheaply replaced . :-LRB- I would rate this a ZERO if I could .
 I purchased these tapes to replace some old BIC whiteout tapes which I used up . Well , the `` New and Improved '' -LRB- from the package -RRB- is that they SUCK!It is hard to explain , but the tape does n't come out of the dispenser properly and leads to tears/holes in the tape . If you try to run the tape over the top of it again ... it just makes a mess.These things finally provided to be a bigger pain in the butt than anything and earned a one way trip into the waste basket.Bottom line , unless BIC un - `` Improves '' these things ... I 'd go with another brand .
 This is a poor quality item . The tape has broken on both that were purchased . The roller is weak and so it does not apply well .
 BIC `` Wite Out '' correction tape is the worst that I have had the annoyance of using . The tape breaks easily and the plastic housing is uncomfortable to grip . After only several uses , the tape came loose from within somehow , and there was a huge loop sticking out from the front end . This made the product impossible to use . The best dry white out I 've ever used is Liquid Paper dryline grip . They 're not as cheap , but hey , you really do get what you pay for nowdays .
 The tape came loose early on after one or two uses and basically became USELESS . Once the tape is looped out like that there is no fixing it.I had to throw it away with 95 % of it unused.Not a happy customer .
 Just what my title says . The BIC Wite-Out EZ correct tape is absolute crap . First of all , it does n't stick to the page very well . You find yourself having to pat the strip down onto the page with your finger to make sure it will stay . Then there is the issue with aiming it accurately
 Total waste of money . The tape got a little slack in it and stopped working . The 2 reels are supposed to work in harmony ... one pulling the tape as it winds the excess up . If there is even a tiny little slack it stops working . I used this for 1 correction . ONE ! It 's now in the trash and I will never buy it again . What a poor product . Bic should be embarrassed to even sell this . Waste of $ , time , and resources . Boo .
 Trust the reviews
 This is definietly a product where you get what you pay for . The tape doens ' t want to stick and the roll pulls out . These are what is purchased for work and rarely does one work long enough to use it until empty . If I could give 0 stars , I would .
 Both rolls malfunctioned immediately . The tape became loose with a huge loop coming out of the front end . Do n't waste your money . The low price matched the low quality .
 This tape worked fine , but at some point my toddler pulled a few inches of it out , and I could not figure out any way to re-tighten it and get it working again ! Unless I 'm missing something . I pulled it apart , but then the tape just about jumped off the spool , making it impossible to get working again . Very disappointed !
 It never even showed up in the mail . It 's been 2 weeks over the estimated date . So it really sucks
 I ca n't believe that this product is on the market . It does n't work . With both dispenser the tape got loose right away . I took one of the dispensers apart , tightened the tape and put it back together , and the tape immediately got loose again .
 I ordered a similar product made by two other companies at amazon and they worked well . This &#34; BIC &#34; came up as I was searching so I figured its on amazon how bad can it be ? That will teach me for the next time . I threw these in the trash . In a phrase , do n't even think about spending your hard earned money on this garbage .
 Do n't waste your money on this product , even if it 's only $ 3 , you 'll only get frustrated using this . Just as many other reviewers mentioned , within a minute or so of use , the tape comes off of its track so that the used tape does NOT roll back into the cannister and just creates a loopy mess . I refuse to waste my time trying to fix a defectively designed product . SHAME ON BIC for continuing to sell this product KNOWING FULL WELL it is just ripping people off . Spend the $ 3 on an icecream , you 'll feel more happy !
 BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY ... ca n't even get it stick . BIC u suck never buying ur products ever again ... go die in a hole . TY Peace
 I bought these under the assumption that it was a 6pak as advertised.Much to my surprise I received one item . After e-mailing execusystems -LRB- the seller -RRB- I was informed it was a misprint by amazon . They immediately issued a full refund including shipping which was more than the item . Would buy from this vendor again but I 'm always skeptical of amazon 's practices . Truth In advertising should be a priority . It just does n't seem to be .
 The picture in Target shows 6 rolls and the price seems to reflect 6 rolls ; however , no where does it indicate anything other than 1 item . Is is 1 item , a box of 6 rolls ? Did not order . Did not want to pay $ 20 for 1 roll . Would like to order if I only knew what was being sold.Thomas
 I found this product hard to use . I had to squeeze hard , and not much fluid would come out . In theory , you should be able to get a fine line of correction fluid , covering just what you need , as opposed to the larger swatch that comes with a brush ; but it was n't worth the effort , and it dried up and would n't come out at all some time later . I 'm back to using the kind with a brush ...
 I will stick with the little bottle and brush - this thing globs up , does n't flow right and I have to squeeze it to the point where I was afraid it would pop from the pressure . No thanks lol .
 The worst correction pen I have ever tried . It will definitely clog permanently if it 's not already clogged when you buy it . Try a Pentel Presto instead . I 've tried them all and Pentel is the best .
 If the cap on this pen worked better it would be a 4-5 star device . I like the way it works -- you do have to squeeze it a little but the flow of cover-up is easy to control.Unfortunately the cap is always falling off , including in my pocket . I have tossed out several because the cap got lost .
 I bought these under the assumption that it was a 6pak as advertised.Much to my surprise I received one item . After e-mailing execusystems -LRB- the seller -RRB- I was informed it was a misprint by amazon . They immediately issued a full refund including shipping which was more than the item . Would buy from this vendor again but I 'm always skeptical of amazon 's practices . Truth In advertising should be a priority . It just does n't seem to be .
 The picture in Target shows 6 rolls and the price seems to reflect 6 rolls ; however , no where does it indicate anything other than 1 item . Is is 1 item , a box of 6 rolls ? Did not order . Did not want to pay $ 20 for 1 roll . Would like to order if I only knew what was being sold.Thomas
 I 'm not sure what product these other people are reviewing , but I ca n't get it to cover black ink in one coat . It 's maddening . It 'll cover pencil , but what use is that ? It also takes an inordinate amount of time to dry -LRB- possibly because it 's three coats deep by the time it actually covers the ink . -RRB-
 The title is what I ordered - it shows up in my Account as a 12-pack . If you add it to your shopping cart , it shows up as a 12 pack for $ 12.84 + Free shipping -LRB- $ 1.07 a bottle -RRB- . However , I received 1 bottle of Wite-Out from Plexon -LRB- not Best Source Office Supply -RRB- , and was charged $ 2.50 for the one bottle -LRB- not $ 1.07 each for a 12-pack -RRB- , PLUS shipping , PLUS tax . I paid $ 7 for one little bottle of Wite-Out that I could have gotten at the local drug store .
 This prodoct came not only used -LRB- shown as new -RRB- from Plex Supply but did noteven work!Unreal - how can Amazon even have this vendor on their site.Makes me leary of buying anything on Amazon
 I bought this at office depot as a pack of four with a gift card.I usually use the bic Wite-Out brand but since this offered a longer tape , I figured I 'd try it out.This thing is just horrible . The tape does n't stop where you want it to so you end you ` correcting ' more than you had intended . However , when the tape stops to where you want it to , the thing just comes off the paper . You would have to pat it down to make sure it 's not going to move once you start writing.It neither does the correction nor the tape part correctly.Stick with what you know and have used previously .
 This product is the worst one I 've ever used . The tape is very narrow and splits as bad as the BIC product I wanted to improve on .
 I received this a couple of days ago , and after a couple of uses , the string already broke . ugh ! Will not be purchasing from this brand again . Sorry .
 I got this hoping it would not have the same problems as the other brands ... but alas , the tape jammed . I was able to take it apart and &#34; fix &#34; it but it may jam again and getting it open snapped some pegs . If it jams again , it 's done for ... bummer .
 First day of light use and it already tangles so badly that it 's unusable . I do n't even know how it happened . I threw it away in frustration .
 I purchased this heavy duty calculator for my desk in a professional accounting area . I have used Sharp with great success for years and looked forward to many more with this one.The calculator quit working after six months of light business use -LRB- a few uses a day on weekdays -RRB- . I called the company and they said too bad to contact the vendor and see if they would do anything.Well the calculator was around $ 80 and at our hourly rates it is too small and amount to fight the vendor but we took Sharp off the list of future purchase and may try Canon in our office .
 If you are familiar with this type of calculator and its funtions then it might be a good calculator to have.But , if you are not , then good luck figuring out how to use it . Setting the date and time is easy once you figure out the cryptic and 100 % worthless manual.There are keys on it that I have absolutely no idea of what they are for . No picture of the key layout and what each keys function is.Yes , one that is familiar with this type of calculator may not have any problems but not all people are and there are those who would like to learn to use it properly . The examples in the manual are bad.What good is any product if the manual is so poor that you ca n't even begin to figure out how to use it properly and take advantage of its advanced features ? If any ... I went to the Canon web page and found absolutely no help there.Bottom Line : Calculator might be good if one can figure out how to fully use it . Manual is an afterthought written by either by an engineer or a lawyer .
 This looks like a good calculator , but I am not buying it from Amazon because they have lied about the list price to make this look like a bargain . The exact same model is listed at $ 59.99 on Canon 's web page.I 'm not saying that it is n't worth $ 59.99 . If that seems like a fair deal to you , then buy it . I am just insulted that Amazon would state a list price that is n't true to make it look like they are giving you a deal.Unethical to say the least .
 I believe that the Sharp Compet VX-2128R is no longer in production , so I was excited that this Amazon affiliated vendor had some left . Unfortunately , the calculator they sent was the VX-2128V , which is a different and cheaper -LRB- at least $ 10 less here on Amazon -RRB- calculator . Perhaps there 's nothing wrong with the 2128V , but that 's not what I was trying to buy , and the higher price compounds the error .
 The TI-89 was discontinued several years ago . It has been replaced by the TI-89 Titanium , which is an improved model with more memory , etc. . Even so , when new , one would have to be insane to pay this price .
 The condition of the item was really really bad . The cap for battery and the cover were missing , and the seller did n't mention anything about it . I would not recommend this seller to any one .
 The machine works . However the instruction sheet is a disaster , way too small and mixes English and Spanish . The PDF is just a repeat of the way too small print enclosed sheet.And , see that nice roll of paper in the pic ? You do n't get that . You get a tiny roll with a few feet of paper . Not a big expense , but a big inconvenience ! I looked for paper on Home Depot 's site . I can get a roll of paper for $ 0.89 and $ 11.29 shipping + tax , of course .
 I took this calculator out of the box , and plugged it in . The first thing it did was make a printing sound , but did not print on the paper . Now , it does not even do that . . the only repair shop is in Calif.and , of course , I have to pay .
 I ca n't review it , it did not work , damaged in shipment . Not the shippers fault , it was post Office fault .
 The construction is cheap by today 's standards . The inability to enter a phrase for translation makes it just about useless in the real world . The `` contained '' phrases are totally inadequate and translating one word at a time is impractical . While in Hong Kong I bought a Besta 9600 by Inventec . Light years ahead of Lingo . Quality of construction is the first clue . The ability to put in phrases in English and translate to the chosen language is superb . I can enter the foreign language -LRB- in this case Chinese , Korean or Japanese -RRB- characters with the stylus and translate them to English . Doing this I could `` read '' signs , menus etc. . The Lingo was a complete waste of money .
 I bought this translator to aid in my study of Japanese -LRB- I 'm currently enrolled in the third year at my college as a graduate student -RRB- . When I recieved it , it was made of fragile , lightweight plastic and I was worried it would break easily . It ate batteries way too quickly ... One set was used up after playing on the translator for about one hour . It 's translations may have been worse than looking them up . Many words spelled the same in Japanese -LRB- with totally different meanings -RRB- were translated incorrectly . I am really disappointed in the product , I returned it immediately . I am currently looking for a Sharp or Franklin brand translator .
 i really thought this would be a great learning tool ... the instructions are for rocket scientists ... ever when you buy a home computer or entertainment system ... they have quick basic set-up ... it does not have many common words that people use each day in the memory ... maybe a very smart computer geek can figure this out ... i am having much trouble learning how to use it ... thanks
 This was a waste of time and money . I found myself stuck in menus in other languages and unable to get out of the menus in order to actually use the different functions . Just take a translation phrase book along , you will be better off . Anyone want to buy mine ? : -RRB-
 The voice is not clear , very often not understandable , and very often speaks to fast . I would not buy or recommend this translator . I will mostly use it to look up word to find their meanings .
 add stated a set of 6 clamps for $ 54 good deal right ? i received 1 . one clamp for $ 54 ??? i got a set on e-bay cheaper , so do n't be fooled
 In short - great phone , great sound , great speaker function , great great great ! Then the battery starts going dead after seconds of use . Replacement batteries , too - so not a battery problem
 Initially for the first two months it was okay but later one handset is giving lots of noise even when we are next to the base . And the phone doesnot have low ring setting . I have a baby and its really frustating whenever the phone rings with such a loud voice .
 I received the above shipment , there was no invoice , no operating manual and after charging the two phones for about 18 hours I discovered that on one phone that I could not get a dial tone . I attempted to contact Amazon but was unable to do so I wrote a letter to the supplier bo li , 2749Glenhurst PL , West Covina , Ca. , 91792-0000 who would not reply to my letter . The one phone does work satisfactory . I was not happy with the outcome.Teresa Carroll
 I was very excited about this product until I recieved it . It had great features and styling , as well as a great price . Unfortunately , one of the phones did not work and I had to return the entire package . I was very disappointed , but I will be quick to point out that I have had Uniden cordless phones for years , and I still swear by the brand . I just happened to get a rare , poor quality refurbished unit . I would still purchase the brand any date of the week .
 These are very nice binders , a quality product . Unfortunately , they are sold and labled as a 2 '' binder , however they are much bigger . A quick look with a ruler and you will see these are actually 3 '' binder . A fantastic deal if you want a giant 3 '' binder , but a waste of time if 2 '' is all you wanted .
 I hoped to use this phone to replace a corded wall phone in my kitchen . The picture displayed for this phone -LRB- with the small hooks holding the handset at the bottom -RRB- makes it appear as if wall mounting is this phone 's `` default '' position . It is n't . To mount the phone on a wall , you need to first install a wedge-shaped attachment on the base of the phone . This causes the phone hang out at an angle -- not flat and parallel with the wall -- and results in the phone/base assembly sticking out from the wall by about 8 inches . It leaves the phone in an awkward looking and unwieldy operating position.This is the exact opposite design of nearly every other wall-mountable phone in which you need to install a wedge-shaped base if you want to sit the phone flat on a table or desk . An uncharacterisically poorly-thought design by Motorola!I 'd return this phone but for the fact that I 'd have to pay to return ship the unit back to amazon and then have to pay back the amount of the original free `` super saver shipping . ''
 Should n't things last longer ? How long have we been making telephones ? I was happy with my my Motorolla phone for the first year . I did n't use it a lot -LRB- my cell phone is my primary number -RRB- though used the Motorolla for local calls and to screen calls from mortgage broakers , etc. . After about a year , the keypad started going out -LRB- intermittently -RRB- , it 's gotten so bad that I can no longer use it to dial out . Just recently , there is an aweful static in the handset - it 's junk now . If Motorolla can make a tiny cell phone that stands up to daily wear and tear you 'd think making a big , clunky , old-tech , landline cordless would be no problem and it would last ...
 Only buy this phone if you want both your voice and the person you 're talking to sound like robots -LRB- not the cool robot voices , the annoying grating ones -RRB- . You ca n't turn up the volume too loud to make the voices clearer because the sound gets high pitched and hurts your ears.Also the ringer mysteriously stopped working after I moved to my new apartment . This phone sucks . I only bought it because I needed something with a built-in answering machine .
 Phones okay like any other , but just okay , does n't show missed calls .
 We returned the phone after using it for only one day , due to the atrocious voice quality . Callers on the other end of the line could only be heard properly if the volume was turned all the way up , but at full volume you hear your own voice magnified . The range of the phone was also poor , on every channel . To top it off , our answering machine message sounded like we were speaking with our hands over our mouths while we recorded it . Not recommended .
 I gave this phone a 5 star rating after I first got it . 2 months later , it went hay-wire . It was almost like it was possessed , then died . This phone did n't last long enough to remove the plastic screen guards . Now , I give this phone 1 star , but even that 's too high . That 's dissapointing being a Motorola . I like their products . TRUST THESE REVIEWS THAT HAVE TIME UNDER THEIR BELT . They 're nice & sweet out of the box , but after that , it 's all downhill baby ...
 I bought this unit in a package with 2 additional handsets . While I gave the unit two stars , I 'd lower that to one star if you intend to expand to additional handsets.For starters , the quality is horrendous . The first time I replaced the batteries in the base unit -LRB- which are there just in case the wallplug power fails -RRB- , the battery cover clip snapped , so now I have to tape it shut . In addition , rows of pixels in the LCD displays have failed making it difficult to read.As far as features go , the worst is the address book . You are limited to 11 characters in the name . The list can be sorted alphabetically , but not SEARCHED alphabetically . You either need to scroll down the list , or memorize the item # -LRB- you can call Mom if you know shes listing # 10 by pressing 10 -RRB- . Each additional handset stores its own address book . In order to use the shared address book -LRB- from the base -RRB- , you have to press a button to toggle to the shared list . The intercom feature does n't work well either . It seems to fail to make the connection occasionally , or works only one-way . Battery life on the additional handsets is awful . I routinely run out if on the phone for 60-90 minutes .
 I wanted to like this phone . Very cool easy to use features.The problem ? Poor sound quality . Sorry all the coolness andfeatures in the world will not make up for that . While I hadthis system I was comparing to a Panasonic KX-TG2583S . That phonehas issues but not will sound .
 I thought the Motorola name meant quality products -- but after using this phone I now know better . The following are a few of the problems I had with this phone :1 . What 's the point of having a Caller ID phone if the caller ID information DISAPPEARS after the SECOND ring ... and just says `` ncoming Call '' ? 2 . Sometimes the phone just does NOT ring on the cordless handset when a call is coming in ... it just lights up . I ca n't tell you how many times I 'd hear the corded base phone located in another part of my home ringing -- and the handset next to me does n't .3 . You can not turn OFF or LOWER the volume on the ringing cordless handset or corded base if you do n't want to answer a call . This is extremely annoying ... and definetly NOT a phone for a home with sleeping babies or those who do not want to be disturbed .4 . You can not listen to messages from the corded base phone PRIVATELY . It only works with the speaker phone .5 . If you want to call a name from your saved phonebook list ... you have to scroll through ALL 100 + names to get to the one you want . On my previous phone all you had to do was hit the keypad number to the corresponding alphabet letter -LRB- example
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY . I BOUGHT THIS PHONE THINKING THAT MOTOROLA HAS TO BE THE BEST . I CAN NOT HEAR ANYONE WITH THE CORDLESS PHONES AND YOU CAN NOT ADJUST THE EAR PIECE VOLUME . I AM LUCKY IF ANY MESSAGES COME OUT WITH THE ANSWERING MACHINE . THE NICE THINGS ARE THE CALLER ID , DIFFERENT RING TONES AND THATS IT . WASTE OF MY MONEY . SORRY MOTOROLA , JUST DID N'T CUT IT THIS TIME AROUND .
 We got this phone -LRB- base with two handsets -RRB- three years ago for close to $ 150 . The reception was good , the base is solid . We love the walkie-talkie feature . But as many reviewers said the phonebook is annoying , no search function at all . That 's not the worst , both handsets lost function of quite some buttons . One is impossible to use other than taking a call . I am not sure if Motorola is bad at this or what . I own a simple Motorola cell phone , which also has two keys lost function . In addition , the handsets had very short battery life , talking maximum 20 min . The phone including the base will not ring sometimes , I am not sure it 's the problem of the phone or the phone service company -LRB- Vonage -RRB- . Now we are looking to just change the handsets , not sure if other brands ' handsets will work with this phone base .
 This was an impulse purchase while shopping at the Home Despot or equivalent , I wo n't do that again ! Bad sound quality , bad answering machine , short battery life , where to start?The sound quality is simply awful . It seems to cut off the first half-syllable of any speech . That 's enough to disqualify it from consideration , but there is more bad to come.The phone only has a small red LED to alert you of a recorded message , so small you have to look closely to see if there are messages waiting . Answering machine performance is subpar , when you play messages it only gives you the day - not date - of the call , and since it does n't maintain its time of day clock for long after a power failure -LRB- more about that later -RRB- , you can only guess the date of a message . You ca n't erase a message while its reception day is announced , you must wait for the message to start playing . When it 's done playing there is no opportunity to erase it , so you have to play it - and listen to the time and day all over again . If the message is short , such as when the caller hangs up after listening to the OGM , there is little opportunity to erase it at all . This idiotic design makes it so inconvenient to erase messages that the machine quickly fills up with `` old '' messages . This would n't be so bad if the machine stored the date of the call , so I could tell if it 's old enough to forget about , but all I know is that a message was received `` Wednesday '' . That may have been several Wednesdays ago.As others noted the caller ID appears shortly after the first ring , then disappears , making the feature almost useless . Furthermore , if you scroll through your incoming calls , and elect to erase one of the entries , that leaves a `` hole '' in its memory that becomes filled by the next call . In other words , you ca n't simply determine who called last by looking at the last entry in the list , the only way to do that is to never erase any caller ID entries - another stupid design.More stupidity is the time and date setup . Setting the month , date , and year should be sufficient for the phone to determine the day of the week , but no , you have to program the date and the day . A little more memory would have fixed this annoyance.It has a battery backup -LRB- 4 AA batteries -RRB- but the batteries become fully depleted after a day or two without power . The phone comes with a wall mount bracket , but installing it covers the battery compartment , so replacing the batteries is inconvenient to the point I 've stopped trying . Since having to set the time , date , and day every time the power fails , I stopped doing that too.My phone came with a wireless handset . It is also power-hungry so do n't plan on leaving it out of its charger for more than a day . Its display began to deteriorate soon after I got it , the LCD display is now missing entire rows of pixels so it 's become illegible.In summary this phone is complete and utter junk , the only positive thing I can say is that when I called to complain about its awful sound quality their customer service was pleasant , and suggested it may have been due to wireless network interference . I do n't think my wireless network is conspiratorial enough to cut off only the first syllable of every word , so I doubt that 's it . By the way she asked where the phone is installed - in the kitchen of course . She said that 's the worst place for a phone . Bizarre , no?Between this unpleasant piece of junk and an even worse Motorola cell phone I had for a brief time , I will never buy another Motorola product again.If you call me and leave a message , but I do n't get back to you , now you know why . Send me a post card .
 after finally accepting the fact that Uniden phones are worthless , I decided to spend more money and go for a name I trusted , Motorola . But instead of getting a quality phone what I got was one of the worst phones I 've ever owned . I do n't even know where to start ... Sound quality was n't great to begin with but after a few months it was mostly bad -LRB- echoes , interference , etc. -RRB- . The batteries immediately began to indicate that they were losing power as soon as they were removed from the charger . Though I noticed it immediately , I did n't think much of it at first . I assumed the phone software was just calibrated strictly to indicate loss of power . But now I 'm looking at this phone that I 've owned for over a year and the battery , after getting a full charge , will only last for maybe 10-20 mins!The phonebook system is ridiculous - why did n't they just make it like a cellphone 's ? If you have lots of contacts , you must scroll through them all , there are no shortcuts within the phonebook system . The phone has two phonebooks -LRB- public and private -RRB- , but you ca n't choose a default -LRB- the way the phonebook system is designed makes this ` feature ' incredibly annoying -RRB- . I could go on and on ... but why ? Terrible reception ; bad batteries ; moronic phonebook interface should be enough to make anyone say ` NO ' . . but believe me , it does n't stop there . . there are numerous problems with this phone . TOTAL GARBAGE !!
 This is absolutely the worst phone we 've ever owned . The sound quality is terrible and the battery loses it 's charge in just a few hours . Do not buy this phone . We 're now looking for new phones to replace these .
 Although this phone looks very sheek and had all the features we wanted it had terrible reception . No matter how close you got to the base you could hear static and you got that feedback where you can hear yourself talking . Other than the reception the phone was perfect , but since a phone is more about how it works than what it has I have to give this one only one star . By the way we tried two of this model before we moved on to the 5.8 GHZ .
 We have this phone at my office and it 's junk . Reception is awful . I think you could hear better with two Campbell 's soup cans and a string . Have a nice day .
 I only used this phone once because the sound quality is terrible . Little kids will probably like to play with it.Don ' t waste your money on this phone .
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . It claims to be a 5.8 GHz but I ca n't move as far from the base as I can with my 2.4 GHz cordless phone . In addition , it has the habit of cutting off in the middle of calls !! Ca n't rely on it .
 ... Yo lamento mucho escribir este reporte para un tel&eacute;fono de marca TAN PRESTIGIOSA , pero la verdad este producto no me funcion&oacute; para nada bien . La recepci&oacute;n es terrible , a una corta distancia de la base y 2-3 muros de por medio y olv&iacute;dese de utilizar el tel&eacute;fono pues la recepci&oacute;n es nula ! . Puede ser que &eacute;ste tel&eacute;fono espec&iacute;fico tuviese alg&uacute;n defecto , pero lamentablemente en Amazon me informaron que no ten&iacute;an existencias en stock para reemplazarlo , as&iacute; que mi &uacute;nica opci&oacute;n fue devolverlo y casi de inmediato Amazon me reitegr&oacute; mi dinero . & iquest ; Que pas&oacute; Motorola ? , pilas ah&iacute; !!!
 The highest volume setting is barely audible.The options are limited.More profit for an American company at the expense of Americans .
 For 2 to 3 sheets they hold for minor reviewing but not for long and certinally not all the well . Not easy to use and no instructions . Do n't corner staple as you will just tear the paper .
 I got this eraser . It was cheep , but the product itself was awesome , it erased well . The only problem is that , the title says box of 12 , so thinking that , ill get 12 magic rubs , i thought , ` hey thats nice ' so i bought it . But all it came was 1 piece , and i was really dissappointed.SO DONT LET THE SELLER TRICK YOU ! > . >
 Our 7 year old son said it best `` just because they call it magic rub does n't mean it erases like magic . '' . I was very disappointed in the quality . The erase on his Ticonderoga pencil was much better than magic rub . This left marks all over his worksheet . I would not recommend especially for the price .
 I ordered this eraser from Amazon and received on time.The quality is perfect . However , when I went to buy some other items from `` Staples '' , the same product with the same brand and quantity , was just $ 2.00 . That means I paid more than 100 % for same product .
 Sent me 1 eraser when I bought a box of 24 in a HUGE box filled with tons of paper . Hooray ! A $ 15 eraser ! Maybe it is magical or filled with gold and rubies !
 I now understand the first reviewer 's comment . I admit some fault for not paying close enough attention , but looking at the picture of a box where it shows the quantity as ' 12 ' , I thought I was getting 12 tubes with five erasers each . No , I got no box , just one tube of five erasers , which at the time I bought it was $ 3.30 . But hey , if I did n't make mistakes , I would n't be trying to buy erasers in bulk.The eraser quality is okay , though I find them to be a bit hard . I wish it was easier to find decent replacement erasers in quantity at a reasonable price . I do n't think these are worth the cost , you might as well be buying all new pencils .
 Disappointed with the actual product compared to the picture displayed when researching the item . Correct item , just display is not accurate .
 This is the crappiest pen in existence . BIC pens are of better quality . I bought this pen to serve as the pen to sign the paper work to my first home . In the course of 2 months , the pen literally fell apart . Needless to say I was not able to use the pen for its intended purpose.In conclusion , this is not an instument of fine writing . If that is what you desire , you should bite the bullet and spend some dollars on a quality pen .
 The listing title states 100 cards now -LRB- not 10 times that as I guess it used to -RRB- . Far too expensive , at this time approximately 5 dollars.You can get 1000 cards on Amazon for less than this - seems to be trying to trick customers , the only way this listing could stay up is that people click on it by mistake thinking that all the index cards for sale were larger packs .
 Do not * * order this -- I placed an order for '10 packs of 100 ' and received 1 pack . One ! They 're $ .44 at most thrift stores . Who would pay more than ten times that ? Amazon should discontinue this listing immediately and cease doing business with this kind of disreputable vendor .
 The problem is that there are only 100 of them . The listing says describes `` 10 pack -LSB- sic -RSB- of 100 '' but all I received was one pack of 100 . I just paid five dollars for a hundred cards . This is the product page I bought from : http://www.amazon.com/Oxford-Ruled-Index-Inches-31/dp/B00006IFCX/ref=sr_1_2?rps=1&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1332539066&sr;=8-2
 The index cards are fine . They are just as good as any you buy in a stationery store . I bought these index cards based on the listing shown as `` Oxford Ruled Index Cards , 3 x 5 Inches , White , 10 pack of 100 -LRB- 31 -RRB- '' on March 19 , 2012 . I should have received 1000 index cards , right ? No , I received only 100 cards . The index cards were sold by Direct Liquidations . I called Amazon , even the Amazon representative said I should have received 1000 index cards . I told him I wanted to return the items . He told me to just keep it at no charge and he credited my account for the $ 4.79 . This is deceptive advertising . Beware what you buy here ... . I must say that Amazon was fair in crediting the full amount I paid . When in doubt on the item or if it looks too good to be true , it probably is . As of March 26 , 2012 A.M. , the product listing still has not been corrected . Listing has been corrected on March 26 , 2012 P.M. For 100 index cards ... . way too expensive . Go to the $ 1.00 Store . Amazon marketplace vendor BuyBizSupplies is a very honorable business . I brought this to their attention and they told me they would honor the quantity and the price . I receieved 10 packs of 100 index cards for $ 2.00 + $ 3.29 shipping . Thank you BuyBizSupplies . END OF SUBJECT .
 Do n't buy anything like this lamp from HUAW Sports because they are not shipping anything out , not returning emails and just charging your charge card . BTW , HUAW Sports also owns The Buckeye Connection in Columbus OH on 400 N. High Street ! Maybe I can go there and get my lamp in person since they already took my money for it .
 I ordered a NEW print pack and received a box that is all beat up and it 's dated 2001 ! The die in the ink ribbon is probably all dried up or will dry up quickly once opened !
 I 've tried just about every HP paper type together with my HP Deskjet 5655 to resolve smearing problems . A4 or Letter sized Premium Photo Paper Glossy or Plus Glossy will smear seriously . If you look at the prints you get a feeling that the color is building up on top of the paper rather than being absorbed by it . You can even feel it . And if you put water on it , you can wipe it practically white clean in 10 seconds . Does n't matter if you wait 3 minutes or 3 months , result is the same.However , make the same prints on 4x6in or 10x15cm HP Photo Paper , and they come out perfectly . You can even wash !!! the photos 10 seconds after printing and not a single trace of ink will come off . I blame the paper , but I 'm starting to think that the HP printers only use the Photo Ink for small papers and that the regular Ink is used for large papers -LRB- I do n't see any other pattern in my test results -RRB- . I 've wasted hundereds of dollars trying to get permanent printouts on Letter/A4 sized paper , but so far failed . I 'm currently limited to using it for 4x6in printing only .
 You can not get better color from your computer printer for pictures then by using Hewlett Packard Glossy Paper . HOWEVERunless you live in 30 % Relative Humidity year round it will wrinkle like a lasagna noodle . Bite the bullet and buy the much more expensive Premium PLUS Photo Paper unless you want to keep your pictures under glass or only show them in the winter . Please note , under glass does not mean in a frame , they will wrinkle there also .
 I do n't like to write negative reviews , but I want to let others know about this paper . I have a HP Officejet Pro printer , so I thought that HP paper would be the best way to go . This paper made all of our printed photos look dark and dingy . I had Staples paper prior to purchasing this , and I ended up purchasing Office Depot Premium Photo Paper Gloss after , and both printed much nicer . I would not buy this product again and do n't know what to do with all I have left ...
 bought this phone to see incomming calls , display was way too dim.needed amazon to help return to seller -LRB- minus shipping -RCB- note that the phone was new , not remanufactured .
 I use a speakerphone often , and using one without a MUTE capability makes this phone useless to me . I quickly stopped using this phone .
 I ordered these before and they worked great - except the red marker stopped working . So I ordered the same set , and this time the red marker was dry right out of the box . Red is a pretty important color - it 's one of the big 3 -LRB- Red Blue Green -RRB- so this was pretty disappointing.If the merchant sends me a working red marker and makes this right with us I 'll update my review . It 's not worth the time and postage to return an item this small .
 On lined side , top red title line and some blue body lines have printing voids on all 100 cards . This is a bad batch printing run . I used the blank no-lined side , so it still worked for my project .
 From the Amazon review this looks like a great toy , so I went to a local store to confirm that it would be suitable for our son . The box contains the following warning
 I gave it as a gift to my nephew as a 7 year birthday gift , he loves it.I never saw it so I ca n't review it .
 Warning ... this is not `` 40 packs '' as described , this is 1 pack of 100 cards . The description is `` Oxford Blank Index Cards , 4 x 6 Inches , White , 100 Pack -LRB- 40 Packs -RRB- by Pendaflex -LRB- Jun 25 , 2009 -RRB- '' . When I received my 1 pack of cards I asked the company where the other 39 packs were and they said the description was wrong -LRB- still not fixed -RRB- and since I ordered `` 1 '' I was supposed to know it was 1 pack even though it clearly states `` 40 packs '' . Still trying to get return shipping for my very expensive pack of cards to return it.UPDATE
 This is rather expensive for note cards , I can buy a pack of 100 at my local walmart for 46 cents !
 These cards were a complete waste of money . I wanted cards I could use during a speech where the cards would n't bend over backwards while I was holding them . These cards are n't much thicker than paper . Too bad Amazon does n't include the card thickness in the description .
 It 's as described , but it 's very thin paper . I was hoping for something sturdy , and these cards are just barely thicker than printer paper . Disappointing but not worth the hassle of returning !
 I was looking for RED index cards . Although the front of the card looks more pink , I thought that the sides and the back might be darker . Nope , they are pink . The color `` cherry '' is not accurate to me .
 How can index cards rate only two stars ? Simple ; the quality was poor and the cost of shipping was outrageous . However , most of the poor rating relates to the quality of the cards.For years I have used Esselte colored index cards for note-taking with a pencil or pen . They have been consistently uniform in color -LRB- blue , pink , or orange -RRB- and have had a normal `` paper finish . '' I buy them at local office supply stores . But when I needed more , no local outlet had the colored ones I wanted , so I settled for an on-line order.The cards I ordered here were of much lesser quality then those I had been buying over the years . These blue cards are lightly dappled with an off-blue color . I 'd guess that a manufacturing problem is to blame . And they have a weird finish that is difficult to explain
 Hey Guys , I bought this Card File Drawer thinking I could organize all my cards . Unfortunately it does n't come with an Alphabetical Card Index to separate and organize my cards by name of company or by person 's name ... This , in my opinion , defeats the purpose of a card `` FILE '' drawer -LRB- It 's just a drawer -RRB- . I would have been better off with a rollodex ... Just beware there is no system to organize your cards , just the cabinet ...
 Flimsy holder behind the cards ; they fall into the back of the drawer . Returned it and bought the Buddy product , which has a metal holder behind the cards and holds them upright .
 I have long been a fan of Extra fine sharpies but this one has pro ink that does n't write upside down or at an angle well . It does stay on marginally better . Get the regular ones . Ultra fine sharpies represent the vast majority of sharpies but the tips degrade easily . Get Extra fine .
 THE PHONE WORKS ABOUT AVERAGE EXCEPT FOR THE CALLER ID FEATURE WHICH IS PRACTICALLY USELESS . THE SCREEN ON WHICH THE NAME AND NUMBER OF THE CALLER IS DISPLAYED IS VERY SMALL AS IS THE PRINTING AND WHEN THE PHONE IS HUNG ON THE WALL IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO READ ANYTHING ON THE SCREEN WITHOUT BENDING DOWN ABOUT 12 INCHES BELOW THE PHONE . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE CALLER ID.ROCKO
 BE CAREFUL ! The description is misleading . The charge is NOT for a box of a dozen as it says , but for a single marker . I thought I 'd found an amazing deal , but ended up having to have my purchase money refunded when I got ten markers instead of the ten dozen this page and my purchase order indicated that I had bought .
 Not like the one from 1960 that still does good and sturdy service on my Mother 's desk . This new model is made with thinner steel and although copied very well it does not hold a good firm shape . The top corners can split if not handled with care or shipped without enough packing materials . Too bad , I will have to make one out of wood or find an old one at a garage sale . The supplier was very responsive and refunded my money , I would order from them again .
 Thought this box would be a better item due to the price . Kind of spendy for the cheap and shoddy workmanship . The lid feels like it was made for a box at least a 1/4 inch wider and longer , falls down over the sides , and was already scuffed and damaged right out of the box . The lid is fitted so sloppily that it can be moved back and forth side to side over 1 inch . Made from a cheap sheet metal , paint is n't sticking well.I do n't mean to bash Chinese manufacturing , but come on guys , this is ridiculous . Pay a cheap price , get lousy quality . Upgrade and pay more and it shows up lousy , still made in China . Save your money , take a good stiff shoebox , make a hinge across the back from a piece of duct tape , and you will have a better box than this one.Back she goes to the vendor ... have to vote with my wallet and quit putting up with this junk !
 Ordered 2 3x5 Steelmaster file boxes . Both had the covers jammed down far enough to break the plastic once upon a time made of steel card followers and distort the covers . In an attempt to keep them I straightened the covers and super glued the broken parts just to have the follower break under light use some where else.The old originals had a follower made of steel and a stop to prevent over extension of the cover . Not anymore . The new improved import is n't worth its weight in scrap steel . Maybe a better name for it might be `` ScrapMaster `` The sad part of it is that there are not any quality file boxes to be found anywhere ,
 The product is poorly made although it is nice looking . The hinges do n't feel like they would hold up with constant use . If you press on the top of the box it moves to the right which should n't happen because it is metal . The interior is too narrow to file index cards with ease . It should be a little wider . I returned it which is a shame because it matched my desk accessories .
 This would have been a nice card file box if the lid would have closed properly . I do n't think it was damaged from shipping because the outer and inner boxes were not damaged at all . I had to return the product !
 Within several days , the sleeves came apart . I stapled them to prevent them from completely separating . Do n't buy this product .
 I have used many different types of these sleeves and these particular ones are by far the worst . Basically , they rip if you even look at them , let alone try to put paper in them .
 Not a fine point at all . Misleading packagingand description . Its your average Sharpie , witha fattish point .
 Do not purchase these if you 're looking for markers for any kind of setting where you need them to be resistant to ethanol -LRB- or any alcohol for that matter -RRB- . I honestly see no difference between these and regular sharpies , they were bought because I work in a lab and we always use 70 % ethanol to sterilize our equipment and after one application the ink ran and came almost entirely off .
 These markers must be very old !! Out of the 1st 4 used , the ultra fine tip quickly dried out with very little use rendering the marker useless to me . The primary reason for paying the higher price is because of the ultra fine tip !! I needed a marker with this very fine tip . This is not it . Why do they sell junk like this ? That costs us extra time to return it and then find a good seller .
 Got what I paid for . They just do n't last that long after a few uses . Wo n't buy again that 's for sure .
 Either PaperMate started to make them cheap or it 's a scam , but these felt pens are not what I remember . The pens I got looked different than what is shown on the box . They seem like plain `` felt markers '' , cheaply made in mexico to look like papermate 's , not at all having the `` Porous Point '' end that writes smoothly . It 's either a scam or papermate 's way to cut corners and save money . I am not satisfied at all and returned them .
 I 've been using Flair pens for years , and was disappointed to hear that they had been redesigned . The ribs on the barrel are gone and it just does n't feel the same . But my biggest disappointment was that one of the new Flair pens , from the very first box I tried , leaked . There was ink on the barrel , covered by the cap . When I used the pen it got ink all over my fingers , and the ink does not clean up easily . Despite washing my hands multiple times the ink did not come off . Unfortunately , this was just before I had to speak to an an audience at lunchtime . I also had to speak in the evening and the ink stains had barely faded after scrubbing and washing many times.And so , sadly , I can no longer trust my formerly trusty Flair pens . I 'll be looking for an alternative to this once great product.September 29 , 2012 update
 Either a bad batch or a chinese knock-off . The pens never produced a saturated red line and dried up in days .
 These pens write beautifully , but they smear onto your hands . The ink is NOT permanent , even on paper . I do not recommend these . Go for Sharpie Pens .
 I received an open box with just 10 pens -- two shy of the advertised 12 -- and the image of the pen on the box varied from the actual pen . I ca n't yet speak to the quality of the pens I received , but regardless it was not the pen I ordered .
 The pens themselves are great . But there were only 11 in the package which had obviously been opened already . How low life .
 Should have listened to the previous review . Paid $ 80 and received two UNCAPPED markers in a huge box . Ridiculous . Will report to amazon . DO NOT BUY .
 At first I was n't impressed because it would n't go long before the ink would lighten on whatever I was writing on.But I noticed , when I shook it , the ink reserve would rattle.During shipping the ink reserve must have been jarred loose . I popped off the back cap and pushed it down with with a pencil.Now that it is n't rattling around anymore , this thing seems to write forever!Edit
 BE CAREFUL ! The description is misleading . The charge is NOT for a box of a dozen as it says , but for a single marker . I thought I 'd found an amazing deal , but ended up having to have my purchase money refunded when I got ten markers instead of the ten dozen this page and my purchase order indicated that I had bought .
 I thought the markers would be in the box as shown . Nope . The came in a very flimsy , clear plastic bag . I wanted the box because these are going in my toolbox for work and I need to keep it fairly organized so I can find what I need efficiently . I had to return these and ended up just going to the local office supply store and bought the one in the box for less than I paid here . What a waste of time . I also bought other items there that still had n't been shipped by Amazon yet and cancelled that order . I will never buy from this site again .
 I worked with a batch of the black sharpie chisel markers and hate them . The sharpie cap has two parts . When you pull the cap off , an inner cap -LRB- which keeps the tip moist -RRB- tends to stick on the tip of the marker and has to be removed and replaced or shoved back into the cap before the cap goes back on . A bad product because it is not user friendly .
 The price was right , but this item was returned immediately after opening . The box had no packing material ! It was unrecognizable as even being a desk accessory ! The wood was of inferior quality . Pay a little more , and buy something else !!! I did !!
 My disappointment is not toward the product in general , but towards the particular product I received.I have been using this particular pen for a long time and absolutely love it . However , the pack of 12 I received from amazon contained 12 pens - all of which had dried up.I hope it was a one-off thing from amazon and I was unfortunate enough to receive a faulty product.I recommend the pens though -- just a lesson that even products received directly from amazon.com can sometimes be faulty .
 I have an avenue binder that is the worst design possible . It seems that they might actually try their products first before getting them to market . The pocket for the calculator does n't close and the calculator falls out , the compartments for the business cards do n't close and the business cards fall out . It 's totally worthless !!!!!
 I 'd suggest passing on these markers ... ca n't smell anything :-LRB- I purchased the RoseArt scented markers at the same time ... if you are looking for good smelling washable markers , those are the better bet .
 This supplier is a group of BURROS who ca n't read their own ads , or count . I ordered a box of this item -LRB- 12 -RRB- ; I got ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- !!
 I purchased these for marking up mild steel that I am fabricating , but I went back to using a sharpie . The problem is that the white grease/chalk does not want to work on smooth surfaces , and the tips are not very fine so writing is not easy . That means these would probably be bad for china as well . If you have rough or porous surfaces , they might work great . I think I 'll try to send them back ...
 Poor quality , it does n't unwind well , the cord breaks - and the grease is very hard . Ended up using a pencil sharpener which is awful with grease pencils
 This supplier is a group of BURROS who ca n't read their own ads , or count . I ordered a box of this item -LRB- 12 -RRB- ; I got ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- !!
 This supplier is a group of BURROS who ca n't read their own ads , or count . I ordered a box of this item -LRB- 12 -RRB- ; I got ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- !!
 THIS ITEM IS SOLD PER PIECE ... . SELLER SHOULD CHANGE ITEM TITLE / DESCRIPTION TO READ '' item sold per piece ''
 The product received is not what is shown in the picture . The picture shows that this item is Xylene-free Sharpie King Size Permanent Markers , but we received non-xylene-free Sharpie Pro Permanent Markers . After calling customer service , they placed a new order . Again , I received the Sharpie Pro 's . The picture and the actual product both show product number 15001 , but are NOT the same product .
 I typically love all Sharpie products . Purchased these for my preschool teachers to use on eco friendly paper . The markers bleed right through whether the paper is flat or on a chart stand . SO disappointed !! The colors are great - but does n't do the job it promises .
 I was excited to get my new pens , but when I opened it the package had been ruined and written on
 Sharpies are great , no question about it . But my pack of 12 only came with 11 markers . Very disappointing . Sure , it 's only a marker , but how can that get screwed up ?
 These are described as ` sharp with a fine point ' . They are the opposite . The points are soft and mushy !! I need something to write on a plastic freezer bag for storage . They do n't work , period , despite these reviews . The point is so soft & mushy you ca n't write any letter that is articulate . I suppose if you write on something big , like a poster , they might work , but NOT for ordinary sizes . Even on letter size they are worthless because the points are so soft that when you try to write each individual letter its like trying to write with a paint brush ! -LRB- If you want to paint something black then you might consider these lol -RRB- There should be a way to give stuff like this a minus star for junk . I 'm grateful for Amazon 's 5-star return policy that allows me to send these back without paying for shipping .
 Every single marker in the box was defective ! It seems as if the ink was dried up ... I had to have a scrap sheet of paper handy before using these pens so that I could get them started by scribbling on the scrap paper first . A real pain !
 Bought a 12 pack for my building and ended up with 12 ruined whiteboards -LRB- these are expensive whiteboards -RRB- . Will not come off .
 Gee , tried one out of the box immediately after they arrived . It acted as though it had been laying around without the cap on for one or two days . Tried another with the same result . This is not what I was expecting based on the great preponderance of glowing reviews . I have given 6 of the pens to my school teacher daughter without sharing my results . I will update this review when I get feedback from her
 The green ink of this pen is not typical pen-green ink but fluorescent green . It does n't show up well on paper - think highlighter green . It 's a shame because the ink flows smoothly , just a stupid color . I actually have a BIC pen that is the same exact color , and no use for that either . Too bad there was n't a picture of the green pen .
 Do 60 % of my shopping on line . This was one of the worst ! Ordered 12 got 1 .
 i bought these pens because i am a fashion designer and i love the way they work on designs . But i bought 24 pens and they sent me 2 . and charged me 16 dollars for shipping which was ridicules and then are rude to me on the phone ... after all of that they send me 22 batched pens but i dont even wanted to deal with it anymore !!! dont ever buy them bc its a total scam !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product was damaged upon receipt . The box -LRB- the actual box that the markers are in -RRB- is bent , ripped , and taped . There is also a missing cap from the black marker . This appears to be a very used set and sold as new . Gee thanks ... this is a gift . Horribly disappointing .
 I am disappointed with the product , because all the markers are drying out after one use . I guess they were old , maybe sitting on the shelf for too long before I bought them .
 Corporate trainers and teachers have been noticing for two years that the quality of Mr.Sketch markers has dropped significantly . The tips do not write well and they are not `` juicy '' enough , so letters on a flip chart can no longer be seen at a distance . Calling the company -LRB- contact information below -RRB- just confirms that they know they have a problem and are `` working on it '' but there is no solution yet . Very disappointing for us very loyal customers who have insisted on what were the best writing , non-toxic , brilliant colored markers out there at a reasonable price . Please join in and urge them to return to their prior quality . Newell Rubbermaid Office Products Group -LRB- formerly Sanford -RRB- 2707 Butterfield RoadOakbrook , IL 60523 -LRB-800-RRB-323-0749
 Dr. Denise A. Goodman says : I have been a human services trainer for over 20 years and have sworn by Mr. Sketch , have purchased them in bulk , given them to friends and encouraged new trainers to buy them ... NOT ANY MORE ! The quality has gone downhill , the new pointy tip does n't write well on flipcharts and they are not as `` juicy '' anymore ... they seem to dryout after only a few uses ... I am looking for a new product ! So if any trainers have a suggestion , please post here . If you read the great reviews , they are from a few years ago when they were better quality , moister and had a broad tip .
 3 of the markers were dried out . but i really dont blame the company . i could 've just gone to staples and got them myself . But for the ones that did work - long lasting vibrant colors . I usually dont expect less when it comes to sharpie
 Sanford 's Expo2 Dry Erase markers , like others , are great while they work . But if they dry out or run out , they do n't work , and their GREAT disadvantage over chalk is that you ca n't tell . With chalk , you can tell at a glance whether it will work - and it works equally well right up to the time at which it 's too short to hold . With these and other Dry Erase markers , you ca n't tell at a glance whether or not they will work , and they works less well every time you use them after the first time . Add to this their high cost relative to chalk , and the relative difficulty -LRB- and higher cost -RRB- of cleaning the board . As a college instructor , I 'd rather have chalk . -LRB- Does anyone know how to revitalize a dried-out marker ? What solvent , if any , would get it working again ? -RRB-
 I just mounted my new white board and tried out the four markers in this package . Three of them work just fine , although they have a pretty strong odor . The blue one did n't work at first , and then when it did the color came out blotchy . When I went to erase it , it did n't erase ; it just turned a big part of the board a watery blue . I have tried repeatedly to remove the color with white-board cleaner , but I ca n't get it all out.I had bought two packs of these , so I tried out the second pack just to see if the first one I got was defective . I had the same problem ; black , red and green work fine , but the blue stains the board . Clearly , this is not a one-off defect.I 'm amazed . Sanford Expo is the leading brand for white-board supplies . It 's hard to believe that they would ship a product that not only does n't work but that does damage instead . That 's a real trust-breaker . Hey , Sanford -- are you reading these reviews ?
 `` 5 of the 12 sharpies are totally dry ! I finally went to use them with my grade school art students the other day , first time opening the box was at school . I need the markers , not a refund , so would love to just have 5 replacements rather than return all 12 . ''
 EVERY SINGLE MARKER WAS DRIED OUT AND DEAD . COMPLETELY USELESS . DO NOT BUY AND IF YOU DO SAVE YOUR PACKAGING SO THAT YOU CAN SEND IT BACK
 Maybe just my mistake of not knowing what sharpies are for , but do not count on these to use on paper . They will bleed through , even so far as to mark the page underneath the one you are writing on . No way you can use 2 sides of the same sheet of paper!As mentioned by someone else , these are NOT EVEN CLOSE to being .02 . Maybe .07 or even thicker . I will try to return them as not as advertised.So these may work for writing on CDs or DVDs , but do not buy them to use for normal writing on paper .
 My issue is n't with the product -LRB- Sharpies are great -RRB- . My Warning to you regards the new agreements amazon has set up with these off site companies , like for this sharpie . Apparently in stock means at the company NOT at amazon . The company waits till it gets a bunch of orders from amazon , then the company sends the orders to amazon who repackages it into their own boxes and sends it out to the group of customers.SO if you , as I did , buy a book for class that you need THIS WEEK but ALSO buy one of these sharpies , and even pay for expedited shipping , the two items are will get lumped together and you wo n't get your book shipped to you for another 3 to 5 WEEKS , yes WEEKS ... not 3 to 5 days as paid for !!!!!!! I did n't realize what had happened till it was 3 days after purchase and amazon had not yet sent me a shipping notification . I got on line , looked at the order and saw shipping date that over a month after my purchase date -- BOTH ITEMS WERE LISTED AS IN STOCK !!! I called them , and basically yelled my head off till they rectified the situation , which they did n't want to do , I had to ask for the manager ... . finally they separated the two items and expedited my book to next day shipping.SO , WARNING . When they say its through a 2nd company , even if its listed as super saving shipping , you ca n't count on getting it in any sort of a timely manner and if you link it to an item you need quickely , you 'll be very unhappy with the result .
 I ordered three boxes of these Sharpies for use in my high school art class . At least three in every box did not work , i.e. the ink was dried out . That was quite disappointing , as I ordered boxes of 12 expecting to be able to put all of them to use .
 Sharpie are great - but when you order little items like this , you dont expect it to get it wrong.I got so dissappointed that the box is suppose to come with a dozen pens and my box only came with 11 pens.Its annoying when its so small but it seem like quality control of having the correct amount is not there .
 It took well over an hour just to remove the parts from the packaging.The diagram of the parts and how they fit together was impossible to figure out at least for this Ga. . Tech Engineer . The parts had no markings to correlate to the schematic . I realized I did not need this desk , loaded it into my SUV and hauled it to the dump.You should beware of buying this product . WS Britton
 I 've used the originals for years and found them to be of superior quality and performance . When I saw the new Expo2 's , I assumed that detail to quality would be consistent in their new product . I was clearly wrong.ProsFirst off , let me say that the odor never really bothered me ... actually I sort of liked it ... but I understand some people may have a sensitivity to it , so kudos to Sanford for addressing that problem . Additionally , let me add that the colors in the Expo2 's are quite vivid , so well done there too . However ... Cons ... . the whole reason behind using a dry erase marker in the fist place is that it easily wipes clean ; these markers fail miserably on this count . They do n't just ghost , they smear and stick and require liberal use of cleaner after each use . I 've tried them on cheap ` shower-board ' whiteboards and on very expensive porcelain whiteboards , each with the same disappointing results . I even tried the old original Expo markers on the boards as a comparison to make sure it was n't the board that was defective . I plan on throwing this box out .
 As a teacher with dry erase boards all over my room , I 've used Expo markers extensively for many years . I work for a government agency , and we sometimes use the cheapest source for markers . I recommend Expo over any off brand we 've used . There 's simply no comparison . I write constantly the entire time I 'm teaching , and Expo is the only brand that can keep up.However , the newer `` low odor '' markers ca n't compete with the originals . The original markers might carry a strong odor , but they last at least three times as long . I do like the bullet tip over the original chisel tip . It gives someone who 's writing a lot extremely rapidly a lot less trouble . The chisel tip gets annoying because it does n't provide a consistent line . I have to constantly erase and fix skinny lines . The bullet tip is nice.The `` low odor '' will cost you at least twice as much and probably three or four times as much , though . They do n't last very long .
 I have to say these markers really do n't measure up to the quality expected from this manufacturer . The points are flattened after just a couple hours ' use - and I 'm not a `` lead finger '' user . Hopefully I will be able to find alternate markers soon as a box of these are worthless after just a few days .
 I thought the markers would be in the box as shown . Nope . The came in a very flimsy , clear plastic bag . I wanted the box because these are going in my toolbox for work and I need to keep it fairly organized so I can find what I need efficiently . I had to return these and ended up just going to the local office supply store and bought the one in the box for less than I paid here . What a waste of time . I also bought other items there that still had n't been shipped by Amazon yet and cancelled that order . I will never buy from this site again .
 I worked with a batch of the black sharpie chisel markers and hate them . The sharpie cap has two parts . When you pull the cap off , an inner cap -LRB- which keeps the tip moist -RRB- tends to stick on the tip of the marker and has to be removed and replaced or shoved back into the cap before the cap goes back on . A bad product because it is not user friendly .
 The product is good and working well . However , Walmart has exactly the same product and it is cheaper ! make sure compare the price when u buy it .
 Most of the markers work , but the black one was missing the writing tip so it was useless . I guess I only really need 3 markers , and it 's not really worth the effort to return it .
 Simple product , right ? I assumed a dry-erase marker would be judged by two criteria
 The pen point shape is ridiculous , I have to carefully tilt the pen when writing . The lid is tight , in an uncomfortable way
 I expected to get brand new markers in unused condition but what I received were markers that * looked * new.I used them once and capped them ... I came back to use them the next day -LRB- the red and black markers -RRB- and the ink looked more like grey and light red ... I wanted high quality markers which is why I came to the original brand ... Disappointment .
 `` IRISpen - This product does not work . '' IRIS leads one to believe that it will work out of the box - this is n't true . After much tinkering - it mostly does n't work !! I purchased the product from J&R ; Music World - that may have been the first mistake . For starters the installation is a piecemeal process and is riddled with errors . The translation software that comes with the IRIS Pen is hopeless.Please do yourself a favour and stay well clear of IRIS.Lloyd - Canada
 I got the marker for my moving boxes and after writing on a few boxes I was overwhelmed by the smell . I understand all markers has similar smell due to the chemical they use , but this ca n't be good for you . I just could n't stand it and threw it away .
 In the picture for these markers there are three -LRB- a red , blue and black marker -RRB- . Then when you receive your package there is only a single blue marker enclosed . Bait and switch , or just bad business ? Who cares
 This seller sends the much smaller `` King Sized '' markers instead of the `` Magnum '' markers when you order these . If you want the larger markers you have to order the `` Magnum Oversized '' markers.If you think that 's confusing and misleading , you 're right .
 They sell you a dozen -LRB- `` Sold by the dozen '' -RRB- and deliver one pen . Do n't buy from TCP Global Corp. .
 This marker should NOT be used for drawing . They are not archival safe which means as time passes drawings will warp and become distorted . I originally used these for drafting thumbnails and storyboards but not a simple uniball pen does the trick . - Just a heads up .
 Came in pretty fast and it works exactly how it 's supposed to . You can always trust a sharpie !!! Packaging was little cheap , but product is perfect.This is my update , these must be old , they are all dried up !!! This item sucks !
 Came in pretty fast and it works exactly how it 's supposed to . You can always trust a sharpie !!! Packaging was little cheap , but product is perfect.This is my update , these must be old , they are all dried up !!! This item sucks !
 This marker should NOT be used for drawing . They are not archival safe which means as time passes drawings will warp and become distorted . I originally used these for drafting thumbnails and storyboards but not a simple uniball pen does the trick . - Just a heads up .
 I was very disappointed with the plastic this is made from . If you were to open a box of cookies , the plastic in that is just as thick . It has one thin strip of double sided tape on the back to mount it . We returned ours and bought a magnetic basket to hold the markers . It cost less and was much nicer .
 I purchased these markers at a local store -LRB- instead of ordering them -RRB- . The reviews that I read prior to purchasing them stated that these markers erased more easily than the low odor EXPO markers . I opened up my package , and took one out.What I found was that they wrote very well -LRB- the ink line you get is solid -RRB- , BUT when I went to ERASE what I had written , a very bold ghost remained -LRB- allowing me to clearly see what I had written -RRB- , so I pushed harder on the eraser and tried again , and the only thing that it did was take the ghost away and leave me with a very distinct `` ink cloud '' - at that point the `` ink cloud '' remained no matter how much I erased the area . After having this occur once , I tested different erasers to find out if it was the eraser that was causing the problem instead of the ink . The same thing happened with all of the erasers - I was left with an `` ink cloud '' -LSB- I erased with the black magnetic OfficeMax eraser , the EXPO Precision Point eraser -LRB- the felt layer was clean due to recent removal of a layer -RRB- , and with the EXPO XL eraser -LRB- the felt layer was clean due to it being recently purchased -RRB- -RSB- . I tested at least 4 or 5 markers , and the same exact thing happened with all of them -LRB- when I tested them I made sure the whiteboard area was clean . ALSO , I tested these markers and erasers on both an EXPO 2 ' x 3 ' magnetic whiteboard , and a homemade whiteboard using a sheet of melamine for the dry erase surface - the results were identical on both boards . -RRB- On the health side , the odor from the ink is very noticeable -LSB- and I would assume that it could pose health hazards -LRB- an obvious symptom would be a headache -RRB- as a result of prolonged inhalation of the fumes/odors -RSB- . Personally , after this experience , I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND PURCHASING LOW ODOR MARKERS -LRB- you can take my word on this - no joke -RRB- . Low odor markers erase better -LRB- I have used them ever since I began to use whiteboards - I just bought the originals to see how they performed while under the impression that they erased better -RRB- , and if ghosts remain , they can be taken care of by erasing harder . Most importantly , low odor markers leave no `` ink clouds ! ''
 Got what I paid for . They just do n't last that long after a few uses . Wo n't buy again that 's for sure .
 I bought a box of these for an art class I am teaching . After using once of twice , minimally , they do n't work at all . Some of them did n't write , right out of the box . These are a horrible waste of money . I have to buy all new pens now , after just two uses .
 I thought it was going to be a nice pen considering I love using fine point pen ... but i 'd rather use r-501 from mitsubishi ... very disappointed
 In the description of this pen , it says that the tip type is `` needle . '' Maybe I 'm in the wrong here , but I figured that since needles are made of metal , the tip of this pen would be metal as well . It 's not , it 's made of felt . If that 's what you 're looking for , this pen is great , but if you wanted a fine pen which you could apply some pressure to , this pen is not what you 're looking for .
 This phone is the worst cordless phone that I have ever owned . I love the cradle , size , and features and Panasonic is tops in the cordless phone biz . But if the caller can not hear me and I can not hear them , then I might as well be using Dixie cups tied together with string !
 now i know my phones . u could say i collect cordless phones . i am a panasonic lover . this phone is horrible . convieneint for two cradles but cant hear anything on it and they cant hear u. u r in tunnel alot of times while talkng . i just hate it . i just knew it had to be panasonic i got , i hate ge with a purple passion . ge could not make a dog tird if they had too . i wish toyota would make a phone , , haha . but panasonic is always best , but man someone was really loaded or somethign when making this particular phone . its horrible . what a waste of money .
 I needed to return my phone . The parties I called could not hear me loud enough . I 've asked for a replacement . Perhaps I had a defective unit or it 's just a poor design . We 'll see how it goes when I get the replacement and try it out . If it 's still bad , back it goes for a refund .
 Seven out of the twelve pens in the box were dried out and unusable . Did n't notice until it was too late for me to return . I threw the bad pens away and in good faith , ordered another box . The second box was entirely dry too . DO NOT ORDER THESE PENS , THE SELLER 'S INVENTORY IS DRY AND UNUSABLE
 These markers produce a very faint line , almost like they are already dried out . I 'm sending mine back . Do n't waste your money on these and get the Expo brand .
 Well before I purchased a dated bottle system , I bought these to write on baby bottles and bottle tops for my baby with dates and food contents . Well it would not come off the top or the bottle , I tried bleach , comet and oxiclean and you can still see 3/15/11 on there . I have also tried it on Tupperware containers and it still leaves a black smudge or the words I wrote . So they are nice ... glide well , show up well and all that . . just know it 's not leaving well !
 The Swingline 545 broke within a week . When I opened it to see the problem , I discovered that the spring is made out of plastic rather than steel . So , of course , it broke . American staplers are made of steel.The product is NOT made in America , is not American quality . I have two American made Bostitch staplers that are older than I am -LRB- 12 -RRB- . No problem . I do not think that the 545 is typical of Swingline quality since my Swingline 767 seems to be OK . Swingline has not responded to my enquiries about this inferior product.Demand quality . Vote with your dollar .
 Boy , have staplers gotten bad in the past few years . I bought a few staplers for my wife 's dental practice , and all of them frequently jam . The lost time in trying to get these unjammed would have paid for dozens of staplers . Does anyone make a stapler in the USA anymore . This Chinese stuff wastes a lot of time !
 I purchased this stapler in hopes that it was all metal . It is indeed mostly all metal EXCEPT for two crucial parts both of which eventually broke . One broken plastic part I was able to rig with a metal screw but later the second plastic part broke rendering the stapler totally nonfunctional . This second part is what holds the top half to the bottom half . Why in the world is this plastic ?!
 Plastic , not metal ... Boo ! These classic staplers , if still available in metal , should be indicated as such . They were a disappointment .
 I special ordered the Swingline 545 stapler at my local office supply store on Sept. 1 , 2008 . It broke about a year later . Maybe I hit it too hard , but I was only stapling paper . The internal part of the stapler , which is metal , is attached to the top of the stapler , which is plastic , by a piece of plastic . The plastic broke and is impossible to fix . For a few months now , I 've been manually lifting the mechanism every time I staple . However , I finally decided to buy a higher quality stapler to replace it . I liked the 545 because it was small , light , modern-looking and cheap , but what good is a stapler that breaks ?
 Would never staple more than a few pages -LRB- 4 at the most -RRB- . Even then , most of the staples were mangled . After a dozen uses , the little plastic part that held the staple pusher cracked and fell out . Buy the all-metal Stanley Bostitch B515 , instead .
 I have an old top of the line Swingline stapler that does an excellent job of stapling as many as 20 sheets of paper together . When my wife needed a new stapler , I went to Amazon and ordered the top of the line Swingline stapler similar to the one I had . It did such a lousy job of stapling that I had to return it for a replacement . The replacement is a little better , but still not as good as my old stapler . In my old stapler , the plate that forms the staple is completely recessed into the base where it is held solidly in place . On the new stapler , the plate is only party recessed into the base . Swingline obviously saved a few cents by cheapening its product without regard for its performance . A price that we customers have to pay more and more every day as quality is sacrificed on the altar of the almighty dollar .
 I have a Swingline Standard Stapler and have had it in my office for a number of years . It was cheap and looked nice but has n't worked nearly as well as the older , cruder model it replaced . Although looking rather attractive it is nowhere nearly as sturdy as my previous stapler . It jams off and on and sometimes gets the staple stuck to where it requires a pliers to remove it . It works fairly well with up to six pages , but beyond that it struggles . I would not regard it as a quality office instrument . There are better staplers available , although they might cost more.Gary Peterson
 Have used Swingline staplers for 45 years ; this is the first one that broke the first time I used it.It cost too little to bother returning it , so I gave it to Goodwill ...
 matty against the Swingline Model 545 StaplerUnfortunately this stapler does n't abide by proper European Stapling Protocol -LRB- ESP -RRB- standards . However , it is functionally robust when used according to American Stapling Protocol -LRB- ASP -RRB- standards . It is my feeling that ESP will soon become more prevalent among American companies in the near future , I like to call it the `` New Metric . '' If Swingline does n't step up to the plate and produce a stapler that follows both ESP and ASP standards , I will be looking for a new tool .
 One job . A unitasker . And you can not even accomplish that . DO NOT BUY THIS . I am embarrassed over how frustrated I have gotten with a small piece of machinery.Staples 1/4 of the time , and only with < 15 sheets , at that . Ugh .
 All I can say is that I expected a lot more from Swingline . This stapler is marginal at best , in terms of both its construction , and performance . It continually jams , and this is just for light duty , such as stapling 3-4 pages . I expected more from Swingline . I 've used ACCO / Swingline products in the past , with much better results . This stapler does not compare to the Swingline staplers made 15-20 years ago . Go with the metal versions , or try to pick up an older one at a flea market or a garage sale . You 'll get better results than with this model . IMO .
 Low price , low quality . It barely staples through 10 pages and then does n't even close the staple . Spend a little more !
 I just wanted somewhere to record my absolute disgust with this stapler . You would think it would not be that difficult to neatly bend a small strip of steel to bind a couple pages together but evidently that is the case . It is n't that this stapler jams and wo n't staple , it 's that it staples and does a horrible job which is almost unarguably worse . The bind is loose and easily broken and the stapler seems to frequently forget that it is a stapler , not a hole punch . I will soon be purchasing a replacement to what is supposedly a `` working '' device and after I have a replacement , I have a hunch this stapler will find it 's way into the garbage , in pieces . It would be an act of evil to consciously give this stapler to another human being .
 I have this stapler in green . Not sure why it does n't work , but it just does n't . It staples about every third attempt . Other than that , it spits out staples at random , ties staples in `` knots , '' jams up , and otherwise makes me crazy.I had a Bostitch stapler that worked perfectly , but it disappeared . I think someone `` borrowed '' it because it worked so well . Go Bostitch!Too late to return this yucky thing . I 'm going to have to replace it as it just refuses to staple anything .
 This stapler is not at all like the bright white color pictured . It 's more of an off-white , grayish color , like it 's been sitting yellowing in the sun for 15 years . Plus , it feels super cheap . Not what I expected from Swingline .
 This is a crappy stapler.It 's made of thin plastic.When it swings open , it stops before it 's flat -LRB- about 140 degrees instead of 180 -RRB- , so you ca n't staple on a flat surface unless you have an edge for it to hang off of.It does n't have a swing open release button , so when you click it back to normal mode , it dispenses one wasted staple.Additionally , it does n't possess the ability to do those weird `` prong out '' style staples that nobody uses . I do n't use that , but I want that.Avoid . Get a metal one . The old style .
 Shipped fast , but was broken when I got it . Did n't work at all , very cheaply made.Wish it would have worked just for a couple weeks , and I would have been fine with it , but nope .
 This was my worst purchase ever , and I make quite a few ! Jammed and can no longer be used ! Stay away !
 I can not make this stapler work without it jamming . I am using Swingline Premium SF4 staples . Even just stapling one sheet of paper creates a jam .
 After reading reviews of various staplers , I decided on this one . Having tested it for 3 days now , on various material types and different amounts of paper , I must say I am really disappointed with this stapler.Right out of the box , the stapler jammed on its first use . I find that it performs really poorly when facing thin -LRB- 1-3 sheets of paper -RRB- tasks . It either jams , where I have to go grab my pliers to pull out the jammed staple , or it results in a really bad staple where the staple is loose like theres an additional 10 imaginary sheets of paper in the stack . I would say that at most 40 % of the time , it gives a nice firm staple.Against more heavy weight tasks , the stapler works a lot better.For those of you wondering if the cause might be poor staple quality
 I bought a couple of these staplers for my high school classroom based on the low price and good reviews . Guess I should have know you get what you pay for -- they are absolutely awful!The stapling mechanism is rough , requires more than average pressure to staple , and jams more often than any of the other staplers I own . Though they are made of metal , so not going to break like plastic , they are shoddily made and the `` Swingline '' logo on the top disappeared from both literally within a week of use . The worst part , though , is that they really struggle with more than about 5 sheets of paper at a time . My students have to turn in homework packets of about 10 sheets and these staplers almost never send a staple all the way through . Now everyone actively avoids them in favor of my other staplers ... Just as a note , I do n't think this is true of Swinglines in general -- the other , higher end Swinglines I have work wonderfully and have held up over multiple years . It is only this particular model I plan to avoid like the plague in the future :-RRB- I did give it two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- since my staplers do technically staple paper as long as you do n't have too much of it and have strong hands !
 This stapler worked great for about a week , super solid , then it got completely jammed up . The staples would n't move to the front unless I lifted up the top every single time I wanted to use it -- so frustrating ! It never worked right again . What a waste .
 Does not product a staple -LRB- miss fires -RRB- every other time would not buy and I will be sending mine back
 I 've used these type of staplers for many years without a problem . This one came out of the box not working .
 This model stapler used to be a classic of desktop dependability , but no longer . The one we received is HORRIBLE -- 2 out of 3 stapling attempts result in a staple jammed inside the stapler head , or only one leg of staple penetrating the paper , or badly mis-formed staple legs . Close inspection of the stapler head reveals poorly fitting , mis-aligned parts . Have just replaced it with a Swingline `` Smooth Grip '' stapler -- works great , less expensive . In the end , it 's only a stapler , so just pick one that works and go with it !
 Okay , I never review but I just want the next person to know that you need to listen to the more recent reviews . something is very wrong with the current supply of this product . Looks good ... works for a couple of days ... and GARBAGE . its only 8 dollars but that was a huge waste of lunch money .
 I threw out this stapler after a month because it would jam EVERY time it was used . It was useless .
 This piece of trash should n't be allowed to bear the Swingline name . It 's awful . At $ 8.00 and change I guess I ca n't expect much . Once in a while it would staple correctly . Most of the time it jammed and the staple had to be extracted from the mechanism with needle-nosed pliers . Rather than messing with a return and/or exchange , I gave it a new home
 Purchased this to use in our home office , and have had nothing but trouble with it jamming . Am using Swingline staples in it . Did n't expect this from a Swingline commercial stapler .
 I have two of these in the office . I was disappointed to see that they are from China . Almost every day and I have to stop what I am doing to pick staples out of one of them because they get jammed . They are not as bad as the junk I used to buy at Wal-Mart and then throw in the trash but not as good as the old Swingline I have at home . It is over thirty years old and works fine . I wish the new ones were that good .
 This should have been a good stapler , given Swingline 's reputation . However it broke in just one week of heavy use . I since bought aSwingline 747 Black Classic Desk Stapler -LRB- S7074701R -RRB- at an office surplus store , and it stood up to extremely heavy use -LRB- bordering on abuse -RRB- for a year and is still going strong.I do n't know if I got a lemon , but I wish I had bought a 747 in the first place .
 Purchased as gift . I was trying to find a heavy duty stapler . This one did n't work right out of the package . It was cheaply made , the stapler clip attached to the spring bent on the first use . It would n't hold the staples correctly after that . I would hardly call this a commercial staple . Spend the extra money and get the 767 .
 I needed a full size stapler for office/academic use -LRB- I teach for a living . -RRB- I ordered this one , since it seemed to be desirable - metal construction , brand reputation , etc. . . Well , as soon as I took it out of the box , I loaded it with Swingline Standard Staples . After all , it 's what ALL MY OTHER Swingline staplers used . Anyway , It jammed on the first try . Fooling around with it for some time , and maybe making 10-15 attempts , I was n't able to get it to work at all . I called their tech support , and they told me that I had to use their `` Premium '' staples . I 'm not sure why they 'd make the standard staples if they wo n't work in a standard product ... Anyway , I asked for a replacement and the lady on the other end said `` No , you might have damaged it by using the standard staples , and thus voided the limited lifetime warranty . `` Swingline lost a customer.The Stanley Bostitch Contemporary Full Strip Stapler -LRB- 02257 -RRB- uses standard staples , and can handle just as many pages . It also opens for tacking , if needed !
 I got one staple outta this baby before it immediately malfunctioned . It 's now in the garbage . That 'll teach me to spend decent money when there is a $ 3 solution out there somewhere . I 'll be down at the dollar store buying eight $ 1 replacements . Eff ...
 This stapler did not work as advertised . We got the proper size staples and used it as per instructions . It did not fire the staples as it should . They would jam , break , and bend . Do n't know what was wrong but we junked it and bought another one which works . Do not buy this item .
 This is a terrible stapler . Jammed the whole time I had it . Only had it for a month and then it was n't worth returning .
 This stapler always gets jammed . I would NOT recommend purchasing this product since it is such a problem . We probably use it 20ish times a day and it jams 5 times a day .
 After buying the stapler because it was purported to be long-lasting and heavy duty I was extremely disappointed when it stopped working ~ 9 months after I purchased it . I use it only a couple times a week to staple 10-15 pages max together.It jammed initially , like a lot of cheap staplers do , then the problem only got worse after that till the point where it wo n't staple.I gave it 2 stars for lasting 9 months .
 The little pin that keeps the top of the stapler aligned with the bottom works its way out with normal use . Once this happens , the stapler jams . It happened to all four staplers that I purchased and I ended up having to throw them all away . Until now , my experience with Swingline products has been nothing but positive .
 Sadly I must add my vote with 1 star reviews.This stapler is DOA and does not work at all . There are obviously Quality Control Issues . How hard can it be in this day and age to make a stapler?Looking at the ratio of positive to negative reviews , my guess is you have about 1 in 10 chances to receive a defective itemThanks !
 I bought this stapler based on the reviews , but I must 've gotten a bunk one . I think I get one good staple out in every 50 tries -LRB- not an exaggeration -RRB- . I love how sturdy it is , but it has yet to staple correctly twice in a row . Sometimes one side of the staple goes through the paper just fine-but , inevitably , the other side twists around and sticks out , causing many minor injuries and general daily annoyance . Time to buy a new one .
 The heavy weight filled me with anticipation but upon opening it I noticed it was dirty for a new stapler . I installed staples and used it and upon the second strike it jammes . I tried to open it and it would not open . I tried to see jammed staples and could not see anything yet it failed to work after that . I got ONE staple out of it .
 I bought this stapler as an inexpensive replacement for my middle school classroom . Unfortunately , the students were able to render it useless in a matter of weeks . Surely , with adults using it , I can imagine it would have held up much longer but that does n't do someone with children being the primary users much good . I 've opted for an electric model . I 'm hoping `` no touch '' will be just the cure I need to stop going through a stapler every 5 weeks .
 This is my first Amazon review ever . I just got this stapler the other day from Amazon . It jams all the time and it 's very difficult to unjam . I use Swingline standard staples so it 's not the staples . Do not buy this one .
 I bought the stapler only because it was nr 1 on the amazon most purchased list . Big mistake . It broke down after 2 days . Not worth the time to go to post office and return . HIGHLY not recommended
 We bought a large supply of these staplers for our library believing they would work for the extremely high use our staplers get . They jam easily and do not work after a few weeks of customer abuse . What a waste of money .
 Crappy stapler . Broke after a couple of months use -- the staples would get caught on the paper and the staples would get jammed in the stapler . I finally just tossed it . What garbage .
 I received my stapler a while back and have not had the opportunity to even use it . I do n't know if I ever will be able to use it . It did not come with staples and the staples are not available for sale at my local Staples office store , or any other stor ein my area . They are rare to find and if you can find them for sale on amazon , you will have to pay a chunk of money for shipping to get them.Not something I want to go thru every time I need staples . Buy a stapler that takes standard staples.The stapler was cheap , so its not worth it for me to return it . Still ca n't use it , still need a stapler .
 I purchased this stapler because of the security cable loop that is practically useless because of its size and position.The angle and size of the too-small loop does n't allow for the insertion of a security cable . I ended up having to feed a zip tie through the loop and attaching the zip tie to the security cable . Also , the stapler broke within a few weeks.The spring popped out and the accompanying directions do n't describe where it belongs or how to reinstall .
 I got a stapler that was not working at all . I did n't return it because I thought it was too much of an effort to bother during midterms week . I threw it away and got a new one in CVS for $ 9 that was working just perfect . I would not recommend this product . Worst amazon experience ever .
 very much , used the wrong telephone cord was in box but never mentioned in description before i purchased this item.the sender sent a very long cord and it did n't even match the product ... their were also scratches on minnie 's face , so saying it was like new was very deceptive !!
 Description stated stapler came with 5000 staples ... It did n't . It came with 500 . I bought it because with 5000 staples it was a deal ... with 500 ... not so much .
 Deceptively , the description claims that this stapler comes with 5,000 high capacity staples included , BUT in reality , only 500 are included . SHAME ON YOU!Caveat Emptor !!!!! BUYER BEWARE !!!!!
 It 's labeled as a 60-page stapler , but they should really clarify that you need to be stapling newsprint to hit that number . Good luck stapling even 40 pages of 20 # copy paper with this thing .
 I purchased this recently and was excited to be able to use it . I loaded the enclosed special staples and it stapled the first item fine . But it only does one at a time . The next time it is jammed and I have to open it remove the staples and then reinsert them . Best I can figure is they fit way to tight -LRB- width wise -RRB- in the channel and so the light spring that is supposed to `` move them up '' after each staple is not able to . Will have to return before I throw it threw my window .
 I 've had two of these break on me from light use -LRB- 2 staples per day/7 days -RRB- through 60-70 sheets of credit card receipts . Looking for something better .
 I bought this because I wanted a quality stapler that would last . What a disappointment . I 've used it less than 6 months and it has already started jamming staples . It requires pliers to remove them they are jammed so tightly . The smaller Swingline stapler I bought at the same time performs just as poorly . I 'm through with Swingline forever.I 'm still using one of the original 1970 's vintage Swingline staplers and it still works okay . the new ones are junk .
 I received this item in timely fashion . The problem is I was expecting what was pictured , not what I received . The picture shows a brass spring doorstop . I received an ANTIQUE brass doorstop . It does say that in the description but the picture is very misleading .
 I am thoroughly disappointed , I paid for this item and never recieved it . I dont blame Amazon , it was my fault for not checking into the company i purchased it from
 I am very disappointed , this is not an animated phone it only rings no talking or movement . I have one of the original phones like this one and thought I was getting the same thing since the price was the same .
 The screen is almost impossible to veiw rendering this device useless in most circumstances . I plan to return it and look for an alternative .
 Does the job , but it not as smooth as a Swingline or Bosch . Staples can get stuck and its always tough to actually staple something .08 / 15/12 Update
 Have it a while now & it works great . Do n't have much more to say but it does staple through 20 pages without a problem , just what I needed . I would definitely recommend it .11 / 4/12 Update
 i thought it seemed sturdy at first . a day later the rubber bottom fell off . it probably just came loose . just like the cheap staplers , it worked fine at first . then a few uses later , it wo n't go through a few sheets of receipt paper . the reviews on the swingline was n't the greatest either but i guess i could 've taken a chance on that brand instead ... who knows ...
 I use the bostitch brand staples that came with this stapler.For the first several strips staples , everything was fine . This is great for making booklets.However , after that , the `` anti-jam '' mechanism prevents feeding the next staple.I have to open the loading head and re-close it after every staple.Once every 10 staples , it will simply be stuck , but usually , it just feeds down without actually pushing a staple into the paper.This is the same problem I had with Bostitch brand staplers 30 years ago.It 's very frustrating that this would happen after less than an entire box of staples .
 I bought a new long reach stapler because the spring on the old one became disconnected . The spring on the new one disconnected after two weeks ! This is a solid metal stapler but the spring is weak .
 this is probably an issue with this particular order , but i could not get a single staple in correctly or evenly . on top of that , you have to use a lot of force to even get the staple out . i 'm disappointed with this and will stick to swingline .
 Like another person reported , I have to open it after every staple . And it jams every 10 staples or so . Works fine for awhile , but if you plan to do high volume -- such as a school setting -- get one without this anti-jam mechanism . It JAMS JAMS JAMS !
 What I wanted was a small stapler that would use mini-staples . What I got was a small stapler that uses regular staples . Unfortunately it is poorly made and takes a great deal of effort to ` staple ' . It was cheap but in this case what you pay for is what you get . I would have sent it back but it was n't worth the return postage . Do n't buy it ! I bought this through Amazon.Sandra Soons
 For the last day of my college class I was instructing I decided to give out a small stapler to each of the remaining students . Most of them had the hardest time turning in homework stapled together.I maxed out at a quantity of 10 of the same Swingline Tot staplers at $ 3.50 a piece -LRB- Swingline Tot Stapler with Built-in Staple Remover , Pre-packed with 1000 Swingline Standard Staples , Assorted Colors -LRB- S7079141S -RRB- -RRB- from Amazon and then found this deal . 9 staplers for about $ 9.00 , I figured it must be a quantity discount . Well when the package arrived , it was n't 9 staplers , it was 1 . $ 9.00 for one stapler is not a deal . `` 9 each
 After opening the package , I put the staples in and proceeded to staple two pieces of regular paper together . They did not staple . When I opened the stapler up , it fell apart . After putting it back together several times , the stapler eventually got stuck . Do not under any circumstance buy this product , it is absolute junk .
 I lost my stapler I use to have . I 'm a college student with aloooooot of papers . And I like to try to stay organized , so this 3.99 stapler definitely seemed to do the job . Was pretty thrilled to get the stapler , It 's a cute little look . Loaded the stapler and taped a sheet of about 4 pages , now it wo n't even close . The mechanism it uses to stay closed is extremely cheap and it has n't closed since I got it . It 's pretty unsettling , but I guess that 's what I get for buying something cheap.Style
 The following 4-star paragraph , written in January 2012 , has been edited into past tense to reflect both this product 's potential and its incredibly short lifespan : This little bitty stapler had a lot going for it
 I have tried two new Swingline staplers this year to try and replace my old Swingline Tiny Tot 50 Stapler which took mini staples . I could not find staple refills for it . So I tried this new `` tot '' Stapler which is not that small . Yes , it is short , but because it takes regular staples , it is as wide and bulky as a regular stapler . I filled it and was disappointed to find it does not staple smoothly . I found it jarring to my wrist and it sometimes jammed when I used it , and it simply does not fit in my bag well . I am a part-time teacher and must carry all of my office supplies with me . Needless to say , I donated this stapler to the teachers ' lounge . I also bought and tried the Swingline Portable slim stapler which was also a disappointment because I could not get it to work , so I returned it . Luckily , I found replacement staples here on Amazon for my old Swingline tiny tot 50 stapler and am so happy to have my quiet , smooth stapler back . I hope Swingline is reading this because I have always bought Swingline staplers in the past and they were always smooth staplers until this year . I was really dissapointed in the two I purchased this year . How about bringing back the Tiny tot 50 mini stapler . It was a winner !
 Do n't get me wrong , I can still staple with it , but the part where you put the staples in does not stay closed . Kind of annoying , but it still staples . Yedigg ?
 I bought it on line because I was so busy this quarter and not able to go to the Walmart or staple . However , when I went to the Walmart yesterday , I ca n't believe what I saw -- the original price of the exact same stapler is only $ 1.2 !!!!
 I bought this stapler at Wal Mart because it would fit into my briefcase and allow me to staple papers on the go . Every single time I have tried to use it , it jammed . It has n't EVER stapled anything for me ! It jams . I open the stapler and pry out the bent , jammed staple and then try it again , and it JAMS AGAIN , and AGAIN , and AGAIN . It is maddening . I threw it out . It is a piece of junk .
 The Stapler wo n't stay closed . . I just opened it now and the stapler wont shut its seems cheeply made .
 I purchased two of these ... 1 for my granddaughter and one for myself ... neither worked at all ... not like the old tot ones as I remember them . Yes it 's cheap but you do n't get something for nothing .
 This little stapler is a lemon , I used it less than a month and it died . It got stuck with every use and I found myself manually bending the staples often when it did work .
 Unfortunatlly I received a different colour . The image from Amazon is not matching with what they send me . And the head of the stapler is always opening out .
 I bought this to replace another mini stapler that had gone missing . That ones worked great , but this one only works about 1/4 of the time , if even that much . I was only trying to staple two pages together , but most of the time the staple did n't fully close and got jammed . If I 'd bought it at a store I 'd return it , but as it is I 'm just going to throw it away because it is way too frustrating a to try to use it .
 These staples actually come in a metal tin - not the blue box pictured . When our local supplier changed to the mental tin , the new staples seem to cause jams on every 3rd or 4th staple . We paid the outrageous price for these staples AND the shipping in order to get the blue box staples - we did n't get them and these cause jams , too .
 I do n't know if it 's my stapler or these staples , but it keeps breaking when I staple . Then it leaves a sharp edge sticking out . I have a feeling these are staples that did n't pass QC . I do n't know if I can return them since I already used/destroyed some . Anyhow , hopefully this helps you make your decision .
 These staples arrived on time - we had them shipped overnight as job was urgent and it is an hour drive to get supplies . They were in a box , next to the box they should have been in , loose . As they were for a staple gun this makes them useless , so I am out 27 bucks as the return will not come up online . Very disgusted and no on to contact . grrrrrrr
 For a box of staples that advertises itself to jam less , these staples sure do jam a lot . As in , every time I tried them . They were okay when just trying to have them come out of the stapler individually -LRB- not stapling anything -RRB- , but throw in some paper and my stapler -LRB- which has worked and continues to work with other staples -RRB- would not budge . So back to Amazon they go !
 I had been hearing all this talk about how great staples were , so I decided to try some -LRB- before now I had been a paper-clip girl -RRB- . Well , finally the big day came and the staples arrived . Boy , was I disappointed . I 'm nimble-fingered , but I found it pretty damn hard to pry free one of these staples without dropping it , push it through the stack of papers with my fingers , and then bend the little metal arms down to hold it in place . Ended up poking a hole in my thumb a couple of times.Well , it turns out that there 's a catch to this product . If you really want the staples to work well , you have to go back out and buy a STAPLER to put them in . I 'm not sure I 'm ready to shell out the extra bucks for one of those , though , so I 'm going to see if I ca n't improve my manual technique with a little more practice .
 I had hoped this would help opening the volumes of business mail we get daily . While it works good on a lot of things , unfortunately it cuts whatever the contents is way too frequently so I have to take the time to tape whatever it is back together . I have to be cautious what I open with it so not to destroy any critical documents . It opens the envelope ok but by cutting off way too much of the envelope creating this problem . I would not re-order for business purposes which is unfortunate because it was priced good and it is very portable .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The item seems to be very cheaply made for the price . I thought that paying more would buy us a better product ... not with this coin sorter ! The battery component does not work at all , which was a very important consideration when I purchased this ! In my opinion , this is a $ 9.99 item and if I had known , I would not have paid the $ 60.00 price tag ! Do not buy this !
 poor assembly , limited capacity . It took this product about two weeks of mild use before it broke down permanently . A waste of money
 This product worked ok for about the first $ 50.00 in coins but after more use it started to constantly jamb . After sorting about $ 100.00 in coin , the sorter fails to insert coint in the tubes and is no longer of any use in sorting coins .
 Cons :1 . This unit jams a lot in the top-side -LRB- where the coins feed down from the hopper -RRB- 2 . IF you do n't monitor it down to the per-coin level , you 're going to get coins stuck inside it somewhere when the tubes overflow . When a tube is over-full - it 's supposed to go to an area in the back where you can pick up the `` extra '' coins . Sometimes this works , and other times you have to take all the tubes out and shake the thing around for several minutes until you can get the renegade coin to fall out .3 . Personally , I would n't care about losing a coin in it to begin with , except that once a coin is lost inside it - you ca n't close it back up ... so you ca n't resume the coin counting .4 . Another curious bit of info - it plugs in for coin sorting - but the counter display takes batteries . -LRB- This is so it can `` keep '' the count after being unplugged ... but it still a bit annoying -RRB- Pro :1 . The tubes are the perfect size for rolls - you do n't have to count coins.All-in-all , I would n't recommend it . I ended up sorting and putting my coins in the tubes manually so I would n't have to count them or clear jams . -LRB- Yes ... it was THAT annoying -RRB-
 Bought from Amazon / Acedepot Beware !! Made in USA cheap cheap , lousy quality . Bought as new , received without ac adapter and there was hand writing on the battery compartment in marker . This item was a used or refurbished machine . When I asked for my money back they sent me an E-mail saying that I had to pay a 20 % -LRB- 7.80 -RRB- restocking fee and I had to pick-up the shipping costs for sending back this piece of junk . Lousy product quality and a scam buying from Amazon check out a site called Noram Industries they receive previously owned items -LRB- CD 's Movies , and Electronics -RRB- then refurbish and repackage then sell to sites like Amazon who then sells them to the public as new in factory sealed packaging
 This unit jams up easily , does n't keep an accurate coin count and is generally a pain to use .
 The box says `` 2-45 Sheets '' but that is misleading as the staples are forced back upward through the papers leaving a SHARP protrusion and can NOT be realistically used to staple thin stacks of paper !
 Within less than 30 minutes after receiving two of these staplers , we had contacted the seller to advise that they were malfunctioning and literally chewing up our booklets as we tried to staple them . We sent them back and purchased one Stanley Swingline stapler -LRB- because it was twice the price -RRB- which has been worth the extra cost .
 I mean
 I ordered these staples online and when I finally received them they were the wrong ones.It was disappointing . The site should have a line by the product stating this items is used for ------ .
 Sent the wrong size staples.Sent a letter with size I want a month ago . Received no reply . How do I get my staples ?
 I have a very old Swingline 13 Stapler -LRB- it is all metal -RRB- . It worked fine but I ran out of Staples . I then purchased these Staples and , of course , the stapler jams up with the first staple . I then went to Staples and purchased a Swingline Heavy Duty Stapler 30095 . I get that back to the office and that stapler jammed up . Then my classic Swingline stapler jammed up so I went back to Staples and got a Swingline Optima Jam Free Guaranteed stapler and of course , first staple out it jams up . I took the Optima back and just purchased the plain old Classic Swingline which also jammed up but I finally got it working . It appears that Swingline which is Acco Brands , Inc. -LRB- and all there staplers are made in China -RRB- is just peddling junk to everyone but they are also the biggest stapler/staple manufacturer . Ugh !
 I did n't like that parts of the stapler were plastic . This is supposed to be heavy duty but the way this is made does n't feel heavy duty . If you drop it once , it will likely break very easily .
 Ad says it can staple up to 5000 times , yet holds only 2000 staples ? Must be magic ??? Also , it 's a staple cartridge - but the review is for a staple gun ? What in the world is he selling ? You 'd be a nut to buy from this ad .
 I bought these after reading the good reviews but was very disappointed when the staples kept buckling and collapsing on top of the pages I wanted to staple instead of going through them . Approximately 25 % attempts resulted in success .
 They may work great with Bostitch staplers , but not with my stand up one . It uses 1/4 '' staples , which is what these are , but they do n't sit in the stapler properly , which makes it impossible for the metal bar -LRB- which is attached to the spring -RRB- to push the staples forward . Every time I wanted to staple , I had to open up the stapler , push the staples forward , and then attempt to staple . I say attempt because it did n't always work -LRB- failed 3 out of 4 times -RRB- , jammed and the staples broke apart , which was annoying . I would n't have persisted except I had to staple 15 sets of papers . I tossed the rest in the trash and just ordered standard staples .
 The product was the wrong item and doesnot work in the stapler for which I order the staples . The search for the correct item pointed me to an incorrect item .
 This product hurts the hands when doing a big project . It also does n't do the same job as the more expensive versions of these staplers .
 Do not buy - these phones lose link to base too often and the customer service is horrible - unless you like being tortured by not being able to answer a phone call because the unit you just picked up off the base loses its link to the base and becomes useless and if you love poor customer service - do not buy
 I follow Consumer Reports ratings quite closely and often purchase the products they rate as best buys . Every now and then , one of the best buys turns out to be a dud , and this is one of them.The range on this phone is TERRIBLE ! I 've also had callers say my voice sounded muffled , the phone has cut out on me only a couple feet from the base unit -LRB- while fully charged -RRB- and sometimes I get `` digital delay '' during a conversation.I do n't know if these problems are common with the 6.0 phones , as this is the first I 've had of this type . All I know if the old phone I replaced -LRB- unfortunately now broken due to hard impact -RRB- worked flawlessly 30 yards from the base unit and had great voice quality.I would NOT purchase this phone again or recommend it to anyone .
 I recieved my Panasonic Phone in perfect condition , however , noone likes to talk to me on it because of the loud buzzing and fuzz . Also it does react to the internet . If the phone is in use , the internet can not be . That was why I bought the phone , because it was promised not to interfear with internet . I am truley dissapointed .
 It is an average basic phone . Sometimes , there is a lot of static to the point I can not even hear anything but static . The design is out dated . The buttons are not back lit . I think it is over priced .
 handset did not work brand new out of the box - could not be synchronized to the base . was a hassle to return to panasonic . still have not received replacement . very weak .
 I did allot of research.Loved my old 6ghz . I fell for this new DECT , no one can hear or understand , due to all the breaking up.Wish I could return it , tossed the box . The land line is not dead , not many choices !!
 I just bought this phone as a gift based on the great reviews . I am currently returning it due to very poor volume control . During a conversation , the volume starts out normal then minutes later fades out so that you can no longer hear the other person even while increasing the handset volume . Going back to Uniden .
 This prooduct does not have the battery life that it claims . even the range is questionable . Its good for adjacent rooms ... but thats not what I want to use it for !!!
 I did lots of research on phones because we 've had terrible luck lately in this department . These phones were rated very highly so I bit the bullet and purchased them when they went on sale.They work for a couple of months but the handsets eventually stop connecting to the base . And when they do connect , they cut in a out to where the person on the other end ca n't understand what you are saying.I just want a decent phone that works , but this is not it .
 This is the worst cordless phone I 've ever used . The range is limited to the room with the base . It 's so bad that if anything is between the handset and the base you lose most of the signal . If you go into another room you ca n't hear anything but static . I wish I could return this set but I bought it online and with shipping and restocking fee , it 's not worth it . Lesson learned , do n't but Panasonic cordless phones . A tin can and string would be better .
 I had a problem with one handset , right out of the box . One charged fine ... the other would never charge . I tried switching batteries , though they were packaged together , and worked in the other handset . No help . Still kept saying `` charge battery '' . Then I switched bases ... . still would not charge ! I called Panasonic , and customer support said I 'd have to send it back , and they would either fix it , or send me a refurbished one . WHY should I pay $ 67 and have a non-working phone , new out of the box , replaced with a refurbished one !??? If I wanted to use a used phone , I would have been out there looking for `` used phones '' , and paying a lot less . Shame on you , Panasonic , for your lack of standing by the quality of your products . I should have been offered a new phone replacement immediately . Some one here said , and they 're right ... why should I get to use someone else 's phone they sent back , or someone end up getting the one I sent back ?! We bought , and paid for , NEW ! I noticed the price on the phones just dropped dramatically ... wonder why ?
 All of the cordless handsets -LRB- I bought 4 -RRB- work fine all over our large house and even down in the basement . The problem is that the main base answering system 's speakers or amplifier were hardlly adequate to discern the message . I had two calls and had to put my ear to the speaker -LRB- turned on as loud as permitted -RRB- but still could n't make out the message ! We had to go back to our old Uniden answering machine and just use the Panasonic extra handsets .
 Phones worked fine , but had to return it due to defective answering system . Base station would not alert to a message nor could one play the message from the base station . Playing a message from the handset produced a garbled message . It was like listening to a 45 rpm record being played at 78 rpms .
 You will probably miss calls if you are in another room when this phone rings ! Even when set to maximum volume the ringer loudness is way too low.We tried all available tones with little success.This annoyance more than off-sets all the otherwise fine features of this phone system .
 The handsets are not usable unless they are very close to the base . In a 2000 sq ft home , I should be able to use the handsets from any room in my home .
 I 've had two sets of these over the past 3 years . In each case , after 1-2 years , the answering portion of the base or all functions of the base -LRB- answering system and charging -RRB- stopped functioning . Panasonic tech support , recently in the Philippines , is incredibly unhelpful - they want me to send in the base system to Texas for repair -LRB- leaving me for 1-2 weeks without a base for the phones . -RRB- They also quoted a price of $ 80 for the repair -LRB- the purchase price was about $ 65 for the whole system , including the phones -RRB- . Truly frustrating .
 I liked the look and feel of this set BUT ! I also like to hear what people are saying to me and it 's just not possible with this set ! I could hear maybe 2 words clear and then the voice faded away . Even with the volume adjustment it just is n't possible to get the voice clear to hear.Someones review likened it to a mosquito and I have to disagree ! I can hear that lousy mosquito much easier !
 I bought this item based on favorable reviews , but unfortunately am returning it . I 'm in a one bedroom apartment , and find that its range is severely limited . It only operates well on line of sight with the base unit .
 This is a piece of crap , do n't buy it . The batteries in the handset -LRB- 2 AAAs -RRB- go dead very easily . When they do there is no beep or indication . Sometimes I do n't realize they 're dead until some one calls on my cell and asks why I did n't answer the land line . A couple times I replaced the batteries and the phone still did n't work . I had to throw those batteries out and get new ones -LRB- very expensive -RRB- . If you 're thinking about getting this phone , DO N'T !
 We live in a two story house and we need two phones on the first floor and two on the second . My Uniden stopped working almost a year to the day I purchased it , and I had no help from them to get it fixed . Of course there 's no `` store '' to take it to - you have to send it back and they want a credit card to pay for repairs ? HA ! So I researched online for several days and finally decided spending a little more on this Panasonic . It came , was installed , and worked beautifully - for 3 weeks ! The answering machine and the base unit are just fine . But after 3 weeks , the handset in the living room does n't work any more ! I get no dial tone although it 's all lit up and I get the right pictures on the screen . I 'm in the process of looking into getting it working again , but in the meantime I 've had to bring one of the set from the second floor downstairs . I 'm just so frustrated ! How I wish for the `` old fashioned '' stores and phone companies that we used to have with personal help . Sorry - had to vent !
 While the Panasonic 6.0 Cordless Phone provides excellent voice quality , I have found the answering machine difficult to program and I have added the voice mail from AT&T , my local carrier . The message machine continually broadcasted messaging over speakerphone regardless of my staff 's attempts to turn it off .
 Just three weeks after receiving the Panasonic KX-TG1032S Dect 6.0 , the bas is no longer working . `` No link to base '' . Connections are good and the phone unit is next to the base . The second phone unit shows the same message . Do n't they check these things in the factory ?
 the phone was listed as in stock , it still is . . I ordered for a birthday gift . Just found out three days before the birthday , that the supplier does n't even have it in stock . . the third time that this has happned . .
 This phone absoutly sucks , one would have to be with in sight distance for voice quality to be good.If one were to go into the other room quality is greatly reduced ; to the point the person on reciving end is frustrated and fed up . I have since bought a new phone , and sadley i have thrown out the box for this piece of crap so I am stuck with untill I have a garage sell and sell it for a nickel .
 It looks nice and all but there 's little thing that will bug you over time . Trust me . Get another phone . You 'll grow to hate this one ...
 See the article below :[ . . -RSB- DECT phone base station emits radiation that affects sleep !
 I will never order from you again.Very poor service.You ripped me off over charge me.did not send what i order . check you so called A-TO-Z And you will see what I 'M talking about.And Close my Account -LRB- NOW -RRB- I 'll never buy from you again.And I 'M going to let all my friends no how you ripped me off.Allan
 I 'm sure this product works great , thanks to consumerreports and the other reviews . However , when I received the item and pulled out the first handset , I realized I could n't bear to have that ugly thing in my home . For top-of-the-line technology , they look like cheap plastic handsets from 20 years ago . I returned the item and will get something more aesthetically pleasing . This may seem silly , but if you ca n't stand to look at it the set wo n't do you much good .
 This was a terrible phone it was not what I expected the quality was poor the sound was terrible . I returned it for a full refund . Not the sellers fault Panasonic needs to get their quality back .
 This phone was a monumental disappointment . The box says it has 17 hours of talk time , but for both handsets , the charge gave out after 17 minutes ! Then it takes another 7 hours to fully recharge . When I replaced the batteries , it made no difference . I use it for conference calls which can run up to 3 hours , so it has to go back to the store ...
 I purchase this dual phone in November 2009 . The handset to the answering machine no longer shows caller I.D.The LCD screen no longer works . I have just the price online @amazon for this replacement part of the dual phones.This portion will cost me $ 88.00 . Much more than I paid for the two phones . I find this to be rip off .
 I bought this phone in 2008 . Now , in Jan ,2011 , one phone stopped working . After talking to customer service I was told it needed service and would cost $ 90 plus $ 10 s & h.I only paid $ 63 for the whole thing new . It obviously meant I had to buy a new phone . I determined not to buy another Panasonic , but soon saw I did n't have much choice if I wanted any quality at all . A sad commentary on today 's products made in China .
 This is my second Panasonic phone , the last one I loved but it wore out in due time , so I bought this one to replace it and it wore out TOO SOON . I think it 's a year later and just like my first one the sound cuts out at random points in a conversation -- I can hear them but they ca n't hear me for about 15 seconds and in that time they usually hang up . But I 've had problems with this phone since I bought it . For starters no shoulder rest clip was included like my previous Panasonic -LRB- LOVED the clip -RRB- . Technical problems such as being in the middle of a conversation and the phone randomly `` freaking out ''
 I bought this phone after much research , but must have gotten a defective one . After loading all phone #s into phonebook , the phonebook feature only works about 10 % of the time . Most times I retrieve phone # , click on talk , and get a dial tone . Extremely frustrating . Once in a great while , it works . Also had same problem with erratic volume , mentioned elsewhere , and recently got message that I was too far from the handset even when I was standing next to it !! I do like the ease of dialing , the large numbers , and the features of this phone , but we use the phonebook constantly . If the phonebook worked , I 'd be satisfied , even with the other defects . Not sure if it 's too late to return , since we did n't take the time to enter phone #s until we 'd had the phone for almost a month . Then we thought it was just that we were not using it correctly . But we finally checked the instructions and we were doing it exactly as stated in manual .
 Less than a month after the purchase , the base-unit button for retrieving the message stops working . Manufacturer 's technical/customer support is practically non-existent . The limited 1 yr warranty provides only a replacement with a refurbished -LRB- NOT NEW ! -RRB- product , and only if the customer mails the phone to their TX center , at own expense . Panasonic , shame on you !!!
 Panasonic KX-TG1033S Dect 6.0 Expandable Digital Cordless Phone System with 3 HandsetsWhat Consumer Reports did not report is that the volume must be adjusted for each call . I have difficulty hearing and need to have the volume adjustment remember where it was last set . Also found the volume , once adjusted , dropping sharply during the call . On one occasion I tried to share a call with a 2nd handset and received a BUSY message and tone . Too bad since this phone system has many admirable features . Following Panasonic 's advise , I removed AC power from the base and handsets and disconnected the base from the telephone line for at least one minute - then I reconnected the system . It seemed to help for a while , but then the problem returned .
 I 've had this phone for a month and have had problems from day 1 . The phone disconnects without warning while I 'm using it.I always have to have the second handset with me which is really stupid . will be returning it to Amazon .
 Almost everyone we talked with complained about static and choppy sound quality on their end . On our end , sometimes the sound would drop off . No other phone feature can make up for this significant audio defect .
 Hi : I have n't used this telephone very much since I bought it , the LCD on one of the hand set went blank , and it shows nothing . Very unhappy with this purchase . I guess it is a chinese made low quality electronic . I have an original Panasonic made by Japan had no problem whatsoever . I ca n't even give it back because I did n't keep the original box .
 PROBLEMS
 While this phone appears to be a solid performer loaded with features , its flawed wall-mount design makes it a non-option for my household . The wall mount adapts the phone base to the wall in a horizontal position -- just as the base is seen in the photo . When attached to the wall , it protrudes awkwardly far from the wall , and at typical phone installation height , it is impossible to use any features operated from the base . Back it goes to Amazon .
 This phone is just awful , and I ca n't recommend it whatsoever . I read the reviews here -- mostly stellar praise -- and can not comprehend how we are talking about the same phone ! The sound quality and clarity are horrible , the volume drops down and then jumps up periodically without warning , the materials seems cheap ... and on top of it , the handset is quite uncomfortable on my ear . I do n't like anything about this phone , other than it 's looks -- and that 's not enough . I am returning this phone . Maybe I got a lemon ... but you might too . My advice is to stay away from this phone .
 We bought this phone after doing much research - I mean look at all the stars it gets here on Amazon ! So with great confidence , we bought the phone and plugged it up to charge . We have the 2 handset model with one base and one small charger . After having this phone a few weeks with no problems , we started getting a phone call and I would go to answer it and the screen would just black out and flicker . The handset would stop ringing , even though I could still hear the base and other phone ringing . The screen would finally came back on -LRB- maybe -RRB- and if it did , it said `` No link to base '' . What ? I am sitting 20 feet from the base ! We do n't have any weird electronics in the house or anything . Although we do have a wireless router but I read in past reviews that no one had problems with the phone and wireless routers so I do n't think it is that.Also , no matter how long the phone is off the base , the battery indicator always shows a full battery . My guess is that when the phone `` flips out '' when someone calls , it might mean it is low on battery ? I am not sure because it does n't do it every time but it does it at least once a day ! I am very good about putting the phone back on the charger when I complete a call so I am still not sure what the problem is . It is so bothersome that we WILL be throwing this crap phone in the thrift store box and getting another one ASAP ! We have had the phone for about 3 months and it is still the same problem . My husband and I ca n't take it anymore !
 This is the second set I 've owned , 3 handsets per set , so 6 all together . I suspect highly that the good reviews are due to people reviewing the phone too soon after purchasing . It works great for a while and then turns to junk . Both times I 've owned this phone . It 's too late of course to return it and the warranty service stinks . So I get to throw the thing away and try to find a decent phone.Panasonic should be ashamed to produce this piece of junk.Be forewarned - if you buy anyway because of all the good reviews , you 'll most likely be sorry .
 The sound quality is poor.The call waiting button is hard to seeIf I would have known I never would have purchased this product .
 I purchased 2 Panasonic cordless phone systems -LRB- 2 bases , and 5 phones in total -RRB- . The 3-phone system was dead in a couple months and the 2-phone system just died -LRB- after 2 years -RRB- . Whatever you do stay away from Panasonic phones !
 This is the first product I am returning to Amazon . I bought this phone based on other reviews and have been utilizing it for the past week . It was purchased to replace another Panasonic 5.8 phone where the battery died . This new 6.0 DECT phone has a lot of interference and many people I am talking to have stated that they can not hear me , I sound like I am either on a cell phone or in a tunnel , or the voice reception is breaking up . The volume is n't great and the speaker phone reception is just so so . I am disappointed in this phone .
 Finally , after three or four days of trying to get through to tech support , a support rep determined that the phone was defective .
 The volume on the phone and the answering machine is VERY low at it 's highest level . Cheaply made . I will have to replace this soon . I am surprised that Panasonic could make such an inferior product . I should have known better . A $ 52 phone is still a $ 52 phone .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . I have a been nothing but disppointed . I live in a 2300 square foot home the the phones lose signal in the house , wo n't charge all the way .
 Stunned to find amazon still selling these . I bought these in 2008 and by 2010 they were dead . Both handsets quit within a month of each other . $ 60 -LRB- they were $ 78 in 2008 -RRB- cordless phones should last longer than two years . Maybe I am just naive.These phones take AAA rechargeables . I thought the batteries had just gone bad . So I spent 15 bucks on good quality replacements . No luck .
 This phone is a joke . The handset in our office , regardless of whether the base is in another room , or in the office , rarely works . We always get the message that it is too far from the base . Odd , because our 14-year-old Panasonic cordless works in our office while the base is in the kitchen , in fact , it works in every room in the house , and outdoors as well . We 're planning on returning this phone and buying another because we need a phone in our office . Had we known what we know now , we NEVER would have purchased it . We have had the phone since last December -- about 6 months . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this telephone .
 The only reason I gave this phone 1 star is because I ca n't give it zero ! I bought this phone as a replacement for a 5-year-old VTECH cordless phone that I bought for $ 15 . While the VTECH phone was deficient in many ways -LRB- poor battery life , questionable sound quality -RRB- , at least it always had a clear connection to the base from anywhere in my apartment . The problem with this phone started when I hooked it up , charged it overnight , and then turned it on . Without even calling anyone , I could tell there was a `` connection '' problem between the handset and the base . Anytime I walked more than 10 feet away from the base , the dial tone -LRB- and , when I called people , their voices -RRB- began to crack and break up , even if I was in direct line-of-sight to the base . By the time I got to the other end of my apartment -LRB- about 40 feet away -RRB- , the breaking-up of the signal was so bad , it was impossible to have a conversation . I called Panasonic tech services , who walked me through a couple of steps -LRB- `` registering '' the handset to the base , etc. -RRB- , but nothing helped . So I called Customer Service and arranged to return the phone -LRB- at my own expense . -RRB- I was assured that they would `` thoroughly test '' a replaement phone before they sent it to me . I then waited about 12 days for the replacement phone to show up . My first surprise came when I openend the shipping box . While I had sent them my brand new phone , carefully repacked in the retail box , the phone I received from them contained all the parts taped and shrink-wrapped onto a piece of cardboard . -LRB- It turns out that they replace any returned phone , even a brand new one , with a `` refurbished '' phone , which I take to mean someone else 's broken phone which they have attempted to repair . I 'm sure that , as I write this , someone somewhere is receiving my broken phone as a replacement for the one they sent in . -RRB- Sure enough , I plugged in this phone and charged it , and then turned it on . It had the same problem . Not as bad , but by the time I was about 20 feet away from the base , the `` crackling '' and breaking up began , and at 40 feet away , it was noticeable and disturbing . I called Customer Service , and the rep said that the problem was due to where the phone base was located , and I should move it somewhere else . I explained that the phone was in my kitchen , plugged into the only phone jack in my apartment -LRB- and that the cheap VTECH phone had never had this problem . -RRB- He then insisted that the problem was `` interference '' from nearby `` electronic devices '' . I explained that the only electrical devices nearby were a refrigerator and a dishwasher , and the nearest computer was about 20 feet away . He then suggested I take the phone to a neighbor 's home , plug it in , and walk around their apartment testing the phone -LRB- I 'm sure ! -RRB- . So he said I would have to return the phone and wait for a replacement , and offered to email me a prepaid UPS label , which he said I would receive by email in `` 24-48 hours '' . I asked why I had n't been offered a prepaid UPS label the first time I returned the phone , and he said he did n't know . I asked what would happen if the next phone they sent me had the same problem , and he said I would have to return that phone too , and they would then `` consider another solution '' , but he would n't tell me what that other solution was . I asked to speak to a Supervisor , and was put on hold for 15 minutes . When a Supervisor finally came on the line , he asked me to explain my problem from the beginning . I asked him if he had not been briefed by the rep -LRB- during my 15 minute wait ! -RRB- or read about my problem in the case file , and he said he had , but it was their policy to `` hear the whole story from the customer '' . After going through the whole thing again , he offered no new information , assistance , or solutions . I asked him why they had Supervisors if they were not empowered to do anything more than the reps to satisfy an unhappy customer , and he had no answer . To end this long story , I received the prepaid UPS label 6 days later -LRB- ! -RRB- , but it was too late . I have bought a new phone , made by a competitor and less expensive -LRB- which worked fine right out of the box -RRB- and thrown this piece of junk in the garbage and chalked it up to an expensive lesson
 I bought this phone because it was recommended by Consumer Reports and I wanted the answering machine with ability for caller id . The sound kept lowering while I talked . I would click it up to the highest volume . which was still too low . I tried it in different rooms , just to be sure that was n't the problem.After calling customer service , I mailed it for repair , costing me $ 10 . I was shocked , they do not send back a new phone set , but a refurbished handset!Guess what ? the refurbished phone still has sound problems . I guess I am out of luck . I do n't want to keep sending it back for refurbishing at $ 10 a pop .
 This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made on Amazon . Although the description touts a substantial signal range , no one on the other end can understand me if I am more than ten feet away from the base station -- the signal just breaks up . When I leave the room where the base station is , I get a message that I am too far away and am unable to make a call . To top it off , sometimes the buttons stick down , which is particularly annoying when you 're trying to get your bank balance , for instance . These phones are a must to avoid , just awful .
 The main reason for purchasing this was volume on the speaker phone.I have not gotten that with this phone . I think it would be good to have aseparate volume in , when it is good to me - the other end claims not to beable to hear , so another volume for outgoing would be good . Or theyshould turn their own volume up ! ! ! ! On the other hand my aunt , who recommended Panasonic can be moppingher kitchen floor with the phone lying on the counter and she can hear meand I can hear her.People say they ca n't hear me when I use the speaker and I do n't likethe noise against my head . -LRB- yes , I know how to turn it up on the phone ! -RRB- I do like having a second phone for another room . I use Vonage and thelandlord wound not make the change in the connections in the basementto connect the lines from the phone company.I especially like that I can hang it up when I am finished with a call andnot wait for the battery to run down and then have it not ready to usewhen I need it . So I have had only 1 phone for years.I do n't know what `` dedt 6.0 '' stands for , but I guessed it would be abig upgrade , which I still ca n't identify.As I read this again , I see I do like a number of features . Except forthe first reason which is the real reason for buying it , and still mymajor disappointment.Thank you for this opportunity to tell you this , as I have on occasionwanted to call about items and could not find a way to contact Amazon.Thank you , Kerlee Fox
 The first thing off is the ring tones ... there is only two of them and they are both VERY ANNOYING !!!!! There seems to be a problem with the sensitivity to each of the phones to each other . . ca n't explain exactly how but , in only that one will react , to the other when they are off the cradles -LRB- as far as I can see ... it happens all of the time , -RRB- but then there will be a pickup on the answering machine , that ends up with the '' I 'm sorry , your call did not go through . . please call back or dial your operator ... BEE BEEBEBBBEBBPEEEPBEEPBEEEPBEPPBPE '' kind of thing ... ALL OF THE TIME !!!!!!!! You get to hear all of this as loud as can be no matter what time of day or night . It is awful !!! The phone is difficult to understand in the many functions that are offered ... it is not a good thing .
 I have purchased Panasonic phones for years now , and they 've all been great . This is the worst phone I have ever used . They have only been in use about a month for me now and the sound cuts in and out . People tell me the call is breaking up all the time . It know it 's not my line as when I use another phone I have , everything is fine . And from my perspective the incoming voices go louder and softer , as does my voice as I hear it in the phone . If I had purchased these at a store they would have been returned immediately . Do n't buy this model !!!
 What a total waste of money and time . This phone loses connection with its base even if the base is 12 inches from it . My set came with 3 phones . All 3 phones give me the same problem . Their connection with the bases seem to drift in and out . I 've had many calls dropped because the phone just loses connection . What a terrible phone . I want my money back !
 I bought this phone 5 months ago . This particular model of Panasonic is good in many ways . I can take it to the back of my garden , and it works great . Excellent reception when it works . However , sometimes when I pick up the phone when it rings , it 's just dead . I have to re-plug it into the electrical outlet several times before it will work again . Digital phones all seem to have their little quirks .
 Nice phone but lacks height of volume - after maxing the volume , it still does not compare to other phones .
 Liked everything about the phone except for an important flaw . The voice volume would fad out - when I increased the volume using the control it would go up but quickly go back down again . Panasonic will honor a one year warranty and agreed to replace it since my 15 days to return to the seller was up .
 After only the second time calling someone , their voice volume intermittently dropped so low on the phone -LRB- imagine trying to hear a mosquito 's wing beat on the opposite side of a pane of glass -RRB- that I thought I had bumped a key with my face . Good to hear other reviewers had the same problem , as I still have enough time to return the phones to the store . Completely useless - the setup ca n't even operate as a phone with this problem - what a failure ! Do n't they test products anymore before selling them to the public ?
 I liked this phone and was encouraged by all the positive reviews . This prompted me to purchase this phone . Now that I had a chance to use it , I find things wrong with it that would have changed my mind and I would never had purchased this phone .1 -RRB- All incoming calls have the long distance prefix 1 - and since most of my calls are local ; I have to go through a menu system on each number and edit it to remove the 1 - There is no way to turn this off nor is the phone smart enough to not place a one on local calls .2 -RRB- The menu system is awkward to use .3 -RRB- No real manual to use .
 I purchased it for my 88 year old mother . It wasnt loud enough . When I purchased it , they said it was supposed tobe loud . Very disappointing
 The remote handset was defective -LRB- could n't be heard by other party -RRB- , and caused a lot of wasted time because I thought the problem was with the web based phone service I had just installed . When I finally deduced where the problem lye I went to the Panasonic site and was told to reset the handset by removing the batteries and reinstalling . Did n't work so now I have to pack up the phone , mail it postage paid to Texas and then who knows what . Hours of wasted time and frustration at the expense of poor craftsmanship .
 In less than one month , the phone had a `` continuous ring '' when a call came in -- it just kept ringing . About 8 weeks later a loud buzz developed on the line and the phone was unusable . I would not purchase again -- the phone was not like new .
 This phone is very easy to set up , lots of ringing options , small , compact , fits in the palm of your hand.On the other hand there is not enough range 6.0 capabilities not as rated , hated the fact that each call is registered as single call on the phone , you will have to scroll through all call if the same number called 50times .
 I 've been using a Lamy Al-Star for a while and loved how consistently smoothly it wrote . The barrel was a little too wide for me , so I decided to invest in this Lamy Studio pen . Frankly , it is just much less dependable . It will write smoothly for five minutes and then suddenly dry out . I thought the problem might be my ink , so I switched to Lamy ink . No improvement . I thought the problem might be the converter , which is a bit different from the Al-Star/Safari converter and which never really managed to suck ink through the nib . So I tried the Al-Star converter . Still no improvement . I tried switching to Lamy cartridges . Still no improvement . I 'll be shipping it to Lamy soon to see whether I can get it repaired . Could there be something wrong with the nib ? I have no idea . Any advice?Also , the body of the Safari is brushed steel . If you 're like me , you might have missed that part of the product description and assumed from the photo that the pen was a kind of smooth matte steel , something like aluminum . Instead , it looks kind of like OS X Tiger , and so a fair amount less sleek than you might have expected .
 Boorum and Peace promises a premium product and superior quality in exchange for it 's substantially higher price.Turns out that the product sucks big time b * lls ! - Mine literally fell apart within 6 weeks of very light office use in a cool , dry climate controlled office building in California . -LRB- so they ca n't blame humidity or foul conditions , etc -RRB- Turns out that the so called `` Quality Guarantee '' printed prominently on the inside front cover of the note book is also an extra smelly load of manure . I did everything they said I should to get the replacement.However , 8 months after doing what they said , there is no sign of a replacement . All I 'm left with is one extra smelly turd of a notebook that 's turned into 300 pages of loose leaf scratch paper.For your viewing pleasure , I 'm including their `` Quality Guarantee '' below . If you see this load of poo-poo written on any product you 're about to buy , PUT IT DOWN AND GET SOMETHING ELSE!GOOD LUCK ! `` If , at any time during normal use , this product does not perform to your expectations , we will replace it free of charge . Simply write to us at Esselte Corp , 48S Service Road , Suite 400 Melville NY 11747-2340 , Attn Marketing Dept. ''
 I 've bought binders from wal-mart for 75cents that were better quality than these binders.The plastic tag for labels was n't even aligned to the binder , they were sticking outside the binder so I tried to pull it out since it looked bad , but that ripped the outside portion of the binder .
 I 've bought binders from wal-mart for 75cents that were better quality than these binders.The plastic tag for labels was n't even aligned to the binder , they were sticking outside the binder so I tried to pull it out since it looked bad , but that ripped the outside portion of the binder .
 I did not recieve this item , although i bought and paid for it , but i am still waiting for the logical explanation or refund .
 I wanted a wall phone , and that 's why I purchased this model . I thought it was the sleekest looking wall-phone I 'd seen . There were a couple flaws ... the first was that it wo n't mount to a standard jack . You 'll have to modify your jack to one that plugs directly into the phone -LRB- no cord -RRB- . They tell you what to have done , but that was aggravating.But the more serious issue is that when the phone is mounted on the wall -LRB- finally -RRB- the phone loses touch with the contact points , so it ca n't charge . I put the required part in place to support the phone to be mounted in a vertical position -LRB- it 's a plastic piece at that base of the phone -RRB- . But the piece is about 1/8 '' off of putting the handset in full contact.I 'm sure it would be a fine phone , provided you did n't want to wall mount it . If you want to wall-mount , this phone is completely unusable since you ca n't charge it .
 Because of the impossibility of muting the ringer on the base , I was unable to use this phone/answerer in my psychotherapy office . It 's an okay machine otherwise , but the absence of this feature -LRB- even in more expensive Panasonic answerers -RRB- limits its utility .
 Well , frankly , the reason I gave it only two stars was the fact that when I am talking on this phone there is static noise.Also , I can not `` disable '' the speaker phone which announces my calls . Unfortunately , this phone is located in my kitchen and when it does announce the calls it can be heard throughout the whole condominium complex and I do have some very `` nosy '' neighbors , so it 's announcing to everyone who is n't completely deaf!It 's cheaply made , as is everything these days , but what can you do?Elissa Donlan
 I own -LRB- and still have -RRB- the previous generation of these cordless phone . The 2.4 GHz model lasted more than 4 years , and would still be in use if it did n't broadcast on the same frequency as my wireless router . I purchased this phone without any hesitation based on the performance of the 2.4 GHz phone , and other Panasonic products I have purchased . This brand is definitely a `` go to '' brand for me , because the quality is usually superior.Unfortunately , this phone does not live up to standards . I 've replaced it twice due to battery issues with the handset , once while it was under warranty from Panasonic , and then one under the store 's extended warranty . At this point , with the warranty expired , I plan to simply purchase a new phone . Its not likely that I will purchase a Panasonic phone again due to the issues with this model .
 I bought this phone to replace my old 900mHz Panasonic cordless phone , which I had for years , but once I moved out of a studio apartment , I needed a phone with more range . Unfortunately , I bought this phone.The phone works as advertised , the signal is strong , and the voice quality is great , but everything else about this phone is awful :1 . The ringer at the base is MUCH louder than the ringer on the handset . If they are anywhere near each other , the base drowns out the ringing of the handset , making it impossible to locate by sound -LRB- there is no independant volume for the base .2 . The speaker phone is located on the handset . This is possibly the dumbest thing ever . In my old Panasonic phone , if I could not locate the receiver , I could just answer fromn the base using the speaker phone . With this model , if you do not find the phone in time , you miss your call .3 . The LEDs are in the wrong place . The back-lit lcd screen is great , and generally easy to read , but unlike previous Panasonic models , the keypad is not backlit . Without backlit keys , dialing in the dark is difficult , and with all the superfluous buttons on the keypad -LRB- more than my cell-phone -RRB- dialing in the dark is impossible .4 . The voice-ID is the most annoying thing in the world . The phone will actually call out the name of the person calling you -LRB- as long as their name is in your pre-set phone book -RRB- , but this option can not be shut off . There are directions in the owners manual to disable it , and I followed those directions , the display says that this feature is disabled , but the phone still spouts off in an annoying female voice `` Call from Veri-zone Weer-ells '' any time someone calls me from a cell-phone . The attached answering machine has it 's own problems , but the sum of it all is that Panasonic has taken a huge step backwards in the usability of their phones.This phone is so annoying that I am going back to my old 900mHz phone , and will just deal with the static when I wander into the kitchen .
 I bought this product thinking it would be good to use over paper postage labels printed off my laser printer . Apparently using regular shipping tape can throw off the bar code readers USPS , UPS and FedEx use due to the shiny nature of the tape . The idea is that because this tape has a matte finish , the bar code readers can read through it without the reflective interference shiny tape would create . Each time I would try to pull a piece of this tape off it would split down the middle and I 'd have an uneven piece of tape . It 's also very hard to apply this tape to a label without the tape bubbling up and obscuring the bar code . I figured I must be doing something wrong ... 3M products are usually of excellent quality . This product , however , is a waste . I threw the full roll away .
 This item can be found in K-Mart , Wal-Mart , Christian book suppliers , etc for $ 49.00 or less . To charge almost twice as much even if it 's new , plus shipping is total greed and very immoral . It 's taking advantage of people who do n't know better.This is the kind of mentality that has corrupted our country and if it is not corrected and the greedy whores removed we will not survive as a nation . And this is not hype , it 's reality regardless of what the greedy , self-centered say . It definetly is NOT free - enterprise and it should never be encouraged .
 Nice product , enjoyed using it as the others here have , but after a couple of years , some of the pixels are not working anymore and it is getting very difficult to read . A pity , as I really liked the product . Getting it repaired or whatever is just not worth it . New batteries and resetting it have not helped .
 I was visiting my sister-in-law , who had purchased from Amazon.com theFranklin Electronic Bible . I liked it so much , I ordered 3 for me andmy children -LRB- all adults -RRB- . They arrived before the alloted time for delivery and are now being used daily . Thank you for your prompt andeasy service .
 I AM EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH MY PURCHASE OF THE PRODUCT . YOU SHOULD PULL IT OFF THE MARKET . READING THE SCREEN IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO READ ; AND THE VOICE QUALITY IS A VERY BAD JOKE . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT , EVEN IF IT WAS BEING GIVING AWAY.IS THERE ANY WAY IN WHICH I CAN GET MY MONEY BACK?THE SMALLS
 I saw this at Radio Shack and got it because it looked like an improvement over the BES-1840 which I 've used for several years . The 1840 while handy , is large and bulky , has no protective case and the screen scratches easily . So I do like the small size , the case , and the cover of the 1850 . But when compared side-by-side to the 1840 , the screen is much harder to read and also as the other reviewers state the audio is hard to hear , even turned all the way up , unless you are in a somewhat quiet area and hold the unit close to your ear!Everything else is good , and the dictionary entrys are clearer , with more words translated . But it seems to me the 2 most important things on a translator like this should be being able to read the screen and hear the translations clearly otherwise what 's the point of the electronics?Another annoying thing , this version is actually MISSING some words from the 1840 . That 's right . I do n't know about you , but for me the funnest words to learn first when learning a new language are the cuss words and the dirty words . Well guess what , you wo n't see any of them in this new politically-correct version.Its useable I guess , not too bad for $ 90.00 at Amazon if you 're desperate but not worth the $ 120.00 I paid . I 'm going to try to find something better or simply continue using the old bulky BES-1840 which I can see and hear well .
 It is almost impossible to see the screen and the audio is very bad . Look for a newer product . I plan to give my unit away .
 I love the possibilities an electronic dictionary offers but the mechanics of this one has a lot of problems . The screen does not have enought contrast no matter how you adjust it . If you use the backlight it shuts off , in fact it shuts off on its own all the time . Very frustrating . Whenever it shuts off unexpectedly you also loose all of your preferences -LRB- like large type -RRB- . The voice part is really not worth the extra money . The pronunciations are so digitized it does not help much . It is extremely convenient to have an electronic translator in your pocket , just not this one .
 This translator came in torn wrapping , which was taped closed . So , obvious that it was used . The item was supposed to be brand new in the original packaging . Yeah right ! There was even dirt on the electronic dictionary and some of the adhesives have been peeled off leaving residue on the front and back of the item . And , the display lighting is very poor and in low light settings , it is nearly impossible to see the text . It comes with a talking option for pronuciation but the volume , even on max , is so soft , you need to hold it up to your ear to hear it . Look for some other spanish-english dictionary -LRB- It does not allow you to input phrases or sentences to transalte , but it does provide some useful phrases which are already stored in the item . -RRB-
 Franklin Merriam-Webster -LRB- -LRB- Speaking -RRB- -RRB- Spanish-English Dictionary -LRB- BES-1850 -RRB- . I really did not test it 's functionality . From that stand point it might be fabulous but the fact that I could not read the display screen was sufficient for me to return the device . The letters are blue , the backround is light green . Even after adjusting the resolution I had problems reading the small letters . If you do not have perfect vision I would not recommend this unit .
 I read reviews before I purchased . Some said the display was very dim . I took the risk . Wish I had not . It 's really , really dim . So dim , it can not be used outdoors . Recommend you look elsewhere
 Franklin Electronic Publishers BES-1890 Speaking Spanish-English DictionaryThis product did NOT provide a spoken translation from English to Spanish.The LED 's were hard to see -LRB- black on gray -RRB- and lots of unneeded games .
 1 . Does not translate phrases , just words ! 2 . Can barely read the text .3 . Does not pronounce the Spanish word , just the English word !
 I bought the 1850 based on the glowing reviews I read here , and frankly , I 'm disappointed . I 'd spent a number of hours searching for something like this , and this seemed to be the best available . If so , I 'd hate to see the others.The word lookup features seem to work pretty well , and I 'm going to try to use it on my trip to Mexico , but I find the screen barely legible , even with the backlighting , and the speech is worthless.There is a data cable you can run to your PC , but since this seems to be largely for reading eBooks you can download from Franklin , and I can not possibly imagine trying to read a book on this screen , it 's useless . Mine did not come with an AC adaptor , and a couple of mine I tried did n't work.I think the glowing reviews here are highly misleading .
 I puchased this unit for my 7th grade daughter . The voice speaking the phrases was so soft , especially on the Spanish side , that we figured we got a broken one right out of the box . Franklin customer service promptly sent me a replacement , and I was shocked to see it has exactly the same problem -- even when the volume is turned up full you can barely hear the voice you are supposed to learn from . I called Customer Service again , thinking they must have heard about this problem before , but they said that must just be how the unit works , and they denied having had a lot of complaints about it . If that 's true , I 'm really surprised . The speaking function is a big disappointment , from the volume standpoint . I ca n't really comment on the unit otherwise , but I am quite disappointed by this Franklin product .
 I am truly dissatified with this ` Franklin BES - 1850 Speaking Spanish/English Electionic Dictionary . When I recieved this instrument it was not what I expected for nearly a cost of $ 100 . I had already destroyed the package and did not believe that I could return it to you . I would like to sell it back to you , if possible . It does not really work that well and some of the words I chose for pronounciation was not included electronically in the dictionary . My main purpose was to pronounce words more proficent , but now I am still using my paper back dictionary . I am very sorry I purchased this instrument and I feel like I am stuck with this product . Can I return this back for refund ?
 Well , when I order this product the offer was very clear saying , including this & that & also in its original package . But , instead I got a used product with no package & the including this & that did n't come . So , I do n't recommend this seller , unless you want to get screwed up too.Best wishes , Jose CruzFranklin Merriam-Webster Speaking Spanish-English Dictionary -LRB- BES-1850 -RRB-
 The product is very good with a lot of resources . But unfortunatelly I can not see the word very well . The light is very weak .
 I am studying to be court interperter & I need to learn as many words as posible , both in English & Spanish . This does n't have a good definision for each language , it just translates .
 Franklin Produts are known to be limited and cheaply made . I paid $ 25 for this product because it was originally listed close to $ 100 several months ago . However , I over paid for this product and should of gone with my gut and not of purchased it . The technology seems to be late 80 's and very basic . You can only find one word at a time and the dictionary is very small and worthless . I traveled to south america and gave up using this hunk of junk after 1 hour . Hard to see the screen , limited vocabulary , ca n't understand the audio playback of the words , and you ca n't form sentences . Good thing for me I was able to get online with my I-touch and use google translator which is free . I strongly sugguest you save your cash and use the free technology online to form sentences and translate real day activities . I will never use franklin products again , even if it was given to me . There must be a better portable product on the market because it would hard to find something this generic .
 I 'm the dissenting review here . For me , the screen contrast is extremely poor , so bad that I do n't find the dictionary worth using . I 'm very disappointed because the other reviews were very positive and I like all of the benefits of quick , electronic access.Also , WARNING
 I purchased this product to take to Mexico on vacation . It is almost impossible to read the blue print on the blue background in any lighting with or without the back light on , even with contrast set to maximum . I have been so frustrated with not being able to see the information that I know it has that I have had to resist throwing it across a room . I am still in Mexico , and will take it back to the point of purchase as soon as I get back over the border . It is insane for a company to produce a product with so much good information and then make it impossible to access .
 I found the speech quality very very poor , and incorrect pronication of words . I typed in some of the instructions from the lid and found the translator did not translate correctly!Save your money and buy just a basic dictionary and take a beginner 's class . They laugh at this product when I took it to Spain . They thought it was some kind of bad joke .
 To begin with , the screen is so dull , even with backlight , that it is almost impossible to be seen indoors and impossible outdoors . You will not be able to type a word in and show it to someone as to get a particular product at the grocery story since they will not be able to see the screen . Even common words were not to be found and forget about phrases . Not to be recommended .
 This is not much more than a dictionary with a difficult to read screen . I think I expected more of a `` Babblefish '' type translation device where I could input a phrase I needed to speak . This device only allows single word input . The `` phrases '' described in the marketing refers to pre-set common phrases , and is very poorly organized with no search capabilities outside of major categories . It would be good in emergencies -LRB- such as when you go blank trying to remember a specific word -RRB- , but unfortunately its too big to slide into a pocket .
 Mine would not speak , and I returned it . Has anyone got this product to speak?Also , instructions are a difficult to handle foldout , instead of a handy booklet .
 It was a nice starter for someone needing a Spanish-English dictionary but the unit I got was defective . The enter & the space buttons did not work . These rendered this toy useless . It had a nice touch screen feature but it was no substitute for the enter & space buttons . I would rate this a 5 star if the buttons worked .
 Did not receive the ordered product . Received Merriman dictionary . Had to return product at my expense . Sent several emails to the sender with no reply .
 This Franklin product is not worth even looking at . It does not performed as advertised and you more time being frustrated then you will ever get any assistance . Franklin needs to decide whether it wants to be in today 's technology and either be a PDA or pocket PC , or stop trying to compete in this market . Their products are misleading in advertising what they are supposed to be for , and really not even worth looking at for most fields . I believe you can do better with multiple other products that are more technologically advanced , and can meet today 's needs and challenges . I would highly avoid this company 's products in the future . It will just mean an extra drive to return it .
 It may be a good dictionary but it is unreadable because of the dark green background . I have not been able to use it . Its a complete waste of money
 Very poor product . You often get examples whih have nothing to do with the original word and do not get a concise translation .
 I bought this product as a present , since I 've one an it 's great but me experience become a nightmare when the product arrived the speaker key did n't work so I requested an exchange being very expecific that a wanted a device that work appropriately and I had to pay for the return package , but I did n't complain thinking in my friend 's present , and when finally the devices arrived , again they sent me one that did 'd work this time was the light key , so I had to return the product agiain and paid again for the return package ... it was a disaster and I gave my friend other present
 When items was received it was wrapped in bubble wrap without a box . The item did not work and it was apparent that it was a used item , not new as advertised .
 The item arrived in a white little box instead of its original blister pack . No batteries , no headphones . The manual that came in the box looks like a photocopied letter-sized page . Otherwise the unit is perfect .
 I got this dictionary because it seemed to be the best and most complete at the time . However , there are a few things that drive me crazy about this device ! 1 -RRB- The screen is hard to read . Firstly , Franklin decided to have the words printed in medium-darkish blue , on a green background . It just does n't work . You 'll have to play with the settings a lot to get a contrast that works most of the time , and even then you 'll have to squint a lot .2 -RRB- It 's slow !! Contrary to what some say , it does conjugate verbs in all tenses , you just have to keep on tapping the CONJ button . However , switching between tenses is SLOOOW !! There 's a wait of maybe three seconds , and what 's worse , if the tense you want is the very last one , there 's no way to skip ahead ! You have to tap the CONJ button 15-odd times , waiting 3 seconds each time . That 's 45 seconds - I could have looked up the conjugation in my verb book in half that time or less ! The dictionary search function is fast ONLY when you do n't make any spelling mistakes , including accents . If it has to produce a list of words for you to choose from , then you have to WAIT.The whole point of having such a device is to be able to quickly look up words in any setting , and this just does n't do a good job . I can find most words in the dictionary , pronounciation is acceptable considering it 's a computerized voice , and it has some nice features , but the screen and the processing time just do n't make it worth $ 80 . If you want a really good $ 80 electronic dictionary -LRB- not Spanish -RRB- , check out the Sharp PW-E550 - aside from having no pronounciation feature , that is THE perfect electronic dictionary/theasarus to have .
 I returned this device almost immediately after trying it out . So I imagine that there were lots of features that are great but here is what I did n't like : The speech synthesis was terrible and adds $ ... to the price of the same device without the speech capability . Remember the earliest devices with speech synthesis and that is what you are getting here . I thought that I would be able to use it to get the correct pronunciation of Spanish words I was unsure about . But forget that . There are recorded real voice phrases that are supposed to sound true to life but I ca n't see how that would be useful unless you are n't interested in learning Spanish . And then , why buy a $ ... electronic dictionary?There is a feature that gives you a list of possible words if , for example , you type in an English word with multiple meanings and translations in Spanish . So , maybe you 'll get a list of three or four choices for the Spanish equivalent . There does not seem to be any way to select the one you want and jump to the dictionary entry for that word . Instead you have to scroll down through all of the definitions of all the words until you get to the translation of interest . A real pain.This device is HEAVY and will not fit in you pocket , at least not comfortably . I found the keyboard an awkward size . Too small to use like a typewriter but large enough that it took a lot of hand/finger movement to enter words . The large keyboard is possibly an advantage for someone with very large fingers or poor hand-eye coordination but I found it unpleasant to use.There were other features that appeared to me to be awkward in one way or another . It may be that I just did n't figure out the best ways to do things . I just did n't spend a lot of time figuring out all the features once I decided that the devices speech synthesis was lousy and that it was just too big and heavy to satisfy my needs for a pocket electronic dictionary.If what you want is a device that will speak some standard travelers phrases for you , I believe you can spend much less and get a device designed to just do that and do it well.If really want all of the features that the Franklin BES-1850 offers , I think that you may as well save yourself $ ... and get the Franklin model without the speech synthesis or buy one of the other electronic dictionaries out there .
 I am most dissapointed that this dictionary wo n't conjugate verbs beyond the first person singular . . it has all the tenses alright but only in the one form which really does n't give you a clue about how the third person plural might look or sound . . I bought it thinking it would be the most complete translator around but find it very lacking and ca n't believe it 's meant to be this way except that my friend has one and it 's the very same . . i would certainly reccommend this product to anyone who is a complete egotist and only wants to talk about me me me ... otherwise better keep looking ...
 The contrast is poor , and the screen background color is part of the problem - a dull grey , against which the purplish text strains the eyes . I fiddled with the contrast adjustment , and tried it with both the backlight on and off . I also expanded the text , but that allows too little of the text on the screen . The pronunciation of the `` speaking '' translator was sometimes good , sometimes poor . The control interface is clunky . Further , the French insert card worked , but the `` speaking '' part does n't work with it . In my rating , I would have given the `` portability '' portion fairly high marks , but the other attributes were so poor , I did not want to encourage anyone else to take a chance on this.It 's a waste of money . I remembered my Android phone , downloaded a free foreign dictionary app , and find it very satisfactory . I also am purchasing a hard-copy book for more expanded definitions and word usage .
 Overall was simply not useful . The audio part pronouncing the words was very low volume with no way to adjust , the phrases were nothing more than the typical tourist stuff , the display washed out in light .
 The image is very very hard to see , I thought it was poor batteries , but I 've tried every kind and still the only way to get a decent image of the screen is to use the dim option , which of course drains more battery . The options on the bottom of the screen are hard to figure out how to access . It translates the words we need and the phrases are pretty useful , though very basic . Not worth the selling price though , I 'd pay 20-30 $ for a device like this . My advice ... keep researching and try them out in person before buying online if possible .
 Franklin Merriam-Webster -LRB- -LRB- Speaking -RRB- -RRB- Spanish-English Dictionary -LRB- BES-1850 -RRB- The Franklin BES-1850 is , in my opinion , totally unusable . This is because it is impossible to see the words or icons on the screen . The writing -LRB- and icons -RRB- are a darkish blue color on a darkish green background . Try this combination on your word processor and you will see what I mean . The picture of the product on the Amazon.com website gives you the impression that it has black writing on a white background but this is not the case . In addition , the speaking voice is distorted , unclear , and the volume is too low . I do n't see how Franklin could possibly put this product on the market , and especially at a suggested list price of $ 129.00 ! I would give this unit zero stars but the lowest you can give is 1 star . Do n't bother with this product even if you get it for free . PH 110101
 The contrast on the screen was so poor that we coule n't read our results . I have an earlier Franklin product that reads very easily , so this was a big disappointment . I spoke with Franklin as suggested and they felt that the machines -LRB- we bought 2 -RRB- had been improperly stored and would n't function correctly . We have returned both of them as we could n't read the screens . The machine functions very well , we just could n't read it . Very disappointing !
 I purchased this to help me learn Spanish , and I will say , even though I got it cheap , its not worth it . First , the screen is so dark and has such low contract , its almost impossible to read without the backlight . And the backlight turns off after a few seconds.Then there is the speech . The volume is so low , its very hard to hear . The speaker is about 1/2 '' wide , so to say the sound is bad is an understatement.So , other than the fact that you ca n't see it or hear it , is it good ? Nope . I thought that a device which costs this much could at least translate a sentence . This one ca n't . Words only . There are some canned phases , but you have to search for what you want and most are pretty useless . Like for example `` I 'm in hotel room 10 '' O.K. . But what happens if your in 345 ? This thing may give you and your Spanish friends a good laugh , but not much more than that .
 I bought this `` Electronic Speaking Dictionary '' -LRB- BES-1850 -RRB- for someone as a gift . I had n't seen Franklin 's products before . When the recipient showed me this device , I became ashamed of giving her such a thing.First of all , the display was unreadable . The disfigured black font on dark green background could not be read without an external source of light . Even its back light feature could n't help.I tried to have it speak the words to reduce my regret but its built-in speaker was so weak that you could n't hear anything even in a quiet room . After using its earphone you could hear some faint sounds.I could n't believe a well-known company sold me such a extremely low-quality product . I changed the new batteries with another set of new batteries with no benefit.The provided sentences for daily conversations were very limited . In any case , it did n't matter what kind of information they stored in that device ; You could n't read or hear it!In the era of powerful handheld devices with the capability of storing and presenting huge amount of information in very usable formats , this `` thing '' is just a joke . The design , quality , and functionality of this thing is more than a decade behind the current technologies.In short , do not even think about buying this item !
 My parents bought me this translator when I started taking Spanish classes in high school . I admit , it has lasted me almost two years -LRB- which does n't really seem all that long -RRB- , but it has been very influential in helping me pass Spanish and keep my GPA at a high score.However , there are three main things which I do not like about it ... 1 -RRB- Sometimes I get frustrated because either there is n't a translation for a word I want or I type in a spanish word that my teacher gave me and there is not an English translation available . There are also discrepencies with Spanish-English translation books that I have used .2 -RRB- It is confusing as to which translation you should actually use , as in different languages there can be more than one definition of the word . So , there should be some kind of indicator that one of the options is more used .3 -RRB- The clasp broke after a little while . I do not know if it is the design or because it is in my bookbag with 3 inch thick high school books , but it still broke either way.Hope this helps .
 got this for christmas.it is not as good as i thought it would be in helping to solve crossword puzzles . Since I do n't play Scrabble , guess it might help those with words but finding an answer to , `` What is the name of Zeus 's wife ? '' is what I thought it would do . Guess I should read more of the description before I purchased it . It is also NOT a dictionary.maril
 The Crossword Puzzle Solver that I bought this time was a replacement for the same one I bought from Amazon . The first one did n't last very long ! Vertical strokes started to appear and it got worse . Eventually , I had to buy another one . In other words , so far it cost me twice the price of one . There was no recourse !!!
 ordered this item which was advertised as ` Franklin BIB-1450 New King James/International Dual Bible ' specifically to get the NEW KING JAMES Translation . The unit is advertised incorrectly in Amazon.com . it is not New King James Translation . it is KJV/NIV .
 This tool is compact , lightweight , and easy to use , but ... Though it is great that the makers knew to include both translations that are often familiar , what I really want is to be able to search two or more keywords together , to find a passage . Boolean searching of these texts would be wonderful , but I do n't think this is now available in any tool . The screen is a bit difficult to read , too .
 My husband purchased this for me for christmas . I thought it would be great to have everything in one place , best of all you can synchronize it to MS Outlook . Unfornuately , it was almost impossible to see the screen , the layout was horrible . It did synchronize with Outlook , but to see your schedule for the day , you have to click into each date and scroll down and it tells you to wait for 5 to 10 minutes . You can not shut it off while it is waiting so you waste your batteries , and end up having to write down whatever it is on paper so you do not forget . I was soooooo disappointed . Also , it took me four days to figure everything out because the instructions were sorely lacking vital information . I know computers I could n't imagine someone who did n't using this product at all . basically it is an expensive calculator that is difficult to see . I really expected alittle more .
 The keys are not functioning well after 1 year . I have to push very hard to enter the numbers . And the battery was also dead after a year .
 One of the more important features I was looking for was Call Waiting/CallerID . Well , the phone has been repaired THREE times by Panasonc and the feature still does n't work . I confirmed numerous times that this feature was turned on through the phone company . I also tested the line with a different phone , and the Call Waiting/CallerID feature IS turned on but the Panasonic phone does n't agree !
 Seems like a decent phone , but has problems that drive me crazy . It loses connection with the base constantly . Even when I 'm next to the base . I go through times when the phone just does n't work ... I unplug & replug everything in , trying to get a signal to the handset . It makes weird cutting in and out noises . I 've had it for over a year and am buying a new phone , different brand .
 I bought this phone through Amazon on March 30 , 2004 based on the good reviews I read here . The phone worked until May 23 , 2004 when it brought down my phone line and I had to have the phone company out to solve the problem . The phone line has been fixed , but the phone is hosed . I use this for my work , so it is a huge inconvenience . I hope Panasonic stands by their product .
 Upon pulling the phone out of the box , I was shocked to find that this phone system does NOT have an answering machine ! I had to go back through my research to figure out that the `` VOICE MAIL MESSAGE INDICATOR LIGHT '' that was listed in the product descriptions is not synonymous with the phone having an answering machine . You have to sign up for an AT&T answering service that you pay for separately as part of your phone bill !!! The product descriptions could be clearer on this point .
 We purchased this translater to support our two week trip to Netherlands , Germany and Italy . We were two days into our trip when the batteries went dead . We found a camera shop in Germany that carried the unique cells , and 5 euros -LRB- $ 7.00 -RRB- later it was working again . . Apparently this ietm does not have an automatic shut off if closed without turning it off.We found its available vocabulary to be limited , and had to search many times to obtain any meaningful results , , We finally figured out how to get basics from it.Four days later -LRB- on the way to Italy -RRB- , I opend it only to find the LCD display panel cracked and black . . I now have a piece of electronic junk.I would NOT reccomend this unit .
 We moved to Budapest and will travel to other countries , so we wanted something that could help us in several European countries . I did n't expect it to `` do it all '' , but I 'm very tired of seeing `` Sorry , ca n't help '' on my screen ! I 'm just trying to use it when I 'm at the grocery store -- basic stuff . I have purchased something else that would be much more helpful -- a Hungarian/English dictionary . It 's bulky , but more useful !
 Like many of the other reviewers , I found this item nearly useless . The one thing it does do fairly well is tell you what various foods are called . It might be useful for eating out . For any other purposes , buy a pocket dictionary , they are faster , cheaper , and have more definitions .
 I purchased this item and it was defective when it arrived . Amazon 's exchange process was easy and I received another one . This one worked - for a few times . Then it `` locked up '' and can no longer be used . I tried to do the reset process multiple times and it still will not work . I just put it aside as a dust collectore .
 For those of you that study romance languages , you know that a translator that does n't deal with articles is USELESS . For instance , if I wanted to translate `` Book '' into German , I should get `` das Buch '' and not just `` Buch '' , because i wo n't be able to properly say any sentences without the article . This machine does not appear to offer or understand articles . I e-mailed the company 's customer section , and they have not gotten back to me -LRB- it 's been over two weeks -RRB- . Also , for a class I am reading a young author book , and out of every ten words I look up , even in the infinitive form in the case of verbs , I 've been lucky to get two responses . I 'm getting awfully sick of the `` Sorry , ca n't help '' message . However , when it DOES manage to translate something for me , it has n't yet given me an incorrect definition , as I have checked them with my paper dictionary .
 This translator has a very limited vocabulary . Many common words could not be translated . After having this item for only a couple of weeks , the battery has died.We only used it a few times.Don ' t waste your money on this item .
 I bought this on the eve of my trip abroad . Poor thing ... it refused to turn on after being turned on fewer than five times during my outbound flight . Needless to say I was never able to actually use it during my trip on land , so I basically had an extra piece of plastic in my backpack . When I came back home -- you guessed it -- it was too late to return it . Bottom line
 It has a little vocabulary , It is so basic.It doesnt have a lot of words .
 It seemed like this device was going to be very useful , despite some of the complaints mentioned by others such as difficulty locating common words . My biggest problem is that the thing stopped working two days into my trip to France . I should have just purchased a good old-fashioned pocket dictionary . Luckily I had an abbreviated French textbook with me or I would have really been in trouble . Bought new batteries and still nothing . Completely disappointing . Do not buy this product if you want something reliable .
 It seemed logic that this 12 language translator would be a very useful device in Germany , Austria and the Czech Republic for a tourist who speaks only English . The device was of help on only two occasions during the entire twelve days spent in these three countries . The most frequent response when trying to determine the meaning of a German , Austrian or Czech word or expression was . `` Sorry , ca n't help . '' The list of English phrases to be translated into one of the other languages took too long to sort through to be of any practical value . The same information in the form of a printed handbook would have been ever so much more useful .
 Part of my annoyance with this product was that I paid more than twice the amazon rate at a tourist shop in Switzerland , that not withstanding . - The vocabulary is simply pitiful . It is incapable of differentiating any verb tense unless it happens to occur in on of it 's stock of phrases . - It can only search single words not phrases . - It can not distinguish plural from singular . - It has a correction/guess function that appears to be nearly random . In many cases the guess had only one letter in common with the word entered . -LRB- my typing may be bad but it is not that bad -RRB- - It does have a list of stock phrases that you can scroll through but it is divided into sections -LRB- shopping , emergency , etc -RRB- so you are required to guess the correct section before you have any chance of finding the phrase in question and even then the choice is very sad . - for how little it actually does it is surprisingly large and heavy . About the same size and weight as a decent phrase book.It does have a number of other functions , date and time -LRB- in case you have lost your watch -RRB- and a number of simple games . Hangman has actually helped me pass a rainy afternoon . + the keys are decent size and the screen lettering is easy to see.In summary a small phrase book will be of more use .
 We used this on our first trip to Germany and many common items and phrases are not included in the vocabulary .
 Considering the cost of this item , it did little to enhance my french vocabulary experience while travelling in France last month . I consider my french to be quite stale and hoped that it would help with commonly used french words , but was disappointed with `` no result found '' most of the time a french or english word was entered for translation .
 After reading the reviews thought this would be perfect for our upcoming trip to Europe . It arrived in a very timely manner , just a few days prior to our trip . Decided we would practice using it on our long flight . Upon doing so , realized that you can not type in words and have it translate . You type in your phrase or word and it will pick up key words and give you its suggested canned phrases . Did not find it to be very helpful at all .
 It is not user freindly and very complicated . I am not happy with it . I even had help trying to decifer it . Bad investment . By the way I am 74 and computer literate , learned computers begining in 1970 `` s.
 Not very user friendly , limited vocabulary , finally threw it away when it got stuck on Turkish which was a language I have no use for . Hope there is a better product out there as the concept is good .
 I bought this translator to my wife for initial studies and at first use she tried to translate a simple sentence from Portuguese to English . It did not work . Of course it could be a difficult one , ok , tried once again with a simpler sentence . Once more the device took a long time to say `` can not help '' . Then she tried to use simple words and in about 10 tries it found 2 or 3 words and it was very difficult to understand their meanings , as the device proposed a lot of possible matches which did not even have to do with the word she typed . As I am proficient in both languages I tried myself . I stopped after a few tries , as the results were getting worse . It does not seem the internal dictionary is poor , but the matching algorithm is not smart enough for this device . It takes a long time to identify it can not help on the required translation and it does not help on very basic sentences , which was the first need of my wife . I returned the product and fortunately Amazon had gave me back the money with no issues . I was looking for something cheap and useful , but it was only cheap . Might help on other languages , but I guess newer devices might help more who need it for studying .
 This is very poor translator . i can not understand how 450000 word included in it , because plenty of simple words not in translator.Franklin can do something really better !!!
 I received the item in the U.S. and it worked perfectly , however , when I flied overseas the device had stopped working . All of the elements seemed to be intact , so I assumed it had to be the batteries . Unfortunately , when I changed the batteries it was not able to turn on . Which brings me to the conclusion that its a crappy made model , do n't buy it ! Its a waste of money !
 It 's not productive , it does n't translate phrases , a lot of times does n't even translate single words
 Wow , I have never seen such poor quality in an electronic product ! I want to give it negative or zero stars.I really wanted the item and received it for Christmas . The first translator had missing hinges , therefore the cover did not fit on the item . I returned it and received the replacement - which had a non-functional keyboard.Now , either I have won the statisical lottery and managed to get two completely defective items in a row , or the quality of these items are very poor . Save your money and buy a different product from a different manufacturer . Also , if you are only looking for a few languages , either download an inexpenisive applet for your computer or smart phone . Either would provide the same level of detail in language translation .
 On the face of it , a brilliant idea . Unfortunately , this device is utterly useless as a translator from a language which generally does not classify nouns by gender -LRB- e.g. English -RRB- to one that does -LRB- e.g. French -RRB- . The gender is of course , part of the noun . The TG-450 gives only a partial translation ie no gender . The implications should be obvious to any student of language.I find it amazing that a supposedly reputable company like Franklin should market a product with such a glaring deficiency.For non-English speakers it might be slightly more useful , but not much . For example , many French nouns are dual gender . Maybe the TG-450 can differentiate between ` le cave ' - meaning ` idiot ' and ` la cave ' - meaning ` basement ' . I did n't keep my long enough to find out . The fact is , it is not a translator but an overpriced and useless gimmick . Buy a pocket dictionary .
 Hard to use . Does not show gender in French !!! Has outdated features and lacks customization in several areas where it is needed . Feels and looks like something that has been re-cycled from a previous translator.I need it for the odd word in Italian - if there were any other choice I would not use it . If it were more expensive I would send it back.Took it with me to Italy . Useless ! Langenscheidt 's small dictionary does a much better job at 1/3 the price !!
 The Franklin TG-450 Translator is difficult to use and would be impractical in situations travelers get into . There is no way to get the proper translation for common questions - e.g. where is the railroad station ? The individual foreign words are spelled out but the pronunciation is not given.I tried it for a couple of days before our trip and eventually sent it back and bought two Larousse Mini-dictionaries which worked out well for us .
 While it worked , it seemed pretty good , I started playing hangman and after that it went crazy - letters would n't delete and would keep adding more instead of deleting . I found many useful phrases-that is why I am giving it 2 stars , I will try another one for this reason , so let 's see if this one works .
 Even the most basic functions range from difficult to impossible . The translator ca n't find basic words . Seems like a great idea , but is pretty much a waste of money .
 I was very disappointed with this product because its currency conversion is for Deutsche Marks . The current official currency for Germany are Euros now . If the product description had listed the conversion was for Deutsche Marks I would not have purchased this particular product , so I feel the description was a little misleading . I would have paid more for a device that had the ability to convert the USD to the Euro . So I am stuck with a product that I am unhappy with . I 'd love to exchange this for the product that I really need .
 I bought this for Spanish language and it is so slow that it would be impossible to use it for conversation . It has helped me translate several easy words but most times this translator could not find an answer to words . Onboard Hangman game is fun to pass time .
 I was sooooo excited to receive the Franklin TG-450 12 Language Translator , that as soon as it came in the mail , I immediately opened it and followed the instructions to begin using this language translator . Boy was I surprised when NONE of the words of phrases I typed in the translator to be translated from English to German were in there ! Simple words like eat , bathroom , dog , cat ... . you know , the things we need to find our way in another country ! Well , needless to say , I returned the product the very next day and I guess I will be going to Germany without a language translator -- wish me luck !
 This unit can help you get by , but you 'll be much better off with a higher end talking model.Very limited vocabulary -LRB- at least in Polish -RRB- , does not recognize many common words . Tenses confuse it , as does use of a word as a modifier.No phonetic cues , limited use for Slavic languages for sure.If you have a laptop , netbook , Windows mobile platform , smart phone , or Palm device , look at the Lingvosoft talking software available right here on Amazon . It works really well .
 This is really pretty much useless to anyone who is serious about languages ... the more she uses it the more she is frustrated with the bad results she gets to even common words . There are much better FREE translators on line.Franklin TG-450 12 Language TranslatorMy niece loves languages . For her birthday she wanted a translator - this would be her first ... although she selected it she did not realize that it was so limited in what it provided.This is an okay item but not good enough for someone who wants to work with anything above a basic set of words.I would have retunred this item and bought her a more expensive one butthe item comes packed in a plastic clam shell so there is no way of trying this and returning it if you do not like it because the packaging has been opened ... . this would be my greatest complaint .
 I bought the Franklin TG-450 12 Language Translator for my wife . She is taking spanish classes and did n't want to carry a dictionary in her purse . Once we got the package in the mail , we quickly realized that the language translator was of little use . It does n't conjugate words since it only gives you the orignal stem . Moreover , its lack of vocabulary is unimpressive . We had to refer to the dictionary 9 out of 10 times when looking for a word . It now collects dust on our book shelf . If you are serious about learning a language , either buy a more expensive translator or a pocket dictionary .
 Horrible !!! It does not help too much , not user friendly ... I feel like I wasted my money
 How can you hope to sell a language translator when YOU DO N'T TELL WHAT LANGUAGES IT TRANSLATES ?????????
 When I first bought this phone we were very happy . It worked great . About 9 months after we bought it the battery started dying . I replaced one battery and that handset worked great for about a month . Now they are both the same . I have to charge them every night or else they will drop calls or not let me answer the phone . The battery life is terrible . I called Panasonic and they had me reset the phone so we are trying that now . I would not recommend this phone to anyone that talks more than 20 minutes a day . I would think there are phones out there that have longer lasting batteries .
 After having used an older Panasonic cordless happily for the past ten years , I was really disappointed by this product 's performance . The call quality was significantly lower -- even the dial tone was weak -- right out of the box . The answering system 's playback of messages had the same problem ; the messages were hard to hear , and volume control did n't address the issue . Sad to say , the whole set-up went back after a week of use -- and poor performance .
 I received my phone a yesterday , I charged it a full 24 hours , went to use it and there is an annoying buzzing sound on both phones . It is so frustrating and loud . I am very disappointed ! I will NEVER buy Panasonic again . I am sending this back ASAP and going to try a different phone . Beware of this phone , save yourself some hassle and go with a different brand .
 This has to be the worst phone I ever owned . I bought it because I liked the built in answering machine and the additional cordless phone unit , but it 's given me nothing but problems . This surprised me because I had good luck in the past with Panasonic phones . The battery life is non-existent . It 'll be fully charged and a 15 minute phone call would drain the battery completely making the phone useless . At first I thought I got a bad phone , so I took it back and got another one , the exact same model . Well I had the exact same problem ! It was so frustrating to have a fully charged phone go dead after one telephone conversation . Do n't buy this model ... find another that has more than a 15 minute battery life !
 I like all the features of this phone EXCEPT it will only store 22 digit phone numbers . I need 24-25 digits to store 11 digit phone # + 1 or 2 pauses and a 12 digit pin for prepaid phone card dialing . As an alternative speed dialing would work ; one # for call and one number for pin . This phone has no speed dial capability.I will return the phone . Too bad - the price was right or `` too good to be true '' .
 Do n't buy this phone It only lasted about 3 months and we had troulbe with them . We will stop buying all Pana products because this is the 2nd product that has not lasted to long from Pana .
 I bought the KX TG2382B from Amazon . The phone 's reception is excellent . The phone worked beautifully for three days until the third handset arrived under a seperate mailing . After setting up the third phone and trying to register it to the base the whole set of phones all went dead and could not be registered and thus did not work . The message on all the phones kept repeating `` No link to base . Move closer to base . Try again . '' After calling Panasonic and staying on hold for 15 minutes I finally had a nice guy Brian try to help me Case # 14176227 for Panasonic employees out there . And to no avail he could not get the phones registered . I read on Amazon that these phones had some trouble connecting to the base so it is not surprising I had such bad luck . I asked Brian if he heard of the phones having trouble he said no initially but admitted he has frequent calls from people trying to register their handsets to the base so they could work . I would stay away from Panasonic phones in general . I wrote the head of Customer Service of Panasonic , Don Iwatani , a letter on another 2.4 GHZ phone that busted and still have not heard back from them after one month . I use to think Panasonic was the best product and that their reception far outweighs the competition but unfortunately the hardware on their phone systems seems extremely weak . I will not buy from Panasonic again .
 The Panasonic KX-TG2382B telephone system and KX-TGA230B companion are so disappointing I would n't think of reselling them to someone else.Pros
 Great phone at first but now one and a half years later three buttons do n't work on both handsets . Same problem as other guy had !
 I absolutely loved this phone for 6 months . Then one day , one of the handsets stopped working . I changed batteries with the other handset , the battery was fine , the handset just died.I called support and waited 20 minutes before I could talk to someone . They told me to send the whole set -LRB- including the base and both handsets -RRB- to Texas , and they would send me a refurbished one.I would have to buy a new phone because the process would take two weeks -LRB- a long time to be without a phone -RRB- , and I would have to pay for the shipping.So I decided to go with the single working handset , instead of sending it . It will be a long time before I trust Panasonic again .
 My fault , I let my electronics store friend talk me into another Panasonic phone in spite of my poor review of the one I was replacing , just 2 years old , and 3 of the buttons on the handset do n't work , -LRB- not to mention it weighs too much , KX-TC1870B -RRB- . So now this one is 1.5 years old and the handset says , `` no link to base , move closer '' , when I 'm 2 inches away . Battery 's full but no cigar . `` Do n't buy this phone . Calls are dropped randomly , without apparent reason -LRB- although this most often occurs when a second call comes in and the call-waiting signal is received -RRB- . Handsets randomly complain that they are `` too far from base '' and will not turn on -- even placing the handset directly on the base wo n't fix the problem -LRB- it just seems to start working again after a few minutes , but not always -RRB- . I have missed many calls just trying to get a fully-charged handset to pick up when the `` Talk '' button is pressed.Another annoyance -- when the answering machine picks up , the handsets ' displays change to read `` Line in Use '' . If you did n't get to the handset in time , you miss the caller ID info.Expect a high level of frustration .
 Well I got this phone and I am not keeping it ! WHY?The answering machiene echos and the clairty it NOT THERE!It hisses in the backround ! The only thing that was nice about this phone is that it is expandable.I had a KX-TG2500 series and just loved it . I now need a phone with an answering machiene and thought it would be nice to have a expandable system so I got this one ! What a mistake!My Panasonic 2500 series is much better that I have had for 3 years so I went out and bought a panasonic KX-TG2583B and just love it ! NO ECHO OR HISS ! ...
 Do n't buy this phone . Please disregard my post-purchase review of February 3 . Calls are dropped randomly , without apparent reason -LRB- although this most often occurs when a second call comes in and the call-waiting signal is received -RRB- . Handsets randomly complain that they are `` too far from base '' and will not turn on -- even placing the handset directly on the base wo n't fix the problem -LRB- it just seems to start working again after a few minutes -RRB- . I have missed many calls just trying to get a fully-charged handset to pick up when the `` Talk '' button is pressed.Battery life is terrible , charge time is lengthy.Another annoyance -- when the answering machine picks up , the handsets ' displays change to read `` Line in Use '' . If you did n't get to the handset in time , you miss the caller ID info.Call quality is fine , and the speakerphone and headset jacks are nice , but everyone has those now.Expect a high level of frustration .
 I am embarrased how my Panasonic Phone Totally destroys 802.11 Wireless Lans ... My neighborhood is full of Wireless Lans and 2.4 ghz phones causing friction and anger in neighborhood . I and some of my neighbors are THROWING AWAY the 2.4 ghz phones for 900mhz phones that co-exist with Wireless Lans . . Panasonic should warn on the lable of the box that the 2.4 ghz phone will cause your Neighbors to HATE you ... . Nothing but trouble not knowing that the 2.4 ghz phone causes more grief than benefit ... Wish I know this before I wasted my Money on the 2.4 Giga Range phone . Had to disconnect it . Waste of my money and just makes all my neighbors Mad ...
 I pulled the ring out just to get a feel for the length and it slides right out . It can be fixed but . . come onnnnnn ! Really !? I knew it was cheap but not that cheap .
 product seemed quite reliable and thin metal chain cord belt clip are really strong . however , it broke yesterday . I tried to fix this by myself so I unscrewed , to find that core part of the spring mechanism was poorly welded and there was no way for me to fix .
 I like this pointer very much but sometimes you have to shake it to make the connection .
 I want this to be five star ***** but I cant change it.After recieving inccorect item , I contacted the Company through Amazon and the company fixed the problem in one day .
 I ordered this toy because i wanted a good laser pointer for a good price . Unfortunatly , i got this thing . This toy is like a bomb , when you push the on button it does n't work no more . Mine did n't even turn on ! psh , it 's not like i 'm going to pay a whole 5 bucks to return that stupid thing . I didnt even get to shine it in someone 's eyes -LRB- which is very unsafe -RRB- . I do not suggest buying this toy . ever . especially if you want to shine it in peoples eyes -LRB- which is a serious health risk that Amazon.com does not endorse -RRB- .
 Cool concept . Poor Quality control.I bought this for my son 's Birthday . Well it arrived and we opened it . The laser worked for a whole 6 minutes before it started to blink on and off . Then it made its final blink and died . $ 9.00 for the laser , $ 5.00 for shipping , and then $ 5.00 more dollars for return shipping . Not a good deal . It has crossed my mind that this actually marketed by UPS so they can boost their shipping sales this year . I 'm going to Staples and buying an Apollo laser pointer . If you search for laser pointers Apollo is one of the most common and there is probably a good reason for it!I hate junky , imported , poorly-made products and this pointer qualifies in all categories .
 I received this as a gift to entertain my cats , but like others listed here I found it poorly designed . It works sporadically , if at all .
 With in two days of using this toy for our dogs , it stopped working .
 Sometimes a purchase exceeds my expectations , and that was true of this step stool . It 's easy to open and shut , convenient to store , attractive , and really durable . It 's the kind of product that makes me look for the manufacturer 's label when I 'm buying something similar .8 MONTHS LATER . Forget my rave review . The stool LOOKS sturdy , but it 's not . The manufacturer claims that it has `` self-locking '' steps . On a camping trip last weekend , I opened the stool fully outside my RV , sat on it , and began a small repair job . For no apparent reason , it collapsed underneath me . My derriere is still bruised and sore , and I have an appointment with the chiropractor . I am 80 years old and ca n't afford to play Russian roulette with hip fractures.Shame on this manufacturer . My handyman looked at the stool and said , `` Throw it out . It 's a piece of **** . `` If you 're shopping for a safe stool , THIS IS NOT THE ONE YOU WANT .
 See the pretty , silver step stool in the picture ? What shows up is a mess of very stuck-on labels . Two large , ugly stickers cover each front leg , a large sticker is under the top step , and another sticker is in front of the top step . It took me hours to get the mess off . I get the impression somebody ignored safety precautions and sued these people , and we 're all being punished for it . I selected the more expensive model , because I thought it would be attractive , based on the photo . I 'm using it in my living room where the ugliness is not wanted.As for the stool , it seems a little rickety . I dont ' like that the top step folds down . Hope the mechanism continues to work . The plastic release tab is quite flimsy . I am using it as a combination footstool -LRB- bottom step -RRB- and monitor stand -LRB- top step -RRB- . I 'm in a very small RV , so having this fold when it 's not in use will free up space.I have several Polder products and like them , but the abusive stickering on this stool is just absurd .
 This stool can easily pinch your fingers when closing . Requires two hands to open . We 're returning it .
 We have two of these at our house and use them often.We have also experienced a few `` finger pinches '' , but my biggest complaint is I can not find a replacement for a broken rubber handle.I will not pay $ 25 for a new stool just to get a new rubber handle!Except for these obvious defects , I would give it a higher rating.Polder 2 Step Stool without Rail
 The stool is great as far as it 's ability to function . It is quite thin which makes it easy to store . It does have a safety issue !!!!! My 3 year old son got his finger pinched when we were adjusting it to push it together . I almost got my finger pinched as well on more than one occassion . My husband welded it together and now it remains in the open position thus , no more pinched fingers . I would think twice before purchasing this one if you have toddlers around . I was right there when my son pinched his finger and it was difficult to open the stool back up to release his finger .
 This phone is AMAZING !!! I first got into Skype using my built-in laptop camera and microphone ... but did n't like the ` publicity ' of using it like that ... so I got this box , called a ZOOM box ... and while it has some neat features ... it is a RESOURCE HOG ! You have to nearly have a CAD station to run that thing properly!So ... I suffered ... then , I decided hey , WM had the Philips on sale and I might as well try it ... well , guess what ? This thing is nearly as clear as a landline , without the cost ! LOVE IT ! By the way...Wallie-World has this phone marked down to $ 10.00 in electronics !!! I HIGHLY recommend a visit there , first ! I bought three and gave two away to friends ... they are wonderful ! *** UPDATED AS OF MAY 26 , 2011 *** Due to recent changes in Skype service , combined with Phillips not continuing support to keep this phone functional with Skype service , I can no longer recommend this phone . The ` ANSWER ' and ` HANG-UP ' buttons no longer work , as the commands are no longer recognized . You would be far-better-off in looking at either a standard bluetooth headset and selecting ` ANSWER ' from your keyboard , or with going with another system of your choice . Sadly , that which works good seems to not work well for long , anymore .
 The `` phone '' itself is not bad , but is by no means cordless . It most certainly needs to be attached to my computer by a flimsy USB cable that is permanently attached to the `` phone '' . Yes , the base is cordless , but it is just a little piece of plastic to hold the CORDED phone in an upright position when you are not using it . I guess that I should have known better than to expect a cordless phone for this price . It 's too bad that they lied in the description of the product !!!! Please update the description so that others wo n't be deceived into buying a product that might not be what they were expecting . I expect better from you , Amazon !!!
 GARBAGE PRODUCT , installation of software will erase all contacts in SKYPE . The update drivers on the website work like sand in a gasoline tank . I contacted the 24 hour CHAT and they tried to give me answers but they gave me more problems . There is no function for HOME PREMIUM or XP , it did work for VISTA but it erased all contacts . I had to ask SKYPE to fix my contacts twice . If you are willing to waste your good earned money , BACK UP CONTACTS before installation . This is the Third product from Phillips I have bought and two have been broken from the start . SHAME ON PHILLIPS !!!! if you dislike someone ... buy this product for them as a gift . As of now I have banned myself from buying anything from PHILLIPS .
 I ordered this phone after reading the description given at Amazon . Following is what is at the website : Product DescriptionPhilips VOIP080 is a cordless phone with Skype integration . It features ClearVoice providing face-to-face conversation quality with the convenience of a classic phone . You can control your Skype functions directly from your handset.When I received the phone , lo and behold , it is anything but cordless . It is connected to the computer with a USB cable . Extremely misleading . Otherwise the phone works well .
 After reading all of the positive reviews I decided to try out this phone . My experiences were quite different with it.First of all the phone was not plug and play by any means . It did not come with Vista software , and I had to mess around with drivers online for nearly an hour before I could get it to work . I also had to change skype settings before getting it to work.Secondly the phone is just cheaply made , and you can tell just by picking it up that it feels like a toy.The phone 's plastic base is really a joke . It easily moves around on your desk and the phone does not sit properly in it with the cord unwound . This was very frustrating . The USB cord also feels like it would easily break under stress.As for the calling experience there is a delay between the time the button is pressed and when it shows up in skype , so if you are used to dialing quickly you will be fumbling over numbers with this phone.One of the only things I can recommend about this phone is that the sound quality while making calls was fairly good , but not great . Sounded to me like a cheap land-line house phone.Another frustrating problem that I ran into was that when skype was running , all of the sounds coming from my pc -LRB- for example
 Very disappointed . They do n't make it clear that there is no Mac support . Worse , this product is not even listed on the Philips website . Ca n't believe that Philips put together a product with such shoddy support.I guess you get what you pay for .
 Does n't work properly with new versions of Skype in Windows Vista . It required me to use the Skype ver .3 that comes on the CD-Rom . When I upgraded to version 4.1 the sound turned garbled and the buttons stopped function properly . The ring tones are so shrill that my ears nearly bled . The handset has no volume control , you must open the Phillips Voip0801 driver to adjust volume.Other than that ... If Phillips would provide better driver support it could be a 4 * . I give it a 2 * only because I got mine for $ 20 with shipping . If I had paid full price I would have rated 0 and returned it .
 I had used Skype with a mike/headset for nearly 4 year when I got the Philips VOIP080 . And I 'm impressed with it . it does not having MS VISTA SOPPORT . : -LRB-
 If you want to buy this junk go ahead , I wish you all the best . I purchased this product couple of weeks ago and it did not work . There are way better products than this .
 I bought this phone for my business , and it worked great for about a week ... Then Skype updated and the phone did n't . Ever since then , we have had about 70 % of our calls not have audio -LRB- in or out , depending on what it wants . -RRB- It no longer rings when a call comes through , and it 's constantly popping up errors on the screen . Might be good for some people , but not for people with more than light use . We paid $ 20 for it at Walmart , and I guess you get what you pay for ...
 DO NOT PURCHASE SKYPE COMPATIBLE PHONES ANYMORE . THE RECENT CHANGES MADE BY SKYPE MAKE THEM IMPOSSIBLE TO OPERATE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESPONSE I GOT FROM THEM BECAUSE MY 150,00 EURO PHONE IS NOW OBSOLETE
 In the technical details the important missing detail is that this product does NOT work with Apple Macs . If it worked I might be able to write a glowing report . But is very expensive for Mac users because it does n't work at all and AntOnline does not give a refund if you buy it from them.Philips VOIP0801 USB Travel Handset
 I bought this with the assumption that the width would be the same in the front as it is in the back . It is not ! It 's 33/4 inches wide in the back and it widens to the front to 47/8 inch . The product 's description fails to mention this crucial detail . The narrowing towards the back makes this a lousy way to store a shelf full of magazines files , as it would create a lot of unusable shelf space in the back between the magazine files.I would not buy this again .
 This is not as advertised . This is a single mechanical pencil , not a 4 assorted color set . Very disappointed , the cost is too much for one pencil . Feel like I 've been taken .
 This product was not delivered to the correct address at first . This was corrected with a lot of effort on my part.After delivery - I noticed that one of the castors was damaged . I notified the sender and requested a new castor , but have never been contacted regarding this issue . I am very dissapointed with this interaction .
 Wish I had a zero star option.I got the first one shipped and the battery compartmentscrew had a blunt head . Returned it for a new one.Volume control know kept having loose contact and wouldbreak the voice , and had to keep jiggling it.Finally , after 3 months , One day , went dead . No CPRnothing would help . I thought I should give a newbiea try . I am going back to panasonic and the sony 's . I knowthey may have issues , or a hickup here and there . But togo totally dead on you.I am amazed Amazon carries this Piece of S *** . Save yourself the trouble . Ditch it.Sun
 This product was a huge disappointment . The seller sent me two , paid for one . Not sure why they did that . The best thing about the product is that it came with a prerecorded British voice . But using it was nightmare . Which is why one quickly went in the trash and the new one was regifted to some unsuspecting soul .
 Ok . . so my husband bought this thing because I have the cute little blue swatch phone that goes with it . We unpacked this thing and I tried to set it up . Let me just say , I am a software engineer and I could n't get this darned thing to work . I tried EVERYTHING . It is supposed to be easy . It looks easy . It even sounds easy -LRB- when you can decipher what the automated voice is saying to you -RRB- but the darned thing would n't record messages . I tried several lines and even brought the thing into my office to try there . No luck . SO ... if you buy this , beware . The one you get might not work . I suspect I got a bum one , but I was pretty disgruntled with it and its tech staff .
 Not reliable - stopped recording after just a couple of months of usage , poor sound quality .
 This is the only answering machine that I 've ever owned that records hang-ups . On an average day , I get several hang-ups -LRB- probably from telemarketers -RRB- , so it 's absolutely necessary that an answering maching be able to tell when the caller has hung-up and NOT record the `` message '' -LRB- i.e. the long silence and then the dial-tone -RRB- . Otherwise , it 's not a bad product .
 Good points
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Blue Bean seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messages are so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Blue Bean is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 This answering machine has two great advantages over alot of other ones
 Everyone I called with this phone either complained about the bad connection or how echoey and strange my voice sounded . Actually , the phone sounded echoey to me too a bit when talking on it . Perhaps because of the speakerphone ? Also , during every conversation I had with the phone , strange interference and drop outs abounded every few minutes . But I really liked the speaker-in-handset function so much that I did n't want to give it up . As recommended in the instruction manual , I tried it in several locations throughout my apartment , always with the same results . Finally , I gave up and returned the phone . Maybe it failed because I live in an apartment building in NYC ?
 I bought this phone last week and had high expectations because of all the positive reviews I read on it . I 'm probably not going to keep this phone because of the noticeable `` echo '' it has even when I turn the volume all the way down on it . I do n't know if the echo has to do with the DSS technology but it seems I hear it in almost every phone I 've tried that has this technology . If you do n't mind the echo on this phone than you probably will like it , but for me it drives me crazy .
 Im returning the phone . Its possible the city setting has to do with it , but the quality of the reception on this phone is awful . Not only do I get the echo , but I also get static noise at certain places . Ive moved the base and handset around to different positions , but nothing helps much . And now I have to pay for shipping ... nothing against amazon , but its probably not a good idea to buy electronics you havent tried out , because you inevitably have to deal with the extra shipping costs and hassle .
 First of all , this appears to be the exact same map asRand McNally U.S.A Wall Map . However , the linked map is only $ 5.95 -LRB- and still available for free shipping with prime -RRB- . It 's pretty infuriating when Amazon lists two identical products , shipped from the same place -LRB- Amazon -RRB- , at very different prices.My biggest gripe , however , is this
 The map arrived crinkled despite the cardboard box . It also did not have the detail I was hoping for.I did not bother returning it but it went directly into my trash bin .
 I ordered this map over 3 months ago . FINALLY , after not receiving the item in the timeframe promised , I received an email that the sender could not make good on their sale/delivery promise .
 Product came to me folded and wrinkled . Would have returned if it was a more expensive item , but this one was not worth my time .
 The map itself is quite nice , which is the only thing keeping me from giving this a one-star rating . Two things really stand out , and most other reviewers have already noted these : - this product is shipped in an envelope , not a cardboard tube like the world map from swiftmap that I ordered -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006I59E8/ref=oss_product -RRB- . Officemap really needs to fix this because my map arrived with all sorts of crinkles in it . If it were n't such a hassle , I would return the map . - the lamination is not true lamination -- it 's more like what you get when you buy inexpensive glossy photo paper for your inkjet printer , if not thinner . I wo n't be using any dry-erase markers on this map unless I cover it with plexiglass or some other laminate .
 I ordered this map back in June , and it still has not even been shipped yet . -LRB- I picked standard shipping -RRB- Unless you are okay with waiting over a month for this , I would n't recommend it .
 I recently purchased a paper world map from amazon and it arrived in very poor condition . The map was in a solid , cardboard tube which was not dented or damaged at all , but the map itself was rolled and covered in plastic and was bent and crushed in at several different areas . Obviously , this map was put into the cardboard tube damaged and just sent on without regard to the customer receiving it . We decided just to keep it and smooth it out as well as possible , because it wasn ; ' t worth the hassle to return a $ 3.00 map.Thanks
 I purchased this thing in person , from a `` big box '' store . It was $ 110 and while it LOOKS good in the picture it is not sturdy AT ALL . I have a lot of experience putting furniture together being a regular IKEA shopper so I know I did n't do it wrong . The `` wood '' was flaking off in chunks before I even got it out of the box . The plastic `` trim '' around the edges of the wood was peeling off right out of the box . After putting it together and seeing how easy it is to tip over I may just throw it away even though it was over $ 100 . Oh and the cute little `` privacy screen '' at the bottom ? Well this desk must have been designed by a non-computer user because it makes it so you ca n't plug in any of your cables to the back of the machine ! I hate it so much I looked everywhere online to find a place I could review it to warn others to please not purchase this desk .
 This is made of cheap wood that is pealing off right out the box . I think its cheaper made than Ikea . The bottom right corner barely holds a desktop only 3/4 of it is balanced . There is no room to rest your wrist off the keyboard draw . It basically only fits the keyboard . I might move it to the top or build a longer one . Forget about using the lower back panel it has no holes for wires . Mine was a little woobly too , but after foot peg adjustments and fastening the back brace it was a little better , but I still think it feels shaky . I will keep it for now but look to for a better deal ... Too bad is really looks pretty .
 I purchased this thing in person , from another `` big box '' store . While it LOOKS good in the picture it is not sturdy AT ALL . I have a lot of experience putting furniture together being a regular IKEA shopper so I know I did n't do it wrong . The `` wood '' was flaking off in chunks before I even got it out of the box . The plastic `` trim '' around the edges of the wood was peeling off right out of the box . After putting it together and seeing how easy it is to tip over I may just throw it away even though it was over $ 100 . Oh and the cute little `` privacy screen '' at the bottom ? Well this desk must have been designed by a non-computer user because it makes it so you ca n't plug in any of your cables to the back of the machine ! I hate it so much I looked everywhere online to find a place I could review it to warn others to please not purchase this desk .
 I purchased this thing in person , from a `` big box '' store . It was slightly more money . . and while it LOOKS good in the picture it is not sturdy AT ALL . I have a lot of experience putting furniture together being a regular IKEA shopper so I know I did n't do it wrong . The `` wood '' was flaking off in chunks before I even got it out of the box . The plastic `` trim '' around the edges of the wood was peeling off right out of the box . After putting it together and seeing how easy it is to tip over I may just throw it away even though it was over $ 100 . Oh and the cute little `` privacy screen '' at the bottom ? Well this desk must have been designed by a non-computer user because it makes it so you ca n't plug in any of your cables to the back of the machine ! I hate it so much I looked everywhere online to find a place I could review it to warn others to please not purchase this desk .
 I have never received the pens I ordered from Amazon , and my credit card was charged for them . I will never use Amazon again .
 First of all , let me say that I really thought that this was a great idea . Being able to see who 's at my door before letting them in was amazing to me . Those visions of `` boogiemen '' knocking while my wife 's home alone seemed about to be erased.Alas , it was not to be . The salesman at the security store had sold me this as a door bell replacement . When I opened the box and started reading the `` instructions '' -LRB- 3rd generation photocopies stapled together -RRB- I realized that this equipment required four wires . Doorbell buttons only use two . How is this a replacement for my doorbell?Anyway , after running wires along the baseboards in my house , which looked tacky , and installing this equipment I was finally able to see and talk to someone at my door . When I first pressed the button and saw the video image I was shocked by it 's quality ; it was awful ! Imagine a mid 70 's black and white TV with no antenna , being viewed through a fishbowl . Then , when my wife tried talking to me through the unit and it sounded like a tin can on a string I assumed I 'd done something wrong . I re-read the `` instructions '' , check all the wires and then tried contacting Samsung USA . After several calls , I finally got a hold of someone who verified that I 'd connected everything properly and that `` That 's just the picture and sound quality available at level you bought into . You get what you pay for . `` I did n't realized that I 'd paid for poor video quality , tinny voice and ambivalent customer service . I 'll read the fine print more closely next time.Needless to say the equipment has been removed and returned . I 'm looking into some of Samsung 's competitors -LRB- Aiphone , M&S , Commax -RRB- and will definitely be more selective about my security purchases in the future .
 We bought one of these for ourselves and We thought it was so wonderful we purchased one exactly like it for my mother to give her for a mothers day gift.About a month after we started using ours it totally went out !! -LRB- We had already ordered the one for my mom but had not received it yet -RRB- On ours Sometimes the doorbell would ring but no picture was on the screen . Very shortly after that got the one shipped that we had ordered for my mom but that one would not work at all !!! We are very disappointed with these.We have spent approx . $ 500 . total for these two systems and they are both garbage products.We later bought a Commax system and it is working great !! We would certainly advise anyone considering a Samsung brand to not waste their money on these.They are certainly a joke !!
 These are Snap-Lock style boxes . That means that when you jerk opposite corners to open the flat box , the bottom forms from extensions of the sides/ends that unfold , overlap , and `` lock '' together . Very fast and easy to assemble -LRB- and knock down -RRB- . These are just fine for normal storage . -LRB- Pack it , stash it , only rarely need the contents . -RRB- I have LOTS of books and little space . Using banker boxes I can fit the contents of several book cases into the space of only one . The problem is that books are heavy and I am always shuffling the boxes -LRB- whatever I want is usually at the bottom -RRB- . Snap-Lock bottoms will not stand up to this kind of usage -LRB- frequent lifting of heavy weight -RRB- . In my experience , by the time I 've moved a box about a dozen times , the Snap-Lock bottom is failing.If I had known these were Snap-Lock style boxes I would not have bought them .
 We bought this phone for our daughter to have in her room . How cute we thought ... Well it is very cute to look at , but to use as a phone its terrible . The sound quality is awful . We actually get echoes when talking on it . And we are constantly hanging up on people as is our daughter as the hangup button is right where you would have your cheek on the phone . So for looks its great , for a phone not so good .
 We 've had these phones for 3 months . we needed new ones , and thought the kids would get a kick out of them . They have been a nightmare . 1/2 the time , they wo n't dial out the numbers you input . Also , if any appliances in the house are running , the phones are staticy . the worst , though , is the battery life . 30 to 40 minutes talk time or s few hours standby is all !
 I bought this phone to use in my bedroom . It was just so cute I could n't resist . But it has several major problems . First the sound quality is awful . The only place you can hear without a ton of static is in the room where the base is . Also it 's very easy to hang up on the person you are talking to because of the position the buttons are in . I 've hung up on people 2 to 3 times in one conversation . Overall I am not satisfied with this product . I do n't recomend it .
 I recently bought a pack of these , thinking $ 11.37 was quite a bargain for a dozen Zebra gel-ink pens . I 've generally had good experiences with Zebra gel pens in the past , and even with this very product in the past -- the flow is not as generous as the Pilot gel pens , so they tend to smear less . Unfortunately , I was quite disappointed to find that the click mechanism on most of the barrels was defective . I tossed them , keeping only the refills . Not recommended ; buyer beware.Edit
 I 've used and liked Zebra pens in the past and I like the ink flow and 0.5 mm option , however in 4 of the 12 pens I purchased the click mechanism is dodgey and either takes several tries to retract or the tip wo n't retract at all.I 've called Zebra but they have n't returned a call to see if this is a bad batch or if there is a better option .
 this phone has anoying beeping sound , changing chanels does n't help , answering machine is so so , does n't sound digital to me , every time you have a new message machine plays everything from the begining so if you have a old message machine will play this first then your new message.What they were thinking i do n't know , why would you want to listin your old messages.Motorola has to impprove this feature . The handset is very uncomfortble against my ear , feels like pice of wood , after 20 min conversation my ear was hurtung me , volume for both ringer and handset way to low , overrall not a good phone , thumbs down to motorola , very weak product.Don ' t buy this phone it 's a waste of your money and time .
 The answering machine part of this works fairly well , but the phone is lousy . The phone never sounded very good , and the battery did n't hold a charge long . The battery got worse over time , and after about 5 months is completely dead . Buy something else instead .
 This phone has the worst sound quality . I 've never had a phone sound this bad . The static is almost unbearable and changing the channels does n't do any good . Also , the life of the battery is poor . I thought since my cell was motorola and it 's great that this one would be too , boy was I wrong . Never ! Never ! Again ! will I buy a cordless phone made by motorola .
 This phone has the worst quality ever . Mind you , I did read these reviews before purchasing the phone , but i assumed that it really wasnt as bad as everyone was saying . Well it is terrible . This phone wont even let me go into the garage with out it hanging up on me . Mind you the base unit is in the kitchen which leads into the garage . I will be in my office -LRB- back of house and no walls separating the base to the office -RRB- and the phone hangs up on me there too , it is very snowy sounding also . I am very upset that i wasted my hard earned money on this poor product . If you want to save your money i recomment Uniden or VTech versus Motorola anyday . Good Luck in your phone shopping .
 This phone worked for a little while , now when you make a call out you hear clicks . A little annoying . If someone calls you , the clicks are n't quite so loud . I like the style of the phone , it does n't take up much space sitting on the counter . I would not purchase this phone , unless you want one that works about a month .
 Bought this phone -LRB- without answering system -RRB- . Great price but not much else . Reception poor for a 2.4 G. Caller I.D. is hit and miss . Difficult to read display . Seems well made but simply not a great product . Had a 900 MHZ Panasonic prior that was much better .
 Makes popping noise in receiver and there is no way to turn up ringer . we returned it ...
 I bought this phone on the weekend . I plugged it in and did the charging of the battery . It was ready for use Tuesday . It worked Tuesday no problems , Wednesday some of the Caller ID numbers would n't show up . Thursday while at work ... none of the calls I got were registered by caller id . I had 2 messages and it would n't erase the one and kept playing it . Thursday night , the phone would n't charge . The light kept flashing on and off . Friday morning , no lights ... no charging ... no answering maching ... the power was dead . Called Motorola ... and they said take it to the store ... they would n't help me as it was under 30 days . Needless to say ... I will be shipping it back ! Not a great phone ... not a great value !
 The phone looks great . That is the best thing I can say about it . You can barely hear the person on the other line . The reception is TERRIBLE . There is constant static , no matter how many times I change the channel . Answering machine is also very low in sound quality . Sadly , I am taking it back right now ...
 My boyfriend and I bought this phone at Target about one month ago . We liked the look , the price , the fact that it was cordless , from a great brand , and that it had an answering machine . It was easy to start using it . The battery last long but the ringing tones are way too low . It works well by the microwave although we get some static . We were shocked when we started to get messages we could not hear . The voice on the machine goes up and down so badly that it is impossible to determine who was on the phone and what they were saying . We are about to go back to Target to return it . Thank God we have the receipt !!!
 If you 've seen the movie `` Office Space '' and remember what they did to the copy machine , that is what I want to do to this phone . If I walk 10 feet away from the base , this phone gets static . I can barely hear people on the other end , even with the volume all the way up . The recordings on the voicemail are almost impossible to understand - they go in and out . The rubber grips on the side of the phone smell like tires , and leave the smell on my fingers after use . This is the worst phone I have ever used in my entire life , literally .
 Eventually buttons , especially 1 & 2 , stopped working . You had to really press it to dial it . I would recommend the product to someone who changes phones every 3 month .
 I really dislike this phone !! We bought it becasue it was a Motorola and figured that would assure us a higher quality - wrong !! It cuts out a lot of the time , the caller ID function has a lot of quirks compared to other phones I have used . The phone also sounds `` tinny '' a lot of the time . Everyone who comes over and uses it , comments on its bad sound quality . I would NOT recomend . WE are currently searching for a new one .
 This is the fourth cordless phone I 've tried since the one I had died . This was the best of the four but still is not a winner . The really only good part is the rubber grip on the side of the handset so its easy to hold on to . The voice fades while your talking to someone and its hard to find just the right spot to put your ear so you can hear well .
 I bought this phone because I wanted an all-in-one phone , caller ID , and answering machine . Initial reviews indicated it was a good choice . But my wife ca n't even understand the garbled messages people leave and the phone is n't even as good quality as an old 900 MHZ Panasonic KX-T3910H I 've had for about 10 years . Truly disappointing for a brand like Motorola .
 I bought this phone because I wanted one that had a ringer off switch . It also has one of the best rings of any phone I have owned . However , an important component of this phone is the answering machine and it is very unreliable . It will inexplicably replay deleted messages as new ones . This is a very puzzling problem and one that is serious , especially if you are a job seeker or are awaiting important news . If you do n't care about the answering machine then it is an okay phone , otherwise skip it .
 I too like other reviews purchased this phone because of the Motorola brandname . One thing I found immediately is that it had the same menu system as the G.E. phone -LRB- since I hated the G.E. too sounds like Motorola contracted out instead of building it in-house -RRB- that this replaced-a menu system not known for features . Let me start with the answering machine-the sensitivity is poor so sometimes you will get half way through leaving a message and it disconnects on you . It does n't have battery back up so if your power goes out or you unplug the unit , say bye bye to the clock settings.The handset it fine with a comfortable grip but the screen poor and the audio quality is poor-I constantly have to keep asking my wife to ` speak up ' because the microphone is poor and the audio just is n't loud enough so we find ourselves putting our ears stuck to the phone.The price is NOT worth the hassle this phone has caused us and highly suggest buying a corded phone over this unit .
 At the time of purchase -LRB- nearly a year ago -RRB- , it seemed like the prudent choice . The hand set feels balanced and well shaped and the grippable sides are a big plus . A major caveat is that there is no toll-saver feature for the answering machine . Nor fast forward or rewind . You can only skip or repeat the entire message . As for the headset , there is a volume control , but the other party hears a break in the signal as the volume is being switched . A not-so-minor thing on a business call . Also the switch to turn off the ringer is difficult to work . It seems jammed on the case or something . I 've had the phone for almost a year and just recently the head-set jack has failed -LRB- I tried a couple of different head-sets -RRB- . Over-all a less than satisfactory experience .
 first and most important !!! this ' the only phone i can find on the market today which has message retrieval via the handset . BIIIIIIIG plus as with an almost 4-month old son , i 've got to maximize every second of the day.and i do like the rubber side grips also . altho ' the smell of 'em s a bit much at first . and that 's about all that 's good.i agree with other reviews as to the comfort zone with this phone on your ear . hard to find no matter where you place it.sound quality 's a bit quirky too . room sound echos/tinny in earpiece . also experience slight static , but overall reception 's ok . -LRB- prior to this , i owned a 900 mhz vtech and NEVER had static -RRB- however , my biggest complaint 's with the caller id failure/malfunction in that numbers have :1 -RRB- not registered at all as the call came in -LRB- display listed `` Caller ID error '' -RRB- altho it shows the number after the call 's completed ; 2 -RRB- disappeared from memory ; 3 -RRB- got jumbled with sequence in memory.and i 've not owned this for even a full week ... -LRB- never had a problem with the vtech in this area either . -RRB- but i 'm still sold on the handset retrieval ... if only vtech had this function !
 This is the second one I have had . The first one did n't last 2 months . This one and it wo n't dial the numbers right . The keyboard back light is gone . And the caller id was always hard to read . But there are some nice features . I have Parkinson 's and the grips on the sides make it easy to grip . I have never had a problem with static . One problem is kind of unique ... when I am working in the basement with my iTunes on and a get a call it shuts off my iTunes ... at least I know that I have a call coming in and i do n't have to run to the computer to turn the sound down . If these pnones would n't break they are just what I like because I do n't need a lot of features .
 This is the worst phone ever ! I have * never * had a call with clear reception , and the answering machine only picks up when it feels like it . I wish I had kept my reciept , but instead of going back to Motorola , this phone is going in the garbage .
 Answering system RANDOMLY answers phone calls . Motorola wo n't fix it , horrible customer service . Now phone ringer is barely audible . I 'm ready to throw this system into the garbage !
 I bought this phone 1 year ago because it was from Motorola and looked nice . However , even though I used the phone only 1-2 hours a week and charged it appropriately -LRB- every few days when the battery ran low and did n't leave it in the cradle for days -RRB- , the battery is completely dead now.Also , the caller ID displays phone numbers randomly so there is no way to ascertain exactly when/who called you at what time or in what order ! -LRB- When someone who 's called before calls again , their number does n't show up as a new call , instead the caller ID `` remembers '' it from the first time as a repeat , and there 's no new listing for the most recent time that number called you . -RRB- Finally , if you listen to a message but do n't erase it , the next time you listen to messages , the answering machine makes you listen to ALL of the messages because you ca n't just listen to the new ones . No way to fast forward or rewind either!The reason I gave this phone 2 stars is because I still think the phone looks good , is sturdy -LRB- does n't show any wear and tear -RRB- and I have never had problems with its sound quality like some other reviewers have had , but I did notice the ring tone was soft and had a significant delay , which made me miss calls occasionally .
 Please , save yourself a lot of trouble and ignore the 4 - and 5-star reviews this phone has gotten . When I first bought it , I would have given it four stars , but now , I wish I could give it zero . There have been some things that have annoyed me about this phone since the beginning , so I 'll start with that : * There 's no ringer on the base . This may not seem like a big deal , but since it takes time for the base to locate the handset and then send the ring signal , sometimes you completely miss the first ring . * When the power goes out , you lose the time on the answering machine , and resetting it takes forever because you have to listen to the voice say , `` 12 AM , 1 AM , 2 AM , ... '' The unnecessary AM just bothers me . * IT KEEPS THE CALLER ID LOG IN RANDOM ORDER . If someone just called , and you missed the call , you 'd expect to be able to pick up the phone , hit down , and see who it was , right ? Nope . I called them about this problem when I first got the phone , and they said that it does n't re-order duplicate calls , so if the same person calls , their spot in the caller ID menu stays where it was before . In my experience , however , it honestly just seems to be random.Okay , now the things that are disfunctional after 18 months : * The rubber on the sides of the phone is stretched and about to fall off . * It skips numbers a lot , so you have to listen very carefully to what it 's actually dialing . The worst part is that it still shows that it dialed the number , e.g. if you 're dialing 867-5306 , the phone might show 866-753-3009 since you have to hit some numbers twice . * I get a lot of static and have to skip channels very often . I have a Wi-Fi router , but I 've had it for a while , and it just started being staticky lately , so I 'm not sure if that 's the problem or not . * Sometimes , instead of a dial tone , you get solid static . Sometimes , when you hit talk , it beeps and does nothing . If you try again , it may work , it may not . * I had to change the battery a few months ago , which I 'm not upset about , but even after changing it , it does n't seem to always charge . Sometimes , it can be off the charger for a few days and be fine , but others , it 's on all night , then dies after two or three phone calls . * Sometimes , it just does n't ring . We hear the machine pick up and scramble to the phone to call the person back . When coupled with the random caller ID listings , this is a major problem.I bought a 2-handset Uniden as a replacement .
 I bought this phone about a year ago as it was the right price for what I wanted . The sound has never been good -LRB- lots of static -RRB- and has got worse over the year . It is now totally broken , I can not dial out and there is no ring when calling in . Very dissapointing , I thought Motorola would be a safe bet , but I wo n't be buying this brand again .
 Disappointed ! My spouse has a broken ankle so main reason I ordered this model was for remote answer function and wall mount capability . Remote answer works fine but the package did not include wall mount . There was a paper insert that said call a toll free number for wall mount . I did two months ago still no wall mount . I would not recommend this phone .
 The predecessor to this model -LRB- MA350 -RRB- has what appears to be the same handset . We had the phone for a little over a year -LRB- just beyond warranty -RRB- and the buttons started malfunctioning -- which is maddening ! I thought Motorola would be a good quality brand , but now I must add it to the list of companies whom I do n't buy phones from
 In the almost three years of having owned this phone it 's only been solid 2 months . The answering machine function is reliable - hence the two stars . Motorola did send a -LRB- free -RRB- replacement battery which lasted as long as the first
 As always I have bought this phone since It was under very nice deal . I was lucky that I bought it from the store atleast I could return it and got my money back without paying shipping charges.The phone really stinks . We always heard complains from both way , My parents could not hear the voice of the other person , and the others replied the same . They often end up calling on cell phone.One other weired thing was you will hear the `` whistling '' sound from the headset . If you know how a Mic provides a sund during testing , the similar sound it provided . It was so annoying that you can not even speak few words.It did not take a long time for me to realize that the phone was not even worth paying that much amount.One more thing the phone lacked was a speakerphone.Also the functionality of the phone was very poor . Some times I wanted to dial any number I would see channel 6 , sometimes I would see channel 30 , every time diffrent numbers . I spent quite a while figuring out the logic behind it , but I could n't . The over all sound quality is very poor , the functionality is very poor and the look is also not at all attractive .
 We bought this phone less than a year ago . The phone itself is ok , it picks up some interference from our wireless network but it 's ok for a 2.4 GHz . The answering machine did n't have the clearest sound quality when we bought it but the messages left were understandable so we kept the system . Now , less than a year later the sound quality when playing back messages has degraded to the point that you can not understand the messages at all . I thought it might be the speaker phone but ruled that out since the sound quality is perfect when checking the date and time . It 's a digital recorder so I 'm not sure what would be causing the poor quality on playback but guess that it must have something to do with the recording device . Final analysis , you can get better quality for your money .
 I now own the phone for about 1 years and have been disappointed with it . After owning the first one for about 1 month , I noticed that when I dialed a phone number , sometimes I had to push the same number twice because it did n't go through the first time . The same thing happened when I redial or dialed the number using the memory dial ; I could actually hear a number being skipped . Then I had to hang up and dial it again . Sometimes I had to try 2 or 3 times before it could dial the entire phone number successfully . After noticing this problem , I took the phone back and exchanged for another one . The second one worked fine for a few months and then the same problem started happening on the second one as well.Second problem , the phone call would get disconnected for no reason when I was on the phone . At first I thought there is a problem on the phone line so I called the phone company to come check it out . But there were n't any problems on the phone line . Also when I talk on my other phone -LRB- AT&T ; phone that I owned for more than 15 years -RRB- , I never have this problem.Third problem , when the phone dials a number , the dialing is way too loud . Because of the first problem , I often have to really listen to the dialing to make sure all the numbers went through . But I have to keep the phone away from my ear because it 's just too loud.Fourth problem , something is definitely wrong with the electrical part of the phone when it charges the battery . Whenever I 'm not using the phone , I always put the phone back to the base to recharge the battery . But sometimes I can only talk for 5 minutes before the low battery warning comes on . After changing the battery , the same problem will start again after just a few months with the new battery . Again , I never have this problem with my AT&T ; phone . I think I 've only changed the battery three times within 15 years.Well , I 've been having pretty bad experience with this phone and I 'm fed up with it . I 'm buying another AT&T ; phone to replace this one .
 I brought this phone because I had someone who gave it the highest praise . After using this phone I am not sure if this person was just crazy or maybe they just do n't know any better . There are only 2 ringer settings on the phone and that is low & amp ; lower ! Sometimes the phone just cuts off mid-conversation and I dare not go out in front of my house . I can not walk around without the phone giving me serious static and to change the channel is USELESS . The best feature on the phone is the answering machine . Do n't be fooled this phone is NOT WORTH IT !
 Being given the ability to access the answering machine from the handset makes this design a nice idea , and the sound quality from the handset is n't bad , but that is the extent of my praise.I do not care for the answering machine as it has very limited features ; no fast forward , rewind , etc. . The quality of sound is very poor , and most of my messages are not clear enough to be understood.The worst problem I 've had is the phone 's battery `` dies '' all too often ! I 've had the phone in the base for 48 hours , and after a 5 minute phone call it will give a low battery warning , and soon die out.I 've not been satisfied with this phone , and after two months of use am looking for a replacement . Save your money and look for something else !
 this phone looks cool , I 'll give it that . I also like the rubber siding which gives it a great feel in your hand.BUT the sound is not good . It is kinda soft when listening to the other person , and it really amplifies your own voice -LRB- and ambient noise -RRB- and pipes it to your ear which is annoying . And this phone , like some others , for some crazy reason , gives out a loud beep -LRB- heard by you and the other person -RRB- whenever you switch the volume during a call . WHY ????? Then the other person says ` what the hell was that ? ' and you have to explain . But that is a small detail , basically the sound is bad and therefore I am returning it without even trying the answering machine .
 I like the phone for everything it offers . Ease of use , great reception , etc. . However , there is a problem that I ca n't stand . The quality of the answering machine is horrible . To record an outgoing message , I have to speak loudly right into the base otherwise it is very difficult to hear the message . And the incoming messages are very difficult to understand . I 've had many hard times trying to decipher the phone numbers left by callers . And in order to review the message , it has to be replayed in its entirety ; so I spend a lot of time having to replay the messages over and over again in order to understand what 's being said .
 The problems : You can not retrieve messages away from home -- although the specs read you can.After one year the battery is dying . I do n't overuse my phone nor do I leave it off the cradle for long periods.For this price I expect to receive what the advertisment touts .
 What a piece of junk . After two months the # buttons do n't work . How hard is it to make a phone that dials out ?
 I am on my second phone , the first was returned to Motorola . Both phones exhibit the same problem , extremely poor reception -LRB- severe static begins only 20 feet from the base unit -RRB- . Also , I can not consistently retrieve messages from a remote phone , even though the unit is designed to permit remote message listening . Motorola would not provide a refund after the second phone performed the same as the first phone . I did not want to waste any more money on shipping the phone to Motorola so I pitched the second replacement model in the trash ! I strongly recommend avoiding this phone .
 This phone does not even deserve one star . The answering machine will sometimes play one of my messages that a friend or family member left as my `` hello I am not here '' message ! Sometimes I do n't get any messages at all ... it will skip them all together and play them later . Also , the battery died after one year . It is just bad . Do n't buy it .
 I am reviewing this phone because I hav owned it for the past 3-4 years . I needed a cordless phone in a computer room on one end of our 4000 sq. ft CBS -LRB- concrete , block and steel -RRB- home . Needless to say I needed one with a decent range . I had already been to the stores and had purchased a GE , VTech , AT&T ; , and Uniden , all in about the same price range , and they were crap in the reception department.When I first started using this I liked it because at least I had a phone to use -LRB- and my home has plaster walls , which , without going into a lot of detail , kills range area for cordless phones -RRB- . This one at least allowed us to roam around that half of the house with decent reception , so we kept it . -LRB- plus I was sick of going to the stores exchanging phones -RRB- It just has n't lasted though . We hardly ever use it , so it just sat there for all these years , but now when I DO need to use a phone in this part of the house , it barely works . The rubber on the sides has buckled and is starting to separate from the handset . The buttons wo n't dial out unless you press super hard , which my 12 year old has mastered , but I hav not . The caller ID does n't duplicate numbers , so if you do n't know the number by heart you hav to scroll through the long list to find it . The answering machine does hav a ` tinny ' sound , but all of this was secondary to being able to use it -LRB- dial out -RRB- . If I had to rely on this phone as a regular source it would hav been maddening and this unit would hav been gone long ago . The caller ID info does n't show up anymore on a regular basis , plus if I go to answer the phone when it rings with this , more than half the time I ca n't . It just wo n't pick up.The phone still sounds very clear when you do get to talk on it , but if I need to go to the master bedroom -LRB- other end of the house -RRB- I get interrupted reception long before I get there , but this I know about my home , so that 's not really an issue for me . I just wish it had lasted as it 's more like a ` spare ' , but it has n't . Bought for the 2.4 GHz so it does n't interrupt hubby 's ga-zillion gaming/computer/wireless / tech toys nearby , -LRB- and it has n't interfered at all -RRB- but I just wish I could talk on it , oh , yea , and dial out . The battery is constantly on ` low ' even though it remains in the base 24/7 , so something is up.I am currently looking for a replacement , so happened upon this and thought I would add . I am giving 2 stars only because it did last in a normal , functioning capacity for about a year . I am dis-heartened to find so many negative reviews of different brands of cordless phones . . I had an old AT&T ; -LRB- all AT&T ; is made by vTech now , so do n't bother ... vTech made great toys for toddlers , but that 's about it -RRB- but the old AT&T ; huge base and handset phone with the retractable rubber antenna lasted me FOREVER -LRB- and finally died when we dropped it in the pool -RRB- and was the ONLY phone to get reception throughout our entire house . I wish they would just make phones like that again . I hav looked for a used one like it even on eBay , etc , but ca n't find one , it 's so old . I am getting ready to purchase a Panasonic , wish me luck.If you hav a regular sized area , or small apartment -LRB- 1500 sq. ft or less -RRB- I bet this would work great , but the question is , for how long ? Do n't look for it to operate fully without problems for over 18 months , max . 2 stars .
 This phone was difficult to read keypad plus I.D. but the worst feature was how it hurt my ear . I returned it in a day .
 Uncomfortable to hold , especially to tuck under my ear so I can use both hands while on the phone . -LRB- Why are all cordless phones so uncomfortable ??? This one is more uncomfortable than my other two cordless phones , though . -RRB- The buttons often just do n't work , so in roughly half the calls I make , if I dial a 10 - or 7-digit phone number , one of the digits just wo n't go through , so I 'll have to hang up and try the call again . This also happens with both redial and numbers programmed into memory , so I know it 's not because of the way I hit the buttons . One of the digits will just not be sent.The answering machine 's sound quality is dismal . The volume of the automated voice that tells you you have one message is very loud , but the volume of the actual message is very soft . So if you turn up the volume to hear the message , the automated message blows out your eardrums . And the quality is so poor that unless the person leaving the message has stellar enunciation , you ca n't understand what they 're saying , especially not to get a phone number correct.There is no memory in the phone in the event of a power failure , so the clock needs to be reset each time.The caller ID does n't work a good 20 % of the time . No number or anything appears in the screen , but my other two phones with caller ID do get the number/name , so I know it 's not that the information is not available . Also , if the phone does pick up the caller ID , and I scroll to that number and hit Dial , so that it will call the number back , if it 's a long distance number the call fails for lack of a 1 at the beginning . Again , my other phones will add the 1 automatically , so I do n't have to write the number down and dial it manually.This phone sucks .
 Two months after purchasing this phone Caller ID began to fail . Sometimes the number would show but now for every call I get it displays `` NO DATA . '' It 's a piece of you know what ... I have other phones that I put on the same line only switching this phone out and everything is good.Good luck to any who buy this.Disappointed with Motorola
 What a waste of money . The answering machine quality is horrible . Most messages are garbled and can not be understood , even with the volume maxed out . The battery died a few months after purchase . Even the sound quality of the handpiece is poor . There is a short in the power source line - if the phone 's bumped , it shuts off . I believe the phone is a waste of money . The handpiece is heavy and bulky . I will stick w / Panasonic .
 First of all , I could n't even hear mine ringing . I set it up , called it from my cell , and could barely hear either the ring on the base unit or the handset.My hearing is just fine , but the ring on this model is pathetically quiet . If you are n't physically in the same room with the phone , good luck hearing the little electronic bleeps that signal an incoming call.Also , no matter what channel I set it on , mine had some static or & quot ; white noise & quot ; coming through the handset during a conversation . Not crystal clear , like you would expect from a 2.4 gig phone.Finally , the handset is n't very big , and feels awkward in your hand . I got mine as a gift , and after a few days , exchanged it.There are other phones in the price range , this one is n't a winner . Hope this helps .
 Lured by the price . Looks good . Sounds terrible . In fact , since I moved into a new house the phone is all but unusable . reception is horrific . Ca n't really change channels . Intereferes with wireless network . I am here looking for a new phone as i write this review ! My el cheapo VTech is now my refered phone . Wish i dould find the receipt to return this POS .
 This phone is a poor excuse for a communications device . Bad ergonomics , confusing controls , miserable sound both ways.I have owned mine for maybe a month . Am now looking for a replacement.BAD CHOICE .
 Let me first say , I love the look and idea behind this phone ... I am a big Disney addict , BUT whoever designed this phone should be fired ! I have 2 kids and I work out of my home and need to use the phone a lot . I can not even count how many times I have hung up on poor unsuspecting souls on the other end . If you even press the phone into your ear too hard while holding on to it , it will hang up ! And , the caller id feature is horrible also . It constantly misses calls . I do not use this phone anymore ! -LRB- but I keep it plugged in because I like the Mickey Music when I get calls -RRB-
 This phone is cute and I loved the ringer sounds and the thought behind the design , but the people who designed this obviously never really tested it . You can not do ANYTHING while you are on this phone ... you hang up on people constantly . I am a very busy mother of 3 and it is soooo embrassing to have to call people back and apologize for hanging up on them . I do not have a time where my hands can just sit and hold a phone to my ear . I am constantly resting the phone between my shoulder and ear , this phone is not made properly to allow you to do that . I highly recommend against purchasing this phone !!!!!
 Whoever designed this phone obviously never talked on one . The hang up button is squarely in the middle of the receiver . If you rest the phone on your shoulder to write something down or do ANYTHING , the phone hangs up . And forget about having the kids talk on it ! As soon as they put it to their ear , it hangs up ! The joy you might get from hearing the pager is immediately erased by the fact that the phone is truly unusable unless you very carefully hold it and do NOTHING else when you talk on the phone .
 My family has owned two of these phones now . The first one simply stopped working - the handset would turn on , but was unable to make a signal connection with the base.The second one worked for much longer -LRB- nearly a year -RRB- before the Talk button on the handset started to require obscene amounts of pressure to turn the phone on . And then we discovered just recently that the power supply was running at excessive temperatures . Rather than risk a fire hazard , we 've simply stopped using the phone.This phone works as a gimmick , but do n't expect your money to go very far .
 No matter how cute & stylish this phone is , it just does n't make up for the fact that I hang up on the person I 'm talking to EVERY SINGLE TIME I attempt to hold the phone on my shoulder . I go out of my way to walk to another room to answer a different phone so I do n't have to deal with this constant problem . So I might as well not even have it ...
 A piece of junk waste of money cute but useless . Problems started within a week of purchase .
 I own the Motorola Disney Telephone . Liked its looks and thought Motorola would be a good make.What a disappointment . The Telephone has cute ring sounds etc. but does n't function well.I can only dial calls if I put the Telephone number in first then turn on the phone . I I turn on the phone and proceed to dial anything the phone does n't work . I tried to turn the dial feature from Tone to Pulse and that did n't help either.I have also owned Motorola Cell Phones and the Quality with them also stink . I guess Motorola just produces alot of junk ... I would n't recommend anything made by this manufacturer
 delay ringerlow volumecaller ID always shows miss call even it was already answeredphone get disconnect when leaning on shoulder / earhave to recharge the phone after each callend up my baby loves playing w it.bad product . whoever designs this phone should be fired .
 I think this translator sucks , you can not enter a sentence to be translated . . only single words work best and then it gives you a few options of translations for that certain word . For 100 dollars i would have expected more , along with the word availability is very limited , which means many words are not in it.i bought this so when i travel to China , it was little help
 I bought this translator to help me out when I go to Japan and also when I study it . Yet , I was shocked to see that this translator is absolutely not worth its money . I was taking it to my Japanese tutor and when we had to look up a sentence -LRB- which we actually found WOW -RRB- it spelled tomodachi WRONG - . - so I am annoyed by a translator I pay $ 100 for and get taught wrong - . - it also has very little Vocabulary a lot of words I will need when I go to Japan are not even on here - . - how ridiculous is this If I could I would give it back in a heart-beat get my money back and buy one that is worth its money I am so annoyed by this . Really do n't waste any time or money on this product it is not worth it ...
 I bought two electronic dictionaries from Franklin TGA-470 . My daughters are studying in Germany , and I thought it will be very useful for their learning . They were really looking forward to receive them . But one since the begining did not work !!!
 I found one of these pens and loved it . I used it for months before it gave out ; my husband found them for me on Amazon and I ordered a dozen expecting them to be the same - dissappointed . The point does not come out as far as it should , they are not as smooth a write as the first one I had . Waste of money .
 I ordered this 1.1 lb box full of sleeves for our office and literally one sleeve came in the mail . One single $ 34.50 sleeve . We had a pretty good laugh about it but , uh , we need like 50 sleeves . Now .
 I have had two of these label printers and both times , they have stopped functioning after a few months . When I contacted Seiko to replace the first one , they refused and said they bore no responsibility for a faulty product . TGhey told me to contact Amazon who after some arm twisting , agreed to replace it . The second one is now also not working , but instead of me wasting valuable hours trying to fight to get a replacement , I 'm going to dump it in the trash where it belongs and buy a Dynmo one which my colleague has which works perfectly . Seiko Instruments SUCKS .
 I threw it away after one week . It just does not throw off enough heat . May work in Florida . Cost too much to send it back because of the return fees . Suggest you do n't waste your money .
 Boorum & Pease account and record books are excellent having an old-time cloth covering and tight -LRB- firm -RRB- binding . But their choice of paper is quite another matter . It is extremely thin and the ink from your pen bleeds through to the next page rendering it completely useless . This means that while one believes they have 500 pages at their disposal , they have in fact only 250 due to this problem of ink bleeding . Unfortunately , you do not know any of this until you actually attempt using a pen on the page 's poor quality paper . But once the ink has bleed through to the next page , it 's considered `` used merchandise '' and the vender is n't about to refund your money or allow you to return it . So , `` caveat emptor '' does n't exist here because you can not test the paper of this product prior to purchasing it . You can only rely upon the accuracy of the vender 's description , which in this case , is in error . So . Beware . You have been warned .
 This keyboard tray is not at all as advertised.It DOES NOT glide smoothly under the desk , you haveto fight it to put it out of the way.The kyeboard platform itself is not very stable , it bounces and wobbles while you are typing.The height adjustment has a long , protruding rodtaht is very easy to jam into you leg when you slidecloser to the desk.When you adjust tray for even slight tilt away fromyou , there is nothing to stop the mouse from slidingoff the mouse pad.I have used number of keyboard trays during the courseof years , and this by far is the worst one I have used.I would recommend staying away from this product .
 I bought this thing to hold my note cards and I hate this thing . BAD QUALITY , BAD DESIGN , HIGH PRICE .
 works great if -LRB- a -RRB- you do n't mind having to look down every time you want to click because the buttons are so small you ca n't keep your finger on them and -LRB- b -RRB- you do n't mind your audience hearing an annoyingly loud click every time you advance the slide .
 Save your money!I got one of these devices -LRB- not a Honeywell branded , but the original manufacturer 's brand , which I 've forgotten -RRB- when I bought a new Dell laptop . The device worked great for the first 3 uses -LRB- not abuses ! -RRB- , which took place over a period of about 6 weeks . When I went to use it the fourth time , the control functions did n't work -LRB- though the laser pointer still did -RRB- . I replaced the battery to see if that was the problem , but the unit still did n't work.When I called Dell and complained , they informed me that the device was covered under the manufacturer 's warranty -LRB- not Dell 's -RRB- . The warranty on the thing turned out to be only 30 days . So now I have a $ 60 laser pointer . What a bargain , eh ? I 'm going to buy another remote device , but certainly NOT one of these again .
 This binder did not survive a single week of regular use . I do place above-average load on my binders , but I certainly expect them to last more than a week . The bottom locking ring no longer aligns and the close switch will not stay in the locked position.I would not recommend this binder for anything but the lightest of archival duties . Under no circumstances should it be utilized in an environment where it will encounter physical stress.I purchased the 6 '' variant of this binder .
 This binder did not survive a single week of regular use . I do place above-average load on my binders , but I certainly expect them to last more than a week . The bottom locking ring no longer aligns and the close switch will not stay in the locked position.I would not recommend this binder for anything but the lightest of archival duties . Under no circumstances should it be utilized in an environment where it will encounter physical stress.I purchased the 6 '' variant of this binder .
 This binder did not survive a single week of regular use . I do place above-average load on my binders , but I certainly expect them to last more than a week . The bottom locking ring no longer aligns and the close switch will not stay in the locked position.I would not recommend this binder for anything but the lightest of archival duties . Under no circumstances should it be utilized in an environment where it will encounter physical stress.I purchased the 6 '' variant of this binder .
 Avoid this sharpener , it is JUNK !! The first one stopped working , like a gear stripped out . I replaced it thinking it was my fault somehow . Then the second did the same thing in just a few days . I got it replaced with a third , which did the same thing right out of the box after sharpening just a few pencils.Spend your money on another sharpener .
 Extremely slow . Push a little and it bogs down . You would think it 's running on weak batteries , even though it 's plugged in !
 I have never reviewed a product before , but after this box ate several regular pencils -LRB- and took its own sweet time doing so -RRB- , I decided to see what others thought . I can not agree more with the other 1 star reviewers - this product is really junk .
 Read and heed the NEGATIVE reviews . This device will constantly break the lead making the point worthless . Too bad I did n't look here before buying .
 Bought this for home use and it ca n't even handle use for two elementary kids . Eats pencils . Then it just stopped working . Definitely a dud .
 Giving this pencil sharpener a one-out-of-five-star rating is very generous . It is the worst pencil sharpener I have ever used ! If you have 10-15 MINUTES to waste , you can partially sharpen a new pencil with this pencil sharpener . It takes at least that long . On previously sharpened pencils , I can never get a good point with it . I regret buying it and should have returned it to the store from which I bought it -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- . I want to replace it with a pencil sharpener that works from amazon.com .
 This pencil sharpener is terrible . I bought one from Wal Mart and took it right back . It has so little power it will barely sharpen a pencil . This pencil sharpener is not fit for a child 's play room , much less a home office .
 This is a horrible product . It sharpens unevenly and does n't last . I bought it for my classroom and it did n't last a week . It does n't produce a sharp point and only works when there are no shavings in the container . It fills up quickly and is not meant for more than a pencil a day . Huge waste of money . Find a different brand and save your money .
 Like M. Thatcher , I bought this at Walmart ... last night . What junk ! Does not work , not even the first time ! I had problems with another model of the X-Acto pencil sharpener , but thought a more expensive , heavier duty model might help . Not . I 'm staying away from X-Acto pencil sharpeners from now on . This one was silver , if that makes any diff .
 This sharpener is a piece of junk . I 've had Boston sharpeners for years . I bought this one as a back up . Its motor is weak and it is cheaply made . I assume all of the Xacto sharpeners have the same motor and if this is the case , stay far , far away .
 I bought a sharpener from Xacto that looks exactly like this one ... bought from a WalMart ! It was not black and honestly , I could not find the model number anywhere on the carton , but it sure looks the same.In any event , the Xacto model did indicate that it was a ` heavy duty ' model - model ratings ranged from light duty , moderate duty , heavy duty -LRB- mine -RRB- and continuous duty.Harkening back to when I was young -LRB- ~ 30 years ago now -RRB- , I recall my Dad 's electric sharpener being able to hog an entire # 2 down to a mere nub in about 30 seconds !! I should have this box of assorted pencil that my kids collected all sharp in about 5 minutes , right?WRONG!For a ` heavy ' use sharpener this thing was the worst ! The motor barely turns the cutter , the pencils sharpened very unevenly , took significant time to sharpen , bogged down and would stop occasionally and the ` easy to open ' shavings container was a flimsy piece of plastic with little plastic tabs that will most certainly break after a few empties.Not good!Hence , I am out on Amazon looking for a good old fashioned hand crank Boston sharpener ... quicker , less to go wrong and the power is as much torque as you can apply to that little handle.Just do n't make 'em like they used to ... stick with the manual .
 One of those little single blade dealies that you throw in a pencil bag would be just as effective as this thing ! As with the other reviewers , noticed slow motor in just the first few uses . Thought maybe the shaving case was full . First time we removed the front shaving case , pencil shavings spewed all over the room because the receptacle is too small and awkward to remove . Within 5 uses , the pencils were not sharpening evenly . Upon inspection , bad design is to blame . The metal sharpening gear grinds up against plastic and erodes the gears quickly.When I was a kid , my grandparents had a metal sharpener attached to the door frame . You dialed up the size of pencil you wanted to sharpen , stuck the pencil in and cranked away until you had a nice sharp point . How I long for the good old days when sharpening a pencil was easy and darn good fun for a kid ! Save your money , do a little research and keep a manual sharpener handy .
 The thing I do n't like about this is the design . When you open the part to take out the pencil shavings it does n't come out easily . It sticks . It never went smoothly out of there -LRB- I tried it about 6 times -RRB- . So I could just imagine trying to keep the pencil shavings in there until with it sticking and all of the shavings getting everywhere . 90 % of the pencil shavings would n't have made it to the trash because of the poorly designed front part -LRB- which is where the shavings are supposed to come out -RRB- . I returned it . I did n't bother testing the blades sharpness . Maybe the blades sharpness will make up for the fact that 90 % of the pencil shavings would fall out .
 This poor excuse for a sharpener does n't center pencils well at all , so wood frequently intrudes upon the point . The motor is exceptionally noisy and quite weak -- it stalls easily . The single cutter is small and the waste recepticle requires frequent emptying or else it spills shavings . I 'll never buy another X-acto sharpener .
 Junk . Does n't work . I 'm mad I spent so much money on such a piece of crap . Does harm to the X-Acto brand .
 Lousy sharpener , I thought it would die on the first pencil , I had to keep pulling the pencil back a bit and letting the motor spin up -LRB- rest ?? -RRB- to then sharpen the pencil . They must use balsa wood on their pencils in China . This one is going back .
 If this product is an example of how electric pencil sharpeners are made these days , I 'm going back to a manual unit mounted to the wall . The motor is very weak and once it is done -LRB- finally -RRB- sharpening a pencil , it is not done well . Sometimes the point is sharp , but it is very uneven . It leaves wood exposed on one side , right to the very tip . You can bet there wo n't be any X-Acto pencil sharpeners on my future shopping lists .
 Worked great for about 6 months - then it stopped sharpening ... I took it apart and realized the plastic pieces had worn themselves out . Cheaply made .
 I must agree with the discenting opinions . I found this machine to be terribly anemic . It 's looks good in an office . However , a nice coffee cup looks good in an office . This machine struggled to sharpen # 2 pencils ! When complete , the sharpening was off quite a bit . Another reviewer is correct , electric sharpeners of yesterday could consume a pencil in short-order . This one is embarrassing . I suggest using this one at the department of vehicle licenses . It would be quite at home there , slow and inefficient . Pass on this thing .
 Watch out . The picture does not match the product . If you buy a 09260 you will be shipped a landscape oriented binder . The picture actually matches 09261
 I had an older credit card file , but it started to fall apart so I needed to get a new one . I had bought the old file at Lillian Vernon and had it for years.While looking on Amazon , I found this and decided to buy as the review was good and it was inexpensive and suited my needs.When I got it , the plastic inserts inside were torn and it was very cheap and inflexible . I called Amazon and they promised to send me a replacment , but I will say I am not pleased with this item.I guess it is true that you get what you pay for . Spend a little more and get an item of better quality !
 This phone adequate for hearing impaired such as myself , however , for ease of use and programing of regularly called numbers it could use some work . I was replacing a caller ID phone with this one only because i could n't hear the callers . It was a much easier phone to use .
 This phone is more than loud enough , that 's for sure . It also has all the features you would expect , except for one whose absence renders the phone almost useless . I 'm referring to a simple mute button . Let 's say you 're talking and you have to cough or clear your throat . No mute button , so you put your hand over the mouthpiece to muffle the sound . Well , if the boost is on -LRB- which is why you bought the phone in the first place -RRB- , covering the mouthpiece results in immediate , ear-piercing feedback , which both you and the other party can hear . How could a phone that has all the bells and whistles be missing a mute button ? How much would it have added to the price of the phone , $ 1 ?? So now I 'm having to order a headset simply because it has a mute button . But guess what ? The phone has a 2.5 mm headset jack , which is typical for a cellular phone , but not a regular phone . So your choices for headsets are severely limited . The manual recommends the Plantronics M110 , but that 's a monaural headset , not binaural , which I prefer . It 's also been discontinued . I just ordered a headset from amazon , but the ad strangely does n't specify a brand or model number . It does say it 's been discontinued , so it might be the M110 . Either way , it 's ridiculous to have to do all this just to have a mute button . I wish I would have returned the phone and gotten a regular phone with a mute button and a good binaural headset , which would have allowed me to hear just as well as the boost feature .
 Under no circumstances should you buy from ANTonline !! My Clarity C2210 was shipped to me defective . They -LRB- ANT -RRB- offer no exchanges . I had to pay the return shipping -LRB- $ 9.70 -RRB- and when they received it I got charged a `` restocking '' fee -LRB- for a defective product -RRB- to the tune of $ 27 !!! My original charge for the phone was $ 91.24 . Doing the simple math . It cost me $ 36.70 plus my time and gas to ship it back and I got NOTHING , Do not buy from ANTOnline . Their customer service has an attitude also . One note . Amazon did help me in this matter and I would buy directly from Amazon anytime .
 This is the worst phone . First off it did n't ring . Second the phones light blink 24/7 . The sound quality is n't the greatest and the boost does n't do much . I would n't waste the money .
 We bought this corded phone -LRB- model
 The GE phone 29897GE2 I purchased lasted 3 weeks . During a wind storm my power went out for 15 seconds and when it came back on all the functions of the phone like caller ID , speaker and answering machine were no longer working even though the power light was lit.The phone could be used to make calls but the ringer was even broken for incoming calls . Nothing else in the house was permanently disabled including two other phones .
 This phone screeches an annoying pitch as the caller is attempting to leave a message . Unplugging and plugging it in again clears this up but not for long . Plus the recording quality is poor .
 Thank God for Amazon.com reviews ! I own the white version of this phone and received a `` MEMORY FULL '' error message . The phone would not record new messages even though it only held only a dozen messages previously . I bought this phone about 2 years ago . I followed the instructions of some of the one-star reviews and unplugged the phone for a few minutes . After plugging the phone back , the answering machine started working again . After this phone dies , I wo n't buy another GE corded phone !
 My mother-in-law owns one of these phones . As she said , `` fix my phone . The phone went out and now its just a machine . I want you to fix it . `` The same problem that everyone else has been having on this list -- with the answering machine going dead and the voice saying `` memory is full -- we 've got that problem , too.The way to fix it is to unplug the phone for a few minutes . Then the phone 's original message will be restored.Do that and your mother-in-law will really like you .
 This phone worked great for a few months . Now the answering machine works only when it feels like it . I have called and left messages for my husband . Then , I get home and he never received them because the answering machine says `` no new messages . '' This has happened to other people who have called as well . The troubleshooting guide is of no help . When I call the number listed in my warranty for assistance , I ca n't speak with a person . The automated suggestion is that I should pay to send this back to the company and they will send me a new or refurbished phone in return . I 'm going to try this route next ; although , I think this phone should have lasted more than a few months .
 I bought the GE speakerphone -LRB- 29897GE1-A -RRB- for a corded speakerphone and answering machine combination . The speakerphone is fair , as the volume could be louder -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- . The answering machine part is worthless -LRB- 0 stars -RRB- . At random times the greeting reverts to a generic greeting , then tells the caller that the memory is full , even if the message counter shows no messages . Deleting messages -LRB- if any -RRB- does nothing . You can not record a greeting , as it will respond with `` Memory Full '' . You have to completely unplug it and let it sit , then reprogram everything . The only way you will know it has quit working , is when your callers tell you the machine quit working . I even have this phone on my computers battery backup UPS , so I know it does n't even see power outages . Worst phone I have ever owned . If someone offers you a GE speakerphone for free , do n't accept it .
 I had the exact same problem as the other reviewer with 2 of these phones : `` After plugging in the unit , completing the setup and recording a greeting , I called in from my cell phone . The unit answered after 4 rings but then failed to play the greeting or record a message . In addition , the clock got erased and went back to flashing 12:00 AM . `` When I exchanged the first one for a second one and it had the same error . I can only assume that they had a bad batch and no quality control . I 've missed a number of calls and made multiple trips to Office Depot as a result .
 Our old phone/answering machine stopped working , so I went out to purchase a new one . This one seemed to be a great deal . I brought it home and the answering machine did not work at all . Like other reviewers , I thought perhaps I had picked up a bad one . I went back and purchased another one . Now here I sit , staring at the second malfunctioning one , wondering why I did n't check out the reviews first . Do n't even think about buying this phone .
 I was looking for a nice corded phone for my office with a answering machine and caller ID . I purchased this phone and it worked for only three days . The answering machine decided to stop working after three days and it took me a few angry clinets and some loss of business to figure it out two days later . Thinking I must have picked the bad apple , I went and bought another one -LRB- shame on me -RRB- , right out of the box I set it up and tested the answering machine , nothing , it just hangs up on you . Not good for business . I think GE needs to have a re-call on these phones . all I can say is DON `` T BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 My brother bought one of these phones in April 2006 and was happy with it until its memory filled . Erasing all messages does not enable it to record new messages . When it answers it gives a greeting and invites the caller to leave a message , then declares `` Memory Full '' and will not accept the message . The only help found thus far is an instruction to disconnect the phone line and power connection for at least 5 minutes , then reconnect and reprogram it , and try it again . Did that 5 or 6 times without correcting the problem . Deleted all messages . Still can not take any new messages . One other complaint is that it does not include a battery backup . After some short power interruption it filled its remaining memory with about 30 messages saying `` The clock is not set ! '' . Do n't expect non-gadget savvy people to program the thing . I wasted 21/2 hours of vacation on it in August . I 'm quite comfortable programming gadgets , at least ones which function properly .
 I was looking for a corded speakerphone with answering system and the GE model 29897GE2 seemed to fit the bill . This is the same model as the 29897GE1 except for the color -LRB- black instead of white -RRB- . I tried both of them with the same result
 I bought this phone , model number 29897GE2-A , you do n't want to . 1 -RRB- The phone just goes into a mode where the phone says the message box is full , but there are no messages in it . My friends keep having to tell me they could not leave a message because of this . 2 -RRB- the phone does not have a internal battery for power drops , so every thime the power goes out all the programming is lost . 3 -RRB- I have and the phone does not get the time from the phone line , It just blinks 12:00 . This items gets 1 star because there is n't a zero star option .
 It decides at random whether or not to answer an incoming call . Since I bought the box primarily to replace an ancient tape answering machine , it was a total waste of money . I 'm in total agreement with the other posts here .
 Bought this for lumbar and neck support due to disease . Lumbar is merely passing . And there is NOT ANY neck support . There is a gap between me and the back support that would need to be filled to provide support . The lumbar is attached by velcro . This product needs an additional piece to velcro for neck support to fill that gap . Buy a lumbar pillow and neck pillow -- cheaper on you . I still have to add three pillows to make this work because the design is lacking . Probably returning after being delivered just today . None of the previous reviews stated the lack of neck support requiring to add pillows or something to adjust for the poor design . I think it would be okay if you already have a really good chair that fits you like a glove . And then , what 's the point of having to buy this ?
 I purchased this Obus Forme High-back Backrest and found it wanting . It helped some - but the basic design is flawed because of its concaved nature . I returned it and purchased the new Obus * Ultra * Forme Backrest and love it . It is more expensive , but the design is radically different than anything that I have seen and it works much better than this model . By the way , Amazon makes return rather easy if a product does n't work out .
 DRAWS DO NOT CLOSE TERRIBLE QUALITY DO NOT BUY . I AM USING THIS IN MY OFFICE BUT DRAWS DO N'T CLOSE I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS .
 Pretty flimsy metal ; easy to assemble ; well packaged ; fits nicely under desk ; in the initial information dimensions were not givenbut it worked out well since I wanted one to go under my desk .
 This metal file cabinet looks great , but the bottom drawer does not work properly . You have to re-aligned every time you open it in order to close . Not a good construction . If I was aware of this , I would n't have bought it .
 I purchased this because I only needed one large drawer for filing in my home office and thought this would be perfect . Plus the two top drawers would help with my office organization . The cabinet was put together easily , the wheels just needed to be attached but I could n't get the screws to go in all the way so the wheels are n't sturdy and I ended up just removing them.After I had my files put in the drawer , the drawers would n't close all the way . I removed the files , the drawers shut fine . Files back in , they would n't close . I found that if I lifted the drawer and then pushed down while I was closing it , it shut ! Although this should n't be that difficult ! Now the drawers open at random times ... lovely.Also the lock feature is great , except it does n't lock properly -LRB- or unlock properly -RRB- . Not sure how it unlocked the top and bottom drawer but not the middle drawer.In conclusion , pass on this cabinet . It 's NOT worth the $ 100 + that they charge .
 The black pen cracked when screwing in the battery . Cheapest junk I ever saw . The pad moves around on the tablet , making accuracy impossible . Back it went !
 I bought this product 6 months ago . Unfortunately , I lost 1 pen . Lately , I had a problem with the note pad . Everything seems to work but all my notes does n't appear on the electronic files . I wanted to change the cell in the electromagnetic pen , but there is no identification on the cell so even if I wanted to change the cell , I could n't . So , I decided to purchase a replacement pen . After 2h of search on the WEB , I found nowhere to purchase it . So I end up with an electronic pad that is not working
 I love this idea . I hesitated to pay for a $ 100 notebook at first , but with Amazon return policy , I decided to give it a try . It worked well for the 1st 2 week I used . Too bad , after that , the black pen stopped working . Then I was afraid what was gon na happen next . the red pen ? the board ? So I returned it . Good for me .
 Phone did not work . Was a very poorly made device . Had to send it back . Have not received refund yet .
 This binder did not survive a single week of regular use . I do place above-average load on my binders , but I certainly expect them to last more than a week . The bottom locking ring no longer aligns and the close switch will not stay in the locked position.I would not recommend this binder for anything but the lightest of archival duties . Under no circumstances should it be utilized in an environment where it will encounter physical stress.I purchased the 6 '' variant of this binder .
 As noted in the previously posted review -LRB- which I failed to see before ordering -RRB- , this is definately not worth the money . The photo implies a set of four pens but you only receive one and do n't get to select the color . The initial cost for one plastic pen is totally inappropriate and the $ 4 + `` shipping '' charge is simply an insult.The actual product itself is n't all that impressive either . Save your money , do n't buy this !!
 The product description & photo imply that it is a set of 4 pens in assorted colors . Be warned , it is only one pen and you do not get to choose the color . Pen itself is kind of flimsy . $ 7.99 for 4 pens would have been reasonable . $ 7.99 plus shipping for 1 flimsy , plastic pen is not worth it .
 Phone has good sound quality in handset and speakerphone mode , great range from base station , easy to use presets and other dialing functions . However , many of the keys have already become somewhat lame . They now require you to press very hard ; I have missed more than one call because the on/answer button simply would not respond no matter how hard I pressed it .
 I had this phone for about 2 years . After the first year the keypad started going bad . This is why I am here searching for a new one to buy . You have to press really hard on the keys , also when pressing on one number you may get multiples of the same number . Reception and range are good .
 This phone worked well for a while , then suddenly , the buttons became impossible to push and dial ! I ca n't tell you how frustrating it is trying to dial a phone number pressing and repressing a digit until it finally registers . Also , there must be a ghost that comes along with the phone ; several times a week a caller on the other end says , ' I ca n't hear you , but someone else ' ? Why does this happen ? Well , this system automatically scans for the best channels during calls , therefore you can momentarily be in on a neighbor 's conversation . All the company has advised me to do is maintain a safe distance -LRB- 50 ft radius -RRB- of the base ! Why bother having a cordless phone ? Now , after we 've loaded our house with this idiotic phone system we have to go back and spend a bundle re-outfitting ! Next time , I 'll be sure to check with the opinions of other customers and not buy a `` Costco special '' . ARGHHH !!!!
 We 've been very happy with our VTech 2431 single-line 2.4 MHzphone system for the past few years , so now that we havethree lines this looked like just the right thing.Unfortunately this system appears to have been designed by acompletely different team . The handsets are very large -LRB- toolarge to fit into a pocket -RRB- , the menus are more difficult touse , the speed-dial feature is extremely clumsy , and thesignal quality is very poor , with lots of hissing in thebackground . We 've sent this one back and replaced it with atwo-line VTech 20-2431 system , which is much more like theoriginal 2431 and does n't suffer from the problems of the40-2421 series .
 We 've been very happy with our VTech 2431 single-line 2.4 MHzphone system for the past few years , so now that we havethree lines this looked like just the right thing.Unfortunately this system appears to have been designed by acompletely different team . The handsets are very large -LRB- toolarge to fit into a pocket -RRB- , the menus are more difficult touse , the speed-dial feature is extremely clumsy , and thesignal quality is very poor , with lots of hissing in thebackground . We 've sent this one back and replaced it with atwo-line VTech 20-2431 system , which is much more like theoriginal 2431 and does n't suffer from the problems of the40-2421 series .
 What 's with VTech ? The first unit failed within a few months . Now , the replacement unit has terrible background noise , which is peculiar , since there are no other electronics in the room.The designers load many features on these phones , but they fail with the very basics ... communication ! Ca n't any of these high-tech companies produce a telephone that works ?
 As well when plugging in a headset to the handset there 's an irritating high pitch noise that is unfixable .
 I bought the base unit with two additional handsets . My wife and son thought the buttons were too hard to push . It did n't matter because one handset never worked . After about 2 days the display on another handset did n't work . Called Vtech and they could only suggest that I return it for a replacement . I did them one better . I returned it for a full refund .
 I HAVE ALREADY RETURNED 2 OF THESE THINGS . I bought the first one at target and it worked for about 6 months only to have the screen go dead . I recieved a replacement from vtech and less than 2 months later that screen went dead as well . Saving myself the time , hassle and money and buying a diffrent phone instead of calling vtech customer support again .
 I purchased this phone when looking for a replacement for my 900mhz 2 line Vtech phone that got left outside in the rain . The phone quality sounds as if you are talking on a cell phone . If you and the person you have called talk at the same time , your voice will overlay the other person 's voice and you ca n't hear what they are saying . There is also an echo of your own voice when you talk . I have always been very happy with the Vtech voice quality but this phone is just awful . It also has a very poor battery life .
 I would never recommend this phone ! It looks great and would be a great phone if everything worked but it does n't . Whenever I am talking to someone and switch it to the speakerphone -LRB- a.k.a. `` handsfree '' -RRB- mode the sound fades in and out so that I can only hear every other word that is being said . The answering machine time and date stamp also drives me crazy because it keeps giving me the wrong time . I 'll reset it to the proper time and within a few days it 's out of sync again . The regular phone reception is also very sensitive such that I 'm picking up a lot of clicks and buzzes and general static .
 The features of this phone are perfect , and worked very well for a few months . However , at this point the batteries in the handsets we have -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- do n't last more than a few hours on standby , and we can not use either handset to dial a number because the digit buttons rarely work . This is typical of my experiences with Vtech products - I am done with this brand !
 This phone is terrible . If you 're talking on Line 1 , Line 2 does not ring . It defeats the purpose of a 2-line phone in my house .
 This phone is horrible . My plan was to purchase this phone and an extra handset , so I could access both lines , and place the handsets in separate rooms . Good thing my local electronics store was out of the handsets when I bought the base ! It would have been $ 70 extra wasted . I have experienced very poor performance ; with ear piercing crackling from the second I pick up the handset , leaving me scrambling to switch to the speakerphone before the caller hangs up . The speakerphone is the only thing that * does * work properly on this phone , and all the other features would have been great benefits if the handset actually functioned ! I will never buy a Vtech again , such an expensive set should at least have reception when 1 ft from the base.I do admit that I have a wireless access point in my house . However , I still believe the phone is at fault because even with the access point on a different channel or disabled all together , the handset fails miserably . All of this came as a surprise to me since a consumer magazine recently gave a favorable rating to a similar Vtech 2-line phone . Please listen to the other reviews and skip this phone !
 I would not recommend this phone . I bought it for a small office . If you are talking on line 1 and line 2 rings , the handset beeps in your ear with every ring and interrupts line 1 creating segments of dead air , much like call waiting does . Very annoying in a business setting where the second line can ring multiple times during a business call . When I called vtech to find out what was wrong , I was told nothing was wrong , that was how this phone worked . This is worthless as 2 line phone . Also sound quality is like talking into a tin can .
 It 's cute as a bug , but you ca n't read the ... display . Too tiny for these 40 + eyes . Absolutely hated this phone . Speaker breaks up all the time too . Their old 900 MHz phones are outstanding ... simple to use and MUCH easier to read and operate !! Way too expensive , for the pain in the neck that this phone is . We kept it for a month and just could n't stand it another day ... thank goodness for long Christmas extended return times ! Also , ours did not have the built in answering machine , but it cost the same as what 's written here and it looks exactly the same .
 Great range on phone . I found phone easy to use and like the display just fine - my 40 year old eyes did n't have a problem . The speaker phone has worked just great for me too . We purchased 3 phones a little over a year ago and now two of them sound very hollow and have some static . They need to be replaced but at $ $ $ each I 'll probably look for another option . Initially loved phones but disappointed by short life .
 Hard to dial.Confusing keypad.And to top if off , likes to hang up on people while it `` searches for base '' . One of the worst things I have ever bought .
 I purchased this phone when looking for a replacement for my 900mhz 2 line Vtech phone that got left outside in the rain . The phone quality sounds as if you are talking on a cell phone . If you and the person you have called talk at the same time , your voice will overlay the other person 's voice and you ca n't hear what they are saying . There is also an echo of your own voice when you talk . I have always been very happy with the Vtech voice quality but this phone is just awful . It also has a very poor battery life .
 I really liked all the features of this phone . But , three most important features for me are sound quality , battery life and distance . Well , this phone failed on the first two . There was constant static on this phone ; kind of like your radio is not exactly on the right station . Also , I charged the battery for over 12 hours on Sunday . By Thursday I was charging the battery again , and we had been on vacation those days and not at home ! The distance quality seemed to be pretty good . I could go out in the yard and over to the neighbors house with it .
 I purchased this phone from SAM 's Club - the one they sell is actually the 2489 which comes w / an extra handset . The phones have great features , but the handsets are terrible . The sound quality comes and goes and sometimes when you try to turn the phone on it gives you a `` system busy '' message.The speakerphone quality is pretty good and feature-wise the phone is great . If you 're looking for a good cordless phone , this is not it !
 I was not able to use two separate telephone lines at once . So to me this phone is absolutely worthless . Paid to ship the phone back twice at my cost of $ 21.60 . Going to send it back for a refund hopefully I 'll get it .
 Do n't waste your money on this phone . I bought the base unit and 2 added extensions . The instructions on the registration of the auxiliary phones omitted several steps . The base phone instructions do n't even explain how to use call waiting , a pretty basic function popular since the 80 's . Customer service leaves you on hold for 20 minutes , and they ca n't help you since they have never even seen the phone . They are just reading the same , truncated instructions you are ! Maybe VTech should realize that the best advertising is word of mouth . Do n't bother with this system .
 The phone did not work . We sent it back . We did not get a credit note .
 This phone arrived defective - caller ID did not work at all , answering service was very hard to figure out , and half the time when the phone was hung up it did not `` recognize '' the base . After 30 min on the phone with VTECH they told us to call the seller . . who said they did not take returns after 15 days , charged a 15 % re-stock fee and did not reimburse for shipping costs -LRB- 6-8 $ each way -RRB- . Digital Etc. is vending rip-off defective items and forcing customers to bear most of the cost . Do n't buy from them !
 I purchased the station as a replacement for the exact same station we had for four years or more . The number 2 button went bad on the existing handheld and this was the least expensive way to replace it . This is a servicable and inexpensive 2-line system . The voice quality is n't all that good . The buttons on the handhelds are too small , somewhat confusing and hard to press -- but it 's generally OK . For those reasons , I would n't choose it for families with older people or youngsters . The newer models are probably better . I would n't have bought it except as a replacement .
 Whatever you do , do n't buy a Vtech phone . But especially do n't buy this one.We got 3 of these phones for our 1500 sft . appartment . At first we loved them -LRB- I think this accounts for the favorable reviews -RRB- . They seemed to have good signal and we loved the features . However very soon after putting them in we started having major problems . The biggest problem is that 50 % of the time when the phone rings and you go to pick up the call , it will not give you the call . Instead the handset beeps , displays the vtech logo and then tells you it 's looking for the base . This happens even when you 're using the base phone!We contacted Vtech about this and they gave us a list of things to check for . We followed all their instruction to the letter and it is the same as ever . There is nothing more frustrating than to not be able to answer your own phone.We 've had other Vtech phones and they also had similar `` signal '' problems when sitting right on the base ! I 've also talked to friends with vtech phones that report the same problems , so I do n't think that we simply got 2 sets of faulty phones.These phones look nice , but for such powerful phones it is a mystery why 50 % of the time 2 feet from the base unit they ca n't seem to find the signal .
 I would not recommend this product . I am returning it , because the quality of the answering machine is very poor . The playback sounds like a robots voice instead of a crisp digital quality recording . I am also not impressed with the sound quality of the handset , but I would have kept it but for the terrible answering machine quality .
 Got this one to replace the 2 US-made Siemens Gigasets 2400 / 2420 where all the handsets died = ended up sounding like you are under water . Good at first , except a few flaws like unable to transfer the numbers programmed into a handset to another one ... Who likes programming each phone , when you use several.However , after a few months callers complain about the crackling in the line . Checked , it is the V-Tech 's ! Can not suggest buying this one , despite it 's reasonable price . Only problem if you want a 2-line
 When using the handset there is an intermittent reverberation . When using my plantronics headset , which has performed well for 3 years with a different phone , people complain of poor mic volume and/or static . They keep asking if I am on a cell phone.Its going back .
 Do n't buy this product . Most of the time when people call and we are not home , the answering machine hangs up on them . When I call or write technical support , they tell me to unplug the phone and plug it back in . I am not going to do this every day . We have had this system in our home for 18 months and I regret the day I purchased it . It has been nothing but trouble . Also , the headsets , which are not cheap , fall apart and Vtech refuses to address the problem . Granted the product is out of warranty , but this is a recurring issue , and clearly is a problem with product quality . I get better service out of a $ 30 phone I bought 15 years ago than on this over $ 300 investment .
 This system used to work fine for the last couple of years I 've owned it , but for the last 6 months it seems that the interference in the 2.4 ghz band from wireless computer networks has been too much for it . It no longer offers a clear reliable signal past a few feet from the base.My Siemens system still offers a good signal through two floors of the house on 2.4 ghz , however , I may have to replace both systems with a 5.8 Ghz in any case .
 Absolutely horrible quality . I have another 900 Mghz that is 10 times better in terms of range and sound quality . The answering machine is frequently unintelligible . These are priced at the low end of the spectrum but are not worth it . I 'm going to try and find a cost effective alternative or else fork out $ 200 + for a top of the line system .
 I bought this phone because I wanted a cordless phone with an answering machine -LRB- all 1 unit -RRB- for my kitchen , but I did n't want to spend very much . Well , with the answering machine , it is very difficult to understand the messages . I have to listen to them from the handset . And the clarity in the handset is awful ! Not only is there an echo of my own voice in the earpiece , but it picks up every little sound from the room and amplifies it . It is also very difficult to hear the person on the other end . But what should I have expected from a $ 13 phone . -LRB- Of course it was $ 30 when I bought it . -RRB- I should have just waited and spent the extra money on a better phone as now I am on the search for a new better quality phone .
 This is a typical , low-cost phone , and it works about how you 'd expect . The signal does n't carry strongly through 4 walls -- whatever.The main problem is the ease with which you can erase the message you 're about to listen to , when you mean to be erasing the one you 've just heard .
 if you have friends who leave real long meassages on phones and you would like to avoid this this phone would be great it consistantly cuts people off after 5 or 8 words and the sound quality is pretty poor . the volume is usually so low and you can never tell how many message you have or erase a skipped messsage you have to hear all your annoying message first . I just bought this a couple of months ago and am now planning on replacing it .
 the headset plug thing does not work . i ended up buying two new headsets before figuring this out . very diapointing . it just colelcts dust now .
 I purchased the German model of this . The display was not readable and it crashed often . Ectaco customer `` service '' was awful , and they are charging me shipping and restock fees even though the unit was defective . Buy another brand .
 They , whoever did this , placed a really cheap product with a photo of a totally different and a lot more expensive one . You think you are getting a deal ? well . . you will get a small box with a pen and some stickers . . not even worthy to take the time to return it back ... I am very dissapointed ... THIS IS A FRAUD , AND SOMEONE SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS . They are lying to people .
 I was very disappointed in the purchase of these popup post it notes . I was charged for these and received an almost empty box . It had bubble wrap and shipping invoice in it . No post it notes ! I have n't received reimbursement or notes from Amazon either . The only way of communicating the problem was to send back the empty box that I could find .
 At first I thought this binder was great . Reasonable price and seemed to work well . After a few months of use , however , the `` teeth '' of the ring stopped meeting all the way together so the papers would come out of the ring when you turned them . Had to buy a replacement and get rid of it - waste of money .
 The calculator itself is probably a fine instrument . It may be great for users who have already learned somehow to use it . It may be fine for users who do not need to use its advanced features.But if you need help in learning how to use its advanced features , documents supplied by HP are poor aids . By searching I found other learning aids -LRB- a book by Thomas Barber and a tutorial by Merv Newton at Thiel College -RRB- which fill some gaps . But still I wish I had a clear , well edited , helpfully organized users manual.My difficulty in using the calculator does not pertain to its Reverse Polish Notation RPN . I have no difficulty with RPN.To tell a story , I was trying to learn to use the calculator with the User 's Manual supplied with the calculator by HP . Pushing keys in the sequence they suggest , I found myself locked in the equation editor when I reached the end of one section of the User 's Manual . I could not figure out how to get out of the equation editor . The manual did not tell . I could not figure out how to clear or reset the thing . If you turn it off and then on again , it comes back to the same place . Later somewhere I found how to do a `` warm restart '' -LRB- Hold down ON while pressing and releasing F3 -RRB- . I still hope to learn to use this calculator because I need the powers it promises . But good training manuals appear to be lacking
 Pros :1 -RRB- the mouse pad is a pretty good size -LRB- but i did n't buy it for the mouse pad -RRB- 2 -RRB- price is cheap maybe that is why no quality to itCons :1 -RRB- the wrist pad is hard -LRB- very hard -RRB- a brick would be better for your hand2 -RRB- it does n't heat or chill very well -LRB- the thick hard wrist pad absorbs all the heat and cold before it gets to your hands3 -RRB- it gets dirty quick4 -RRB- did I mention the wrist pad was hardI gave it a 2 star because the mouse pad its self was useful but that is it.I will never recommend this product to anyone
 Allsop used the wrong type of plastic envelope for their gel cushion . They used plastic which allowed moisture to escape out of the gel and cause the gel to be hard and flat . no way to fix it , it 's a manufacturing mistake .
 I have order several Avery products on Amazon , normally they are fine . This one -LRB- Heavy Duty 1 '' -RRB- and others I recently purchased -LRB- ~ Sept. 2012 -RRB- looks like the real thing but is poorly made . I suspect there are fake or defective . The rings do not close properly and the cover cracked within a couple of weeks of minor use . I will not buy another binder on Amazon . I expected more than what I got .
 I purchased this phone for my home office . I bought it in August and by October was having issues with it cutting out and having a static filled connection . I am constantly on the phone for work and ca n't afford a bad connection . I initially thought it was because I have a digital phone line and addressed my concerns with the cable company . After confirmation from them that the connection cutting out was not due to the phone line , I purchased another phone as a replacement and have n't had a single problem . I 'm dissapointed this item did n't perform better , and does n't offer more than a 30 day warranty . For just a slightly higher purchase price at Staples , I was able to get a better performing product with a 2 year warranty .
 I do n't know how this phone could get a 5 star rating . I 've had it for 44 days & #s 4,5,6 on the keypad do not work . This phone is useless & now it 's too late to return it to Amazon.Other than that it 's a nice phone , but this is a deal breaker . Will just receive calls on it & use my iPhone for outgoing calls -- it always works ! --------- Later
 Just got it yesterday - seemed to have everything I needed . But - clock setting does not work , speaker phone is terrible and most importantly , for me , when I connect my wireless headset -LRB- Plantronic -RRB- it has it has a persistent high pitched tone . Returning it today .
 This had generally good reviews , so I took a chance on an &#34; off &#34; brand.Phone is larger than it looks in the photo & takes up more desk space than I expected , but that 's a minor issue . Instructions would be clear to an IT professional , but not sure everyone would understand the &#34; telespeak &#34; acronyms in the manual.The speaker phone worked great the first time I used it -- callers said the sound was quite clear . After about 2 hours , I noticed that the display brightness was varying with the caller 's speech . The next call I picked up on speaker was terrible . I had a strange electronic buzzing in the speaker and the caller could n't understand what I was saying.I works fine on the handset and with my Plantronics S12 headset , so it appears that something is amiss with the speaker function . I bought it for the speaker function , so I 'll need to return it for something that works .
 The main feature about these pens is the looks of them , and the other feature of how clear ink transforms into color on paper -LRB- the tube between the end of the pen and the ink has a dye that the ink mixes with by the way -RRB- . For the price , it should write like other Uni-ball pens do , like the Uni-ball Vision . But the ink color is significantly weaker and dimmer and the ink runs out of ink a bit too quickly . The ink is not waterproof , is not airplane safe , and is very dim . Because they do not last long and the ink is dim , this suggests there is not a lot of ink in these pens . If they were cheaper , then I can justify giving a higher rating ... but they cost a bit more than the Uni-ball vision but have 2/3 the ink and half the quality.However , the pens do write smoothly ... but that 's really about it .
 The actual image of the mucles man is awesome - well done and clear . But the clip on the clip board , is plastic and broke within the first day of use . I actually bought one before at the body worlds exhibit and the same thing happened to both . For the price - its a shame !
 I have had other Brother fax machines , but this one I put back in the box and in our storage room after 12 days . I was so unhappy that I called Brother to come out and please fix this machine . Brother came to my office and tried to fix the problem twice . Finally they gave me another machine to try . This one was even worse . Brother then tried to fix the second machine -LRB- same model -RRB- but failed . It seems that the interior rollers that pull the pages through to be faxed have to be adjusted so accurately , so as to pull the paper through straight . The faxed sheet -LRB- that is received at the other end -RRB- is twisted and longer than the origional . This is unacceptable when faxing die drawings and other related small drawings . For contracts and proposal letters , the faxed sheet looks very unprofessional . This model is only good for occasional family faxing .
 Perhaps I missed something , but I assumed -LRB- I know , I know ... -RRB- that they would n't still be selling batteries for analog cordless phones , or if they did , that a 5.8 Ghz analog phone did n't exist . My Motorola 5.8 Ghz digital has a battery pack made of 3 AAA NiMh batteries ; _ this _ one is made of 3 AA NiMh batteries , and it does n't physically fit inside the phone . The back of the package says it fits `` Motorola MA300 , MA350 , MA351 , MA361 , MA362 '' -LRB- among many other models of other brands -RRB- but cautions that you should `` Check size , shape , and connector type for match . '' Kind of hard to do when they do n't list those things in the product description .
 This calculator looks nice and has great functionalities no doubt , but it 's the worst key entry experience I 've ever had with any calculators ! The keys are simply too hard and one would need to exert a lot more force down on each of the keys for the input to register . As such , like many have complained in the previous posts , this makes calculation extremely slow , not because the calculator itself is not able to perform the task , but to punching in all your numbers would simply take too long and too much effort , with the added risk of not being able to enter everything correctly because the key pad is just so damn hard to press!So frustrating ! Why ca n't they just learn a thing or two from the casio fx series , once you 've used those calculators you never want to touch another one again . Too bad casio does n't make cfa approved calculators.I 'm starting to really really hate using this calculator .
 First , it 's a product review . -LRB- Shopping with Amazon has been a pleasure -RRB- The design is cool and stylish , but do n't be fooled by its appearance , cheap synthetic case too . -LRB- ca n't believe ppl say it is nice ! it 's not even napa leather -RRB- I pefered the hard case as it protects the on/off key . This calculator has turned on twice in my bag.Very hard keys and slow registering , if you have fast fingers and like to enter numbers using both hands like me , then this is not for you . You have to press the numbers one by one slowly to have them registered , i used to work all my Fin . functions on a TI-83 -LRB- no problem at all -RRB- which is not permited for the CFA exam.I hated the Plus Pro after comparing this with the Regular Plus . This calculator slows me down for CFA exam practice problems and i had more than few errors cus of numbers not registering.The manual and function algorithms are very good though , require min . learning curve . Calculation speed is faster than the Reg Plus 's .
 The buttons do not fitted well >> I mean that I need to press them harder to let them function
 I do n't get it . I just got my second one and neither worked . I do n't get it . The little example card that comes with it
 I 'm throwing this thing away . I 've tried to use this calculator at work every day for the past 3 weeks . It 's going in the trash tonight before I leave . We have 5 at work , all have the same issue . You must enter one digit , take a breath , enter another digit , take a breath , enter another digit , take a breath , etc. . If you try to enter 123456789 quickly , you end up with 13579 , it misses every other number . All 5 perform the same . If you are slow at entering numbers in a calculator , maybe that works for you , but I need it for a living and do n't have time to wait on a calculator to process an entry . JUNK . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I purchased this calculator and its predecessor for use in the CFA examinations.I purchased this one because I thought the keys would be easier and more fluid to the touch I have to say I hate them both equally.The keys are hard to push , so you are never sure if you really pushed them , if you add numbers and accidentally press equal which is easy to do because the keys are so close together them you have to re add the whole sequence.It does not come in a hard caseThere is no multi line feature to see the numbers you are adding , so very 1980 's . I recommend anyone that uses a calculator on a regular basis buy a simple students calculator to use , if you dont have to buy this for the CFA examinations.rubbish
 The normal calculation functions work fine and are the same as you 'd see with any other calculator , but the method for using the business-specific functions is awkward and unintuitive . Find a different calculator if you need this for a finance class .
 There are several features missing for this to be considered a professional level financial calculator.No function key display in the LCD panel , so you are not certain which button you have just pressed . Not the most intuitive . I could only get it to show two digits right of the decimal point.It does have many basic keys that would be handy if you need to calculate payments or things like that . Might be a great calculator , just not for me .
 The description was `` Like a New '' but it turns out a very used looking with scrathes all over . Very bad exper.ience
 I have to churn out huge quantities of numbers using this bad boy but the biggest problem I have is with the buttons!The case has an overall cheap feel which is fine by me , I mean hey ! I am not going to be using these as personal defense weapons or anything but man would this have been so much better if only they had had the Chinese manufacturers put some better keys on these ! I am sure they would 've been able to do it .
 After using the HP 12c -LRB- and the 12c 25th Anniv edition -RRB- , this calculator was insanely frustrating to use . The keys did n't always respond , even with the `` click '' which requires me to keep a vigilant eye on the display when inputting numbers -LRB- this is most common in repeating digits , such as 10,000 which will frequently drop a zero or two -RRB- . Also , the lack of an RPN option is a glaring flaw considering the prevalence of the 12c over the past 25 years.On the plus side , the one-key delete is a huge plus , though I suppose it 's a requirement given the spotty input . And it does its job - and fast - it 's about 50 % faster than the 12c 25th Anniv edition -LRB- and about 15 times faster than the '81 model -RRB- , but the difference between modern calculators is fairly negligible , looking at the difference of a split second for difficult interest calculations or such.Other than that , it does everything that a 12c or other financial calculator can , with one exception . It can do trig and a handful of other non-financial functions . Maybe there 's a reason for this , but I do n't see it.Unfortunately , the 12c is not allowed in SOA exams . If they were , you can bet I 'd sell this one ASAP .
 Maybe I 'm just used to my TI-89 Plus Scientific Calculator , but I had to buy this one for class and I hate the buttons . I always mess up when entering formulas because you have to push the buttons exactly right . I spend way to much time using this stupid thing and if it were n't for my class , I would have sent it right back . BUT it does have all the necessary functions for a finance person .
 This calculator performs all the functions you 'd expect of it . In terms of actual design , the only thing additionally I 'd ask for is perhaps a second line on the LCS for reviewing calculations algebraically.But there exists one huge problem . While the buttons give a very positive * click * when you press them , it seems about one time in 10 or 15 the key press fails to register . As I normally touch-type on the number pad , it renders the device next to worthless . The only way to ensure you calculations come out right is to stare at the screen after each ... and ... every ... key press . That might be great for high school kids taking a finance class , but it is worthless for the `` Professionals '' the product name would imply might use it.The only thing keeping this piece of junk from getting a single star from me is that yes , it does technically work . But only if you watch it like a delinquent 12 year old .
 I do n't use this calculator that often . I bought it for CFA exam . What really bothers me is that the keys are very hard to push . Quite often I found numbers failed to register . I have to input number slowly and push the key really hard all the way down and double check to make sure the numbers are input correctly . I knew there will be a problem in the exam so I practice a lot using the calculator . In the exam , I still feel distracted by the calculator .
 Pro
 I purchased this calculator in August 2008 but did n't have to use it up until now . I recently started taking financial management classes and was looking forward to using the calculator . However to my surprise I discovered that the button for the `` 2nd '' function does n't work . Without that function the calculator becomes no different from an ordinary calculator and the purchase of it is meaningless . Sadly for me the warranty period is already over , and I did n't check the functionality of the item before now . So far I had great and trustworthy experience of purchasing books and other items at Amazon , however this one led me to complete disappointment . Hope the other customers did n't have such an experience and were/are happy with their purchases . And one piece of advice , ALWAYS check thoroughly the functionality of items you buy , especially at Amazon .
 PROS
 The buttons on this calculator now feel extremely flimsy and are not the firm clicking that the original Professional had . You will certainly make calculation errors from the numbers not registering on the calculator .
 Three weeks after I receive this calculator , its CF key stops functioning , not to mention that the keys are hard to press to begin with . You can get an iPhone app of this calculator for no more than 10 bucks . I only found out this fact after it went broken . I would n't have purchased it if I knew there 's the iPhone app .
 Calculator does not work well , the 1 is not functional , it types in 11 . Makes calculating difficult .
 i just bought a Texas Instruments BA II Plus Professional Financial Calculator `` Electronics ; $ 42.88 . The most dissaponting thing is i can not use the decimal point . . how can i do the calculation if the calculators cant even solve the simple math question like 1.1 +1 = 2.1 but it bcm 11 +1 = 12 . . the main purpose i want bought this from amazon is because i need it urgently . But now , they delivered me the problematic calculator
 This is a well made calculator , but I was EXTREMELY disappointed with the manual , which is practically useless ! It is obviously written by techno-nerds , who have poor communication and technical writing skills . When my trusty old HP-12C died , I decided to try the TI BA-II Plus Pro . For me , it was a bad decision ! I needed to make some complex discounted net present value calculations for a client on short notice . I had to seek a `` how to manual '' from Grapevice Publications , as the TI manual is of scant help . The examples are few . I am returning to HPs . If assigning grades , I would give the calculator a B , but the manual an F. Trying to learn a new and unfamiliar financial calculator without a clear , well written manual was an exercise in frustration .
 Overall , this is a good calculator . It makes solving financial functions a breeze . The problem is with the buttons . They do n't register when you push them . Anyone who can type or push buttons at a speed faster than very slow will be frustrated with this calculator .
 This is the most unintuitive calculator I 've ever used . One example that I still could not figure out how to do in a convenient way
 Worst one !!! i really dont understand how come people give it good rate . when you get it . i used 3 different calculator over 10years , it was worst !!!!!!!
 The calculator works all right , but they 're not built to last . I 'm on my third one in two months , as the first one suddenly stopped calculating correctly -LRB- my teacher and I both tried everything -RRB- . Then the second one stopped working about ten days after I bought it . Now I 'm on my third one , but I do n't have very high hopes for it.The other thing is that the cover is oddly designed so it 's hard to put on . Not a big fan.In all , it 's an ok calculator , but I 'm not sure I would buy it if I had a choice .
 Just got my BAII pro and the first bond calculation required an entry of 1000 . I heard and felt the zero key click 3 times , yet only 2 zeros were entered -LRB- 100 -RRB- . I have tried this over and over , and find that although the key clicks , the numbers are not recorded unless you type slowly . This is completely unacceptable and I will return the calculator soon , and try the BA II plus . I would rather have keys that give no feedback , then I will visually make sure the entry is valid.Love TI , but can not believe they would put out a product with a flaw like this .
 I did n't recieve my calculator , and the seller says they lost my calculator in their labels , so I wait for one month , and I did n't see my calculator
 The buttons are horrible ... I ca n't tell you how often I have to retype numbers because the calculator did not capture my input . The buttons have a `` sticky '' feel and are small . Also , the case is a cheap attempt to emulate the strength and durability of the HPs -LRB- I hate the 12C ... but I think its design and durability has not yet been matched -RRB- .
 The buttons skip . When I press them , the buttons give a reassuring soft click , designed to signal to me that the number has been entered . But frequently the number is NOT entered , even though the button clicks . The result is that I get wrong results and have to repeat my work . This is immensely frustrating , and it seems to happen mostly with a few digits -LRB- 0 , 1 -RRB- . The whole point of a tactile button-click is to give feedback that the number has been received . Because of what must be shoddy design or manufacturing , my unit is unreliable . Because it is unreliable , I have to double-check my entries -- which slows my work down -- or I have to press extra-hard on every button -LRB- which gets wearing when you have hours of work to do -RRB- . How can a simple product like a calculator be so hard to get right ? This is mature technology , apparently from a leading company in the field , but it can not do the job reliably . Making a calculator look flashy is secondary to making a calculator that does its work and does not waste my time repeating my work .
 This calculator has a nice design/look , and it 's calculating powers and functionality are acceptable . However , the buttons are terrible . Punching numbers in too quickly , or if you neglect to place perfect pressure on one of the keys , can cause you to omitted various numbers into your calculations . I prefer to be able to enter numbers quickly with light touch to the calculator but there is something cheap or poorly engineered in regards to how the calculator receives inputs . Perhaps it is just my style , and may work properly for others , but I do find this aspect of the calculator disappointing . I will , however , add that the inexpensive price may be the trade off for superb key stroke handling .
 I just brought this from Staples , and I brought this because of it 's PRICE -LRB- relative to the HP 12C Platinum 25th Anniversary Edition -RRB- and from some reviews I 've saw . Unfortunately , one of the other reviewers were right about the number buttons , they do n't always work , OR the calculator 's processor does n't register them for some reason.For example , i tried pressing a few random numbers with the relatively fast -LRB- try 100 -RRB- , most will display , but one will sneak in and not appear , no matter how you press it or from what angle you press . I also tried other numbers and it is the same . How ever if I enter it slowly , a one second of each other , it always works . I observed that repeating a number will have a higher frequency of not registering . -LRB- try 1100223344 fast -RRB- What puts me off is that because the click of the button is so obvious , I would assume it will always register and not have a second thought of not pressing down enough . So this problem sticks out like a sore thumb . From the fact that all the buttons acted the same way , I 'd have to guess it 's a design flaw , plus i do n't have time testing their products for them . I will return it and buy the HP 12C instead , of course not looking back.We 're talking about real money and a CFA exam at stake , I ca n't have something this risky missing a number in one of my lengthy calculations .
 I bought this calculator as this is the recommended one for CFA exams . A simple math problem is not working quite right . Dont know if its design limitation or bug . Here is what I found . Find the value of 2 x -LRB- -1 + 3 -RRB- = 8 - incorrect . The same thing if u enter as 2 x -LRB- 3 - 1 -RRB- = 4 gives the correct answer . Something not working right when you have brackets . So , users beware .
 I owned this calculator less than a year , and the key pad already malfunction . I am a royal TI user , but this product make me think twice to switch to other brand .
 This calculator has lots of functions , but I do n't use it because the buttons are very sticky and do not always enter data without pressing very hard . I can press a button , and to my finger it feels as if the button is fully pressed , but nothing is entered . If I am using it I feel I must look at the screen carefully while I am pressing any keys to ensure that everything is entered . Very , very annoying . I just use functions in excel to do my finance homework which works a lot better .
 Maybe I am spoiled by my old TI-82 , but the quality of this calculator is not what I expected for $ 40 . The buttons are frequently unresponsive , causing missed number entries and calculation errors . I am constantly retyping entries , which is frustrating and distracting . The results are accurate , but figuring out how to run present value , bond , and cash flow calculations can be a bit annoying . The input is not really all that intuitive for this technically inclined MBA student , although my problems may be caused by lack of experience in finance . Other students are using the HP equivalent and like it . I would try other options before choosing this calculator .
 Bought a couple of these based on 1 -RRB- positive reviews , 2 -RRB- it being CFA approved , and 3 -RRB- my love of the TI89.As far as functionality , the calculator does everything it is supposed to do . It does not have a hard cover , but this i knew beforehand . What I did not expect was the shoddy construction of the keys . The keyboard is brutally bad . If you like typing in numbers without having to double check if in fact the number was key 'd in -LRB- even if the key clicked -RRB- , then i would suggest you get another calculator . In fact , just get the non-professional version . Only .09 % of financial calculator users need the extra functionality .
 I tried this calculator and liked it , BUT , it 's not solar . I had a Radio Shack 15 year old financial calculator that was incredible but finally display went after years of daily use . And IT was solar . Why have a calculator that you have to tape extra batteries to to use ? And they are expensive if you use it on a daily basis and need to replace . Maybe TI is getting kickbacks from battery manufacturers . So ... I went with Casio FC-200V financial . Does all the TI and more . And Casio is environmentally consious and uses this `` new '' technology called solar .
 y is that , too expensive for couple of cheap functions , and net result the CFA need you to have this super-genius super professional , additional , sophisticated , illuminated , graceful , merciful ... . etc calculator.simply i could have bought dozen perfect calculator the price of this one , and CFA should not that angry . but we just have to adapt .
 The calculator looked brand new in it 's package , but certain functions and buttons did not work . I 'm very displeased with this purchase and very frustrated because I needed this calculator for a test tomorrow and now I have to go find another one somewhere else . This has been a very bad experience for me and I 'm making sure that I never have to order anything online again . I suggest to anyone just to buy what you can without having to purchase anything online at all .
 A few odd points that bugged me
 Great functionality , but I give the calculator two stars for its &#34; sticky buttons &#34; . It often skips numbers that are punched in fast , which can be quite frustrating .
 I purchased the i5871 base unit and three i5808 handsets to replace an aging Siemans Gigaset system . Initial impressions are that the system is very stylish and looks good in pretty much any room . However , the handsets are not comfortable to use for long periods of time . The sharp edges are simply not compatible with my ear , and I 've gotten similar complaints from other users . The phone book management is archaic at best . It is frustrating to have to update each handset individually . Sound quality is above average , but the handsets are continuously resetting or loosing connection to the base , even standing right next to it . This happens in the middle of phone calls , checking voicemail , or while trying to dial . I 've tried Vtech 's support recommendations of re-registering the handsets at the base , unplugging everything and letting it reset , and nothing seems to work . Ultimately , I have several hundred dollars invested in a phone system that is just out of warranty and is too unreliable to use . This will most likely be the last Vtech product I purchase .
 The vTech i5871 has been featured in the movie ` When a Stranger Calls ' and on a few prime-time shows namely , ` Brothers and Sisters ' . Unfortunately the phone is horrible!Errors messages include the following `` unable to connect '' , `` searching for base '' .
 I received this phone as a free gift for attending a seminar -LRB- the version with the answering machine -RRB- . At first , I was really excited about this phone because it has a cool look to it . However , the actual operation of the phone is just plain lousy . The volume is very poor , and the placement of the ear piece is awkward . You have to hold the phone up to your ear a certain way in order to adequately hear the speaker on the other end . The ergonomics of the handset also make it uncomfortable to hold . It 's like holding a block -- there 's nothing that makes this phone ergonomically pleasant . The buttons on the keypad are difficult to push , and I 've often had to redial a number because I did not push the buttons down hard enough . Also , while the hand unit does sit on the base properly , it seems to be easily knocked over . I 'm not impressed with this phone whatsoever . Its `` coolness '' has worn off on me , so I 'm going back to my old Panasonic . Now I know why it was given away as a freebie .
 Got the phone condition is great although they say it 's tested and it will not sync to the main base called tech and the ca n't get it to work what should I do ?
 I bought four of the Vtech phones . The reception is very poor to none existent in certain parts of the house and two of the phones all together stopped working after ten months . The phone 's features sound great on the box , but I was never able to program the phones because of a variety of system incompatibilities . I have emailed tech-support several times and have received no response . Bottom line
 I bought this accessory handset in April 2007 for $ 75 . BTW I never use this handset it just sits there.The battery does n't hold a charge anymore . Probably been a problem a few months ago , but I do n't know , like I said I never use it.The charger is rated at 9vDC 200mA according to the label , but when I measure the voltage with my voltmeter I get 16vDC , so I guess it 's beenovercharging the handset this whole time.My base output voltage to the main handset is only 7vDC . And it is still going strong.I called vtech they would not honor my warranty since it 's only good for 1 year and now it is July.The lady from India , still wanted to help me troubleshoot the phone , but I already told her the problem , it 's like talking to a wall with the Indian Technical Support/Customer Service . I switched batteries with the base cordless and it started working while the other phone now had the problem . -LRB- no signal to base unit -RRB- I ordered a new charger and battery.I will never buy another Vtech product and I hope you do the same.Vtech does not stand behind their products , even when it 's surely a manufacture defect.Update 8.19.08 Got the new charger and battery . Some time ago . They sent me a cradle instead of the actually ac/dc adapter charger at first.Battery fixed the problem like I figured , but what 's strange is when I check the charger output to the battery it is about 14Vdc , still too high in my opinion , when compared to the base unit output which is 7Vdc , I do n't know why they make it this way , I guess to damage your battery and then for you to have to buy more batteries etc , BTW the price of the battery is $ 5.50 or something and $ 5 shipping -LRB- airmail -RRB- from Vtech -LRB- India -RRB- still not too high compared to other retailers.Like I said do n't buy this phone I have it now so I 'm stuck , but I would buy 900Mhz phone with some type of scrambling security If that was possible , since the 5.8 Ghz are so limited in range .
 Yes it is nice to have a highlighter and pen in one writing utensil . Unfortunately , both the pen part and the highlighter part are disappointing . The ink from the pen does not release evenly and nor does it write smoothly . I would rate the highlighter half individually to be among the worst highlighters I have used . The yellow highlighter is dull and the size of the tip is awkward.All in all , I 'd advise against purchasing this product .
 The cabinets are totally garbage ... First of all they came with NO instructions , and when assembled with the screws I had to purchase additional brackets cause the weight of the cabinets was pulling the cabinets off the wall ... So NOT worth the $ $ $ $ for the quality of the cabinets !!!
 I 'm pretty technologically savvy , but this machine has been nothing but a pain since Day One . It has a lot of snazzy features , all of which are extremely difficult to use . You have to go through a dozen steps to pull off one function . And when you lose power in that next storm ... guess what ! ... you get to go through all those steps to set up everything again.Even simple functions like copying and faxing take forever because you get paper jams left and right . Also , the memory fills up quickly -LRB- one fax of a couple pages can fill it up -RRB- and then it refuses to print any future faxes until the memory is cleared out . In the business world , missed faxes mean lost money.Technically , our MFC-970MC is in great shape , but I 'm looking to fork out another couple hundred dollars for something different because it has been such a time drain and irritation .
 This is truly the only disappointment of the Herman Miller Aeron chair -LRB- short on no head rest -RRB- . I 'm on my 4th lumbar support and they all have broke where the hard plastic adjuster is molded into the foam pad .
 The replacement lumbar pad is already beginning to tear where the hooks emerge from the pad itself . My original one lasted 8 years . This one is on pace to last less than one . Obviously these are not made to the same specifications as the factory ones .
 I 'm loaded up with these Aeron chairs and like them very much . But you have to wonder why they do n't produce a more durable lumbar pad.These lumbar pads need to be replaced from time to time , like yearly . They get become too flexible and begin to ride up their rails daily . They literally ride up the side rails that hold them every day . Over time , they bend too easily and it 's time to get a new one to reintroduce the firmness they are meant to provide.Why does n't Aeron -LRB- or somebody else -RRB- manufacture a lumbar pad to meet the intended use without failing so quickly ? This is the weakest part of the Aeron bargain .
 I 've had the same experience as others report where my back support tore . Seems to be made pretty cheaply as it is just two hard plastic parts embedded in some foam . Over time the hard plastic tears through the foam . Pretty disappointing for such and expensive and otherwise wonderfully constructed chair .
 Love the chair , but the lumbar piece has broken TWICE in the first week I 've owned it.Pretty sad that I paid $ 1000 for a chair that breaks immediately .
 This replacement lumbar pad only needs to be replaced because they break so frequently . I have to replace mine every couple of years since they tend to wear out and break apart at the end clamps .
 Absolutely the worst -LRB- and really , only bad -RRB- aspect of an Aeron chair . My third pillow just broke , completely torn in half . Luckily the chair comes with a great warranty that includes the pillow so I 've not had to pay for a replacement so far , but it 's a little ridiculous .
 I bought this a while ago and could not get to try it out until now . It does not work and can not be returned because of Amazon 's 30 day return policy . I believe this to be wrong because they sent me a defective machine and should have the integrity to stand by the products they sell . Now I 'm out $ 85.23 , the price of this lemon plus the two tapes that go with it .
 I have to use this label maker at work , but I consider it the most poorly designed label maker I 've ever used . It 's guaranteed to waste label tape . You have to throw away 1/2 '' of tape , which costs about half a cent , everytime you print . And if you get the dreaded `` Cut Error '' message , you will be throwing away even more money.Nor am I a fan of the keyboard . If Blackberry can put a QWERTY keyboard on a phone , Brother should be able to put one on a label maker . All in all it is a very disappointing piece of equipment .
 I 've had this labeler for two years , and I 've always thought it made very good labels when it was working , but that waste of tape before every single label has always bugged me . What a crappy engineering design - or they do it on purpose so you waste half the roll of tape and have to buy more ... . For the past two months i 've been getting the dreaded `` Cut Error '' that happens no matter how fast or slow I cut . I mean come on - why the heck do they even put this error in the labeler in the first place ? If the label does n't cut it will be obvious , then I 'll use scissors ... Today after 25 to 30 cut errors in a row in a fit of rage I spiked the labeler into the tile floor as hard as I could , then stomped on it . I 've had enough of this POS labeler . I 've dumped all 1000 pieces in the trash . My desk top labeler never had these problems , so thats what I 'll use from now on - even though it still wastes tape with that long front tag end .
 Purchased Brother PT-1400 label maker January 26th , started acting up couple weeks ago and progressively got worst . Tried to return and get a replacement . Refused return . Item less than 6 months old and has no warranty that I am aware of.I will NOT buy from ReStockIt again . They are not a good seller for Amazon .
 yes , this unit wastes a lot of tape about 3/4 of an inch for each label so be prepared to buy lots of extra cartridges just as brother planned . my old brother unit did not intentionally waste tape so this is a new feature . Also , my unit which is three days old keeps throwing a cutter error which wastes even more tape about every third label .
 my office purchased this and it would be great if it did n't waste 3/4 '' of tape for EVERY LABEL . plus i get CUTTER ERROR ! about 20 % of the time . and most of those times are BEFORE i get to my label -LRB- it just spits out the wasted 3/4 '' strip then gives the cutter error so i have to waste ANOTHER 3/4 '' strip -RRB- . it 's just plain bad design and poor quality . the features would be great , like the cable label . but it just does n't work well and it wastes tape like it 's its job .
 This is a very handy labeler with all sorts of different uses . But the ` Cutter Error ' problem that so many have reported , just got to be too much and I threw the labeler in the trash . Such a bummer . I tried cleaning the cutter mechanism and holding it just right . Nothing worked . So I recently bought the PT-2730 only to find that it only does straight labels . No flag labels or port labels . Maybe I 'm missing something , but if not , I 've wasted $ 80 bucks . I 've got to find a labeler that does cables , ports , vertical print etc.But for the ` Cutter Error ' alone , I 'd stay away from this one .
 Sure this Labeler does create labels , I use it daily at work . A few issues though , Like other reviewers have stated , this Labeler forces you to waste tape , about a half inch for every label . This is ridiculous , i 've used other Labelers that have worked absolutely fine and have created the same labels as this without the need to throw your money in the garbage . The cutter error ! is hilarious ... it 's almost like it 's yelling at you.Don ' t make the P-Touch angry , it might waste some more tape on you!This thing wastes so much tape in fact , you may find yourself creating labels smaller than the wasted tape.Keep buying the tape rolls so you can throw a quarter of it in the garbage.Look elsewhere , there are other Labelers out there that will not take their anger out on you by wasting materials .
 What ? Oh I was just using the PT-1400 label maker . Just oh 2 minutes ago I had to use it to make 44 labels . All sequential . Easy task right?Not when armed with the PT-1400 ! You see in the course of making these 44 labels I have also produced a total of 22 wasted labels that were cut early because for whatever reason the label maker felt that there was a cutter error . Even resting your finger on the cutter can cause a cutter error . What 's REALLY annoying is that the second one occurs , there is no way to just continue what you were doing . No , you have to start from the beginning , redefine the sequential numbering , the number of copies etc.With the PT-1400 , even a simple task can be made difficult . Thank you PT-1400 for making me stay late today printing labels ...
 This machine wastes tape every label . it requires that you manually cut 1/2 inch of tape before each label , and shows a `` cutter error '' that wastes even more tape ! it 's totally annoying already to manually cut but worse that it will cost twice as much for tape to make up for the losses etc. . YUCK NO THANKS . This unit is used at my office , i personally use a p touch desktop model with auto cut . . much much better and no tape wasted .
 I bought this labeler because it has a number pad and I need to make labels with alot of numbers . I did n't realize the number pad would be so hard to reach . This thing is huge . Nine inches tall . It 's hard to reach all of the buttons with out shifting your hands . This makes typing slow . The buttons have a very mushy feel . The code button is in the wrong spot . The letters on the buttons are white and the symbols next to the letters are yellow . This makes the letters hard to distinguish . The letters are n't in a qwerty format . So you 'll have to learn the letter placement if you plan on using it alot . I can only recommend buying this if you 'll be typing nothing but numbers .
 Although this product does make labels ... it also makes labels in thousands of configurations , and designs ... something no normal person should ever need . If you need a label maker for business this will suffice , but its way more than anyone needs for mere label making . I would guess this is the label maker they use at NASA ...
 I bought this label maker so that I can organize my office , home and stable & tack room . It is `` not `` user friendly at all and that is all I can say is that I have become so frustrated getting it to work as it says that it does that I am giving it away and looking for a `` NEW '' one and what a `` BIG '' waste of money !!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS LABELER . I used other p-touch labelers and they are great , but this one is not.Reasons :1 . The device is not intuitive2 . The documentation is hard to follow .3 . It has a scammy tape wasting feature that makes you cut offand waste a 3/4 '' piece of tape before every print job .4 . The display yells at you . All messages on the display arein CAPS with an EXCLAMATION POINT !
 Its a great labeler ... when its working!When its not working -LRB- and that happens a lot ! -RRB- it will give you endless `` Cut Error '' messages and with each message , it will waste your expensive tape.I got a record of 26 `` cut errors '' , and with each message a piece o tape was wasted . I checked the batteries , the label , the position of the labeler , the alignment of the stars ... nothing helped , I guess its just a flawed machine period.If you purchase this labeler , make sure you stock up with tapes ... and patience.My advice
 I would not recommend this product at all . I fax about 20 pages a week . It was fine for about a month , and now it jams nearly every time I try to send a fax , even after a thorough cleaning . It just took me 7 attempts to fax 6 pages .
 The ink cartridge in the machine was completely dried up . This rendered the machine useless for copying , printing , or resceiving faxes . This is the only amazon product I am dissatisfied with . The product is so old , even though it is in good shape , that if you order a new ink cartridge it has set on the shelf for so long it is dried up too.i bought it for all it 's uses so it is a waste of my money . I 'm very dissatisfied whit it . Willie Anderson
 I only own this because my wife owns a business . It gets used once or twice a quarter and is a pain in the butt every time . Eventually it works but if I have any choice in the matter I 'll never own another fax machine.Two issues I 've had recently :1 -RRB- A paper jam with no paper in the machine , anywhere . I not sure what cleared it but the last thing I did was push the stop button repeatedly six or seven times . I did n't want to power it off as there was a fax in memory .2 -RRB- Would n't print the fax in memory , just spun for a while and then said `` add paper '' . There were 10-15 sheets in there but apparently it ca n't reach those . I added another 20 or so and it worked .
 I bought my Sharp Fax UX-B20 online about a year ago . Usually Sharp has a good name so I thought it was a good idea . I use a fax about 5-6 times a year , after about 6 months and only sending my third fax it was usuless . First of all it came with a very small ink cartridge that only printed about 15 sheets of paper before it ran out of ink . The manufacture states that the cartridge prints about 150 sheets of paper . I guess the manufacture does not place a full cartridge in their machines.I also had much trouble sending faxes out . The instructions are difficult to follow and it is n't user friendly . Usually I am quite good at following directions and have worked with various machines for many years . I only wish I used it more before the warranty ran out.To make matters worse the replacement cartridge is almost $ 40 , practally half of what I paid for the fax . I should have replaced the Brothers Fax that I had for many years . I would not recommended this product at all . Poor quality in every aspect of it 's workings .
 I confess I do n't think much of fax machines in general ; they 're painfully antiquated and I do n't have much confidence in my transmissions -- but I 'll try to separate that out from my review.My wife needed a fax for her online retail business -- they 're still a simple fact of life . This was the cheapest I could find given the rebate.I ran out of ink quicker than I expected . There is no power switch and there does n't seem to be a pass-through for the regular phone ; I guess it 's meant for a dedicated line . This necessitates a lot of cable-plugging when it 's time to use it.At one point , after about 5 months , it begun spinning its rollers and complaining of a nonexistent paper jam . After finding that there were no nearby service centers I was going to give up and find a new machine , but I found a FAQ on the Sharp site advising that I turn it on while holding down the Stop and Go keys , which worked .
 This broke after about 20 sheets of paper . The intake does n't work now and I have to hand-feed each sheet very carefully . Even then it only `` takes '' about half the time . It does n't work for incoming because of this either . Total waste of money .
 I purchased the fax machine on the internet for the purpose of making it my personal fax machine for home use . I have internet phone service and it seems that this fax machine does n't do too well in the digital world . Tech support told me that sometimes it will work and sometimes not ! Nowhere in the sales process was I informed about this little problem . Not even in the packaging that came with the machine . Not a happy guy .
 Big disappointment . Unlike previous Panasonic phones that have always been ` slightly ahead of their time ' this phone is difficult to use and there are too many steps involved to make or take a simple phone call . It 's designed as badly as MS software . One of the annoying features is you have to hold the button down for almost 3 seconds to take a call on hold - it 's a mess . Stay away .
 Just to be clear , customer service and tech service are suppose to assist with answers on questions you may have regarding products they carry . So I thought !! I called the 888-888-2087 number to get information on a handset and customer service had no idea how to look up on the part they are selling on Amazon , then he transfers me to tech service , and I explain to him that prior to purchasing a handset they carry , I 'd like to know if it would be compatible with our panasonic answering system I have . He interupts and says how am I suppose to know that ! Unreal , how is he suppose to know that ? well I would assume they sell a product and would be familiar with what they carry . Apparently not .
 I have the 2.4 ghz 4000 version and I love it , but it does buzz sometimes because of my home wireless network , so I thought I 'd try the 5.8 ghz . What a surprise to find it is n't as good . Yes it has some nice features that do work , but over all , it way over priced and flawed . 1 . it 's really hard to get a call off hold once you place them on hold . I never did figure out how to do that . 2 . it 's really difficult to call in to get your messages , knowing what to push , waiting to be told and you better have a lot of patience if you push a wrong button . 3 . it 's supposed to page you when a caller leaves a message . My 4000 pages me with the caller id of the person who left the messages , from the main unit . The hand sets page me with the number of the handset so I know which one the message is on . The new 4500 pages you with a blank page . You do n't even have a way of knowing for sure that it was your phone system that did page you . It dials your pager , then nothing , so I get paged with a blank page , as if someone called my pager and did n't leave a message , or my cell phone with number held . 4 . the pause key does n't work in the paging portion of the phone , so you can enter a number and a pause to wait before continuing to enter numbers . 5 . The worst part of the phone system is Panasonic , I 'm sorry to say . I buy a lot of Panasonic products , but I wo n't be so much in a hurry to buy this name brand . They do not answer emails , I spent hours on the phone only to have the `` techs '' read to me from the manual that I have ... they do n't know the phone . No one bothers to ask or look into anything and after they read to you from the manual , they hang up on you , so you have to start over . I took it back and I went back to using my 4000 , which is many years old -LRB- 5 or 6 -RRB- . When I finally did get responses from Panasonic , via email , I was told that `` that feature does n't work , that feature does n't work , that feature does n't work '' and `` if that feature does n't work , return for replacement '' . I had to go back to my email to see the order in which the questions were being answered ; very impersonal .
 I bought this phone after reading lots of reviews . We had used the ATT 2 line phone and had a good experience , but needed to add more lines to our system . I have been really disappointed and wish I had stuck with ATT 's product . I sound quality on the Panasonic handsets is really not good and one of our handsets drops calls regularly . I would probably return the system entirely if I still had the boxes .
 I am in the process of trying to get a replacement . Line 1 stopped working about 3 weeks ago , so I moved line 1 to line 2 . Last week , line 4 started doing the same thing line 1 did right before it went completely out . Since I have three incoming lines , I have no more lines to substitute . This is my business phone and I need to have something done immediately .
 The description said the phone was totally reconditioned and like new . The buttons do n't work to dial and the button that answers the phone does not work . We will return the phone .
 We already have 4 of these phones . We needed a couple of more for our business . However after just 6 weeks one of the phones is not working anymore.Sending it back is probably useless , since I am sure the warranty is no longer valid . Let alone how much the shipping cost would be.Just a little disappointed that they do n't make things to last anymore .
 Purchased the 3M 2000AG overhead projector and was pleased with its performance and ease of use until the fourth time I used it . The plastic Focus Mechanism Assembly component deformed and crumbled into pieces despite that I limited use to short intervals to avoid extreme heating . Being a teacher and avid user of various display technologies , I know the significance of being cautious with projectors . So unhappy !!!
 WHEN I NOTIFIED MR. SHIRAZ BADRDIN , OWNER OF `` ONIEL 'S '' , THAT THE OVERHEAD PROJECTOR WAS SHIPPED BROKEN , SINCE I DID NOT FIND ANY BROKEN PART IN THE VERY TIGHTLY PACKED BOX , HE HAD A QUICK READY MADE ANSWER FOR ME : `` CALL THE SHIPPER , THEY ARE INSURED '' . I TOLD HIM THAT IF I WILL CALL THEM I WILL THEM , THAT I THINK THAT IT WAS SHIPPED BROKEN , AND THEY SHOULD TNVESTIGATE THE PAST CLAIMS OF `` ONIELS AND MR. SHIRAZ BADARDIN , I WAS TOLD TO SHIP THE PROJECTOR BACK , AND WAS PROMISED , TO BE FULLY CREDITED , ICLUSIVE MY SHIPMENT COST.THE RECIEPT OF $ 25 . WAS INCLUDED IN THE PACAGE . TO-DATE I DID NOT RECIEVE CREDIT FOR ANY.IF THIS IS A METHOD OF GETTING RID OF DAMAGED GOODS , AND/OR GETTING SHIPPERS INSURANCE MONEY , IT SHOULD BE STOPPED !
 I have owned many Panasonic cordless phones so I did n't blink when I forked over $ 400 for this 4 line beauty.You need to know 3 things about this phone .1 My customers tell me my voice fades in and out from the corded base .2 The range on the hand set varies from acceptable to pathetic from the same location .3 The hand set stopped functioning after 13 months .
 We bought this system when it was released . It beeps on your line when a phone call comes in on another line and steps on your conversation having you to ask the person on the other end of line to repeat what they said . After finally being fed up with this design flaw I called for tech support . The unit has been updated to overcome this issue , but they wo n't update the software for you . Also , if you use this system in a business -LRB- who wo n't ? -RRB- you have to send yours in first and wait 7-10 days . Phone support is horrid .
 PANKXTG4500B Phone System , 5.8 GHz , 4-Line , w / CID , Expandable , BlackPeople ca n't hear me when I am on cordless extension.On hold music sounds horrbible when you record your outgoing digital production.Very complicated to forward calls to autoanswer for a front desk person.Panasonic technical service is very bad , and uneducated .
 After the last Panasonic 4-line debacle ... 1 key failes in 6 months on ALL handsets YIKES ! and with not having a lot of other choices on the market we were forced to buy the new edition of the Panasonic Phone . How bad could it be , we figured . They have to have figured out how to build a decent handset buy now . Well , the handset is probably ok , but when we took it 20 feet from the base we lost signa1 . WHAT !!? Called Panasonic and of course customer service probably had never seen the phone suggested to unplug the battery ... For Heaven 's Sake . Hang up , call back , next person educates me that 5.8 Ghz just means clearer signal , but range is shorter . WTF ??! We immediately boxed this PIECE OF JUNK up and sent it back !! Do yourself a favor , buy from a different manufacturer !
 Unless you like to hear `` We must have a bad connection , I can barely hear you '' , do n't buy this system . The problem is worse from the handsets , and there is no adjustment.I send the whole system in for repair , and the replacements do the exact same thing . FYI , this is not a problem with my line - any other phone works fine.I regret spending so much on a bad product .
 We also had the 4000 series and , except for the `` 1-button '' problem , had relatively few issues . We decided to `` upgrade '' to the 4500 series and are very disappointed in the system . Frankly , we do n't need all the bells and whistles it provides but the 4-line wireless system fits us just about perfectly . As others have complained , we have problems with our customers hearing us on all 8 handsets and all 4 lines . Panasonic 's `` fix '' was to pull the battery , push every button on the handset , then re-register it with the base . WTF = that = does , we sure do n't know but it certainly did n't fix the problem . The 4500 also has about 1/3 to 1/2 the range of the 4000 , which is a problem when you 're trying to track someone down who 's outside the immediate environs of the base unit . Also , the brilliant designer who thought it was a good idea to put the OFF button next to the HOLD button ought to be b-tch-slapped for an idiot . Other than these , we really have no complaints about the system and its ease of use , but when you lose sales because the customer simply ca n't hear you , you know you 've got problems . I guess we were smart in that the 4000 system is sitting in a box on a shelf in the storage room and we 're about ready to scrap the 4500 and put the 4000 system back in place.Lyle KnoxFeelGoodWatches.com
 I work from home and need a good 3-line phone for the house . After using the previous generation 4000 for about five years and experiencing the -LRB- apparently typical -RRB- problems with # 1 and general quality , I decided to spring for the new version.I was excited about new features like mute -LRB- surprisingly absent from the 4000 -RRB- and speaker phone on the handsets , and figured the newer version would fix some of the general quality issues I had with the 4000 . All I can say is that this phone is a piece of junk . It is cheap , poorly constructed , and does n't feel at all like a commercial-grade or even high-quality consumer product . Speaker phone is horrible , range is poor , call quality is bad from the base unit or handsets . Almost every conversation I have , at some point the other party asks me to speak up , or could n't hear me or whatever.I 'm returning this phone immediately and trying the RCA product , which has gotten some bad reviews also . If that does n't work , I do n't know where to turn .
 Fine product , works as designed ... Died after 26 months - April 2007 - June 2009 RIPTragically short lifespan . Symptoms , phone lights would flash and one could not receive calls . Resetting phone periodically worked for a few weeks , and one day , sob , it could not be revived !
 I 'm a fool and I 've purchased two of these in less than 2 years because I did not want to go through the setup of a new phone system . Well that 's what I 'm doing now.My second Panasonic system has the same exact nothing screen and will not reset , it 's dead and so is the Pansonic home brand in my mind.Please do n't buy this phone , I 'll update when I find my replacement .
 Really liked a lot of the features , especially the ability to use four lines and being able to have a headset and speakerphone on any unit , but the sound quality is deplorable . You have to put your lips right against the tiny holes in the mouthpiece for people to hear you and you are still terribly muffled . My customers are constantly asking me to repeat myself . Not good for business . And it 's awfully expensive for a product this poor .
 Amazon , Thank you for allowing a `` truthful '' review ! I can not honestly provide a review , because theItem being reviewed : Panasonic 5.8 Ghz 4-Line FHSS Expandable Cordless Phone System with Call Waiting Caller Id and Answering System -LRB- KX-TG4500B -- has not worked in my office environment from - the day I unpacked it . OK , that does Not mean it 's a bad product in an open environment ! I already know that my building is a tough situation for wireless devices ; i.e. concrete walls and lot 's of steel structure ; but I expected the 5.8 Ghz signal to travel better than it does ?! Plus , I have been trying to find a `` signal repeater '' -LRB- added expense -RRB- to mount throughout my facility , which would `` relay '' the phone signal , and Panasonic does NOT offer this device , and no other electronic supplier that I can find makes this `` repeater '' . So , my opinion has to be , No Good ! because of the lack of product support from Panasonic .
 We had to search for a replacement phone system when we had to add a third line to our home-office . We were replacing a Panasonic that had been as great as the Panasonic before that , so why would n't I have opted for yet another ? This system had every feature I needed and more . Unfortunately , it 's not self-explanatory and -LRB- someone has -RRB- misplaced the instruction booklet that must have come with it . Pretty confusing ; but my main disappointment is that many people tell me they ca n't hear me very well . I 've had the phone company out twice -LRB- we had switched providers at the same time that we added a 3rd line and this phone -RRB- and they have just determined that it 's the phone itself -- especially weak is the accompanying handset with or without the use of the headset that I also ordered -LRB- separately -RRB- . If I can get the company to replace this additional handset , it may work just fine . I sure hope so as I will eventually learn how to operate the many functions available and then life will be perfect .
 Disaster . Supposed to work in conjunction with cordless phone extensions but WILL NOT work with other desk phones ! It ONLY works with cordless phones . I wanted a desktop phone on every desk with the cordless as a convenient extra feature but now every office is stuck using only the very clumsy cordless handset . We were not informed of this until after we purchased and installed the phones . No mention of the hold ` music ' in the manual . This product is a mess . STAY AWAY . Get a real phone system .
 We have been using the Panasonic 4 - line wireless phone system to run our home businesses for over 5 years . The original KX-TG4000 -- 2.4 ghz system worked really well . The problem however was that our wireless router created an audible interference , static in the cordless units.So we `` Upgraded '' to the new Panasonic KX-TG4500 - 5.8 Ghz system . The new frequency works well with NO interference no static with our wireless router . The audio signal is quiet and static free on the cordless units.The answering machine on this upgraded unit is terrible . It cuts off voice mail messages of callers . Typically it cuts off the last second or two of the phone message while they are leaving a phone number . After two replacement machines , a dozen support calls , and numerous attempts at resetting the VOX SENSITIVITY , and the AUTO DISCONNECT settings -LRB- settings which are totally hidden and buried if it was n't for support telling me where these settings were , I would not even know about them . -RRB- I am giving up , resigning myself to living with a piece of S # % * phone machine that cuts off messages . I will buy a new one , a different brand as soon as I can find one.I would NOT recommend for anyone to buy this phone system . For the $ 1000 we have invested in the system for our home office , I am certain there is a better product out there . But it is not the Panasonic KX-TG4500 nor the cordless units KX-TGA450 . Stay away from this one .
 I had high hopes for this phone . I needed a 3 line phone , voice mail , etc. and I wanted a speakerphone in each handset . I thought this was the one . WRONG!I ca n't believe after all these years since the last 4 line phone , this is all they could come up with!PROBLEMS :1 . You ca n't adjust ringer volume per line on the base unit . All 4 lines have the same volume . What if you did n't want to hear lines 3 & 4 ring ? Nope .2 . If someone picks up line 2 for example from a different phone in the house , you can not pick it up too on the base . It says `` BUSY '' .3 . The answering machine ` RECORDS ' hang ups . I 've never had a panasonic machine do this . You get all these ` false ' messages that are just hangups , etc. 4 . Everytime you check your messages remotely -LRB- from outside the house -RRB- , you have to acknowledge
 Bought the KX-TGA4500 system to replace my 10-year old KX-TGA4000 system . I really liked the TGA4000 and the setup/features on the TGA4500 were very similar and I was pleased ... . until I made a call.The sound volume , on both ends of the call , is far too low ; and the party on the other end of the call complains of the sound being `` Muffled . `` I called Panasonic and the tech took me through all the standard troubleshooting , but in the end , resolved the volume is just poor.I returned the Panasonic KX-TGA4500 and bought an AT&T ; SB67138 system and really like it . Cost was comparable.Hard to believe that Panasonic has been selling this system for a few years now and have n't addressed this issue . I did get the tech from Panasonic to admit that complaints about volume are commonplace for the KX-TGA4500 .
 My company has had the KS-TG4500B telephone for three years . Recently the caller id stopped working . That 's when I found out how bad their customer repair service was .1 . Trying to get a live person via their interactive phone system is horrible . Unless you know the magic word , the system will guess incorrectly what you want . You say `` Telephone Repair '' . The system wants you to say `` Tech Support '' But , the system does not tell you that . I had to guess , after trying a number of times .2 . The system will tell you that service is not available at this time or that no operator is available . You must hang up and start the process all over again .3 . When you get the level one tech support person , who is in the Phillipines , -LRB- or somewhere else -RRB- they keep asking the same stupid questions over and over again . They then repeat your answers back to you . Questions like `` Have you checked the telephone line cord ? '' If the line cord were bad , how would I be able to talk to you ? `` Do you have Caller ID service from the telephone company ? '' IF I did n't , why has it worked for three years ? These are just two examples .4 . Because we are a business , I asked for a remanufactured unit to be sent out via UPS next day delivery . There is a $ 40 charge for this . I was told that the unit would ship out the next day . I would also receive an email with the UPS tracking number . That was on Tuesday . This is Thursday . So far NO email and NO telephone.Today , I again fought with their voice mail system to get a live -LRB- ? -RRB- person . Same stupid questions , this time about the case number . Because tomorrow , Friday , is a Holiday -LRB- New Years Eve -RRB- their warrenty repair center in McAllen , TX will be closed.I was then told to call back on Monday . So much for paying $ 40 for overnight shipping . Also this is the only way they ship . We 'll see if I ever receive a unit and if it works .
 The Panasonic phone system would be great if people could only hear us when we or they call . We have to shout to be heard . This system is all but worthless as is .
 We 've used a single line 5.8 GHz Panasonic for years and it 's quiet . No background noise , but our new 4-line Panasonic is horrible . On the base unit handset , speaker phone or extension unit there is a constant high pitched whine along with other people talking . You can not make out what they are saying but they sound like an off-frequency short wave broadcast . We have followed all of Panasonic 's recommended fixes and nothing works . It 's still there . Now they have suggested I send it to their service center and they 'll send me a reconditioned unit in 7-10 business days . I did n't just pay hundreds of dollars to get a `` reconditioned '' used phone ... and just how am I supposed to conduct my business for those `` 7 - 10 business days '' ? The audio quality of the voice mail and answering machine outgoing messages is excellent . So why ca n't the music on hold record with the same clairity ? Both the pre-recorded music on hold and anything we load into the music-on-hold system sounds horrible . Very low fidelity and distorted . Do n't think you can use your professional voice over hold messages with this system . It 's actually less painful for your callers if you just turn the music-on-hold off.Very disappointed with this and I 've been a fan of Panasonic products for decades .
 I replaced the previous version with this model in December - Since then 9 handsets have failed and had to be returned to Panasonic for repair . This is absolutely one of the worst phone systems I have ever had .
 The `` 1 '' button will break ... . It will.I had this system -LRB- now replaced with another brand -RRB- and 3 other small business owners I know had this system and ALL of us experienced the `` 1 '' button failing.When I contacted Panasonic , they responded as if I should expect their product to fail after the 1 year warranty expired , and I should plan to replace it . They have no plans to resolve the problem on future production and no plans for recall.They had NO PRIDE at all , and no concern about quality or brand loyalty.At first , I replaced the 2 handsets that failed at my expense , and a brand new on they sent me failed immediately , after a month of playing their game `` trouble shooting '' they finally agreed to allow me to send it back for repair or replacement.During the few weeks it took to get a replacement that soon also failed , my business lacked a phone and we had to share handsets . This resulted in callers being on hold longer than desirable and some lost callers and therefore , lost business.I finally had to cut my losses and purchase a whole new system from another manufacturer.If you care about your customers and your business more than Panasonic does , you will pass on this waste of time .
 My company purchased this phone/answering system to use for all of our incoming phone calls and messages . We learned very quickly that the answering system cuts off EVERY single one of our messages . We 've lost an estimated $ 600,000 in revenue because the machine cut off the phone numbers of clients who were leaving us a message . When we called Panasonic they were rude to us and even though they FULLY ADMITTED that the answering system is inferior , they would not refund the phone . They just offered us another phone and said `` hopefully the messaging system will work on this one . '' I 've never been so disgusted with a product or company .
 I bought his system about six months ago and I 've had to replace it already . During the time I had it , it operated average at best . The sound quality is terrible . I found I had to yell for people to hear me speak . It has nice features but it the basics do n't work all the features do n't mean anything.Pass this by .
 I am on the phone a lot . I was afraid of buying a Panasonic due to my perceptions about mass production , low cost quality.I was right to be afraid . I can not keep the phone . People ca n't hear me well on speaker nor on the handset . I have to struggle to hear them . The phone is very light and plastic . Music on hold is nice however . The rest is going back to amazon .
 I spent the extra money because I wanted the office style handset with a portable to carry when I moved about the office.Always had battery problems . Not the quality I would have expected from Panasonic .
 I had this phone for less than 2 years and one day the dial tone just went dead . The manufacturer said that it would cost more to fix it than to replace it . I 'm totally unimpressed with this over priced phone .
 Just spent almost $ 600 for this Panasonic phone and 3 hand sets . I have 3 business lines and my objective was to do the following.1-When someone calls , auto attendant answers the phone . Then customer have TWO CHOICES . Press 1 to directions and store hours and Press 2 for sales and tech support . When you press 2 then I want all the phones to ring so anyone in the staff can answer.This phone CAN NOT do exactly what as I asked above . My tech person spoke to the tech support and learned . This is what it will do.When someone calls , Auto attendant will answer the phone then the customer has to press the # key with 1 or 2 or 3 and it will RING ONLY IN ONE HAND SET OF 1,2 OR 3 . If customer pressed 0 with # then it will ring ONLY THE BASE . . YOU CAN NOT JUST PRESS 1 OR 2 . YOU HAVE TO PRESS # IN ADDITION . Since we have a small business and the base it not that loud so we will have to spend more money in gadgets to amplify the ringer or bypass the auto attendant to ring all hand sets which defeats the purpose of spending so much money . The good thing I like about it is music or information on hold .
 I purchased 12 of these units for my office and have had constant trouble with them . The customer service help number is worthless and do n't see any option except looking for another phone system . The phones intercoms do n't work and the sound quality is poor due to too much background noise picked up through the mouthpiece . Placing the caller on hold and transferring to another phone sometimes locks the phone line . These phones might be fine as stand alone but do n't buy for multiple phone setup which they were supposedly designed for .
 I bought this phone 2 years ago and I would recommend you to look elsewhere.The features are very slow to respond and I keep losing the date and time settings very frequently . Until now , I did not have options for other phones and I stuck to this.Now , I will buy a 5.8 GHz cordless expandable phone system . They have pretty good reviews .
 It is almost impossible to understand messages left on this piece of junk . I bought this a couple of months ago and just installed it a couple of days ago . Now I wish that I had saved all the purchase documents so I could return it . Oh well , live an learn . Now I 'm off to find a simple machine with a tape that I know will do the job properly .
 The batteries that came with the phone were dead . I had to purchase new ones . The base -LRB- charger -RRB- does not work at all . The phone itself is inworking condition . The seller offered to reimburse me for batteries only.I will keep phone because I do have another charger in my home . But Iam disappointed overall .
 I purchased this handset to go with my base unit in Aug 2007 . A month later , it was dead -LRB- blank screen as described in other reviews -RRB- . I returned it for a replacement and that one died less than a week later . I 'm on my third one now and hoping it will last a long time . I 've owned the base unit and its color handset for almost 3 years with no problems and I do like the phones.The handset gets a low rating because of reliability , but Amazon and the dealer get a high rating for service and ease of product exchange .
 The menu background is a dark green which makes it difficult to read . There is lighting above but not below , almost appears to be an error in manufacturing , they forgot the bottom lights ! Also , they should have forgotten the images , not very creative .
 I am very unhappy with my product . The BATTERIES fail after only a few weeks .
 Here 's the trick
 I purchased this phone at the end of July and in early October it died . Stone cold dead . In the middle of a phone call . It 's too late to return it to Amazon and I 'm not optimistic about getting a replacement from AT&T .
 I initially purchased 3 phones , all worked fine for just over a year . I just began having problems with one phone , which brings me here to Amazon to search for another . Interestingly enough , I see another reviewer had the exact same problem I have ... The phone just randomly shuts off . I can remove and replace the batteries and it will work fine for an hour , a day , or 5 minutes . Phone has only been adult handled , never dropped , etc. . . Up until this point , I would have given these phones 4.5 stars ... but I can not recommend anything which has a history of failure . Instead of replacing the phone , I am now replacing the entire system -LRB- answering machine and three phones -RRB- and AT&T ; -LRB- Vtech is the actual manufacturer of the phone , but AT&T ; branded -RRB- will not have any future business .
 The item description clearly stated that an AC Adapter was included . I did not receive an AC Adapter and had to buy a universal at Radio Shack for $ 20.00 . Regards , Mike Trips
 After two days the color display failed . The display looked like an old film with vertical lines and no color.The inability to share phone books also was a BIG drawback . I think I would have tolerated that , if the display did not fail . For the price , I expect quality and features . Not getting quality , is unacceptable at this price range . I learned that AT&T ; really do n't make these phones , VTech does.The Handset on this and the base unit E5965C do not fit the face well.Consumer Reports rated these phones high , but after using them for a week , I was really disappointed and returned the set for a refund.I am now considering the Panasonic KX-TG5776S .
 Purchased this phone in August , base and one extra phone . It is now November 16th and I have calls cut out with no notice repeatedly . Calls to customer service are not helpful . I was once even told to make sure the cord from wall to phone was straight or that would cause the cordless to cut out and the customer service goes down from there . The base phone is already not working and new batteries have not helped . Phone itself began getting hot ! I have never placed a review , but felt this was so bad that it needs to be known .
 The handsets -LRB- two of them -RRB- I purchased would not charge . Apparently the batteries were faulty . I did read this in other reviews as a problem , but wrongly I assumed it was just a fluke . AT&T seems to have a quality control problem . I sent them back and purchased a Motorola product which has worked wonderfully from the start . I do not recommend the AT & T handsets nor the base phone that goes with it . The base phone I ordered had a different model number on the phone itself than was on the outside box . The inside model number was not the one I ordered . Again , quality control problems .
 I have three of these in my house - all bought in September of 2006 . One of these was replaced within the first year and the replacement does n't work at all now . I swapped out batteries from a phone that does work so I know that it is not a problem with the batteries . Another phone now has so much static when in use that it is untolerable to listen or talk using that phone . The third phone works great for a minute or two and then it just goes dead . Initially I was very positive about these phones , but now I have nothing but a bunch of crappy phones that cost me several hundred of dollars . It 's ironic that they all seemed to have problems shortly after the one-year manufacturer 's warranty expired . If you risk buying any of these handsets , the extended warranty might actually make sense since the product has such poor quality .
 the pen I received does not like a brand-new pen , it had some light scratches and was not as shinning as I expected . also , the upper part and the lower part of the pen do not connect tightly , I have to push them to eliminate the gap.While these are still acceptable as least it is branded as a cross pen . But after the 10th month I owned this pen -LRB- From Oct 5 , 2009 to Aug 28 , 2010 -RRB- , I really question if this is a REAL cross pen . The small top cap right above the text ` CROSS ' just dropped off from the pen , luckily it happened in my home so I can find it anyway.I have more than 5 cross pens for daily usage , and this one has not been used very often from day one . how come the structure of this pen is so fragile !! Is this a REAL cross pen ????? Bottom line
 Ok , I bought this unit based on the reviews posted here.Maybe I got a bad unit but I tend to doubt itas most of the flaws seem inherent to the design.Anyway here goes : The Good :1 Nice looking unit , well laid out . The handset is a good size and feels solid in your hand.That 's about it folks ... The Bad :1 The color screen is so cheesy it is almost embarressing2 The menu driven setup on the handset is easy to read and follow but is not intuitive at all and makes you take extra -LRB- to me -RRB- steps to get where you want to be .3 The handset has a sporatic but very annoying echo , does not seem to matter where you are in relation to the base either .4 Callers sounded muffled and hard to understand .5 The answering machine is absolutely terrible , from the tone and volume of the greeting -LRB- Sounds like you are talking through a scarf or something , has to be the mic . -RRB- to the quality of the incoming messages . -LRB- Extremely rough and low pitched . -RRB- All in all one of the worst cordless phones I have ever tried out . No matter what settings I used I could not get it to achieve even a functional sound quality let alone a decent one.I have already returned it and picked up a Panasonic KX-TG5571M . I 'll post a review on it after I have had it a couple of more days . -LRB- I can tell you right now it 's going to score a 4 + though . -RRB-
 I bought this phone based on the Consumer Reports review and the largely positive on-line reviews here . I also bought three additional handsets . This phone system is awful . The range is terrible ; anything over 20 feet gets static and occasional dropped calls . The battery life is awful , you can only get about 1 day of battery life and that 's if you 're not using it , so basically you have to keep it on the charger . I only bought this a few months ago , and already one of the handsets has died completely . Minor problems are
 I loved this phone when I first got it but about a year later the problems started to crop up . We have the main base station and an extra handset and charger . The LCD on one of the handsets no longer lights up and as a result the characters are so dark that it 's hard to see the caller id or to choose an entry from the phone book 's memory . Now the second handset has a broken 0 zero ; we can no longer anyone in our local area codes -LRB- 703 , 301 and 202 -RRB- . This past week we had an electrical storm and an extended power outage . Ever since the power was returned both handsets has a lot of white noise when you are making calls but when I use my OLD corded phone on the same phone jack and rj-11 cable , the corded phone is very clear . Now I want to throw both of them directly in the TRASH !
 I invested in this phone set 2 years ago . At first they worked fine , but after signing up for DSL I started having trouble - lots of trouble.At times when talking on the phone all of a sudden I ca n't hear the person on the other end . Sometimes I get a high pitched squeal in the phone . Other times I hear steady clicking . I have the DSL filters installed on all outlets and I have had the phone company test the lines . There are so many problems with these phones I ca n't even name them all.I have a Uniden 5.8 Ghz phone that works perfectly and I 've had that phone for 3 to 4 years , if not more . I used to trust AT&T ; , but I 'll never buy another AT&T ; phone again.Please , do n't waste your money !
 We 've owned this phone for over two years , and have continuously had the problem of the handset not charging when in the base . We actually sent the first unit back to Amazon , when this first started happening , and got a replacement ... same problem . I 've tried replacing the rechargeable batteries ... same problem . Just bought a new Panasonic DECT set from Costco , so the AT&T is going in the trash -LRB- where it should have gone long ago -RRB- . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I do n't understand why this said no reviews when I reviewed it in June , 2006 & this is what I said.For the first week , this was a great phone . We loved it so much , that we ordered another handset . The 2nd week we had it , the very day the new expandable handset came , I pick up this phone , the the main button would not work , and the bottom row buttons would not work . I called AT&T ; , she said to clean with a soft cloth -LRB- did not work -RRB- . If that did not work to send to Amazon for replacement or refund . I 'm getting a refund on both , I 'm not paying $ 170 + for a phone + the extra handset that works for 2 weeks , even if this was only a lemon . Oh yes , I 'm still stuck with $ 15 worth of batteries . If I could , It would be `` 0 STARS `` I 've order a Panasonic , which my cousin told me to get in the first place . I order from Amazon . So I hope not difficulties in getting my refund . I 've never had any problems with Amazon .
 This would be a great phone if it worked all the time . I had to return the phone within 1 day because the handset was defective . Amazon was very helpful and prompt with a response . However the handset would periodically quit working and required that the batteries be removed and reinserted to make it operational . After 2 months the handset died completely . AT&T will replace the handset under warranty , but it could take up to 3 weeks to get the replacement .
 After two days the color display failed . The display looked like an old film with vertical lines and no color.The inability to share phone books also was a BIG drawback . I think I would have tolerated that , if the display did not fail . For the price , I expect quality and features . Not getting quality , is unacceptable at this price range . I learned that AT&T ; really do n't make these phones , VTech does.The Handset on this and the base unit E5965C do not fit the face well.Consumer Reports rated these phones high , but after using them for a week , I was really disappointed and returned the set for a refund.I am now considering the Panasonic KX-TG5776S
 The product is unsatisfactory . It never seems to be charged properly . I have purchased new batteries . The transmission is so weak , I have trouble making phone calls . If you had a 0 category , I would give it that rating . I probably will have to purchase a new phone , but not over the internet .
 I purchased this phone based on it 's good review at Consumer Reports , what a mistake ! The sound quality was fine but the human factors/user interface was terrible , especially for a $ 270 phone -LRB- base + one phone -RRB- . < ul > < li > Each phone has a separate phone book which can not be sync 'd to the other phones . < li > The answering machine is not integrated with rest of the phone . One example is the volume controls both the answer machine and the base speaker phone , the two are not calibrated , if you switch between using the base speaker phone and the answering machine you need to adjust the volume each time . < li > Handset interface is not very good , the color screen servers no purpose . I really noticed how bad it was once I purchased Panasonic TG5433M . < / ul > Do yourself a favor and get a Panasonic TG5433M instead , for the price of the base unit you get three phones which much better features .
 This is the second 5.8 we purchased and returned . It disconnects our wireless internet when the phone is in use . We have to turn the computer off and reboot to get it back once the call has ended . Funny , the label states this was developed just for wireless connections . We tried the Panasonic KX-TG5240M first which I commented on too.The sound quality seemed to be good and battery life okay , just kills the internet ... Really liked some of the features , but was a little complicated to program . You only have to do that once , though . So , if you are not worried about the wireles internet and can work your way through the first programing , this might be a good choice.We are on our third brand , Radio Shack 's 5.8 . Funny , it cost a LOT less and so far no problems .
 After weeks of problems with the handsets , I purchased two more new handsets only to find that I could would still receive a terrible signal . 4 of my 5 handsets had the same problem . Thinking it was a quality control issue with the handset I called cust . service , but they were of minimal help . I decided to swap out the base and sure enought that was the problem .
 I did my research before I bought this phone and I am very dissappointed . First of all , I 've had this phone for 2 months and the battery crapped out on me . I tried all the troubleshooting tips on the website -LRB- telephones.att.com -RRB- and it 's pretty much a dead battery . I 've emailed customer support to send me a replacement battery . DENIED . My co-worker had this same problem with a Panasonic cordless phone . And that phone was 8 months old . He called Panasonic and they sent him a new battery with ease . Therefore , I am very upset with AT&T Customer Service and with the phone itself . I should 've went with another brand .
 It 's just an okay phone , nothing special except the looks . Low battery life , voice quality on the answering machine is low also . unlike other expandable phones , this one can not tranfer info from phone to phone , so if a friend called you and you needed their number to return the call later , you have to find the phone they called in on to find the right call log , I have 3 , I feel sorry for anyone that has more . The phone itself has good range and voice quality and speakerphone , for that I give it 2 stars
 For the first week , this was a great phone . We loved it so much , that we ordered another handset . The 2nd week we had it , the very day the new expandable handset came , I pick up this phone , the the main button would not work , and the bottom row buttons would not work . I called AT&T ; , she said to clean with a soft cloth -LRB- did not work -RRB- . If that did not work to send to Amazon for replacement or refund . I 'm getting a refund on both , I 'm not paying $ 170 + for a phone + the extra handset that works for 2 weeks , even if this was only a lemon . Oh yes , I 'm still stuck with $ 15 worth of batteries . If I could , It would be `` 0 STARS `` I 've order a Panasonic , which my cousin told me to get in the first place . I order from Amazon . So I hope not difficulties in getting my refund . I 've never had any problems with Amazon .
 After reading and researching all the best 5.8 gig phones , this was phone of choice . Even Consumer Reports had good things to say . However , the phone is apparently very sensitive to interference because I have been unable to leave the base station phone on the base during the day . If I do , the phone just rings funny and never picks up . The phone says that it ca n't locate the base . When this happens , all the remote phones are rendered useless until I can sprint across the house and down the stairs to the base station in the kitchen and get the phone off the base . Even then , it still takes 30 sec . or so for the phone to reconnect with the base . I spoke with AT&T and they were useless other than telling me that they thought that it was probably interference from something in the kitchen . Their customer service agents are most likely located overseas based on the fact they speak very poor English and are hard to understand . . I went through several agents and several calls to their Customer call center , never having ant success . Amazon was great and sent me a new Base Station no questions asked , but sadly the problem still exists . The phone is full of nice features but what good are they if I am constantly trying to remember to only charge the phone late at night when friends will not be calling . I will say that if I was n't having the above problems , I would probably like the phones . The clarity is great and the caller ID announcement feature is very nice . Buyers beware !
 I 'll have to return this phone . I 'm truly disappointed as well since this phone was excellent , except for one gigantic oversight by the engineers . When the Caller ID displays and stores the numbers , it leaves out the `` 1 '' in front of the area code . So whenever you dial someone directly from the Caller ID , which most people with CID do several times per day , you have to manually add the `` 1 '' by going through a two-step process from the handset , or a three-step process from the base ! You ca n't set it to do that as the default !! Even my 4 year-old Panasonic could do that . And of course the same goes for when you add numbers directly from the CID to the phone book . Instead of being able to add the number in one easy push of a button , you have to manually edit the number in order to add the 1 in front of it.I specifically buy the top-of-the-line in phones so that I 'm not short of any features . That , of course , is the only real difference between phones in a particular line . They just subtract one or more features in order to offer other models at lower and lower prices . This method did n't work for me in this case , as even the top model was short an important feature.The only other lacking feature worth mentioning , which would n't alone have been a deal breaker , is that it does n't have a call timer .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED !! I have a very small apartment -LRB- 960 sq. ft -RRB- and if I take the phone 4 feet from the base it cuts out . The second phone has to practically be next to the base to function .
 For prospective buyers
 I bought this phone because of the wireless internet . My 2.4 ghz always would kick us off of the internet . Well the AT&T fixed that problem but created a new one . I could n't wait to use this phone but was dissappointed because of the fuzz in the back ground . I tried everything in the book . The fuzz will come and go and it does not matter if you stand by the base or not . AT&T said the phone must be defective but I returning it and getting a refund because after seeing reviews on many 5.8 . Fuzz seems to be a big problem . I think I will stick with 2.4 and keep my $ $ $ $ in my pocket .
 I do not own this wireless phonebut I was checking the replacement of Vtech , which has a lot of static , and the voicemail records without any reasonwhen I check this model , I found this phone is running on both 2.4 and 5.8 GHz -LRB- same as Vtech -RRB- wireless owners , pls think twice before buying this unit
 Here 's the story
 I 've given this phone more than a fair trial . I 've purchased this and 5850 phones three times . -LRB- The 5850 has an answering machine but identical handsets . -RRB- All of their identical handsets have malfunctioned immediately or eventually . The first time one of the screens lost contrast and became unreadable . The last two times the handset became inoperable after being left off of the cradle for several hours . None of the buttons would respond until the phone was recradled for a moment . -LRB- This would happen even after the batteries were fully charged . -RRB- I returned the first two for refunds , but the third time I sent a message to VTech 's online `` support . '' Their email response was
 The phone works ok -LRB- good reception , etc. -RRB- , but my battery died after less than a year . I tried their website for a replacement , but the wrong type is shown for this particular model . So , I tried phoning customer support ... BIG mistake.The company uses a really difficult voice-mail system . Like everyone , I 've experienced a few of these in my day , but this is THE WORST - trust me . To make a long story short , I was able to purchase a battery replacement after about 45 minutes of pressing buttons -LRB- and waiting on hold -RRB- . When I tried to contact a supervisor to vent my frustration -LRB- nicely -RRB- , I was put on hold for 30 minutes . After hanging up and phoning back -LRB- their main corporate headquarters -RRB- I discovered that it 's absolutely impossible to speak to anyone in person - you have to leave a message and wait for a call-back the following day.Hard to believe a corporation of their size wo n't pay for an operator to be there for a customer as a last resort ... I realize that in this day and age every company needs to cut costs to remain competitive . But , this should never come at the expense of the customer needing support - there 's no better way to lose loyalty than to frustrate someone who is already experiencing difficulty . If I had to do it over again , I 'd think twice before buying one of their products . I give them 3 + stars for the phone , but a big zero for customer support .
 Lots of problems . The worst cordless phone I have ever owned . Probably the worst phone I have ever owned . Possibly the worst household appliance I have ever owned . Bad design , implementation , construction , and support.I kept my Vtech ip5825 despite the problems lots of folks have reported with battery recharging and 2.4 interference . I want to let people know about all the OTHER problems this terrible phone has . Only one of my two handsets had recharging problems . It was also the handset that was physically hot to the touch when recharging .1 -RRB- The hot recharging problem is actually noted on the Vtech WebSite FAQs , but with no information as to what to do about it . This is inexcusable . The problem is so common that it is on a FAQ ! If the solution is to send it in for a replacement , Vtech should say so . Bad Web support .2 -RRB- The belt clip is nice , but Heaven help you if it breaks . Vtech does not sell a replacement , at any price . If you need the belt clip , you can end up with a useless phone for the lack of what should be a 50 cent piece of plastic . Bad sales support .3 -RRB- The volume control buttons are prominent and on the side . Very easy to adjust , particularly by accident when you are grabbing the phone . Bad design .4 -RRB- The menu system is very clumsy . There are no menu shortcuts . It took a sequence of seven button pushes , watching the screen as I scrolled , in order to mute the ringer when I went to sleep .5 -RRB- Muting the ringer also mutes the locator . If the ringer is off , you can lose the handset and the locator wo n't help you find it . Horribly bad implementation .6 -RRB- When dropped , the battery cover often pops off . Poor construction .7 -RRB- The phone book only holds 50 numbers , which is a lot less than it sounds like .8 -RRB- Editing the phone book is not intuitive . I had to recheck the manual every time for the first few months . Adding numbers from the re-dial list was confusing even * with * the manual .9 -RRB- Editing telephone numbers is nearly impossible . If you need to add a `` one '' in front of a phone number to dial long-distance , you have to delete the entire number and then re-type it ! 10 -RRB- After a year or so , the phone developed so much static that it became unusable . Other folks could hear me , but I could n't hear them at all . That 's when I gave up.This many different types of problems in just one product strongly suggests that Vtech is a terribly managed company . I will not buy Vtech again and I am recommending to my friends and family that they do n't either .
 The extra handset has had the same problem that I see reported in numerous other reviews of this product . You have to remove one battery , replace it , and then the handset may work for a few days or as little as a few hours . I called VTECh and they said to replace the batteries . They must be aware of this problem and yet they were dishonest . I replaced the batteries with nickel hydride and I get the same problem . So now I am out the price of the batteries -LRB- around $ 15 -RRB- because VTECH was not forthcoming . I will never purchase a VTECH phone again !!!!!!
 Add me to the seemingly endless list of complaints about the battery charging system in this unit . I have the same problem as everyone else.An additional note
 This VTech phone is not a good buy in the long run . There are some rave reviews onlines for this phone , but the battery problem starts in first few months . Messages like `` CHECK BATTERY '' , `` PLACE IN CHARGER '' etc start displaying even though you have placed the phone in charger for more than 8hrs . The call center representative told me get a new battery , as though I did n't know that answer.Will never buy VTech products . Bye bye VTech.regards , Shailesh
 Last month , after about 3 months of ownership , the Vtech phones broke down . It seems that it would not hang up the line after a call , which caused my line to go dead after making or receiving a call . I would have to unplug the phone jack and plug it in again to get a dial tone , which of course lasted for one call in or out . I called customer service and after a long time on the phone getting though , and finally having to convince the tech that none of buttons were stuck , did they agree to replace the phones . I had to return the phones , at my expense , with all its parts and about 2-3 weeks later I received a pair of refurbished phones , not new ones . The phones came with parts missing such as wall mounts and belt clips , etc but at least they worked . After another two calls and two separate shipments from Hong Kong I finally got all the parts back but it really did n't seem worth all the time I had to invest.The battery pack gets very warm , even after charging for days . So , judging from what others have been saying about battery failure , I do n't hold out much hope for them in the long run . If anything happens again I 'll just dump them and go back to Panasonic , which I still have after 5 years of trouble free service , and had to put back in service while waiting for the replacement Vtech phones . The best I can say is that Vtech half heartily honored their guarantee but they really put me through the mill getting the refurbished replacement . I do not recommend this phone . *************************** Update as of 08/25/2006 ************** I have been using my refurbished phones for maybe a month and now the batteries are failing after very little use . I am not going through the ordeal of contacting Vtech customer service -LRB- a misnomer -RRB- again . If I could I would change my rating to 1 star .
 Just like a lot of other users , after 1 year of good services , one of the phone wo n't charge anymore . The message `` check battery '' is displayed . How many users will have to contact VTech before they actually act on this reccurent problem ????
 After about two months both units started displaying the now infamous Vtech battery error message . We discovered , like a lot of other reviewers , that if you move the batteries , or take the batteries out of the phone it will cause the phone to work properly for a day or two . Who really wants to do that ? `` Honey , did you remember to take the batteries out of the phone and put them back in so we can use it again ? `` Also , the phones , bases , and AC adapters , get very hot charging.I ordered two new GE phones that I found here on Amazon to replace these worthless Vtech junk phones ... in the trash they go!The Vtech battery problem is very well known so I do n't understand why companies are still allowed to sell them . There is no excuse .
 JULY 2006 . I have had the phones for ~ 9 months . Phones worked well for ~ 6 months , then both handsets sporadically showed battery warnings , telling me to place the handset in the charger -LRB- they were in the charger when the error message appeared ! -RRB- So far I have been able to fix the problem easily enough - I remove the battery , then immediately put it back into the handset . At that point , the phone sees the battery as being fully charged . No lost calls yet -LRB- but I suspect that answering a call when the error message is present might be a problem -RRB- . But it 's a pain and , since this appears to be a design fault , I do n't think I 'd buy V-tech again . EDIT ON MARCH 29 2008 . The problem got worse & worse . By January 2007 the phones were essentially useless . I thought about buying a new battery pack for each of the 2 phones , but at the time they were very costly -LRB- they seems cheaper now -RRB- . so I went out & bought 6 rechargeable AAA NiMH batteries , and used a cold soldering iron to `` roll my own '' battery packs -LRB- 3 batteries per phone -RRB- . That fixed the phones . 14 months have passed , without a single problem . With cheap replacement batteries now available , I am not recommending that you build your own battery pack ; but I AM recommending that , if you 've encountered the problem , the cause might not be the phone , but the lousy battery that it came with .
 Same as many others . Until eight months all was fine and good and then check battery warnings started . Take out the batteries and put them back problem solved . Sometimes it would be nice to make a call without doing this though ! Too expensive to replace batteries compared to price of phone and others have mentioned this does not solve the issue anyway . Not expandable either . Should have kept the receipt . Live and learn .
 It 's not often I find a product that 's as disappointing as this . The interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain . Moving around the house and outside of the house , standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle , etc. , are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation.But that 's not the bad part . The bad part , as at least one other reviewer has noted , is that each of the phones constantly reports a `` low charge '' message or something similar . This in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time . The only solution I 've found is to take the battery out of phone and put it back in . Then it will work for a day or two . I suppose it could be just the batteries . But if so then we were shipped batteries that were already on life-support . I read a few good reviews of this phone , and of course there are a number right here . But out experience has been the opposite . The phones have been nothing other than a pain .
 I purchased two pairs of these phones . They worked great for four weeks before developing a series of recurring problems . In some cases the phone would click and chirp when you tried to establish a dial tone . Other times they would not ring for an incoming call . We tried everything before returning them to VTECH four weeks ago . Of course , VTECH has not bothered to respond , send a replacement , etc. . This is very disappointing since we really loved the last generation of VTECH 2625 phones . BEWARE -- this phone is useless junk .
 The phones did n't even last a year-the batteries started losing their charge/not charging . And even if they did manage to charge , they did not have a very long use time/talk time . We thought about replacing the batteries , however it was cheaper in the long run to get new phones-this time we went with Uniden and have been happy with them .
 We purchased the 5825 about a year ago . I will note that in general , the phone worked , with a few inconveniencies . Editing numbers in the phone book was a pain - to add a `` 1 '' or an area code to a saved number means deleting the whole number and starting over . However , since the handsets ` share ' the phone book , the editing needed to only be done once . Still , competing phones have a much easier add/edit feature.After about a year , however , the handsets would not hold a charge . Logically , we replaced the batteries . The new batteries charged three days . The phones only display a ` searching ' message , and annoyingly BEEP every 10 minutes or so.We can not recommend this phone .
 As you 'll see from other reviewers , there is definitely a battery issue here . There should be a lemon law in effect for this - time to look for consumer protection laws against this product .
 Worked fine for a few months , then started getting the `` CHECK BATTERY '' error intermittently on either handset . Replaced the AAA NiMH batteries per vtech customer support 's recommendation , and the problem went away for about a month then started happening again . Sent it to vtech for replacement under warranty , and new set received uses a proprietary battery pack . Worked OK for 3 weeks , then the `` CHECK BATTERY '' error started AGAIN ! Sent the 2nd set back , and just got yet another replacement after 3 weeks wait . Our 1 year warranty is over in about one week , so I 'm guessing this 3rd set will wind up in the trash when -LRB- not if -RRB- it goes bad in a month or so . It seems the numbskulls at vtech blamed the problems on the battery and switched from AAAs to a special battery pack . However , I am certain the problem lies in the charging circuitry since we 've seen the problem with both the old and the newer design handsets . We will never buy another vtech phone again !
 I purchased this phone about a week ago and will be returning it . The sound quality is awful . There is feedback on my end and a `` tinny '' quality to the sound . The person to whom I am speaking tells me they hear constant static . I do NOT recommend this phone .
 I had this set for a couple of years . With the features they had , I thought it was great . Then the onset of battery and charging issues just like others have reported . After switching out the batteries to new rechargable ones twice , I also concluded it was the charging unit ... in BOTH HANDSETS . I always thought VTEK was a decent brand but if I could give this product less than one star , I would . Do n't Waste Your Money .
 When it works , it 's mediocre . Unfortunately it does n't work all that often . I had battery problems a month or two after purchase . Pass on this one , folks .
 I first bought this phone two years ago and after about a year the phone started giving me the message `` Warning , check battery . '' I called V-Tech and they told me to make sure the phone was charged , which it was . We hang both phones up every night and they are charged at least 8 hours a day . Then the other handset started giving the same message . I looked into replacing the rechargeable batteries but found they were very expensive - not worth it for what I paid for the phone . To V-Tech 's credit they sent me a brand-new phone - same model - about a year ago . Just last week the new phone started giving me the same message . I have always loved the V-tech phone and owned another one prior to this for about 5 years . I am sorely disappointed with this model and do n't think I 'll be buying another V-Tech now that I 'm in the market - again .
 Had similar problems with this unit . After awhile the extentions and the base unit and say to check the battery . Funny thing is if you pull one of the rechargable batteries long enough to power down the unit and the put it back it , the phone will work fine for awhile . The problem is n't with the batteries as Vtech customer support suggests . It 's with the charging mechanism in the phone . Other than that the unit works fine.I 've had just about every manufacturers cordless phone imaginable . Every one of them has their problems . If it is n't batteries , then it 's a problem with the handset volume , or it 's noisy , or it wo n't work more than 10 feet from the base . I 'm talking about Panasonic , Sony , VTech , AT&T ; , Bellsouth , etcetera , etcetera . One would think that paying for a more expensive unit would get you some quality . Not so . That 's why I think even with the battery problems -LRB- a definite annoyance -RRB- , you 're probably still better off with a unit like this one because it 's reasonably priced . When it does n't work any longer recycle it.The audio quality is fine and the unit works well with a headset .
 We have bought 3 of these VTech Phones for our house . Since the begining we have had battery problems . It is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone does n't work because of the battery.At any point in time , at least one of the phones constantly reports a `` low charge '' or `` no battery '' message , which means you ca n't use that phone . Of course , you can hear the ring from the phone that is never at the same room that you are , so you have to run to pick up the other phone , since the one in your location has the no battery problem.As other reviewers have noted , this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time.On the beginning we used to take the battery out of phone and put it back in . That does n't quite work anymore . I tried to get support but you ca n't get a live person at the VTech number . On their website they suggest replacing the batteries , but they are rechargeable , so how many times are we really supposed to buy new rechargeable baterries -LRB- I have already replaced it once -RRB- ? I know we wont buy VTech products again .
 This is amazing . I got on Amazon to see if I could buy some additional remote bases for this phone and immediately see the reviews about the same issues I have and have been putting up with because I think we get used to electronic products working poorly . I have the same battery issue and the handset in the main base does get very warm . Nevermind additional handsets , I am just going to buy a different phone . Sounds like a consumer class action is in order !
 I ordered this set three years ago and hardly used it because the leads kept breaking . Some of my pencils a large chunk of the wood came off . I used to love Prismacolor colored pencils when my brother used them . Now I use acrylic paint and gouache paint and the best colored inks instead . I will never buy this brand of colored pencils again . I wasted my money .
 I 'm an illustrator and I used these pencils for the first time on a full-color illustration . I was really disappointed and ended up mostly using my old SwissColor set just to get the project done . I spent most of my time sharpening the pencils because more often than not the lead in the pencil was already broken so I 'd sharpen and the lead would fall out , I 'd keep going until I got a good tip or at least good enough to get the color down . Unfortunately I sharpened the yellow ocre down to 1/4 of the original length and never did get a good tip that did n't fall out . I was so disappointed because I had heard such good things about these pencils . I called the company to see if they would reimburse the purchase and their only solution was for me to send in the pencils I was unhappy with -LRB- individually -RRB- and they would mail me back replacements . These pencils are just too expensive to sharpen away 3/4 and still not have a point that usable . Do n't waste your money . For the equivalent price SwissColor is the way to go . I do n't know why I even bothered trying out the prisma colors when I 've been using SwissColor for years of illustrating with great results and very few breakages .
 One star for sending me a box with a big dent in it . Pencils are fine , but I ca n't stop staring at this damaged container that I have to store them in .
 Sanford is having quality issues with its Prismacolor and Verithin brands , enough to make me consider switching to Derwent.I 've recently purchased the 72 , 120 , and 132 pencil Prismacolor sets and there were one or more problems with each set . My problems included getting getting duplicates of one or more colors while missing other colors , non-centered leads that caused sharpening issues , bent and curved pencils that made heir use awkward , imprints that were barely legible , chipped and gouged pencils , and imperfectly finished pencils.A box of 36 Verithin pencils had the same problems and was also missing a pencil.For the price paid for these pencils , you should expect perfection and you 're not getting it . These used to be my favorite pencils . Sanford 's shoddy quality control has caused me to downgrade my opinion of them .
 Pros : nice colormetal tinCons : most of the 72 pencils are bent 3/4 of the way down the pencil shaft4 of the 72 pencils were shorter by at least 25 % Have had troubles sharpening pencils . Color core is broken and sharpened tips falls out gravity assist only.I hope this is just a lemon box but do not think I will buy this product again and will be very weary of any Prismacolor Pencils.second star for fast delivery , pencils alone would be a 1 star
 I grew up on Prismacolor pencils using them since the 1960 's . They used to work great . I do n't know what happened but lately they break with the lightest pressure . Some pencils have been totally unusable . I never had to use any special sharpener . The prismacolor sharpener on Amazon did n't get very good reviews either . I 'm switching brands . My fellow artists in the animation industry have shared the same story with me - worthless colored powder .
 Well , first thing I should have noticed is that the 2 reviews of this product were from 3 and 4 years ago , and there are no current reviews in the last year or so . I usually look to make sure there are current reviews of the product , but to be honest with you , when I saw that it was by Ergoguys , I thought it must be good , right ? The next thing I should have questioned was the instructions to superglue a plastic piece attached to the mousebean to my mouse and then wait several hours before using . I patiently waited 4 hours and went to use my mouse and the glued piece fell off . Also , my mouse is now ruined with superglue all over the back of it . The mousebean itself is very small and of hard plastic . There is not enough cushion on either side of the mousebean to do much of anything about keeping your wrist from resting on the mouse pad . Does not work for me at all . It might work for very small people or teenagers or kids . I am on the computer 8-10 hours a day and was really hoping this product would be as good as advertised . I would have given zero stars except I realize these guys are trying to solve a major problem but this product still needs some work .
 This was the second atempt to try the Interlink Remote after disappointed with the VP4300 . It had almost the identical problem as the VP4300 except the buttons are a little firmer . The control of PowerPoint is excellet except again the blank screen button is often accidentally pressed during the presentation.My biggest problem is the laser . It is way too weak and dies often in the middle of a presentation .
 I 've owned three of Interlink 's units , but that was before competitors came to market with well-designed units . The Interlink pointer plastic casing is flimsy and cracks easily ; there is no OFF switch to prevent the laser from accidentally coming on when the unit is packed or placed in one 's pocket ; the advance and go-back buttons function most of the time , but on average miss and have to be pushed a second or third time at least 2-3 times per 30 minute presentation . Although I agree with many of the points made by other reviewers who score this Interlink product better than I do , it seems these other reviewers have not compared the Interlink pointer with competing pointers that have identical features . For example , the Kensington pointer is half the price ; the case is sturdy , has a no-slip outer coating , has a comfortable feel in the hand , and even includes a trench that serves as a holder for the receiver when not in use . Placing the receiver in this trench automatically disconnects the laser so that batteries do not have to be removed when packing the unit for a trip . And the advance and go-back buttons function all of the time , not just most of the time !
 and why would anyone ? one side defeats the purpose of the other .
 I bought this laminator based on the ONE , five-start review on this product - what a mistake ! It makes a very loud `` vibrating '' noise the entire time , takes FOREVER for it warm up , and it does n't seal the pouches all the way , creating air pockets all around the items that is laminated . I 'm very disappointed and I 'm returning this item straight away .
 The problem with this product is that it only suports 3 mil lamination pouches . this is never mentioned in the specs . You will be disappointed if you think running a 5 mil through two or three times will make it work - it will not.i 'm returning it
 Mine worked for 2 minutes after first receiving it , then it never worked again , so I returned it . The stylus is like a plastic tooth pick and I think this company was being just a little too ambitious thinking they could make an organizer this small and make it reliable . I decided to spend more money to buy a real PDA and splurged on the Handspring Visor Platinum . You might want to consider the same move .
 I purchased this product in July 2000 . It lasted about 6 months . I contacted Oregon Scientific who told me there was a 90 day warranty , so too bad .
 Well I only ordered this pda from amazon , b/c it was $ 9.99 and b/c it was backlit . The description says back lit and it 's not back lit at all . So now I have 2 pda 's that are not back lit ... Also , the cost was 9.99 but by the time they added shipping the thing cost almost $ 20 bucks to get here from amazon . Finally , if I ship it back b/c it is n't back lit at all , then I lose my shipping charges , plus the shipping back charges ... So I might as well just keep it , and wonder what to do with it ...
 Synching is tricky -LRB- and the process is not spelled out appropriately in the user guide -RRB- but I finally figured out the nuances after much trial and error and boy was I excited ! Too bad the thing died on me a few weeks later . I bought it because I wanted the smallest organizer possible to carry in my purse replacing my address book and the scraps of paper I jot notes on . Now I 'm stuck trying to figure out which Palm or Handspring is smallest , lightest and most reliable for a reasonable price . Yes , the Echo is inexpensive , but it 's also cheap .
 The screen has very low resolution , low quality , hard to see the text from most angles.The software bundled to download your contacts from PC is terrible , if you want to download your outlook contacts , you have to first save them as text , then use the bundled software to download.I have an old REX organizer , works much better than this even though there 's no way to enter info with my old REX , you can transfer all the info from outlook with one click.I can recommend echo only as a cheap toy .
 Password protected data can still be deleted without a password -LRB- if someone steals it , they can use it after deleting your data -RRB- . Notes do n't have a soft return . It will look different from the way you typed it in . It 's useful for sentences only . I tried to use it to keep track of credit card spending , but I do n't like it.Alpha-Numeric keypad does n't take advantage of ample space available . You must switch back and forth from caps/lower case/numeric and the numeric keypad does n't have a decimal so you have to switch back to the caps or lower case keypad to type the decimal then go back to the numeric keypad .
 For the first year that I used my YO-520 I was very pleased . It had lots of room for telephone entries and added information , excellent backlight , useful scheduling feature , easy accessibility to features.Unfortunately after the first year and a month , it went `` bellyup , '' losing all data . All I get now is a message reading `` Data has been impaired ! Press -LRB- Y -RRB- to CLEAR ALL memory . '' Sharp service was less than useful .
 I purchashed this product in the spring of 2010 . The product starting losing pixels with each week of use . It is now 4 months later and the product is essentially useless because there are so many pixels missing I can not read anything that I programmed into it.When I contacted the seller about this problem after 2 months of use I was told that I was trying to scam her . I am the one who has been scammed , as I purchased a defective product that is now unusable .
 It only lasted 8 months and I have now had to purchase a second one . I 'm out $ 125 for very little service .
 MEMO MASTER WAS SENT TO A PENNSYLVANIA ADDRESS AND I HAD TO HAVE IT SENT TO THE CORRECT ADDRESS IN FLORIDA AT AN EXTRA COST OF $ 6.00 AND WHEN I GOT IT , IT DID N'T WORK . SO I PAID $ 31.00 FOR JUNK .
 It was great until I got Windows-XP . Now it does n't work and I lost the Software CD and I now I have all my important addresses just in limbo on this organizer . If it breaks or I loose it ... I loose everything ! Help ?
 I wanted a hard copy of all my address contacts . However , when I opened the package all the insert pages are blank lined sheets . There are no division lines between entries nor is there a separate column indicating phone , work numbers etc. . This is a very free form messy way to organize your contact information . I found what I needed from Franklin Covey .
 While the refills are nicely laid out with colorful tabs , the pre-drilled holes did not align with my calendar binder .
 The notebook in this product is very cheap . It takes several minutes to get the zipper started . It is worth about $ 0.01 . I put one star because there was not the option of no stars .
 I was looking for a small reusable notebook that I could just add pages to and I thought that this was a good solution to part of my problem . This product arrived on time and in great condition . The problem was that all of the pages are bound on the top so that every page has to be separated one by one to put into the binder . A real pain . The pages should have been separated to be useful . The price was higher than I would have liked to have paid but the convenience was very nice . I will not be buying this item again from anyone online.I do not hold the seller accountable for the product being bound or the high price . It probably comes already bound . The cost is more than I would pay for something so common anyway . I will resort to a spiral bound notebook in the future and just use multiple notebooks because of the cost factor in the future .
 I listed this item using the UPC code ... it was a 2008 edition . It ALSO stated that lower in the original posting ... NOW the description has REMOVED all DATES . Seems like this issue has been continueing for the past TWO years !!! Above review ordered a 2007 and got 2008 ... never ending switcheroo !
 I ordered as the listing stated a 2007 diary book . Instead they sent a 2008 book with no explanation prior to sending it or in the package . I did not need a 2008 i needed a 2007 book , that was the whole reason for my purchase . If they were out of 2007 books then they should have let me know instead of sending me somethin i didnt need just to pocket my money .
 There is an extra 20 cent charge for hand stamping the `` mailer '' envelop . Apparently , the automated cancellation stamping system can not be used because of the flimsy envelop . Some of our recipients complained that the CD 's were cracked . It should not be sold as a CD/DVD mailer .
 WHY IS THE PRODUCT 500 6x9 WHITE POLY MAILERS ENVELOPES BAGS , AND YOU RECEIVE LESS ?
 This is by far the worst phone I 've ever tried to use . I bought the phone about a year ago , used it a few times , and then put it away until about a month ago , at which point I had lost the instruction manual . When I tried to use it , the language had been set to Spanish somehow , and there is apparently no way -LRB- or at least no reasonably obvious way -RRB- to change the language setting . Even doing a `` full reset '' of the phone does n't reset the language . More significantly , some strange setting prevents it from receiving any calls . It displays the calling number , but it 's impossible to answer the call.There is no online version of the instruction manual -LRB- on the website , the spec sheet and the instruction document links both point to the useless spec sheet -RRB- . I tried calling the support hotline , but it was completely useless -- I just got recorded generic instructions that did n't even pertain to my problems . I could n't figure this thing out at all , and I 'm a pretty decent CS/engineering student.Overall - terrible user interface , no support , does n't work . Do n't buy it .
 This is one of those units that had potential but I guess when you build it in China and get it for less than $ 30 , you get what you pay for.Pros :1 . Compact unit/phone clock/radio2 . Can set two seperate alarmsCons :1 . Screen lighting is too bright -- no way to adjust the intensity lighting .2 . Unit allows you to adjust screen contrast using 5 settings but if you try to change it -LRB- more/less contrast -RRB- , the text on the screen becomes pretty much unreadable/useless .3 . Manual fine-tunning for radio stations is difficult .4 . No automatic radio tuning ! You can get this feature in those cheap $ 3 miniture/pocket radios .4 . Radio reception is very poor . This unit does n't pick up many local radio stations even if those stations are the main ones in town .
 Well , somebody had a good idea but I get the impression that the same product managers that brought us the Pontiac Aztek worked on this one.The good : - Small footprint - it fits on my tiny nightstand-Radio is clear with reasonably strong signal-2 alarms-battery backupThe bad : - The display is as bad as everyone says . Somebody in China or at GE needs their eyes examined.-Phone is hard to grasp , especially when you 're bleary eyed.-Battery backup does not remember radio tuned locationThe ugly : - The stupid flashing blue light when the alarm -LRB- radio or buzzer -RRB- goes off.The sad thing is , this was about the best corded unit I could find on Amazon .
 Even at the lowest setting this unit will light up the room and make it difficult to sleep . Unless you want the equivalent of someone shinning a flashlight in your face all night , stay away from this unit .
 The only thing I need to point out about this alarm clock/phone is that is to bright at night time . I do not recommend this phone for this reason .
 Well , we can send people to the moon but we ca n't create a corded phone/alarm clock that works . Where to start?First of all , when speaking on the phone , you can here the radio station in your ear . Fortunately , the individual on the other end of the line cannont . This just seems crazy to me.Second , the FM band essentially does not work . It receives the same station for about 50 % of the dial range , again , this seems crazy . The AM band works ok but the unit has questionable reception strength.Third , the display light is very bright but now I am just getting picky.I rated this two stars because it essentially technically does what I ask , which is be a clock radio with a phone . Do not expect anything above and beyond these features . This product functions , but on life support .
 The item would not work . Phone worked only without radio plugged in . Called for tech help . Got someone who had trouble with English , and could only read from a script . Returned product , but ended up paying as much for shipping and restocking as I paid for it .
 This is just what I wanted with clock and radio together , but the light is very bright and if I had known that would have gone with a different brand .
 The radio works good , the phone part is just OK ! The caller ID call back is confusing the sound quality of the phone is poor , unfortunately . . and the backlight of the LCD clock is really too bright for a bedroom . I had wished at night it would only light up if you tapped it or something . . I have to cover the face so the light does n't distrub me . . I like my room dark .
 It sounded like a nice product with all the features , but it does not work well . The time frequently changes to the wrong time and then back to the correct time later , sometimes this causes the alarm to malfunction . The phone is full of static.Great features - poor operation .
 This was not a very good purchase for me . The face was too bright at night & I could not dial out on the phone after about a month .
 I was spoiled by my previous phone/radio combo , however , once the clock part died after almsost 30 years I went looking for another combo so as not to have multi objects on night table . Found this G E phone/radio with caller ID.First of all , it is not easy to set the alarm , lot of button pushing . You can not easily set the time either , the best way to get time of day set is to go to your cell phone and call your home phone which sets the time of day on your new GE bedroom combo phone -- yup , thats right , according to manual `` that is how it sets time of day . `` One of the worst things about this item is the feedback squeal when you go to hang up the phone . No matter how slow or fast or how you angle the phone as you place it into base , there is a horrid feedback squeal which not only you but the person on other end gets hit with . At least you have the phone away from your ear when it happens , however , the person on other end , if they are not quickly hanging up on you , are getting such a high pitched assault on their ear drums you have to wonder if you have just made them eligible for hearing aids.Then we get to the lighted display . The window which displays time etc is a good size , it also is lighted but has three positions on back to set for high to low amount of brightness . Well , I have it set at lowest and still the thing lights up my room , shining right into my face at night -LRB- it is on night table right next to my head -RRB- that I must take a square cork coaster I have on my night table and the last thing I do each night is to lay it against the display so as to block all that light in my face . Of course that defeats having a clock next to my bed does n't it?This purchase was a big mistake , only reason why I did not send it back was cost . Rather than be out all that shipping money I decided to live with it , but that was before I realized it squealed to a dangerous level . Now I can not use the phone part at all for fear of injuring someone and with no clock at night because I am covering it up , well I guess that is what you get when you buy a GE appliance is n't it . My advice , do n't buy it and shame on Amazon for pedaling such a piece of junk .
 While I was impressed with the overall design of the phone , I was disappointed to discover that it had very poor FM reception & no place to attach an external antenna to improve that condition ! Very disappointing , given the attention to detail otherwise .
 I give this one star because it is nice that the phone works even when there is no power to the unit . The rest of this unit is garbage . The blue background is WAY to bright -LRB- like sleeping with the lights on -RRB- even on the dimmest setting . If you use th dim setting you ca n't see the numbers . You can change the contrast , but it does n't work well . So if you ca n't SEE the time , and the LIGHT keeps you up all night , what good is it ? After one night , my husband said , `` return that piece of ----- . '' .
 After six months the clock started going haywire whenever the 9V backup battery was installed . Now the clock has stopped working completely after 11 months.This is not the first newer `` inexpensive '' alarm clock I 've had do this . My 15 year old clock is still keeping perfect time but two replacements for my wife 's clock have died in less than a year .
 I bought this really cool phone . I needed a corded phone with CID and I needed 2 alarm clocks . Everything worked until I wanted to make a phone call . Not one of the numbers worked , not even the redial worked . I was so bummed ! I loved it before I discovered that !
 I like the small footprint of the unit , but the lighting of the clock is poorly configured so it is either too dim to see the time , or too bright at night and disturbs my sleep . Not an auto setting clock for synchronizing with satellite like newer models and the zero on key pad does n't always work for keying in digital responses via the phone . Overall , disappointing to say the least .
 Seemed like just what I wanted to save space on my bedside table -- Took it back the next day . The backlit display , even at lowest level , was way too bright . Worse , there is an annoying caller ID indicator on the front that blinks red whenever you have a new call , regardless of whether you answered on another phone or not . Before you go to sleep you have to delete the entire the caller ID list or watch a blinking red light all night . I doubt anyone at GE actually used this thing before putting it on the market .
 If you plan to use this in your bedroom and like your bedroom dark , this IS NOT the product for you . Besides the blinking `` new call '' light , the snooze button becomes a blinking disco light when the alarm goes off - and it blinks bright blue ! The background of the clock is also blue and will cast a light in your bedroom that creates shadows . Hubby said it was worse than a nightlight . Returned it after two days of use at a net loss of $ 25 due to restocking fees , loss of shipping charges and having to pay to ship it back . Thumbs down to this product .
 The display area for time , etc is too big and too bright a light . The light can be adjusted some , but even on the lowest light setting , it 's still too bright in the bedroom for me to sleep . The digital time display is a darker blue and the surrounding area is light blue . It lights up the whole room like a very bright night light .
 The only good feature is the display great for a nite lite and seeing CID in the dark . The on/off for the ringer is located in the back . What a pain , have to pick up and turn around to operate ringer switch . Husband is shift worker so the phone gets turned on and off frequently . Elderly mother , so needs to be on when both parties sleeping . To set the alarms takes two hands , one on each side of the unit , and every time you hit an alarm button or setting buttons , it beeps . Not good for setting alarm in dark while spouse is sleeping . If the wrong button is hit while setting alarm , then have to go thru the whole setting process , Date , time , contrast . Much too difficult to operate , in low lite . Reasonable price but not worth it for the difficulty in setting alarms and ringer . Very low quality , in features . Not at all user frienly . Am returning the phone and will spend 3 times as much to get user friendly features , that are considerate of the sleeping spouse .
 Looks good but a waste of money ! The display is completely unreadable at any setting and after one frustrating hour of trying to program I packed it up and returned it . The manual is clear , but unfortunately the product does n't respond . It does look good , and would be acceptable if the display were n't so poor . I had no trouble with radio reception as others indicated . Do not waste your time and money on this item!GE Alarm Clock Radio Bedroom Phone
 I found this product to be quite bad . The dial is so dull even in a dark room that you can not tell time . Quite bulky ... am surprised that GE which usually makes good products still sells this `` clunker ''
 We bought ours at OfficeMax - 3 or 4 months later the auto-start sensor stopped working . It works fine if you switch it to on -LRB- instead of auto -RRB- but the auto-start was much more convenient . I like having a non-shred opening in the back for misc items and the credit card shredder works well . This may be the case with all shredders , but I was amazed at how much paper dust is generated by this thing . We finally resorted to using a kitchen trashcan liner since it was such a mess to unload . Tiny pieces of paper tend to stay caught up in the teeth , but this does n't seem to impact the unit 's ability to shred paper .
 Too weak - bogs down with 6 sheets - jambs if I try and shred more . Found a Staples shredder twice as powerful for less .
 Be advised , the warranty is no good . Fellowes will not honor their warranty . I tried twice already . It does n't matter what story you have . They find some excuse to get out of it . Do n't bother paying to ship the heavy thing back , they will just deny your claim and try to charge you to send something that does n't work back to you .
 What can I say ? It worked fine while it worked . Then it just stopped -LRB- not jammed -RRB- . We are light users and were on maybe our third basketful .
 For the price of this pen I was expecting something more . I previously had a pen that I loved , which I was trying to replace . Unfortunately I 'm still looking for it 's replacement . This pen is very light and makes a slight rattling noise , which is annoying if you tend to fidget with your pen in hand . The Cross site lists the pen for $ 55 and at that price I assumed that quality was a given . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Netopia tech support , a friend of mine , and I myself spent a total of 6 hours trying to make this work in a system where a competitor 's analog telephone adapter worked with no problem , but we never succeeded . The unit will be returned to Amazon for a refund . Quite honestly , I 'm disgusted with Netopia .
 This is not a toy but it does write well , ink runs out very fast
 Placed some items in this to try it out and when I went to open it the key broke off . Fortunately , it only took a second for me to break it open with a screwdriver . Hate to be so harsh about a product but feel strongly that people should have an honest opinion as they ca n't hold the thing till it arrives . I also like Amazon and hope this company does n't go down the drain because of misleading reviews . `` what did you expect for the price ? `` A cheap safe but one that might help secure valuables . This might only bring attention to your objects - better to hide them .
 i wanted this safe for my daughter 's room but it is way too small . her wallet would n't even fit in there . . maybe just an ipod and credit cards . Returning for something a little larger
 The safe serves its purpose except one day I realized that using a simple flat head screw driver or flat pocket knife blade could easily turn the lock if jiggled for a minute .
 I was looking for a lock box in a certain size for the objects going in it . It said it was so by so but in reality the locking mechanism made it smaller inside and did not fit what I needed it for . Plus those kind of locking mechanisms are n't very good .
 I found this product to be useful and convenient for my Agency purposes ; however , upon ordering for a month the price jumped almost double ; needless to say , I will be finding another Lockbox for my Agency .
 I cleaned out all of my old financial statements and needed to shred them . Sounds simple enough , right ? This shredder should be able to handle say , 3 pieces of paper at a time ? Nope ! This shredder handled 2 at a time with complaints and I finally gave up and fed it one sheet at a time until 2 days later , it got so clogged it stopped working all together . I have been trying to clean out the cutterhead and make it work again , but no dice . The shredder is strange
 There is nothing except the safety feature in this product that lives up to the specs given . Two sheets of copy paper max , maybe a total of 6-8 sheets -LRB- two at a time -RRB- if you are lucky . Certainly not billing statements , since they are on heavier paper . Forget about your annual file-shredding ! It 's supposed to do credit cards , but that 's a crock.If you want it to work longer , you can clean the head every few sheets and/or send through a sheet of paper soaked in vegetable oil occasionally . I actually did this a few times hoping I could salvage it , but it turned out to be only a romantic notion.I complained so much after I bought this that the manufacturer had me send it back and they sent out a new one . I should n't have wasted my time , because the replacement works only marginally better . The main problem seems to be that the shredded paper is not completely crosscut and strips wrap around the head . I also wonder why , with such a key design flaw , this product is still on the market .
 Bad from day one . Ca n't handle more than one or two sheets of paper at a time -LRB- though it claims six -RRB- , and even then starts to jam and overheat after three minutes or so . By comparison , I had my previous shredder for seven years of near-perfect operation -LRB- had to leave it behind in a move -RRB- . Strongly recommend that Fellowes simply take this product off the market .
 I like the safety features in this . As a paper shredder it may not impress any one . Not worth the money . Can not handle even four sheets of 22lb paper . 5 sheets had jammed it . Usable with a maximum of TWO sheets , even though it gets cosiderably slower !
 This shredder managed to make it thru the warranty period before a total crash . Even with light usage , the shredder struggled -- but when it broke , you could see why -- this is garbage . The cutting blades are housed in a lightweight plastic housing that obvioiusly could n't handle any load for more than a few months use .
 The performance of this machine is terrible . Just opened it up , plugged it in , and after attempting to shred a few sheets -LRB- one at a time -RRB- experienced a colossal paper jam . Put it back in the box to return tomorrow . It would be more efficient and gratifying to scissor documents with pinking shears .
 This shredder performs terribly ! It 's supposed to have a 6 sheet capacity but it 's really only 2 -LRB- or less -RRB- . Put more than 2 sheets and it 'll get jammed so that you have to set it in reverse and back about 5 times . And using only 1 sheet does n't even prevent the jams . Sad to say it 's a terrible product .
 I was given this as a gift and used it once for less than an hour then unplugged and stored it . Second time I had it plugged in , shredded about 5 minutes and went to the store and returned to find it running with no paper in it , very hot to the touch . Opened it to see if there was something stuck -LRB- though it stopped by itself before I left -RRB- and found the detedtion light had burned out . Contacted Fellowes and they claim this is not a defect.Fine - I 'd love to have a machine just start running by itself when no one is around . My kids do n't need their fingers for much and I DO have fire insurance .
 Barely shreds one piece of paper . After almost every sheet have to hold a paper in front of the sensor -LRB- not shredding -RRB- to let it run and clear the teeth of junk from the last piece of paper . You can still read and could reassemble anything shredded by this with extreme ease.Edit
 I used this shredder for about a year and now it is broke -LRB- the inside plastic guide disintegrated -RRB- . None of the advertised specs are accurate . It will not shred more than 2 psc of paper . It jams often & it is noisy . During this period I cut approximately 1000 pages , and paid for the shredder $ 60 . This results in a cost of 6 cents per page !! This is the worst product , relative to it spec , I ever bought !!
 I hate this thing . One of the worst purchases I 've ever made . Ca n't even handle ONE peice of paper without jamming . After struggling with it for months , I finally threw mine in the dumpster today , and came online to warn anyone else away from this . I 'll never buy a Fellowes product again .
 This product is not worth the plastic it is made of . It does n't have the power to shread , stops shreading too fast , gets clogged very easily , and has to be put into reverse everytime you use it to clean prior to shreading . Same you money , do n't buy this product .
 Everything in the previous reviews are accurate . This product is terrible . I spend more time trying to clear the jams than shredding . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This shredder worked as expected for a few months and I maintained it as the user guide instructs . It has always chewed up 6 sheets without difficulty . But now , even with just one sheet , the shredder does not turn off automatically .
 Fellowes uses plastic gears in some of their shredders such as the P400C-2 . These will wear out -LRB- all the teeth broke off on mine -RRB- and they do not support replacement parts after 5 years .
 I paid top dollar for this shredder at Office Depot . It jammed after the first three sheets of paper . I went back to the store , and I was told I had to add cutting oil while it was working . I stood over the top of this machine pouring oil onto the cutters to get the junk mail shredded for one day . It would not even cut one page of newspaper . I continued to stuff newspaper in it until the top bulged and the room filled with smoke . Now it is in the trash , which is where I should have put the first time it jammed up . I will never buy another Fellowes product .
 Had this for less than a year . In the first six months it jammed constantly and would n't take more than one page of paper without problems . Then the problems really began . Crunching and clicking sounds were followed by it stopping working entirely . The motor still went , but the shredder blades stopped turning . It was taken apart to see what was wrong and it was discovered that almost all the internal cogs are made of plastic . One of these cogs had broken . Parts are not available so the entire shredder had to thrown away . This fault is very common , leading to it appearing to be a deliberate design flaw . In other words these things are designed to crap out.I will never by another Fellowes shredder , they are absolute rubbish .
 This is a terrible product . It jams all the time . The use of this equipment is for the occassional -LRB- 1-2 pages per week -RRB- user .
 Please learn from my mistake ; do n't purchase this inexpensive confetti shredder . It struggles with two sheets of paper . It gets hot and stops during use . It no longer wants to shut off . The supplied bin is small and fills up after a few sheets of paper -LRB- which does n't happen too quickly due to the shredder 's pathetic abilities -RRB- . I owned a Fellowes strip shredder for approximately 20 years without incident . It was made in USA . I 'm guessing the Chinese manufacturing `` partners '' of Fellowes have a hearty laugh each time they load up the export container full of these truly awful shredders . Shameful , really ...
 Had this for 2 yrs . Keep trying to get it to work . 1 piece of paper is max usually . Jams constantly . Very frustrating . Did n't buy it here . Will next time after checking the reviews .
 I owned my previous -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- shredder for about a decade and decided that when I was getting married was a good time to weed out all my old tax forms , divorce paperwork , etc. that I had collected over the years . So , I pickup this super-duper shredder - and was sorely disappointed . It is sold as able to shred CDs - do n't try it ! They do n't shred , they get stuck and then you have to work to get the mangled CD out . I guess its not usable any more - but that 's not what it was supposed to do - it was supposed to shred it completely !! It can barely handle 2-3 sheets of thin paper . Two pages of a 10-page cell phone bill at a time . One postcard is as heavy as it can handle.It gets jammed all the time . It overheats after 10 minutes of shredding and needs 1/2 an hour to cool back down ... Very sad little machine.I broke my el-cheapo shredder back out and he can shred 4x the amount of paper at a time and for 3x as long as this loser!I only wish I could send this useless and expensive little thing back to the manufacturer and get a refund .
 I echo everything everyone else has said . This thing is a piece of junk ! We bought it for our small office . You are lucky if you can shred one piece of paper let alone 6 that it claims . And if you do get that piece of paper shredded , it jams up with paper . We have tried oiling it and everything . It works better for a little bit , but then goes back to jamming .
 1st of all its really had to clean up the crinkled paper this thing produces . just leaves paper flakes flying all over the place and it gets stuck in the teeth . You can only shred 3 pieces of paper max . and the worst thing of all . IT JUST BROKE on me after a year or light use !! DONT EVEN think about buying this thing . Its expensive too !
 This shredder consists of a shredder unit which sits on top of a plastic bin . The shredded paper tends to fall in a heaped pile , meaning that when the shredder is approximately half full , shredded paper touches the rotating cutters , and wind back into the mechanism . If you empty the bin after shredding 20 sheets or so , it seems to work more reliably . This is a fuss.To empty the shredder , the top is lifted from the bin . It usually deposits pieces of paper on the floor.The shredder will strain to shred six sheets , and if the sheets happen to fold while feeding , it will jam . One or two sheets will normally shred OK.The shredder has several levels of safety features - turning it on requires flipping two switches on top , and the bin must be in place underneath - if you lift the shredder while it 's on , it will stop . However , because the shredder jams so frequently , you may find that you will have to pull chunks of paper from between the rotating cutters , which does n't seem a safe design .
 I had this shredder for a little over a year , with occasional use -LRB- some bills , papers with SSN , etc -RRB- . It was OK , with many safety features . It shredded fine for a while but it started making clicking noises and getting stuck -LRB- needed to reverse in order to ` set it loose ' . Its supposed to do 6-8 sheets at a time but it had trouble with 3 . Eventually it stopped working and after opening it up , I saw that many of the plastic components inside had cracked and fell into the shredding blades . I would not recommend this model !
 Have had this model for about 1 year . It struggles to take more than 1 piece of paper and jams constantly . Buying a Fellowes P-67C , reviews rate it much better across a number of sellers .
 Be advised , the warranty is no good . Fellowes will not honor their warranty . I tried twice already . It does n't matter what story you have . They find some excuse to get out of it . Do n't bother paying to ship the heavy thing back , they will just deny your claim and try to charge you to send something that does n't work back to you .
 I purchased this for my graduate classes . It goes through batteries so quickly ! -LRB- ~ 6-7 hours of recording it needs new ones ... so with 2-3 classes a day , I was going through large packs of batteries in no time -RRB- In addition to that complaint , the software is awful , and you have to convert the files to WAV format , THEN MP3 ... time consuming !
 I bought a Sony ICD-MX20 Digital Voice Recorder a week ago . I was surprised that Sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named `` Digital Voice Editor '' . Sony Customer Service staff told me that if you lost the CD that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . Only patches of the software are available to download . The Customer Service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device.This immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . Sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . Think twice before making your buying decision .
 The title pretty much sums up my experience with this phone . I had it for less than a year and suddenly it was all static and would n't dial properly .
 Mine worked great for the first few months , then I started getting the `` warning , check battery '' . If you take the batteries out and reinsert , it works for a few hours but then the same warning message comes up . It happened on both headsets . I called customer service and they told me this is the first time they 've ever heard that -LRB- uh huh - does n't sound like it from the reviews here -RRB- . A little too expensive to replace yearly ...
 Right out of the box , one of the handsets would not take a charge . A call to VTech got a live person , whose instruction was to call back in 24 hours to a different 888 number , the reason being that the tech people needed 24 hours to research the problem . When I called back the next day , the number was disconnected , and a new call to the customer service line would not produce a live person no matter what I did . I even selected the order line but was disconnected after 13 minutes on hold.I see now that other people have had the same problem with handsets not taking a charge and the bad customer service , and I leave this review as a word to the wise.UPDATE
 I had these phones about a month before I decided that I just had to return them . Now , these phones do have a lot of good qualities
 I am looking for a new phone , becuase i have the same problems with batteries that work only for 30 minutes or so . I have tried to get new batteries though VTech , but they can not be reached and will respond to email . I will not by vtech again
 I 'm in the market for a cordless phone that has caller ID , a speaker phone in the handset , and some sort of answering machine function . This VTech model had what I was looking for , as well as the highest customer rating and cheapest price of any comprable phones . In the end , it was a disappointment.My handsets would n't function reliably . They would often have ` searching ' on the display , and VTech 's solution to this problem was to have me remove the batteries from both handsets , and unplug the base unit for 30 seconds to ` reset ' the phone . I had to do this multiple times , because the handsets would mysteriously lose signal and start ` searching ' at least once every two or three days . I thought it might be a function of the handset being too far from the base unit , but it was n't the case . The handset - on - the base unit would also lose signal.I 'm giving up on these phones . I 'm going to send them back to Amazon this week and look for something better . My original goal was to find a phone for under $ 100 , but it looks as though I might have to break that ceiling .
 Do n't waste your money on this phone . From the first day the non-base unit had horrible static for anyone I talked to . The sound was fine on my end , but anyone I talked to on the non-base phone complained of horrible static , and when I called my house I heard it too and they were right it was horrible . The base unit developed the same charging and battery problems a number of others have already talked about . Avoid at all costs .
 I purchased this model phone 09/19/2004 . For the last month my batteries were beeping needing to be charged . The replacement battery for this model Vtech are three AAA batteries . I changed the batteries and could not keep the replacement batteries from going dead on me within minutes of use . I read on another Amazon review that the phone was to be returned due to the batteries not charging , a problem I am having . I wonder if this is a common problem they are having with this model . I read on other reviews that the bottom of the phone gets heated when plugged into the base . Another problem with my phone . The phone does not sound bad when it worked . but for $ 120 . You should get more than one year 's use out of your phone . Not worth owning this phone . I purchased a Panasonic .
 One of the handsets broke in the second week of use . Come to find out , my father had the same problem with the same phone . Amazon promptly sent me a replacement , which was great customer service . It works fine now with the exception of one of the handsets sounds like there 's an echo . I would not recommend these phones .
 We bought this phone for it 's features and competitive price . It worked wonderfully for the first month . The dual phones were a great idea as we have dual level home . We wanted all the functions this phone had to offer . WONDERFUL!Then , after a month -LRB- by the way , Amazon would not take it back and we could not get help from VTech -RRB- . The phone went fuzzy , would not ring half the time ... but the caller ID still worked!I would NOT recommend this product . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! We ended up just throwing the piece of junk away.No wonder this item is on sale .
 The static was awful and when there was n't static there was an echo on the line . Three days and I could n't take it anymore and had to buy another new phone .
 Worked ok for one year , but then battery would not recharge . I bought a new set of battery , sames story , so I guess the handset are mal functioning . Now for the last 6 months -LRB- 1.5 year after purchase -RRB- the communication drops after 5mins which is really really anoying . I would not recommend buying this phone . I would not recommend buying V-Tech at all , as I think the design of the phones and the quality are really poor .
 not great phones ... lots of static & the battery life is rubbish!im getting new ones !
 My sister bought this phone set and had problems with the battery after about 1 year . I also purchased it and have encountered the same problem with the `` check battery '' warning . Very annoying when you go to pick up the phone and the handset wo n't work . When I pull the battery and put it back in the base charger the problem clears up , but not for long , within an hour or two the same warning will appear.Time to try a Panasonic ...
 these phones were certainly not ` as advertised ' ... one phone shorted out and actually arced when attempting to charge ... -LRB- I have returned this phone , tho ' still have not received credit -RRB- . the set we kept , has much static ... first time I can remember being dissatisfied with purchase from Amazon ...
 I bought this phone two years ago . For the most part , the phone has been reliable . But like another reviewer said , the batteries die , and can only be revived by removing from the phone and reinserting . This lasts for about 12 hours , and then it happens again . I should note , that his only happened randomly up to now . Now it happens routinely.Ergonomically , the phone is also awkward . The disconnect button can be easily triggered while talking . Very frustrating.I 'm getting a new phone ... . and not a VTech !
 Every feature said to be available exists , but , over several months , the quality has dropped to worthlessness.ConsThe secondary handset recharger stopped recharging.Both handsets crackle and fade . Others hear me fine , but I am unable to hear them . New batteries did not help.The phonebook is rudimentary . The Nokia cell phone I received free has a better phonebook . Each name only gets one number.The handset is heavy . For the price , some of the weight should be engineered out.ProsWhen things were working , the volume was easy to change.Standard rechargeable batteries.Unsure
 We bought these phones a little less than a year ago looking to get a quality wireless phone system that would n't interfere with our wireless network and give us a clear signal . We were also looking for something with a good answering system . We got what we were looking for , but experienced other issues that keep me from recommending this phone system.The number one issue , as others have run into , is the batteries - or more appropriately the handsets . Several months into use , one of the handsets would suddenly show `` CHECK BATTERY '' while still in the cradle . We assumed that it had something to do with the cradle , so we switched the phones to see if it was the phone or the cradle . The phone then did the same thing in the other cradle . We assumed that maybe there was an issue with the sensors at the bottom perhaps not touching , so we adjusted the phone several times and did n't see the message go away . Finally , after removing the batteries and replacing them , the message went away.We now do this on a weekly basis with both handsets . It 's very frustrating to have a two phone system to hear the one in your room silent and the one in the room on the other side of the house ringing , because yours says `` CHECK BATTERY '' . Another annoyance I ran into was the difficult to navigate caller ID system . The system runs with the phone 's `` phonebook '' , which saves phone numbers that are in the caller ID for quick use . With ease , you can scroll through the numbers and select numbers to be placed in your phonebook or delete them , but there is no function to delete multiple numbers all at once . I do n't clear my caller ID after every call , so I end up with a queue of calls in there that I have to annoyingly delete one by one , followed by an annoyingly loud sound each time.The answering system works well - no complaints there . The signal has been clean too , and with no problems with our wireless network.Overall not a horrible phone , but one annoyance -LRB- the caller ID -RRB- and one major defect -LRB- the handsets -RRB- will have me looking elsewhere in the future .
 V-Tech will not honor any warranty unless purchased directly from them . The belt clips are next to useless as they break under light stress . V-tech promises to ship replacements , but after 3 months and numerous lengthy on-hold calls , still no replacement clips . I 'll never buy V-Tech again based on terrible customer service . No visual display of messages waiting . Some channels have weak connections requiring redialing of the connection.Disgusted with V-Tech
 I do like the phone . But I 'm giving it a low rating because of VTech 's policy regarding replacement parts . If anything fails , you must replace the whole phone . I 'm just over the warranty period , and the small handset charger has stopped working . Everything else works fine . The answer seems simple -- just buy a new little handset charger . But you ca n't do that . I discovered that , because it 's a dual handset phone , VTech 's policy is to replace the whole thing , or replace nothing . So , unless I wish to purchase a whole new system , I 'm stuck with one phone that can be charged and one that can not .
 You get what you pay for - got the phone in fall 2005 , and started experiencing the dreaded `` Check Battery '' problem noted in multiple reviews here on Amazon.The phone works great when it does work - albeit the battery life is a little too short for my own liking.Other problems noted after 1 + years - the LCD display seems to be bleeding/not showing certain pixesl now . Battery life is short .
 If you have ANY problem with this phone , the company 's only solution is , `` Put it back in the original box , with the original receipt -LRB- who has this months after they bought the product ? -RRB- and mail the whole thing back `` You CAN NOT get a live person on their 800 phone system and every option tells you to mail the whole unit back . But it also tells you that if you are missing anything -LRB- like the receipt -RRB- , they will mail back the broken one . Period.I , for one , will no longer purchase any products from this company . Even the e-mail I sent them gave me the exact same reply . And every option touts the web site . `` Go to our web site '' , which tells you exactly the same thing . What if you ca n't access a web site ? You 're hosed.Horrible customer service . They should be ashamed .
 So far , I 've had 3 Vtech cordless phones . The sound quality and range on all have been very good . But all 3 phones developed the same problem after a couple of years . The keypad simply starts going bad ; you have to press harder and harder on the keypad for the number you are pressing to register . Eventually , pressing hard does n't work either.If you want a ` disposable ' Vtech phone for light use for a year or two , you may be fine . But , if you expect many years of use from a purchase , their phones may not be right for you !
 Nice phone , and loved the fact that it uses rechargeable NiMH batteries . However , I 've only been using one handset since I bought this phone . One of the handset recieved is not working properly . `` Warning ! Check Battery '' is on display . I already replaced with a new rechargable NiMH battery and receive the same error . If you swap batteries with the good handset , the malfunctioning handset will still display the same error . I 'm in the military and currently stationed in Japan . With the warranty service -LRB- product replacement -RRB- of Vtech company , it is not possible for me to return the product to them since the company do n't accept PO BOX , FPO or APO address.I believe no customers should even go through the pain of trying to get warranty service for a purchased brand new product.This is my first Vtech phone , it has great features maybe if the handset is working , warranty service not so good . Overall , I 'm not impressed .
 Purchase phone on Amazon to replace Vtech 2.4 Ghz Model , we had for 3 years . Phone works like old one including PhoneBook bug that forces you to re-enter the whole phone number to add a `` 1 '' to front of long distance numbers captured by Caller ID . Main issues are the green night light that makes the display hard to read . Compared to the orange-amber light of the 2.4 Ghz model was a step backwards with it 's bold face display . The satellite phone only worked for a year before getting a Warning !! Check Battery message on the display and the battery with no charge . The model I have uses a single battery pack and not the new rechargable AAA version . I followed the troubleshooting guide and even bought a new battery and still have the Warning message . Contacted Vtech and they said I need a new phone . I 'll get a new phone but not from Vtech . This phone is bearly a year old and lightly used . I can use the phone but I need to pull the battery out and reinsert it -LRB- reboot -RRB- to temperarily fix the problem and charge the battery . To have two different battery pack versions means there was a redesign and I got Version 1.0 . Otherwise , the phone works fine .
 I got this phone because my apartment had limited phone outlets this was the perfect solution . We were happy with it for about 1 and 1/2 years , had more features then we used . Then one day the batteries stopped charging we spent $ 20.00 on new batteries then wiht the new batteries it kept displaying a error message `` SEARCHING ... '' . I called the customer line and was treated like an idot . The representative took me through the trouble shooting process which I had done from the manual several times . He finally told me to move the base if that did n't help that was it . I moved the base and it did n't help ... . I now have a pile of electronics with VTECH printed on it .
 I do not like this unit . The quality of the incoming messages is very poor . 5 in 10 messages are hard to understand , 1 in 10 messages is simply not understandable . The tape answering machine I had 20 years ago was better . The speakerphone is not good either . It often skips a word and you have to ask the person at the other end often to repeat a word . Definitely not worth the money .
 I wish I would have had these reviews to read when I bought this system 18 months ago . I also have the dreaded `` check battery '' problems on both phones and the phones die in the middle of conversations now . Even after charging 24 hours or more . I found the replacements at `` Batteries , Plus '' but they cost as much as new phones $ 17.95 plus tax each . With this known problem you would think AT&T would try to solve the problem with a better replacement battery . Instead , they have abandoned this phone and they do not even sell replacement batteries . Avoid this product and probably this company also .
 The reception on the phone was terrible , with static so loud and constant that I could n't hear anything else . I do n't know if this was a phone defect , incompatibility with my VOIP service , or interference from other devices in my home or adjacent apartments -LRB- though I do n't own a router or other wireless products -RRB- . I would not recommend this item . A 2.4 GHz phone by AT&T worked without any problems under the same conditions . Try that .
 We bought this phone because it was suppose to be the best and the spread spectrum was `` military grade `` But we were wrong . We use voip which means there are NO phone lines outside to tap into . So the spread spectrum should be perfect . NOT!A minimum of three times a day our phone reflects `` Parallel Handset in use '' while we are talking on the phone . We hear the other party dialing and starting their conversation on our line.After about 20 seconds it does fix itself - but it should not happen in the first place . Do n't count on Vtech to help either . Their response is that if someone else also has the Vtech 5.8 in our neighborhood our lines will cross . So much for their `` spread spectrum '' they are using .
 I 've given this phone more than a fair trial . I 've purchased this and 5825 phones three times . -LRB- The 5825 has no answering device but identical handsets . -RRB- All of their identical handsets have malfunctioned immediately or eventually . The first time one of the screens lost contrast and became unreadable . The last two times the handset became inoperable after being left off of the cradle for several hours . None of the buttons would respond until the phone was recradled for a moment . -LRB- This would happen even after the batteries were fully charged . -RRB- I returned the first two for refunds , but the third time I sent a message to VTech 's online `` support . '' Their email response was
 This phone has some really nice features like speakers so you can do handfree and i never hear other people talking on my line that was so annoying with my old 900 MHZ phone.Something i do n't like include
 Do n't be fooled , as I was , into buying this phone set . I have the Vtech ip5825 , which is identical to the ip5850 minus the answering system . When you initially receive these phones the features will impress you , and it will work too . Then , after a short period of time -LRB- depending on your luck -RRB- , things begin to run downhill fast . In my case -LRB- see my review on the 5825 -RRB- the phone would not hang up the line after only 3 months of use . I had to contact customer service and only because I 'm obsessive did I see the thing through in dealing with Vtech support or lack there of . I 'm sure others would have given up early on . They -LRB- Vtech -RRB- sure do n't make it easy to get them to honor their guarantee . After all is said and done , my refurbished Vtech phones are going south again . Now the batteries , as many other Vtech owners have attested to , are failing.You may see some 4 and 5 star reviews but I 'm sure most of these owners reported on their immediate impressions , not their opinions after owning the phones for a few months -LRB- that 's all it takes for them to fail in some way -RRB- . My advice is to look at the poor ratings and experiences of those who have had these phones for some period of time , and then steer clear of them . A word to the wise is sufficient .
 After 2 years , the battery would randomly die even though it 's sitting on the charger . You have to take it out and place it back in to charge it . It 's frustrating to have the phone not working when you needed it especially since it 's been sitting on the charger for days
 Bought the system 21/2 years ago and it broke down just over 1 year later when the warranty expired -LRB- of course -RRB- . Bought another one because I thought it was a good deal -LRB- what was I thinking ? -RRB- and guess what ? It broke down after 18 months . One phone was inoperable.Besides , you ca n't see the how much of a charge the phone has left after it is out of the base . Stay away from V-Tech or A.T. & T.as ; they bought V-Tech a while back and make the phones.Had a Panasonic long ago and it lasted 10 + years . Just bought a new Panasonic and am very pleased with it so far . Much better system .
 Phone worked fine for a year , then would not charge the batteries . replaced batteries in both hand sets , still wo n't charge reliably . weekly check battery message while sitting on the charger.Will not buy another VTech phone
 I purchased this phone 5 months ago and have had problems since day one . First , the secondary handset never charged properly and I was constantly getting a `` Warning Check Battery '' message . I would take the batteries out , put them back in , but the phone would only work for a few hours or so before I got another warning message . I even bought new rechargeable batteries for this unit , and it still did n't work ... now this handset is completely dead . My other handset now has the same problem . In addition , when the phone rings , I ca n't answer it , and the caller ID does not function ! The only thing I can do is dial out ! After calling customer service several times and not getting anywhere I finally got an agent who did acknowledge that my phone was in fact defective and malfunctioning and that I was entitled to a replacement ... Finally ! Then she tranfers me to the replacement dept which is just a voice mail giving me instructions to send back the phone , with original receipt , insure it and send it UPS , jump through other hoops and then MAYBE I 'd get a new phone in 2-3 weeks !! Since it 's their defective phone and it 's under warranty , they should send me a functioning phone before I send back my only phone -LRB- albeit , a barely functioning one -RRB- ! When I called back to see if they would do this the answering was a resounding NO , NO , NO ... they just do n't care ! Now I have to go buy a new phone until I get my replacement from VTech ... not that I even want it now !! I will never by another VTech product again . Awful experience .
 After 7 months of moderate to low use , the handsets both stopped working at the same time . If I take out the batteries and and reinsert them , the handset works again for an hour or a day , depending on I do n't know what . It 's not that the batteries are dead , they may work for a day or 2 , then stop again . I replaced the recharageable batteries for $ 30 ... but the same thing kept happening . The phone still rings and records messages , but 80 % of the time when I try to answer a call , the handset is dead . The only other problem with this phone-answerer is that the messages are much less clear than my 16 year old Panasonic tape answering machine ! It has many other helpful features and seems a bargin for the price , but is no use to me if the handsets do n't work . I 'm looking for a more reliable system .
 We have had this phone for about 18 months now and the batteries on both phones are dead . I see now that this is consistent with the experience of many other users . Of course the batteries require a special order and each appear to cost $ 21 - so you 'll end up paying the cost of this phone every year to 18 mo. , that is if the battery even lasts that long after being replaced . Very dissappointing because this phone is otherwise great . Good features , nice style , works well with Vonage and our wireless network . We are now buying a Panasonic and are completely turned off of Vtech .
 This phone sucks . I got this only month ago . The second handset whenever I put it on the charger complains about `` CHECK BATTERY '' . I have to remove the battery and put it back in grrrrrrrrrrr.Charge does not hold more than a day . Overall , bad phone . go buy some other phone .
 After having this phone for about 2 years I am now looking for a new one . The batteries do n't carge in the base because of a loose fitting phone . I have had to buy rechargable NiMH batteries and charge them so I can have a phone that works instead of getting a check battery message on the phone every time I go to pull it from its base . now the number buttons seem to be having a bit of a problem as it takes 2-3 times pressing the number 6 before it will acknowledge it.I 'm not overly impressed by this product . I think I will be switching brands . I 've had v-Tech phones for > 10 years .
 This phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call . It never fails , when I need to make a really important call -- the static is so loud I ca n't hear at all . Every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we ca n't hear . And Target would n't take it back without the box -- How long are we supposed to keep the box - reasonably !!
 Lapinator ; do n't believe the hype ! This product does not perform as advertised . This device is supposed to keep your legs cool and comfortable . It does neither . - The temperature may be reduced by only a few degrees , but not enough to make it comfortable , much less `` cool '' . - What makes matters worse is that the `` Thinsulate '' feels like sandpaper on my legs -LRB- I 'm in TEXAS , so I 'm nearly always in shorts when using my laptop at home -RRB- . - As for the product quality , it does seem to be made a little on the delicate side . I 've only used it for several weeks , but it does n't look like it will hold up for years of service . - And one more thing I dislike is its size . I use a 15 '' laptop and the edges hang off of the Lapinator ~ 3/4 '' on each side . Now I admit that I did n't read the size specs . on this item , nonetheless , buyer beware . - On the stability side , it works just fine . Very stable on my lap when the included adhesive feet are used . These keep the laptop from sliding off the Lapinator . - Definitely , this item is not worth $ 25 .
 Used Lapinators for a few years but had to buy a new one to accomodate widescreen notebook . Even though the notbook has four rubber `` legs '' , the computer still slips on the lapinator.Yes , the order included three round rubber bumpers to glue on top of Lapinator , but this does n't help as the bottom of the notebook still slips.The wide Lapinators are simply too slippery ; knowing that the company included the rubber bumpers.Poor design of a product I previously endorsed .
 i have been using this product for a few weeks now . it is very comfortable and provides a great base for the laptopthe problem ? it is TOO HOT ... this is only marginally better than having no venting at all . i have another type of lap desk without the padding and it keeps my lap top very cool.so you have a choice to make , comfort or cooling ... unfortunately this product does NOT provide both
 I bought this because it is light and all around minimal . I commute 3 hours on a bus to work so I wanted something to be used on my lap primarily and easy to carry around . I would actually give it a thumbs up if the 3 rubber feet did n't slide off the holder . I actually do n't mind cheap materials if it does n't get in the way of the product functioning . I have a MacBook Pro and without the rubber feet , the computer slides off the holder . I contacted Lapinator to inquire how to purchase more rubber feet for the Lapinator and they have n't responded in 2 weeks . I have since bought the Xpad Non-slip Laptop Cooler & Heatshield and am MUCH happier . Even though it is a bit more to carry around , the rubber `` feet '' are built in so I do n't have the issues I had with the Lapinator .
 The plastic becomes pliable when it 's hot and basically sucks right up to the vents on the bottom of your computer , even with the little rubber feet in place . It really blocks the heat alright . . blocks it from escaping the computer at all !
 LATEST EDIT : It was very wrong of me to post my previous review . The product came with three rubber feet to grip the laptop . They were in a seperate package , so I thought it was optional . After attaching the feet , I have had ZERO problems -LRB- even at extreme angles -RRB- . On another issue , after I wrote this review , I received an email from Lapinator 's customer service . We wrote back and forth , -LRB- very fast replies on their part -RRB- and they offered the 19 '' Lapinator Plus because mine was n't satisfactory . I declined once I found out the rubber feet were n't working . I am pleasantly amazed at their customer support.I have been using this product for several months now and am EXTREMELY pleased with it 's durability and performance.In the end , consider me a very happy customer!Lastly , I did n't know I could edit my reviews until I came back to buy another one . I saw the edit button and you see the result . ------------------------------------------------------------- I bought this product primarily for use on my bed and reclining in chair . I was under the belief that it had a non-slip surface that my laptop could grip in to.I have now used this pad for several weeks , and can tell you without a doubt that it does indeed slip . When at the slightest angle , your laptop comes sliding into your stomach , leading to uncomfortable arm angles.On the issue of insulating your leg from heat , I would rate this product better . There have only been a few occurances where my legs have gotten warm or uncomfortable . It is for that reason alone I have even kept the thing.My 15.4 inch laptop hangs over the edge , but this is not an issue as the feet are still on it . It is very light for carrying around in a backpack .
 I ordered this as a gift for my daughter , but would be to embarrassed to give it to her , once I saw the product . It 's very cheap looking . I plan on returning it , even if I have to lose out on the shipping cost .
 I do n't know what the difference is between the Lapinators I bought and the ones that are getting all the good reviews , but I needed a lapdesk that would keep my laptop cool and so I bought in to the hype and purchased 3 of these . Got them in and tried one - it was a bit small for my laptop and my son 's , but my daughter has a tiny laptop and it fit OK on there . But it did n't take long at all for my laptop AND the Lapinator to get blistering hot ! I thought this was a LOT of money for what I received when I opened the package , but seriously , it is n't worth a dime if it does n't keep your laptop cool . My recommendation
 This product has a patent pending and is made in China -- but these facts are not listed in the product detail . It 's cheaply made and ridiculously over-priced for what it is . I shop online on Amazon at least 2-5 times a month and have never been so seriously disappointed in a purchase . Buy something else of better quality than this lapinator .
 I own a Lapworks laptop desk , which I loved until the little rubber bumbers lost their stickiness and my laptop started sliding . After a false start with antother type of laptop desk , I ordered a Lapinator . Fantastic customer service , lightning fast shipping , and I thought I was in love . The Lapinator is light-weight and comfortable , even though it 's tilt angle is not adjustable . I ordered extra rubber bumpers and installed 5 rubber bumpers on the Lapinator just to make sure there was enough ventialtion . I was using a Sony S260 and just bought an SZ360 . I placed the S260 on my old Lapworks laptop desk and had the SZ360 on the Lapinator while transferring files . At first I was shocked at how much hotter the SZ360 's palmrest and mousepad were as compared with the S260 , but then realized the problem was the Lapinator . Now that I have the SZ360 on the Lapworks laptop desk , it 's much cooler ! I mean MUCH cooler . So I 'm back to figuring out how to keep the laptop from sliding on my old Lapworks laptop desk or just biting the bullet and buying a new one . Sorry Lapinator , you need to change the design , punch some holes in it or install some fins or something . Sure it keeps my lap cool but it causes my laptop to heat up way too much .
 If your laptop is hot enough to need a heat-dispersing lap desk , then you might want to try something else.My laptop -LRB- a Dell Inspiron 5100 -RRB- gets hot , but not hot enough to burn my legs . I just wanted something to keep it a little cooler so the fan did n't have to run all the time . Within a week of use , the Lapinator 's corners had warped downwards , curving the middle of the Lapinator 's surface up to the point where it was touching the bottom of my laptop -LRB- an upward curve of about 1/4 inch -RRB- even _ with _ the extra rubber feet -LRB- seen in the product picture -RRB- attached . This cut off air flow and rendered the Lapinator useless for ventilation purposes.I guess it 's back to square one for me . If you want something to keep your laptop cool , I 'd suggest trying a product made of a thicker plastic , or another material that does n't warp so easily .
 This is not made well - a hard board with a piece of covering . Hard to keep the computer on it . I would have returned it but it would have cost me just as much to keep it . Do not buy .
 I had been having a problem with my Toshiba A75 bottom-venting laptop overheating and shutting down on occasion due to extended use and thought the Lapinator might solve this problem . As soon as I tried out my Lapinator and with only 3 applications running , my laptop overheated and shut itself down within 3 minutes of use -LRB- it normally takes over an hour with multiple programs running if it overheats at all -RRB- ; my laptop at the time of the trial was completely cool , not having been turned on since the night before . I let my laptop cool down and tried the Lapinator again , this time with only 2 applications running , and it overheated in less than 5 minutes.The Lapinator arrives with a warning sheet for `` hot laptops '' to use the rubber bumpers included -LRB- which I did -RRB- to prevent permanent warping of the Lapinator surface and as a mechanical engineer , I can see how this would happen after the two trials I ran with my own laptop and the heat-reflecting problem from the Lapinator.If you 're primarily considering buying the Lapinator to keep your computer cool , I 'd recommend a wooden desk top which keeps my laptop much cooler -LRB- in worst case situations , I prop up the back of my Toshiba laptop with a paperback book to allow for better air circulation -RRB- . If you 're primarily looking to buy the Lapinator to keep your lap cool , I 'd recommend investing about $ 2 in a piece of plywood from your local hardware store , cut to whatever size you 'd like , depending on whether you 'd like to use a mouse or not.Alternately , you can go into your kitchen , take out one of your wood or plastic cutting boards and for cushioning , put a pillow under it -LRB- or when flying , one of the blankets the airlines provide -RRB- and place your laptop on top . Either surface will serve as a lightweight , easily portable work surface which will keep your laptop and lap cool at the same time -LRB- and cost next to nothing ! -RRB- . By the way , I could n't fit the Lapinator into my laptop bag - it was too long and too thick .
 This product came very late and looked old and used . There are a lot of scratch marks on the clear vinyl cover and the size is not generous enough for a thicker than normal magazine . I would want to return it but having to pay shipment and spending time doing it is just not worth it . Buyer beware !
 I purchased a good number of these journals at one time to use in my Fiorentina journal . When they arrived , I noticed that they are a little smaller than the Fiorentina refills which is okay . However , the paper is thinner and is of lesser quality , the bookmark is taped to the spine -LRB- instead of glued -RRB- , and the binding is glued instead of sewed which means it splits open when you press the book down to write on it.Overall , I would not reorder this product or recommend it for the reasons above . I recommend paying a little more for better refills for your journal .
 I bought two of them . One a few weeks after the other . The first one was good . I 'm still using it . But the second one was a completely different thing . The material was cheap and the craft was shabby . It broke only in a few weeks . Why the product changed so much for the same product ID ??
 this lapdesk from the picture is just great , sadly is the old version , the new one is on black and is to fragile , easy to broke ... they sell you the picture but they give you the new one . if you buy it be very careful when you use it , mine is already broken . : -LRB-
 The main problem with this product is that over a year 's time it started to slowly crack and fall apart.I 'm not one who normally rushes to return an item at the first hint of trouble , especially if the product is still functional.However , eventually the LapDesk broke apart at the hinges and is now unusable.At a price of $ 30 for a small piece of plastic , I expected more.To make matters worse , although a Targus Customer Service rep implied that they were aware this product had issues -LRB- also see other online reviews -RRB- , their response/resolution was - `` it 's out of warranty , but here 's the model number of our new redesigned lapdesk for purchase '' . No Thanks.I 've purchased many consumer products over the years , and occasionally had products that were spectacular failures.The companies I 've contacted have stood by their products and offered full replacement , many times for out of warranty items . For the out of warranty products , the companies were willing to consider their products ' histories of issues , as well as my individual experiences.Targus seems to be a company unwilling to listen , investigate , and stand by their products , and I 'll be looking elsewhere for Laptop accessories .
 I order the Targus PA243U Portable lapdesk which is the gray solid . However , the item that they delivered is not the same as what is in the picture which is the gray solid lapdesk . What I got is the brown lapdesk with open slot and it is thinner than the gray lapdesk that if you try to lift you could see it bending in the middle because it so thin and ca n't hold the weight of the laptop . The heat from the laptop also travels between the open slot so if you have this on your lap you could feel the heat on your legs .
 I was n't expecting much , but what I got is NOT what is shown at all . It is full gray , with only a few small rubber pads . I wanted a light , cheap , wide laptop tray so I could place my laptop across my knees when sitting cross-legged , but the entire thing began to break within weeks of purchase . The very sides started first , cracking where I 'd pick it up and where the closures are . A few months later , the entire middle just snapped except for one small part of the hinge . It 's being held together with duct tape until I get a good laptop tray.Do not expect it to hold anything over 5 pounds , and do not expect it to last even a few months . Not a good buy .
 The Targus PA24SU notebook desk is an interesting attempt at providing both cooling and a convenient lap desk in one unit . I really wanted to like this product and the price was right . Unfortunately the lapdesk turned out to be a bit of disappointment . The laptop desk turned out to be un-sturdy and rather flimsy . Worst , the unit actually became hot when using my laptop over prolonged periods of time . During usage the unit also did not dissipate heat very well from the laptop . This may be more from my own laptop 's odd size -LRB- 16 inch -RRB- but the unit definitely did not help with cooling . Plus , for those that like to use a regular mouse with their laptop , the unit is really awkward to use on its own . The narrow ends tend to make it easy for either the laptop or mouse pad to overhang the edges . Not recommended .
 I happen to use an Apple Powerbook 15 '' , which is a gorgeous machine , truly the BMW of computers , and may I say , designed with sensibilities reminiscent of the Porsche Design Group.Naturally , the Targus LapDesk is no match design-wise , but does n't even seem designed with the notebook user/traveler in min .1 -RRB- Clunky design . Cleverly combining two identical fitting parts may be a boon in production but bypasses the functionality it should afford . In fact , I found my Powerbook peculiarly balancing on top of the hinge and even sliding off the tray while using it in bed . Remember , form follows function , not the other way around . It 's design rule # 1.2 -RRB- Lack of heat dissipation . When I noticed that the Powerbook 's fan kept coming on I discovered that the Mac runs actually cooler without the LapDesk . No surprise , as there 's no ventilation whatsoever once the notebook is placed on the LapDesk . The tiny air channel is actually a closed loop in tilted position . A few holes would have made a difference , but the gutters used should at least have had front and end openings in tilted position . In tray position the surface runs too hot to be comfortable on one 's lap .3 -RRB- The `` desk '' aspect . The greatest mistake is perhaps cladding the left and right surface areas with the same anti-slip rubber used to hold the notebook in place . Better would 've been to extend a smooth surface all the way to the edge to allow for today 's wireless mouse , such as the Kensington which currently not only ca n't move on the rubber , but also loses its optical tracking . However , a traditional mouse did n't fare much better as the area is just too small and does n't increase by moving the notebook further to the other side . In its fold-out position the LapDesk suffers from its greatest design flaw
 Cheap plastic thing . You would want something that is more sturdy in your lap . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 You get what you pay for . This thing is so flimsy you ca n't even move your computer on it . Do n't waste your money .
 As with many things Targus , this is overpriced cheap plastic and it may keep your lap cooler , but does n't do a thing for cooling your notebook in any possible way . It also in the Unfolded position , 1 . does n't fit widescreen laptops well as there is no room for a mouse and 2 . probably will break if I lifted it onto my lap . I use the folded position to use the tilt function . It 's still overpriced for what you get . I 'd say it 's worth $ 10 but probably made for about $ 2 . I 've owned this for 2 months now and the rubber standoffs do n't work very well anymore and the notebook does n't stay put in tilt anymore . -LRB- that and it will eventually rip my COA 's off the bottom of the Notebook . -RRB-
 I bought this cooling pad twice.First time was back in 2007 . Very , very sturdy and well made . Quality plastic was used . No flex whatsoever . Unfortunately I lost it 8 months ago by misplacing it , so decided to buy it again.The second time I bought it was April 2011 . All I can say is WOW , OMG !!! Super cheap plastic , and the flex was unreal . Plastic started cracking within the first 3 days . Returned it ASAP.The model they make now is so cheap and flimsy , not worth $ 5 . The older version was well worth the $ 30 I paid for it.My opinion , keep looking .
 This stand is too flimsy for my large laptop . It might work for a smaller one . A much better solution is the Allsop Metal Art Notebook Stand.Allsop Metal Art Notebook Stand
 This is basically just a piece of plastic with slots in it that folds . Nothing more and nothing less.Sure there are grips on it to keep a computer from supposedly sliding off , but they do not work . I thought -LRB- by the picture -RRB- that they would have some sort of legs on it , but there is no legs at all on this.I was very disappointed . I merely use this for a tray to use my mouse and that is it .
 I was disappointed in this product . First comment , I also was expecting the long , gray tray -LRB- as some other people commented -RRB- . It appeared that there would be a spot on the tray for a mouse . Not the case . The slats go all the way across . My second complaint is that it actually hurts to put it on my lap . The bottom lip digs into my legs . I ended up putting my laptop carrying case down and then the tray on top of it . Also , I am continually adjusting my laptop because it slides off the `` non-slip '' surface . Sorry to be so negative , but I was really excited to get this and then so disappointed with it .
 I should have read some of the more recent reviews , this product has indeed been redesigned and kept the same part number . It is strong enough to support my laptop , but only just . The quality just is n't there anymore . It keeps a bit of heat off of my lap when I 'm on the go , but the laptop slides around on the surface . It also does a very poor job holding the laptop in place when used as a stand . Do yourself a favor , keep looking .
 I liked the portability and the tilt stand feature but thethin , flimsy plastic cracked under the weight of my laptop when extended flat . Probably fine for small , lightweight laptops but steer clear if you have a heavyweight !
 The notebook portable lapdesk was Ok until we put the laptpo on it and lifted the portable lapdesk up with our laptop on it . The notebook portable lapdesk cracked down the center . Our laptop is n't that heavy and it should have been able to withhold the weight of the laptop but it did n't . Now we can only use our purchased product on a table with our laptop on it to give it circulation to keep our laptop cooler but we ca n't use it to place on our lap when sitting on the couch . We only used it a few times before it broke . Not satisfied with it 's durability/strength . I would not advise purchasing one if your going to use it to rest on your lap and use your laptop .
 I was surprised to find that this item did n't stack up to it 's reviews I read . Maybe the design has changed ... It folds in half for easy storage ... we it does this while you are trying to use it to support the laptop if you are moving it at all.It has a , for lack of a better description , flap that I have no idea what it does - this product was new and in the package , but came with no directions . This flap is attached at the center -LRB- where it folds -RRB- and can be flipped to either side . What it is for is a mystery to me.The ad I read stated it had room for a mouse . There is no room for a mouse as I have a 17 '' screen and even if there was room for a mouse , there is no flat surface to use it or a mouse pad on - it is all slatted for air circulation , which it actually does do well.I use this product on my lap , as it was listed as a laptop lap desk when I searched for it . It is uncomfortable as it has zero padding , and as I mentioned above , tends to fold at the center while it is being used.The moral of this story is you get what you pay for ... I got mine for under $ 20 with tax and shipping . Money I wish I 'd used towards something else .
 I bought this product because my brother had one and it was good quality . However Targus has redesigned the part without changing the part number . The new design part I received was very flimsy and would not support a standard laptop without significant bowing . The marketing photo at the time of purchase was the old , good design . The part shipped was the new , bad design . I returned the part .
 I bought this product primarily to elevate my laptop for cooling . For that purpose it works however for the price I expected something of a much sturdier construction . This product wobbles when I am typing . I bought this particular product because I thought it would be handy to have a portable lap desk . When used as a lap desk it needs to be supported in the center . If you try to pick up it from the sides with your laptop on it , it starts to bow in the center . I think it would not take much for it to break . I 've been using this product for a couple of weeks and I am starting to feel more ripped off the more I use it.Also I noticed that for some reason not all the reviews listed under this particular product actually are about this product . One review spoke of an on/off switch ; there is n't anything like that one this . So read the reviews carefully.Normally I am usually very pleased with everything I have purchased from Amazon and more then once my purchase has exceeded my expectations . But this particular product falls very short of what I had expected to receive.This particular product is too flimsy for the price . I 'm seriously thinking of looking into returning it even though I think I 've actually had it for a least a month .
 I was expecting this product to be a lot more sturdy in my lap . It might work great for a traveling business person who has no other options but this product was not made for the home user with a wireless keyboard as it is not very comfortable on the lap and the surface is not big enough for a keyboard and a normal size mouse . Laptop mouse might work within the surface constraints . I do not see how anyone could use this product with the weight of a laptop . Overall , I was disappointed and would not recommend this product to anyone .
 In the thumbnail photos below the main photo on this listing -LRB- Targus PA243U -RRB- , there is a photo of a lapdesk without massive grooves , but it has plenty of space for a mouse . This is not the item listed . I own the item listed and would LOVE to buy the one pictured in the thumbnail photos . If you know where I can get one , please advise.This rating is not indicative of the quality of the listed lapdesk , just given to get someone 's attention . I like the listed one but it really lacks in mouse space . Literally the flat mouse space is one inch wide by about 5 inches high . Too small for me .
 The delivered item does not look like the picture . The plastic is flimsy . The rubber pads keep the notebook from sliding.But the edge has a 1/4 inch raise lip on the bottom - making it uncomfortable after an hour with bare skin -LRB- Shorts/skirts -RRB- Xbrand XB-1004 Laptop Lap Desklooks better
 I purchased the original lapdesk that this product is based on . While this looks the same in the picture , this item is meant for a much much lighter laptop than any I have used . Might be good for the ultra-sub-notebook set , but not much good for anything modestly sized . I suggest that you look for another lapdesk .
 This is my second review on this product . The first one was deleted after I noted that the images showed two different products
 The Notebook Portable Lapdesk props up your laptop , so that you do n't destroy your wrists while typing . I have used it every day for the past year and I am not unhappy with it . It does not cool the laptop like several other Targus products also reviewed here , but it certainly provides a better angle.However , I made the mistake of always placing my laptop in the same little plastic hook -LRB- there are 4 or 5 to choose from when you adjust the angle -RRB- every time I used it . This mistake and the fact that the lapdesk does n't cool the laptop led to the little hook melting and the lapdesk collapsing . I am using the other little hooks now , but I do n't like the angle quite so much.I do n't know whether a year is the average life expectancy of these products , but I find it short .
 The middle consist of about eight small plastic hinges . When I received the item , one of the hinges was cracked . Within a day or two , another hinge cracked . Yesterday , one whole side of hinges cracked in two . Like others have said , the item received is not the same as the one pictured . The item received does not have an area for a mouse . I did receive a full refund .
 I read a review of this product where the reviewer cautioned that his beamer was defective right out of the box , but I chalked that up to pre-production glitches . The first pair of beamers I ordered also had a unit defective right out of the box - it was as if the horizontal hold on one display was turned all the way up . When the replacement pair arrived , one of those units went dark and stayed dead within 15 minutes of being plugged in.It seemed pretty easy to setup , just plug in the power and attach the phone cord in much the same way you would connect an answering machine . But I really ca n't recommend the product because of quality problems .
 I bought the `` 2 fer the price of 1 '' units . 1 for me , 1 for my folks in New England so they can see my daughter via the video phone . Seems like a good deal , right ? The 2 pairs arrived to me in the Midwest . I kept one and shipped the other to New England . My folks and I set up our units only to discover their unit is defective and does not power up when plugged in . Great ! Terrific ! Now my folks have to repack and ship the defective unit to me . I then have to re-repack it and send it with my working unit back to Amazon . By the time we factor in all of the extra postage required for the returns and the forwarding this dual deal is hardly worth it . We are going to try again and I 've ordered a replacement pair . I guess I 'm a sucker . Is it too much to expect this product to work ? Buyer beware . And patient .
 I bought two units of the beamer and sent one to my family . Turn out one unit is defective - something wrong with the camera . If I send it back to Vialta for repair , they charge me close to $ 100 + shipping . I think this is a ridiculous amount , as it is almost enough to get a new one .
 Simply does n't work . Tried on number phone line connections . Definitely not video - at best can use for a snapshot of the person on the other end .
 My daughter and son in law bought the Vialta , and then I bought one . My son in laws family lives in England and for a very short time , they all worked . The quality was poor and the connection would cut out . Now , nothing works , none of the the products communicate , and they went out at the same time . Very very serious loss of money and a way to communicate . I do not recommend this product to anyone who is interested in on line communication.They the web video came , set a skype internet account , and you will find this a better way to stay in touch .
 This video phone is the biggest garbage in the world . I bought one it is a waste of money . Video quality is horrible and cheap !! U will not be happy with this . I also have a motorola OJO video phone . That is much better than this . If your gon na get a video phone get the OJO . The price is higher but the video quality is superb !!
 My wife and I are separated and we thought the Beamer would be the perfect choice to bridge our distance . No way ! The video at best , is so pixelated and time lagged that the little tiny screen barely shows who or what you 're looking at . Never has it been in `` real time '' and it 's no better then the first web cams that came out on the internet six years ago . I 've done my diagnostics and it 's the Beamer , not my phone line or connection.It 's not a video phone ; it 's a waste of time , waste of money , waste of extra phone call charges from when it `` connects '' , and most of all , a great dissapointment for two people who are apart .
 We bought this phone to share Christmas with relatives in another state . Despite the advertised ease-of-use , the phone DID NOT WORK . We never established a video connection . This may have something to do with our having DSL service -- but try finding any information at the Vialta website or in the user 's manual . NO helpful troubleshooting info , and the device is so `` simple '' that there is absolutely nothing you can tweak when it does n't work . Customer service at Vialta was unavailable.A HUGE waste of money .
 WARNING - test BOTH Beamers before sending one to Grandma . I ordered the dual set and BOTH Beamers are defective . Plug them in and NOTHING , no image . I get a dial tone but absolutely no `` Beamer is now ready '' message , just a blank screen -LRB- yes I plugged it in and tested it on several power outlets and several different phone lines -RRB- . I have sent an irate message to Vialta support and told them what a defective product they are selling.Now I have to have my mother 's assistant package up her unit and ship it to me so that I can ship it back to Amazon . For a product that is INTENDED to be shipped far away for long-distance communication , you would think that Vialta would test their products more thoroughly .
 Ruined X-mas and holiday . I bought a pair of beamers , one for my 90 year old mother in Florida and one for myself to use in Missouri , they DID N'T / DO N'T WORK ... I took them back to Best Buy and they were excellent about taking them back . I still would like to have a pair to use but ca n't find out why they would ' t work nor find any place to get questions answered . HELP
 This video phone is the biggest garbage in the world . I bought one it is a waste of money . Video quality is horrible and cheap !! U will not be happy with this . I also have a motorola OJO video phone . That is much better than this . If your gon na get a video phone get the OJO . The price is higher but the video quality is superb !!
 GARBAGE , GARBAGE , GARBAGE - This product does not work with digital phone lines - the customer service is non-existent . Steer clear of this product . It simply did not work for us - and you have to buy to ind out it does n't work .
 I received one of these beamers for Christmas so that my parents and brother could see my new baby anytime they wanted . It did n't work . But because my parents and brother both had one , I bought another . It does n't work either . Steer clear from this company and their lousy products !!!!!
 Ruined Christmas . Bought two for wife so she and her mother could talk -LRB- and see -RRB- coast-to-coast . Had both units sent to us so wife could see how it works before shipping one to my mother-in-law . Hooked one up , it powered on and I excitedly went to neighbors to hook up second and try it out . Hooked up , plugged in , NOTHING . Tried other wall plugs but still NOTHING . Unit defective , returning to Amazon , we 'll see how return process goes -LRB- only did one return before , was n't the easiest -RRB- . Wife and mother-in-law were very excited , now very disappointed . They will have to wait -LRB- weeks ? -RRB- , that 's assuming we get a replacement and that one works . Otherwise will have to settle for refund -LRB- better be full refund if they go that route -RRB- then try to find one -LRB- thought I was in good shape and ahead of Xmas rush by buying on Dec. 5 -RRB- .
 I bought 4 boxes of this product a couple of years ago . First I thought it was good buy . But after hanging some pictures in my office for a few months , I noticed that they started fading . I used the same Canon printer on some Kodak papers . The pictures still look very nice even after three years . I will never buy this product
 I agree with everyone that this paper produces terrific results initially . If the prints are exposed to direct light for any period of time , serious fading becomes evident -LRB- using canon inks in a s750 canon printer -RRB- . The pictures on my pegboard at work have faded to almost nothing within 3 months . Although I have not tried the photopaper pro , I would not trust this paper for archival photos . For about the same price -LRB- and less hassle -RRB- , I am using online printing from now on .
 I have always used Universal paper , and will again . This Bright White simply does not allow the image to stand out on the paper . In fact it makes it look rather dull and lackluster . I gave it 2 stars because of the price . If your sign/poster is for a one-off event , this might do .
 I tried this , but it is not very good ! Do n't buy it ! It is a fake !
 I bought it because the price after rebate was pretty low . I guess that you get what you pay for.However , this is somewhat larger than needed . It probably could be done in 2/3 to 1/2 the dimensions . It does not fit in a shirt pocket or front pocket . It does fit into a hip pocket ; but I am not sure that is a good thing to do.It has a lot of functions that are not needed if you are looking for a Spanish/English translator , as I was .
 I returned this translator because the vocab was n't large enough -LRB- my fault for not reading all the specs -RRB- , but I also thought the keyboard was crowded and not easy to use . I got a Merriam-Webster translator instead .
 Insert a word and it comes up with many selections to choose from . If you do n't know the word ... how can you select one ?
 This scale was not accurate , also the box had opened before , the wrapping plastic was tore also there were finger prints all over on the surface . I called in - focus they did n't admit the scale was used . They said they do n't sale used items . I asked for exchanging they gave me a RMA number then had me reorder another one . Several days after the money back to my credit card , they charged me 20 % stocking fee . I called them again , they said the wrapping packing was tore , that 's exactly what I got . They did n't admit that 's the item they sold was used , which means I tore down the wrapping plastic . However , The new item D7001 I reordered took almost 20 days to deliver . They sucks .
 After reading many reviews I thought this was the scale . Very disappointed to find that it was dead out of the box . No display , does n't turn on on either batteries or the ac adaptor . Worse news , since it did n't have the adaptor included , I bought the one avaiable from another vendor . Since it is another vendor , I have to pay shipping to return the now unnecessary adaptor . The return shipping costs more than the adaptor . Now I 'm stuck with another electrical adaptor to throw in the box!Two lessons learned
 I ordered an `` Ultraship '' scale in hope that it weighs accurately so I do n't have to deal with the airport 's hassles of opening up all the luggages to take the stuffs out.It weighed a box at 45 pounds while the health scale and the scale at the airport both showed 50 pounds . Luckly I did not stuff some more in the box before going to the airport to find out your scale was way wrong.I sent the above message to the seller and no response . Amazon is no help either . I threw the scale in the trash can , where this `` made-in-China '' piece of scr * p deserves , instead of hassling more with this bad seller.Lesson learned ... do n't make my mistake .
 Received the scale , happy to finally be able to ship from home ... Low and behold , the weight will not stabilize , even after following all the troubleshooting steps , trying it with battery power , totally stable surfaces , etc. I contacted the seller , and they said I could send it back on MY DIME for a replacement when they sent out a faulty product to start with.Poor product , poor service , I just junked the thing in my dumpster and will not be dealing with this company again .
 I bought this scale about a year ago and use it only occasionally at home . I have never placed anything heavier than 3 pounds on the scale , and I 've probably only used it 20 times during the past year . It has already died ! The display stays at zero no matter how much weight I place on the scale . It 's just stuck at zero . I called UltraShip and they said to return it for repair or replacement ; however , due to the weight of the machine , it would cost as much , if not more , to ship it back to them than to just buy a new one , which explains how they can offer a lifetime warranty on these machines . They know that no one would bother to return a broken scale when , for the same price or less , they could just buy a brand new one . When I made that comment to the person on the phone , he said absolutely nothing in response . Although the scale seems to work fine in the beginning , do n't count on it lasting a long time . Probably due to flimsy construction .
 I have yet to use this item because despite the photo , it did not come with the power plug . `` optional '' means that it is not included in the package . i thought it meant that you could use either corded power or batteries -LRB- which is true , you just need to have a spare AC adaptor that has the type of connector needed to use with this item -RRB- . note the instructions that come with the item do not actually clarify what type of ac adaptor to purchase , just that you should use the correct AC adaptor .
 Typically I do not buy products that do not come ready to use out of the box . In this case I was really annoyed when I got the package expecting to open it up and begin using it that I had been duped !!! This scale requires four C-Cell batteries and an AC Adaptor . It appears the AC adaptor wo n't work without the addition of the four C-cell batteries . In any case you certainly ca n't use it out of the box !!! Even if you have your own AC Adaptor , it wo n't work without the 4 C-Cell batteries !!! I call that deceptive advertising and marketing . What a monumental waste of time !!! Rate this product a D MINUS for shipping it without the necessary parts to make it work .
 I have no idea how this works as a scale ; the directions are so obtuse I have never finished `` assembling '' it . I 'm not usually one to give up in frustration , and do n't have more than the usual problems following directions , but the ones to get this assembled and working are just ridiculous . I gave up .
 When I turned the scale it didnt work . I tried batteries and adapter . Just blue light turns on , but then nothing happens . Very disappointing .
 THIS IS THE 3RD TIME I WAS ASKED FOR THIS REVIEW , THREE TIMES ? I FILL IT OUT AND SPENT LOTS OF MY TIME AND IT DOESNT PROCESS , ANGERS ME . THIS PRODUCT IS MISREPRESENTED IN SEVERAL WAYS . ITS A CHEAP PLASTIC SCALE THAT FUNCTIONS AVERAGE AT BEST . NOT A QUALITY ITEM , ADVERTISEMENT SUGGESTS IT COMES WITH A AC POWER CORD THAT YOU CAN USE OPTIONALLY OR WITH BATTERIES . IT INSTEAD DOESNT EVEN INCLUDE THIS AC CORD AT ALL . THERE IS NO OPTION TO BUY AT PURCHASE TIME OR ITS COST . I WOULD NEVER BUY A SCALE I WOULD DEPEND ON FOR A LIVING THAT RAN ON BATTERIES . THIS WAS REPORTED TO AMAZON AND I WAS ASSURE THEY AGREE AND ACTION WOULD BE TAKEN THAT OVER A MONTH AGO . SO FAR , TALK NO ACTION . IF I CAN TRUST AMAZON TO ASSURE ACCURATE HONEST PRODUCTS THEN HOW CAN I PURCHASE FROM AMAZON . IVE BEEN A GOOD CUSTOMER OF AMAZON AND NOW IM SUSPECT . AMAZON YOU BROUGHT THIS ON YOURSELF . HOW TO LOSE A CUSTOMER AND OTHERS BY AMAZON.COM . LOOK AT REVIEWS ONE AND 2,3 , 4 STARS TO SEE EVERYONE EXPECTED A AC CORD . HOW CHEAP , NOT A QUALITY ITEM MANY OTHER POSTAGE SCALES TO BUY THIS IS NOT FOR YOU.CHEAP PLASTIC , NO QUALITY , MISREPRESENTED . WHY AMAZON DIDNT GET BACK TO ME SHOCKS ME . WHAT OTHER PRODUCTS CANT YOU TRUST ??? DAVID TG
 Scale did n't come with A/C adapter -LRB- though in the picture and do n't say `` not included '' , the term `` optional '' is very deceiving -RRB- . Also , it does n't have the backlight on the screen or it does n't work ! I 'm rather disappointed , but it will suffice for what I need it for and it 's not worth my time to return it and find one with those options .
 DECEPTIVE , Ultraship 75 Digital Scale was pictured with a very obvious AC adapter but did not come with AC adapter , when I found the adapter did n't come with the scale I found you have to scroll down to read the AC adapter was optional , TRICKY . Also the headline says that it 's a 75 lb scale yet the description below says it is a 55 lb scale , CONFUSING.Scale works very good and shipping was quick . Sold by DAB Nutrition and fulfilled by Amazon .
 Button to change units was problematic from the beginning . Electronics completely went out in less than a year , and I used it maybe 12 times .
 I bought this chair two months ago and the left armrest has broken . I have to say this chair is very fragile.Besides , I called them one month ago and they said they will mail a new arm ; however , I have n't get that ... In conclusion , bad product , not recommanded .
 My right arm broke for no absolute reason , it just fell apart . I paid about 180 for this chair , would not buy again . Contacted manufacter . They said they would send an armrest replacement in about one week . Lets see how that goes .
 I was sitting in my chair , just barely a year old , only to slightly lean back and fall . The metal piece joining the base and the top of the chair just completely broke off . There was no way to prevent this , nor fix it . Looking into a replacement through the warranty , but I 'm thinking about not even bothering.UPDATE 10/1/2005
 I bought this chair a little over a month ago , and already my left armrest has broken in half . Contacted about getting a replacement , and told that I was out of luck.Complete waste of money , stay away
 I 'm really not certain that this is the chair I bought at all . The packaging was opened at the top and there were no accompanying documents -LRB- instructions , warranty , etc. -RRB- . I finally figured out that the chair back can be raised 5 clicks ; 6 clicks makes it slide all the way back down . The adjusting handle on the front left -LRB- for the seat to slide forward and back -RRB- is digging into my left calf so if you like to sit with your legs somewhat underneath you this chair is not going to work for you . Plus , I figured `` mid-back '' to mean that the top of the chair back would come up at least to my shoulder blades if not above them . Wrong . The majority of the chair back is in the small of my back -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- so do n't figure to be leaning your head back . Fit and finish are poor ; I do n't know whether this is lousy QC on Hon 's part of if the ride here from California was just rough , although some of the sewing is pretty amateurish.On the plus side , the chair arms are short so you can pretty much get as close to your work surface as you want . Also , the chair is fairly heavy so its durability is likely to be pretty good.For me , $ 400 for this chair is way too much . Yes , it 's adjustable but for another human , not me . I 'm going to hold on to it , though , because the original packing is absolutely unsuitable and also because it would be a complete pain in the rear trying to get this thing to a shipper . When I go to buy another office chair I wo n't be doing it online .
 Product description says the product is 0.80 mil , but the roll that arrived is 0.63 mil . Feels flimsy compared to wrap I have used in warehouses .
 The film is thinner and easier to tare apart on this product . I have used the Intertape 4349 Stretch-Flex and will stick with it from now on !
 Though there were no reviews , I thought to myself when I looked at this item `` how bad can a step stool be ? '' given that there are no moving parts and few variables . This step stool is OK . I was disappointed in two things
 I dod n't like the sound quality for the landline . Never used it for internet line , because I already have Vonage -LRB- internet phone -RRB- . Finally I bought another Panasonic KX-TG1033S which sounds much better with landline.Otherwise , the system seemed fine .
 This phone has such promise as a dual mode phone , but ... BIG but ... IP battery life is less than 1 hourWhen I use the TEL , if I 'm on a call for more than 30 minutes , the handset reboots . This is unacceptable ... but if you use this phone for business , that 's really unacceptable.Today I was on a TEL call and the battery dropped to 1 bar and rebooted while I was presenting to a customer!Called Panasonic technical support . Apparently , there must be only 1 person who knows this product , because they are never available and never call me back .
 Ordered phones . Waited a month . Received notice that phones `` were out of stock '' and a credit card refund . So , never received phones . How do you rate that ?
 Did not work that well for me
 Amber light was blinking continuously so tried contacting joip customer service . Looks like there is no way I can reach them.Sent email at support@joip.com, but it bounced back . Called their 1-800 number which is just a recorded message.I reset the device a couple of times , but still the same amber blinking light.No other choice except returning it.very much disappointed .
 I 've had two of these , and both were great at first and enabled me to not miss calls , but both stopped working after awhile . Pretty frustrating , as they are not cheap . I do n't know if I 'm doing something wrong , but I did n't change any of the connections .
 For PC -LRB- s -RRB- vs. Mac -LRB- s -RRB- . The install CD was cracked beyond usage for anyone . For those on dial up , perfect design and idea .
 Bought on Feb 4th and got it out to use today 2/13 and was shocked to find the machine does not punch the items you want to bind . Four of the punching dies do not raise up enough for even 1 sheet of regular paper to fit under . When I turned the machine over I could see the dies just dropping down and when I pushed them up with my finger they would just fall down again . The box showed damage but had a sticker on it -LRB- UPS -RRB- that said '' Important Note - Damage to outer carton has not affected the product inside . We have inspected the product thoroughly . '' I 'd say it had been dropped and the dies were knocked off . Check your shipments when they come ...
 This Oxford folder is made of paper rather than the stiff light pressed-board cover of the excellent Oxford Esselte two hole prong report cover . I ordered the 57301-05 cover thinking it was the excellent cover , that it is not . Unfortunately , the excellent cover was not available at Amazon .
 These report covers are VERY thin and flimsy . The fact that 25 of them fit in the box should have alerted me to that . If you are looking for sturdy report covers -LRB- including the kind that are sort of glossy -RRB- , do n't buy this . If you just need something about as thin as 2 sheets of paper to cover your report , this is what you want . I returned mine .
 These are exactly the type of dividers with tabs that I needed . I realize that these dividers are supposed to go through an off-set printer for the tab portion . However , we want to print up our own labels for the tabs . I ca n't believe Avery has no self-adhesive laser printable label that will fit these tabs . But I called Avery and they said NO . Going to look for them elsewhere .
 Most cordless phones theses days are a dissappointment . The Uniden TRU8866 and TCX860 are an improvement in usability , but still have some serious shortcomings .1 . Their microphone reception are very faint -LRB- to point of inaudability -RRB- on Hello direct and Plantronics headsets that work fine on other phones . Uniden 's answer is `` buy a Uniden headset . '' Right . Box does n't say Only works with Uniden Headset .2 . Their touch tones do n't work on many voice response systems I 've encountered . My other phones do .3 . While handset voice quality is good , range is less than any other cordless phone I have . Barely the length of my small house.I wo n't buy anymore handsets for this system and ca n't recommend it for the above reasons . I give two stars because they do have some novel features and if they fixed the above would be great .
 The product is defective and the seller has not responded to my emails .
 This item is listed as a `` Suggested Accessory For Uniden True 8885 '' but it is not designed to work with an 8885 system . Buyer beware , and look for a handset that is REALLY designed to work with an 8885 system.We needed to return the item and the automatic Amazon return system that was supposed to provide a printable shipping label did not work , so we had to wait a week or so to get one mailed to us .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 ... send it to me rather than buying a phone made by Uniden . I bought this phone and it never worked . This phone 's range in my home was completely limited to the room where the base was situated , and the reception was horrible even while standing next to the base . It 's not even like it was a little bit of fuzz or static on the line , it would cut out completely and explode into this wild and disturbing noise -LRB- similar to the noise you hear when you dial a fax number on your phone ... horrible -RRB- , and the sound is even worse on the other end of the line as I learned after calling home to my wife . We bought a 5.8 GHz by Uniden to replace this one , thinking that maybe we need a more powerful phone , but we had the exact same results ... extremely limited range and horrible clarity . We have since purchased a digital cordless phone/answering system by V-Tech and have had ZERO PROBLEMS . I 'm not trying to say that V-Tech makes the best phones because I 'm sure that there are many other quality brands , but from my very recent experience , Uniden phones are garbage . I encourage you to buy a different brand of phone so that you can avoid the trips back and forth to your electronics store returning terrible , worthless phones made by Uniden . I wish I could give this phone 0 stars .
 This phone lasted ~ 30 days before the handset would randomly emit loud static when talking to somebody . At 54 days the answering machine decided it would be a super idea to play the generic out going message AND the one I recorded at the same time . To do this , it had to sacrifice the feature of actually recording what people said . Glad I kept my reciept ...
 This phone worked well for one year . Then I moved and kept it in storage for a few months . When I tried using it again , the phone was so staticky that most of the time I could n't hear anyone , nor could the person on the other line hear me . Changing the channels did n't help at all . I basically do n't even use it anymore because -- even for 1-800 calls , I 'd rather use my cell phone minutes than deal with the headache of listening to the static and yelling over the static and repeating myself .
 Returnedthis phone a day after receiveng it . this unit has too much interference . as soon as you are a few feet away from the base unit you can not hear a thing . or best case if you do hear something it 's mixed with various noises.this is my second Uniden phone and my last .
 I ordered the phone earlier this month . The set up was easy and it worked beautifully.However the phone stopped working after 3 days , a short of some kind according to their techs.But dealing with Linksys / Cisco was a nightmare . The customer service was unbelievably consumer unfriendly . All they wanted to do was sluff off their problems . I will not buy another product from them.Its too bad because the phone is good when it works . So if it works , it is a `` 4 '' ; otherwise it is a `` 0 '' . Verinder
 The CIT200 Cordless Interned Telephony Kit for Skype did not work , is not supported by Linksys , and in my opinion , should not be sold . Zero stars!I should have paid more attention to all the negative reviews out there but thought that with my excellent technical knowledge , I could get the product to work .
 When the phone works it works very well . Clear sound on both ends . However , the big question is if it will work today . Furthermore , I wonder if Linksys has abandoned this product because the drivers need a lot of work and they are quite old .
 I 've heard such great things about this phone and was really looking forward to trying it out . Unfortunately the phone wo n't work with my computer and its frustrating that the Linksys was n't clear about this . It works only with 32bit versions of windows -- urgggg ! I 've got XP x64 and it craps out on the install . Various message boards are saying there are ways but it requires a bit of hacking to make it happen.I 'm sure its a great phone , but beware that if you have a 64bit operating system you may have woes !
 The phone is USB , and in theory should work with Apple Macintosh computers , but the Install disk only has Windows software to configure the phone.Too bad . Looked like a good product .
 I bought the Linksys CIT200 Skype phone and had no problem installing it on my system . I was worried that it would try to re-install Skype on my system and mess up my contacts and settings -- but it left everything alone and worked ok out of the box.However , when I took the phone out of range , it lost connectivity with its base station and would not reacquire , even after rebooting the system several times . This left me in Skype limbo because the Linksys CIT200 had taken control of my audio settings and would not let me use my regular handset.I called Linksys tech support -LRB- on my good old landline phone -RRB- and after a few inane suggestions that were based on the Linksys telephone adapter products instead of the Linksys CIT200 Skype phone , the technician confessed that there was no Linksys tech support available for the CIT200 and suggested that I return the phone to the store for a refund . That was the best piece of advice she gave me . I manually reconfigured my audio settings and returned the phone .
 When I first configured this phone with my PC , it worked once . Thenit developed 2 problems :1 . it could not connect to skype to download my skype contact list .2 . sometimes my PC would not boot when the USB connector for thisphone was plugged into the PC . I think both problems were relatedto the fact that the box said it was using USB 1.0 which hadseveral problems and was replaced by USB 2.0 . I tried this phone with 2 different computers and got the sameresult .
 I got this phone cheap , as it has been discontinued . The phone is nice , durable , easy to use , and convenient . However , installing the phone will ` hijack ' your audio capabilities , meaning that you ca n't listen to music or watch the news after install . Even if you adjust the Skype default audio settings , it is still buggy . One work-around is to create a separate log-in user profile and DONT install the phone on the other profile . depending on whether i want to use the phone OR listen to shows/music , I just switch between profiles .
 This phone is to expensive for what it does , I am very disappointed with it . it loses connection often shows unavailable and I have to unplug it from the USB port and plug it back again to work , I am glad I am a computer tech I even found out by myself that I have to remove the battery out to reset it and make it to work again which it does not say in the owner 's manual.I use an older version of skype 2.5.0.113 because this phone does not work with a new version of skype . I updated skip and I had to downgrade to make it work . I called the customer support and someone told me that it does not work with the new version of skype . I am alerting people to stay away from it or buy at your own risk , if this 2.5.0.113 version stop working which is already outdated this phone will be completely useless
 it was great , i 've owned for a year and 4 stars would have been a fair rating.till i 've tried to match it with my new laptop suited with vista . no way jose , -LRB- and i was planning to get rid of my old laptop , for now would have to keep it to use my CIT200 till i find an updated product
 This device is buggy , sometimes it works ok , other times you have to disconnect and reconnect it from the USB port to get it to work . The range is severely limited . Indoors I can not walk more than 60 ' from the base or I get no signal . I inquired about getting additional handsets but you can not -LRB- this was before it arrived and I discovered how poor it performed -RRB- . Linksys -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- said they do not offer handsets by themselves , the only way to get additional handsets is to purchase additional entire kits . What a waste of money . Even the newer CIT400 they offer does not have additional handsets available . If there were a lower rating than 1 star that is what this would get . I give it a -5 . Save your money for something better .
 I bought this to use with Skype on my PC . From the beginning there were problems with the unit recognizing the Skype , although it worked every now and then . Then it stoped to work . I called the customer support and they walked me through re-installing the Linksys software as well as Skype , none of which worked . They promised a replacement unit and an e-mail was supposed to be sent to me with instructions on how the replacement will proceed . Nothing came after a week and I called them again . To make it short , they have passed me from 1 unit to other , troubleshooting 3 times , asking for information , confirming my case . And I still do not even have the form to be filled for the replacement . This was certainly my last product from Linksys !
 This phone sucks the sound is not that great and the battery goes bad quickly !
 When it works , works fine , however many times people call and it rings , then i here no voice on the other end , at other times it does not work at att . Frequently resets itself with no warning.If is use skype on the computer call quality is good , with the CIt , qualtity is all over the place.I would give this - stars if i could . A lot of this is a poor software within the phone -LRB- as a professional software developer , i have a good hunch about these things -RRB- . I have 750 kb.sec upload 512 kb sec download , and use a condition to give priority of voip communications over internet line .
 Unfortunately I was unable to get the telephone to reliably connect to the computer . It would connect for approximately 5 minutes and the disconnect . At this point I noticed the battery drain observed in other posts ... the battery on the unit appeared to drain even when placed in the charging stand.I am not sure if this was a compatibility issue with my computer and the telephone or if this was a defective unit . In any event , I did not have the patience to troubleshoot a system that was supposed to be a trouble-free system for integrating a wireless telephone with Skype . The system ships back tomorrow ...
 Once you connect this telephony kit to your computer 's USB , other audio players such as Windows Media player , your computer speakers etc. stop working.You have to unplug the telephony kit from the computer in order for the audio devices to work.In other words , a separate computer is required in order to use this telephony kit.I returned the product eventually and amazon returned only 75 % of the money . I lost the shipping fee as well.Not satisfied !!!!!!!!!!
 Range is short and battery life is short . Do n't buy . Not worth your money .
 I was happy when i purchased this unit . After a couple months the rechargable batteries were only holding a charge for 1 call , so i purchased new rechargable batteries , and they were not charging . SO I BOUGHT AN EXTERNAL CHARGER , and the phone was just discharging batteries so fast . 1 or 2 calls and it was done.FINALLY THE UNIT WOULD NOT CONNECT WITH THE BASE . SEARCHING AND SEARCHING ... EVEN IF IT IS CONNECTED WITH THE BASE/CHARGER/RECEIVER it did not work . What a waiste ! being that i am a resident living outside the USA i was really pissed off . Cant return stuff outside the USA , and it was conveniently out of the 90 day warranty!SO MUCH FOR CISCO QUALITY . THEY MAKE GOOD ROUTERS BUT CRAPY SKYPE PHONES !! BIG DISAPPOINTMET
 This product is not very well thought out . The battery lasts less then 24 hours not on the charger . Its range is about 30 feet in doors . It requires you to dial '' + '' `` country code '' `` city code '' `` number '' for every number . The sound quality is terrible.It would be forgivable if the product was priced below $ 20 . But its retailing as much as $ 100 and so its not forgivable .
 Cit is a great idea , and as a phone it has worked fine for me so far . Biggest problem is , that you have to dedicate all the audio out from your home/business computer to ONLY the phone . So say you want to listen to music from your regular computer speakers while the phone is plugged in and running , you have to manually reset the driver to your audio , reboot the computer , and listen to music ... only to have to redo the same process when you want the phone to ring again . It seem ridiculous that the people who designed the firmware could not use the concept of most headsets/phone which allow you to USE BOTH AT THE SAME TIME ... so in a normal case your on you skype headset/mic and you just simply turn down your computer speakers to hear the person talk through the headset only , then you want to listen to music you unplug the headphones and turn up the volume again . Besides , whats wrong with BOTH the computer speakers and the phone ringing at the same time !!! THis is NOT how this product works though.If I were a consumer knowing this now , I would wait till Linksys gets it act together and releases an updated firmware to fix this problem .
 I bought this telephone for my wife so she would n't have to sit in front of the PC while calling friends and parents in France . She has given up on using it because of complaints about the poor quality of what they could hear . The sound is too uneven , distorted to the point it becomes difficult for the persons at the other end to understand what is said . Moving around does n't change much unless I reach the transmission distance limit where it becomes inaudible . The sound coming from the set is clear but weak even at its highest volume setting . When using the microphone set by the computer , there is no problem , so I deduct that the microphone or the set it self is not of the quality we were hoping for . Just a waste of money .
 In a fast moving market , Linksys released this product without all the testing that Linksys is generally known for . I 've used many Linksys products before and looked forward to using this one . But this one barely works.Installation was a problem -LRB- and continues to be a problem ! -RRB- Already a user of Skype , I was uncertain whether I should install Skype again as part of the installation of the CIT200 , or bypass it . No clues on screen said how to proceed . After installing the CIT software , the drivers failed to recognize that either the Skype software was running or the connected phone . My Skype contacts were NOT listed on the phone , nor was the time correctly displayed - a sure sign that the CIT software was not ` seeing ' the phone.An online chat with Linksys tech support proved even more frustrating than trying to solve the connection / installation problems myself . The technician must have been handling dozens of online chats , because after typing in my responses to his questions , it would take 3 or 4 minutes for his response to appear . After about 35 minutes of this , I gave up trying for help.I ultimately got the software to install and recognize the phone , but I still face the equipment recognition problem - even after downloading a new driver from Linksys . The phone works once in a while , but not often enough to be reliable.This is unfortunate , because when the phone DOES occasionally work , the reception is very good . The phone feels like a phone , not a toy , and the display is great . I conversed with a pal in Australia , wandering around my house and backyard without any reception problems . I only wish the darned thing worked consistently .
 First of all after charging the battery , it lost life quickly . I was only able to use it for less than an hour.Secondly , it completely upsets my volume . I can not receive sounds from my speakers when I connect the phone . I was disappointed .
 This phone is a piece of junk . The battery longevity is horrible meaning after a few months , it holds a charge for about half a day and then you have to charge it up again.The controls and features are worthless.The phone takes over your sound device so that if you 're on your computer and you want to play back your messages from the PC or make a call out from a headset . . you have to switch your sound devices from Linksys to your PC sound drivers . The Linksys phone automatically switches Skype to it 's own sound device even though it 's not necessary for the phone to function.I 've had this piece of garbage for a year now and I 'm going to buy something else
 This unit , reading its description , excited me . I received my unit after more than two weeks -LRB- come on Amazon -RRB- and immediately installed it . The software installation was easy , with no problem . The unit is advertised with 60 minutes free and came with a 60 minutes voucher . I redeemed the voucher , charged the battery during the night and started to use the phone in the morning . So far , so good ... After less than 3 -LRB- three -RRB- minutes of connection , the line went dead and I could no longer use the phone . It took me a few hours to figure out that my account had run out of money . The 60 minutes voucher is simply false advertising . I tried to get in touch with Linsys -LRB- at the phone number given on the box -RRB- and , after 25 minutes , was talking to a guy in India who told me that this product is NOT SUPPORTED by Linksys ! I asked to talk to the manager and then to the manager of the manager
 I buy as many of these devices as I can because I am searching for that perfect balance of comfort , technical reliability , and cutting edge design that will make my digital life easier and more fun . I use Skype intensely with my international job , and Skype has become a fixture in my arsenal of remote office and cost-cutting tools . Skype is a KEEPER!The CIT200 , however , is NOT a keeper ! The CIT200 is basically a cordless phone that connects to your computer via USB 2.0 . It also has a power cord with a small -LRB- but still clunky -RRB- power adapter which plugs into the base where the cordless phone charges.The device is generally a great idea , but the SOFTWARE DRIVERS are TERRIBLE . They do not consistently load when I start my computer or Skype , yet the dialog box always claims that they are running . Skype is always updating its product and thus new versions are released with some frequency . I believe the CIT200 drivers were written for an older version of Skype , and they just do n't work reliably . The manual even claims that the product was only tested with an older version of Skype.If you 're mobile and take your computer/laptop with you everywhere then this solution will not really work well , in my humble opinion . It 's just not portable enough to take in your laptop bag . If you 're working on a desktop and not moving the configuration around a lot , then it may work better for you . However , my biggest PROBLEM is that the product does n't recognize Skype is running 4/5 times . The software drivers are just NOT good . * Keep an eye out for the Netgear SPH101 Skype Wi-Fi Phone which is a great iddea , but wo n't work in hotels -LRB- or a Starbucks -RRB- where you need to log onto through a browser to establish a connection to the Internet .
 After reading all the raving reviews on this site I also decided to order this phone . The first one I received had poor batteries . After one Skype call of 30 minutes the batteries were dead already . I decided to return this one and received a new phone within a few days -LRB- great service from Amazon -RRB- . Also this phone however has a battery problem or you can also call it a design flaw . This time I found out that you need a continuous connection between the phone and the USB base transmitter otherwise the phone starts searching for the base and discharges very quickly . An email exchange with Linksys Support confirmed this behavior . In real life this means when you switch off your computer with the USB base overnight , the next morning your handset is discharged . There 's also no way to switch off the handset to prevent this . After finding this out , I decided to also return this phone . It 's a pity since overall I like the functionality and ease of use and installation . Another negative point is the support for 110V only , why not support international travellers and make it 110-240V as one might expect from a product like this ?
 Linksys tried , you have to hand it to them . They even made the phone look like a regular phone.Skype , however , does NOT support wireless phones . Every single wireless phone I 've tried for Skype has dropped the calls . EVERY single one of them ! Every call , you 're mid-sentence , and ca n't go further . The wireless function is simply not supported by Skype , and Linksys wo n't be able to support you for that very reason.Verdict
 I went through two phones , returned both to Amazon . The first phone did not charge fully . One 10 minute call and the battery would be dead . The second phone worked well for a week and then the sound quality took a nose dive and the microphone stopped working for outgoing calls.When they worked , I really liked this phone ; maybe I just received two bad apples ? In any case , I will wait a while for Linksys to fix the bugs or wait for another reputable manufacturer to release a cordless SKYPE phone .
 One thing that is n't mentioned anywhere -LRB- except an FAQ sheet that 's in the box -RRB- is that the software disables your other speakers / headphones . I could live with this if it did it while I was using the phone -LRB- but it 's still a pain if you want to listen to music while you 're on the phone -RRB- , but it disables them permanently , unless of course you unplug the USB.The software also did something buggy to my Windows XP and my wireless adapter software -LRB- Microsoft had problems starting while the Linksys software was installed , and I had to manually detach and re-attach my wireless adapter . . thank goodness it was a USB device . . in order for my wireless adapter to start . -RRB- I also think , as a past reviewer did , that the phone features are not very intuitive . You really have to play around with it a lot -LRB- because the documentation is pretty nil -RRB- to understand how some of the features work . Still not sure I understand how to access some of the features of the phone , but because of the software issues , I 'm really not too concerned.I 'd recommend a VoSky box over this in a heartbeat . I got one for a friend , and it worked flawlessly from the get-go . I 'm returning the phone today . Think I 'll wait for some reviews to come in on the wi-fi phones now becoming available before I make another skype-related purchase , though . We have a wifi household , so having skype available 24/7 without being tethered to a PC seems like a good idea at least .
 This device has served me very well over last few years , but now that I have upgraded to a new PC with Windows 7 , I found out that CIT200 will not work . No new drivers are available and there is no normal way to contact Linksys tech support for the solution.My suggestion in 2010 - do not buy .
 My 2-star rating records my disappointment with it 's overall performance . It does free the user from the computer , but the price of this freedom has to be counted in lost ability to access skypeout calls , either from the phone or from the computer . In fact , the phone rendered my computer useless as a skype terminal . I can only make skype calls from the phone . This loss of functionality was an unwelcome surprise .
 Try the UTStarcomm F1000 . It 's $ 150 and much , much better . Do n't need to have your computer on , since it 's a WiFi phone . You can take it to any WiFi location , not just your own home , and use it with your account .
 I got this for Christmas , right ? I 'm an avid skype user . The install went fine , the base station worked , but the display does n't on mine . Hopefully , it 'll work with a new one .
 I was able to install the software without a problem . The phone communicates with my computer -LRB- time is updated and I can page the handset from the USB wireless thing -RRB- but I can not make a call nor are my Skype contacts transferred to the Lynksys handset . If I ca n't get the thing to work this weekend I will return the phone .
 I would try this product , but they have not released Mac support yet.Sunrocket does not require your PC to be on , and costs about the same as Skypeout would cost .
 Skype has a nasy habit of taking it 's customer 's money . There 's no customer service at all , and immediately after you pay for Skype IN/OUT there is a high probablity that your account will be * blocked * with no explanation , and no recourse . Before you buy this product , I advise you to Google `` Skype Customer Service '' to see the HUNDREDS of people Skype has done this to.This is no reflection on the hardware , but if you buy a product that can only be used on Skype , you 're asking for trouble .
 I just got the handset , Was pretty hard to get it to work , I try to called the customer service they provide to me.I did n't wait very long , but all the stuff speack english that I can hardly undestand and They just keep ask me one question was if I have skype account , I repeat my answer like 3 times.and they just keep me on the hold again and again.It ' horrible , I think I am returning it tomorrow .
 Bought this phone several months ago , but could never get it to work . Thought maybe I just did n't know how to use the phone with Skype , but could make calls direct from my PC using Skype that connected o.k. Everytime I tried to make a call using the CIT200 , I would just get a busy signal.Called Linksys tech support and tested everything for almost an hour . We re-installed the software , reconfigured port fowarding on my -LRB- Linksys -RRB- router , upgraded the firmware on the router , etc. . Nothing changed , so the tech gave me a RMA number and I returned the phone to Linksys late December , they received it first week of January.When I log into Linksys RMA system , it shows that they 're awaiting return of my old phone . I have sent 2 emails -LRB- no response to either -RRB- and called Linksys 3 times over the last several weeks to find out why they 're not replacing my phone . Per Linksys ' website , replacement products are sent out 2-3 days after the returned item is received . The warranty is also good only from the date of purchase , so at least a month -LRB- maybe more -RRB- has expired while my old phone is sitting at Linksys.Apparently Linksys moved some of their operations from California to Texas around the end of the year and things are not stable . Customer service does not seem to be able to help , if you can get through to them -LRB- by telephone only , since my emails were n't returned -RRB- upon an occasion when you do n't hear `` Linksys is experiencing high call volume , please call back later < click > . `` I 'll update this review if I ever get a working phone . I recommend that if you choose to buy a Linksys phone , test it thoroughly before the retail return period expires , send it back ASAP if there are problems , or suffer the consequences!Update 2/1/07
 I purchased this phone about 6 months ago and it had all sorts of bugs and never quite worked right . I then got a new computer and had lost the installation CD so I downloaded the driver from their website and it never worked again , the driver from their website was buggy and crashed my system over and over again . Very frustrating as I wasted hours trying to get it to work . I finally gave in and purchased a different phone today .
 I write this as I am on hold at Linkys for the umpteenth time.From day one , we could receive calls using Skype 's static-ridden service . However , though I had a dial tone , I was unable to make a call.I called Linksys and they told me that for them to assist , I needed to pay $ 29.95 for extended router service -LRB- which I would need for them to get the phone working -RRB- . After hours on the phone , they were unable to fix it . And by the way , they never addressed any issues with the router at all.I was told that I would need to send the phone back - at my expense - and then they would send me a refurbished phone . Unbelievable.Regarding the $ 29.95 , after arguing my point I was told by a supervisor that I would receive a refund back on my card on 2-3 days , and of course , no refund ever appeared . I am now back on hold trying to get this put through as I wait .
 Cool Idea , Software works well with windows , wish it worked with apple or linux.When using this phone , user on the other end complains of bad echo.While Skype works fine with regular computer microphone.Had to buy a telephone headset to eliminate the echo.Come on people.Other than that the phone adds a low static hum to the conversation , its not devastating but definitely annoying.I 'd recommend upgrading to the more expensive CIT or a going with a different vendor .
 Bought this unit for use with Skype . A problem began within a few weeks when the unit 's power began to drain even when in the ` off ' position . Linksys customer service was poor . They sent a silly initial response to my detailed description of the problem wherein they told me not to get the unit wet , etc. , etc. . So , I bought replacement batteries -LRB- two triple A nickel metal hydride -RRB- and will see if that fixes the problem . I would look for an alternate handset to use with Skpye .
 I was disappointed with this system once getting it home.Pros
 IT CAME WITH NO BATTERIES AND I HAVE BROUGHT SEVERAL BATTERIES AND THIS CALCULATOR DO NOT WORK AT ALL ... MY MONEY WASTED ...
 It works but the display and the key symbols are hard to read at angle.Must look straight down at it . No factorial key .
 I purchased this Casio because it was a lot cheaper then a TI83/84 . In it 's advertising it says it does the same functions but I am finding that it does not . When it does do one of the functions it is off by it 's rounding or it does n't come up with the same type of answer -LRB- different form like decimal -RRB- which I have to then translate to the correct form . For me it was not worth the price break .
 I would love to write a review but as of right now I have not yet received this product .
 The Ativa 5.8 G cordless phone has a serious sesign flaw . The battery indicator only works when the phone is on the charging station . After you take it out , you do n't see the batter indicator at all . So you do n't know how much batter it has left . And the phone dies suddently if it runs out of battery . The guy I talked with from manufacture told me that I should always put the phone back on the charge when not in-use . If that is the case , they should make it clear and I would never buy this junk . Ativa is a new brand sold excludsive from OfficeDepot . If their product carries such obvious design flaw , I would double the design of all of their product . I will stay away from Avita brand at all to avoid buying junk .
 I can not really compare this Libelle Leather Quad to any other pen case as this is my first one . After opening this thing up , I was disappointed considering that this cost over $ 30 . Is this really leather ? When I turned the flap up , it felt like styrofoam . The texture/feel did n't show quality that it was going to last if I tossed this in the bag . Around the case edges , it has the `` hiding glue '' to prevent users from seeing the leather from the side . It reminded me of my old phone case which in less than a year started peeling away . As for the stitching , it is thin . The flat exposed backside where it can rub against surfaces like a book or desk
 The stitching quality was poor , although the leather smelled nice . The stitching holding the flap down came loose immediately upon first use , so it was functionally impaired as well . Wo n't order this item again .
 Ordered two of these for office.Upon opening box discovered that one was broken . The other looked fine , until we attempted to remove the seller 's sticker and the `` finish '' peeled off the product.Seller provides no telephone number . They provide a website address for contact , but the website is `` under maintenance . `` The look and design were good . If you can find a set at a local retailer , they might be a good option . But do n't waste your money here .
 Very cheap plastic paper-feeder tray snapped in easily enough for me , but it never snapped back out , nor would it feed the paper used for fax confirmation in easily . The other feeding system for the actual faxes seemed to work just fine at first , but then I noticed the paper frayed noticeably on one side if you resent it several times -- not a good flaw if you want to resend one page , like a resume , to multiple employers . One last drawback is the included ink cartridge that is meant only as a `` test cartridge '' for up to 30 pages of use . Then , for around $ 20 , you are supposed to buy a replacement ink cartridge that will last for another 150 pages of use . Well , the price was nice , but the product was not . I bought this at Office Depot and to their credit , they gave me a full refund without any re-stocking or re-packing fees , quite unlike CompUSA 's return policy . I feel sorry for the poor fellow who has to re-pack that thing , though . Good luck on getting that paper feeder back out .
 This model is pretty old and uncomfortable for use . However , it can make copies and send and receive faxes.Caller ID screen changes every second and makes it hard to see the number.I have Panasonic phone and use fax for its direct work only . It does it .
 All I wanted was a simple plain paper fax machine to handle basic fax and copy functions for medical records , insurance papers etc. . Instead , what I got was the most primitive , frustrating piece of technology ever developed by man . It is as if the designers purposefully built this machine to drive people mad ? Is it possible that Brother designed this machine to exact revenge against America for WWII?Have any of you ever seen the movie Office Space ? There is a scene where the disgruntled workers kidnap the office fax machine , take it to a deserted field and give it the beat down with their feet and baseball bats . That is what is going to happen to this fax machine . It is the most frustrating POS I have ever seen . If you have a nemesis and/or mortal enemy , give them this fax machine as a gift , it is guaranteed to drive the recipient insane.It is not as if I am some sort of Luddite , I have worked for many years in the high-tech arena but this thing always pulls the paper through sideways and it is virtually impossible to replace the `` cartridge . '' In fact , the cartridge is actually some sort of scroll device that appears to have been developed in the Middle Ages.Want to fax more than one page at a time -- forget it . This machine is designed to eat your documents , that 's right , it lives by gorging itself on your precious papers.As for the copy function , well , if you baby-sit EVERY piece of paper that goes through the feeder you might get some crappy quality copies IF the feeder does n't ingest your entire document.I guess you get what you pay for and if you love frustration , hassle and poor quality then you will love this POS .
 We bought three of these units for my grandmother , and two of them died within the first two months , and the third died within the following month . They really do not have an easy return policy.The original version of this phone in the 70 's was excellent , manufactured by ATT . This knockoff is poorly built .
 I have the Canon Pixma 9000 Mkii And I needed to do some enlargements and some other test prints so I purchased the HP Advanced paper -LRB- it was what they had at my local office max -RRB- I usually print on Canon paper , but the HP for 13x19 was cheaper and the 5x7 was all they had for 5x7 . I have my monitor calibrated to my printer so color is usually never an issue . But when I printed my colors were really off and very bright . My pinks were way too dark and the whole image posterized , so I had to mess with my color , brightness , and contrast settings.I may be passing judgement on this paper , but is it that I was supposed to use HP paper w / an HP printer ? But from my tests anyway , HP and Canon do not mix well at all .
 I was lead to believe by the Ad from the seller -LRB- so I doubled my order -RRB- that I would be able to link a total of eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- phones to each other . But when I called the manufacturer they said the Max was only four -LRB- 4 -RRB- . If the dialing was not so slow and the sound quality -LRB- clarity -RRB- of each handset was better , I would n't feel that I had spent too much `` new '' money for an 80 's level of phone.I would recommend that you call the seller -LRB- if they are a dealer -RRB- then you will have the opportunity to return the product when it does not meet up to your expectations .
 These worked fine out of the box , but after a couple weeks started showing `` out of range . '' This now happens very frequently . The phones can be reset by unplugging the battery and plugging it back it in , but that seems like a ridiculous thing to do nearly every time you want to make a phone call .
 I 've had these phones for about 6 months now and from day 1 the reception and interference has been horrible . The seller kindly exchanged the phones for me and I still have the same problem . Confusing , especially when the microwave is on . I realize some phones would have interference with a microwave , but from everything I read this particular model had n't given anyone any problems in relation to this . Also , the buttons on all the phones are n't working anymore , specifically the the talk button and the center menu `` key '' buttons . I calle Uniden and I can have each phone fixed for $ 60.00 a piece . No thanks ! Time to look for some new phones .
 This item was 4 years old and only worked for a week . Merchant should have disclosed it 's age !
 This phone has the absolute WORST sound quality of any cordless phone I 've ever used . There is static and feedback . You can even hear an echo of your own voice back through the ear piece.On the plus side , the phone is really cool looking . The lights on it and the color are what drew me to it . I just knew that this was the phone for my daughter . I had high hopes for it as it matched my daughters new room really well . Even she does n't like talking on it.When an 8 year old can tell the sound quality is too bad to bother with , you know it is bad .
 I bought this item few weeks ago . Its not worth buying . Very very bad voice quality . The only good things is the fancy lights .
 I initially purchased one of these through another seller on Amazon . They had one in stock , and that 's the one that I purchased . It arrived in pretty good shape , but with some small dings that were mostly not noticeable.Well , I tried to order some others through Amazon -LRB- Joe Muscle -RRB- and after nearly 10 days that order was canceled for reasons not told to me.On the third try , I ordered two from Amazon directly -LRB- who suddenly had them in stock -RRB- and received them today . One arrived a little dinged up , and once assembled , the drawer and front door both stuck on and off . I 've greased them up , and they are still really sticky.The last one arrived with some marks , and when I tried to assemble the top -LRB- as I 'd done two other times -RRB- the wood screws completely shredded the top , and stripped the holes out . This happened on 3 of the four top screws.If I had it to do all over again , I would n't touch them with a ten-foot pole . Unfortunately , I have a business , and these three need to match , and I might just have to glue them together to have them together and placed in time for an open house . Really annoying.Trying to return one of them right now ... wish me luck !
 This is for One not TWELVE erasers ... what a rip . I bought them for my students and I do n't think 12 five year olds will be able to share this
 This eraser is designed to not harm thinner papers when erasing . Yet it still does . It also barely erases , crumbles to bits , and smells really bad .
 Despite the product description , you are NOT buying 12 erasers you are buying ONE !!! I paid $ 4.36 for ONE eraser !!!!!!
 I had no clue how this Artgum eraser worked until I purchased it at Office Max two years ago . I had been using mostly quality Pink Pearl Erasers made by Sanford for school , when I decided to use the Artgum for my all purpose activities . During the very short time that I used this eraser , I noticed that it left messy smudges on my homework pages and worksheets . It also began to `` decompose '' , leaving nasty residue on the paper and on the floor ! By the end of week , while struggling to get it to work , the eraser was almost entirely gone . I never bought that brand again , and to this day only use the high quality Sanford pink erasers.I advise you not to waste your money on such a low quality product and always stick with the Sanford , Enre , or Paper Mate erasers . Happy shopping .
 I have had this telephone for about two years now and am going to trash it . It has been the worst phone ever . Will go back to my cheap Walmart phones ... much better quality .
 I bought a different model Clarity phone . The ringer was adjustable - from extremely loud to fire alarm loud . I was afraid that my mother would get a heart attack from the startle reflex of the ringer going off . She is frail , and I imagined what it would be like if she fumbled the phone while reaching for it ! It would drive anyone crazy . I had to return the phone , and fortunately Amazon 's return policy is a generous one . I called the Clarity/Ameriphone company to complain about this defect in their phone and asked them if there was any phone they made which permitted the ringer to be turned down to something reasonable . They told me ` no ' . All of their phones ring loudly enough to unsettle a person unless they are very hard of hearing . It 's amazing to me that they manufacture a phone like this . The phone even has an adjustable ringer control , but it does not permit the phone 's ringer to be set at a reasonable volume . The phone does have better clarity and enhanced loudness as compared with the lousy sound of most phones today . But the ringer renders this phone unusable , except for the severely hearing impaired . I 'm more than disappointed ; I 'm angered by the stupidity of the engineering of this phone !
 I bought this unit and another similar phone -LRB- both from Clarity -RRB- for my mom . Both broke down within 6 months . There is no amplied effect now -LRB- the sound is actually weaker than a normal phone now -RRB- . The `` push down '' bottons which is supposed to amplify sound also no longer work . I bought two other brands at the same time which are still working .
 Bought this phone as a birthday gift for my Mother . Worked for two months and then she could n't hear anything in the receiver . We got her a new receiver but now people can hear her only very faintly when she talks . I would n't purchase from them again and would n't recommend their phones .
 I spent a good amount of time looking for a phone for my mother who is both hearing impaired and visually challenged . This unit seemed like the correct choice as it had easy to use memory speed dial buttons and good amplification specifications . This unit was purchased new from -LSB- ... -RSB- through Amazon . When it arrived at my home I tested it out and was extremely disappointed . Horrible sound quality , noisy volume control , noisy handset cord , and when set to the loudest setting was hardly loud at all . Even the ringer volume was n't great , but the flashing light worked well . In short it was a piece of garbage and was promptly returned .
 This WOULD HAVE been the perfect phone for my 89 year-old mother ... IF it had worked as described in the user manual . Since she lives in an assisted living facility , and she has to dial `` 7 '' to get an outside line , she needed a phone that would include a pause when programming the memory buttons . The user manual describes how to do it , but it would n't work . I even called Ameriphone 's customer support , and they verified the phone was defective . I returned it to Amazon , and they shipped me a new one pronto ! However , the replacement had EXACTLY THE SAME PROBLEM , so I 'm not sure whether both phones were defective , or it just has a defective design . Amazon took the second one back too , and gave up on it , refunding my full purchase price including shipping . Amazon performed very well , but this phone did NOT ! The only problem is I ca n't find anything out there made by another company that has the same great features . BUMMER !
 It performs as advertised except for the sound quality . You would think , with today 's technology , they could produce a better sounding machine .
 Messages are distorted in playback , losing major portion of content . Since other reviews were so favorable , I was very disappointed . Good thing I do n't receive many calls !
 I 've had this unit for about two years . I worked fairly well for about 15 months . Now it has degraded to a worthless piece of plastic . As noted in another review here , the sound quality is very poor -LRB- AT&T should be embarrassed -RRB- . I guess this is a production quality problem as not everyone seems to have this issue and mine was fine until it suddenly stopped working properly . Also , the unit records every hangup even with no message , which can make listening to the messages a bit tedious .
 We have had this answering machine for about 3 months now . We will not have it for a 4th ! The recorded message playback is bad and the playback of recorded messages is extremely noisy and garbled . It usually takes 2 or 3 times listening to a message before you can make out all of the words .
 I am not so happy with this machine . My main complaint is that after the initial review of the message , it is , of course , numbered and saved . Suppose I had seven messages on the machine , my most recent message would then be saved as number eight . If I wish to listen to the most recent message again , I press `` Play '' , and the message that plays first is message number one . I must hit `` skip '' seven times to get to the most recent message ... quite annoying if one wishes to retain a number of messages on the machine.Also , there is no way to backup when listening to a message , other than to replay the whole message again . If you miss a phone number , for instance , at the end of a long message , get comfortable , for you will need to review the whole darn message ... after hitting `` play '' and `` skip '' a bunch of times , of course.Voice quality of announcement is OK , not great , even using the remote access method of recording the announcement that one reviewer suggested.And finally , it is inconsistent in the number of rings before pickup . I have it set at four and yet testing it from another line right now , I hear five rings on the phone itself , and then my Voice Mail service picks up , rather than this answering machine . I say inconsistent because it has picked up previously.Listing these complaints has rekindled my anger , and I will now see if I can still return this product .
 I bought this machine only 2 months and the recorded voice become totally messed up , but the annoncement still working . I can not believe such a bad product bearing the AT&T ; name on it.The price make me feel not worth to call them , but I still want other people know my story .
 I liked the simplicity of the unit and was what I was looking for , BUT the sound quality is so horrible I hate it . This goes for both incoming and outgoing messages . And the more I re-recorded my outgoing message in order to `` get it right '' the worse the message sounded.It is way too pricey for what you get.Can ' t anyone make a decent , simple answering machine?I can not find one anywhere .
 1 -RRB- TERRIBLE sound quality .2 -RRB- After time entry , it lists `` Tuesday , four twenty six , twenty ten '' - - that 's it - nothing else available - useless for date stamp .3 -RRB- A call to tech support reveals no support available because the unit was manufactured sometime in the middle ages .4 -RRB- Avoid this one - it 's not Amazon 's fault , but it 's a ripoff even at such a bargain price .
 The sound quality was poor to begin with but after several months of use I could n't even understand my messages anymore . The machine also has a habit of erasing my outgoing message and replacing it with it 's automated factory message
 A horrible piece of junk
 I purchased two AT&T ; portable phones which are great so far . But this answering machine is not a simple machine to set up . It also lacked the 2 connections in the back I need to connect the machine , so it did n't work . However , setting the clock , options is a real pain.I will return the item and use my old 16 year old GE 90s answering machine that does the job just as well .
 i have never recevived a order that was bad would not work i will never order from these people again . i threw it in the thrashe.e can . i have been ordering from amazon for a long time never run into a seller like this one never order from them.elizabeth phillips
 We 've had an AT&T machine in our offices for many years . After having been through three 1738 's we are switching brands . When accessing remotely , we do not get messages that are there on the machine when returning to the office . Extremely unreliable and counterintuitive compared to excellent past AT&T units . What 's going on , AT&T ?
 I needed a backup answering machine and bought one of these . I had read the reviews but was not really concerned about poor sound quality , etc. since it would only be used as a back-up . I hooked up the unit as directed and all of the lights came on and stayed on . I tried the on/off switch as directed with no change . Pressing the set-up button caused no change . I read the trouble shooting section in the directions but nothing there helped . I then tried the website address that was provided . It was no better than the written directions . I then tried to call the 800 line but could not dial because there was no dial tone . I eventually discovered that the machine was causing the line to act like it was busy . Several minutes with the 800 number provided nothing but an acknowledgement that the machine was defective . It now resides in my trash bin .
 I bought one of these and within a year , you could n't tell what anyone was saying as half the words were garbled . The outgoing message still worked fine , so I kept it and used it as an announcement to call my cell . If I 'd needed it to take messages , it would have gone in the trash
 I have had one of these for 4 years and it is a total piece of cr@pp . Using it remotely is worthless . Never works checking calls remotely . Never has for me . I ca n't believe so many people here have given it 4 or 5 stars !??? WTF . I ca n't even seem to find a good answering machine anymore ! My old `` Phone Mate '' analog system was totally dependable and functioning for 13 years . These new digital machines are total junk !
 The quality of the outgoing message was good , but the incoming messages had poor quality . I often had to listen to messages several times . Messages coming from cell phones were usually impossible to decipher . The extra background noise added to the already poor sound quality just turned the messages to complete garble . Today , after two years , it just stopped answering . I turned it off , to see if I could reset it . It would not turn back on again . I unplugged it and plugged it back in . The lights came back on , but I do n't know whether it is going to accept messages again.The buttons and settings were easy to use , so this was a plus .
 My old digital answering machine which was manufactured by PhoneMate recently started to act funny , which told me that it was taking a dive . No complaints though as my PhoneMate answering machine lasted almost a decade . The sound quality with my ancient PhoneMate digital answering machine was great and crystal clear just like a tape , but digital.A couple days ago I went out to buy a new answering machine . I bought two , one made by AT&T ; and one made by GE . I just now hooked up the ATAT 1738 Digital Answering System . The setup was pretty straight forward . Did not have to refer to manual.After setting it up , I was eager to test the Caller ID Announce Function as well as the sound quality . I called from my cell phone and this machine clearly announced the entire phone number of my cell . Was happy to hear that as sometimes you just do n't want to be bothered and have to get up to check your caller ID to decide if you feel like talking to that person or not.Anyway , after hearing the machine announce my cell phone number , it then told me from my cell phone to leave a message . I left about a 30 second test message . I then hung up on my cell.I then went to listen to my test machine . I could not believe what I was hearing . I literally could not understand one word that I left as a test on this answering machine . Also , there is a LOT of background air noise.Frustrated , I called from my cell phone again and left about a one minute message and made certain that I pronounced my words very clearly . Went to the machine to listen again and sure enough , I could not make out what I had just left on this horrible machine.Bottom line is that the features this machine offers are great , BUT THE SOUND QUALITY MAKES THE MACHINE COMPLETELY USELESS AND THAT IS NO EXAGGERATION . AT&T ; USED TO MAKE EXCELLENT PRODUCTS . I ONCE HAD AN AT&T ; CORDLESS PHONE THAT MY MOTHER BOUGHT ME ABOUT 15 YEARS AGO AND IT LASTED FOR 13 YEARS , AND YES , THE PHOONE HAD BEEN THROWN A TIME OR TWO.I DID SOME RESEARCH ON A WEBSITE ABOUT 30 MINUTES AGO AND FOUND OUT THAT VTECH I BELIEVE , OR SOME OTHER TELEPHONE MANUFACTURER BOUGHT OUT AT&T ; A FEW YEARS BACK . I AM PRETTY SURE THE SITE SAID VTECH . THAT WOULD EXPLAIN WHY THEIR PRODUCTS ARE NO LONGER GOOD.DO NOT BUY THIS ANSWERING MACHINE . IF YOU DO DECIDE TO GET IT ANYWAY , TAKE MY ADVICE AND PURCHASE IT SOMEWHERE LOCALLY AND NOT OFF OF THE INTERNET , AS YOU WILL INCUR S&H ; CHARGES . I RARELY WRITE REVIEWS ON ANYTHING AS I DO N'T HAVE THE TIME TO WASTE . I WROTE THIS REVIEW ONLY BECAUSE I WAS SHOCKED AT HOW BADLY AN AT&T ; PRODUCT WAS IN REGARDS TO SOUND QUALITY . TIME TO REPACK THE AT&T ; UNIT AND TEST OUT THE GE UNIT . I DISLIKE GE PRODUCTS FOR THE MOST PART , BUT HOPEFULLY IT WILL SOUND BETTER . HATE THE FACT THAT I PROBABLY WONT BE ABLE TO FIND AN ANSWERING MACHINE THAT HAS THE CALLER ID ANNOUNCE . IF ONLY THE SOUND QUALITY WAS EVEN SOMEWHAT OKAY ON THE AT&T ; MODEL . OH WELL !!!
 Overall the AT&T ; 1738 answering machine has good functional qualities . However , the prompt voice is a little insulting in that it talks to you like you have never touched a piece of electronics in your life and will never understand the technology.As for the voice quality , I was going to replace my 15 + year old Code-A-Phone tape-based machine with my new AT&T ; machine until I heard the announce voice quality from the new device . It sounded as if you were trying to talk through a pillow ! Needless to say , my old Code-A-Phone machine will be seeing a lot more service until I can find a solid-state machine with voice quality worthy of my use.For some reason , the transition from the earlier Lucent machines -LRB- I also have a Lucent A560 with excellent voice quality -RRB- to the more recent AT&T ; machines has caused a degadation in the voice quality . It probably has something to do with profits .
 This answering machine is , if nothing else , reliable . Reliably pitiful in the sound quality - yes , consistently so . The sound will hearken you back to that TV commercial in which the lady goes to the fast food drivethru and talks into the clown head , only to be unable to comprehend a single syllable the man taking her order is saying . You know the one I 'm referring to.Well now you , too , can sound like you 've got a mouthful of seaweed and rocks . But , not to worry . Your garbled outgoing message -LRB- which will sound like you are talking from inside a deep cavern - and underwater -RRB- will be equally bad as the incoming messages that leave you wondering ` Was that call for me ? ' My advice ? Buy a carrier pigeon to get your messages . Less frustrating .
 For the many years I have had an answering machine , it has always been AT&T . Even though some of the reviews for this machine were not great , the price was certainly good . Since the others all seemed to have drawbacks as well , I figured I could n't go wrong with AT&T . What a mistake ! The sound is worse than I 've ever experienced with an answering machine . Many who have left messages , have asked if my machine is broken . My advice , spend a few more bucks and get a machine that is not as annoying .
 I purchased this item for my mother in law she is all of 61 years old has had answering machines before and knows how to hook them up well this time it took her , both my brothers and a neighbor to try to figure out how to hook it up and still she can not figure out all the features on it I honestly do n't think the features they advertise actually are on the machine . Had we had time to return it we would have but my father in law was having very bad medical problems which is what prompted us to buy this answering machine to begin with , she used to have voice mail on her phone but it had gone up to 12.00 a month and I told her for that price and a few dollars more she could have another answering machine since her other one lasted her about 10 years before the tapes went out and at that point they started offering free voice mail in the package of Cox telephone , cable and internet well she has the internet strictly for the grandkids for when they go over to visit so since they have 4 kids that have kids that go over and use the internet often while their parents are visiting to give them something to do since it 's a bundle my wife found out how much it would cost just for the internet and because `` grandmaw '' wo n't take direct cash from her kids/grandkids they get together and give her one huge gift card to offset the fact that she has taken care of her father for 8 years he passed and then her mother for 9 years she has passed and all this time for 17 years next week she has raised a grandchild who is severe add/adhd/bipolar and the list goes on and on because his mother has n't spoke to him in years and my wifes brother the father lives right next door however he is a cop and goes to work at 3 am and the state requires someone be with him 24/7 be it school or home and someone must dispense his medications so this lady has really done one heck of a job by taking care of both parents until death a grandchild since birth only due to the fact that when he was born his father no knowing about the baby had just signed for 6 years in the military , right after this answering machine was purchased not only was she constantly waiting for calls from the doctor for her husband but her grandchild she had raised ended up falling out of a tree since they are country people and broke his hip and crushed both legs so while she was at the hospital with him she was able to call back we thought to get her messages which that feature does n't work either , I thought she was doing something wrong and being that my wife went there even though she is handicap to take care of her father I did everything I could to try to get it to where she could retrieve messages over the phone and it would not work so I would not suggest anyone buy this item for 5.00 more I could have gotten a much better one but we thought from what we read and the name brand we were buying something worth having and it was just the opposite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Keep your money in your pocket or wherever and pick a different product if you want to use some of the features like calling from another phone to get your messages , there is another one that would allow it to go to like 6 rings before the answering machine would kick in ca n't get that to work since they sit out on the porch alot it 's set at 6 and picks up someone on the first ring you never know when it will pick up so like I said spend a few dollars more like I wish I had done and get a good one instead of this piece of junk !!!!
 I 've purchaseed two At & T phone systems . In both cases , in a little over one year of use the batteries needed to be replaced , which may be reasonable considering the heavy use the phones got . However , what I do not feel is reasonable is that in both cases I was unable to purchase a replacement battery from the store where I made the purchase -LRB- Target -RRB- , or any other retailer selling phone batteries in Minneapolis . The modelshad been `` discontinued '' and the replacement batteries were available only from AT&T at a cost of aboout $ 20.00 each , plus a shipping cost of $ 12.00 . In both cases AT&T was still making and selling a very similiar phone -LRB- cordless , two handset 2.4 GHZ system -RRB- , but the battery was not compatable .
 I choose ATT due to my experience with good solid equipment . However this unit did not measure up .1 . Reception was worse that my old ATT 2.8 ghz I do n't understand why .2 . Wall mount is poorly engineered . Thin plastic mount does not place unit flush with wall , rather it extends away from the wall leaving it prone to being bumped and causing it to tear from wall.Other than that , I can not see paying almost $ 100 for a compromised phone .
 There 's a reason it 's this cheap . It 's just not a great phone . Not a lot of thought went into its design . For example , it has caller ID and you can scroll through the numbers . But you ca n't actually call them . Because the phone does n't realize that most people have to use a 1 when dialing any area code now . Even my previous phone did that .
 I purchased the 992 to replace an older ATT business phone I had for 10 years because I needed the Called ID capability . The phone looks good but the big complaint is that the speaker phone sounds very `` tinny . '' I ended up returning the phone and purchasing the more expensive 4-line model -LRB- ATT 974 -RRB- . It has more features -LRB- many of which I really do n't need -RRB- but , more importantly , the speaker phone is clear and vibrant . I 'd recommend the 974 instead of this model if you plan on using the speaker phone .
 I guess the phone is OK if you just want a phone . It has `` worked '' for at least 5 years so that is nice . When I had two lines , it really did work great for that ; i had distinctive ring for one line and the regular ring for the other . It works fine using only one line , so the versatillity is good . BUT - somewhere along the way it started making it hard to dial out . I may have to dial a number two or three times to actually get a call through . No problem with getting a dial tone in the first place , though . Flash works fine ; hold works fine , but here are some other cons :1 . Speakerphone sounds bad and goes in and out on my end ; very frustrating .2 . It has a dial with arrows at the top - apparently a call log - in and out calls . But it 's hard to tell which is which and when was when . If you unplug the AC adaptor , the call log does not keep record of calls during the time it was unplugged , though the phone does work with out the plug in . Also caller ID does not work when it is unplugged .3 . I do like that you can turn down the volume of the ring , but as you turn it down , it makes the ring sound . So if I turn it down because someone is sleeping , it makes the ring sound as I turn the volume down as if someone is calling , so it defeats the purpose unless I do it another time.I am looking for a phone with caller id , ideally backlit -LRB- this one is , but it doesnt help much ; still hard to read the number unless you get close up : , excellent speakerhone quality ; MAKES CALLS GO OUT IMMEDIATELY WHEN YOU DIAL OUT ; and a more user friendly call log .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !! I only put 1 star because the online rating would n't let me do zero . Do you know that I almost called the phone company out here to re-wire the jack in my office . I had a new line put in for my business line and a one line phone would work perfectly . When you plug a one line cord into this At & t ; 992 phone the caller ID works , but as soon as you add another line it wo n't work . I even had the technician re-wire the line one time so two lines were coming out of two cables . . and the other time with the two lines in one cable . Neither combination worked . I even tried other cords . While the technicians were here I explained the issue with the phone . They told me there was a short and I went to Staples and I exchanged it for another one.Now that I am on phone # 2 . . it still does n't work . How on earth could a company sell a phone that does n't do what it is advertised to do ? And yes . I called At & t ; customer service . The woman on the other end of the line was very bothered by my call . Her recommendation to me was to spend another $ 59.99 to buy a different 2 line caller ID phone to see if that one worked . Nice troubleshooting .
 If you work from home and need caller id , skip this phone , unless you do n't mind unplugging the second line each time you want to know who 's calling you . That 's right , you read correctly
 I chose this phone because it looks neat -LRB- kind of art-deco -RRB- but it has a few fatal flaws that make it useless .1 -RRB- It makes a very loud uncontrollable beep whenever you hit any key ... So if you mute the conversation , when you un-mute it the other side hears a loud `` beep ! '' . You may not want them knowing when you drop off and come back on . Also , the beep is just plain annoying all the time ... seriously , it will drive you nuts .2 -RRB- the headset has a hiss to it ... And for some reason with my GE headset I get feedback sometimes when I mute it via the headset button . This does n't happen on any other phone .3 -RRB- the lights by the mute and headset buttons are offset just enough that you might hit headset when you mean to hit mute . This may just be me being stupid , but I dropped a conversation once at the worst possible time because of this . . -LRB- long conference call on mute ... Hey Pat , what do you think ? I try to hit unmute and drop the call ... they think I was n't listening or dropped off earlier . -RRB- I 'm returning this phone and going to check out the Panasonic.Pat
 I 'd like to echo everything else said in these reviews
 I 'm another victim of this phone . My wife 's home office needs two lines , needs a cord , needs Caller ID , needs Message ID , a Mute button and so forth . On paper this one looked good , has nice big buttons , and seemed like just what we needed . However , it mostly needs for these features to acutally WORK !! Well I wish I 'd read these reviews before I wasted two days trying to get CID to work , including returning and getting another phone . That one is going back for a full refund . Whether it works on one line or not is not material , as we NEED the two lines ; it is the whole point of a two line phone -LRB- DUH ! -RRB- ... My wife will just have to use her old phone with the separate CID box for awhile longer and do without the broken speakerphone -LRB- why we are replacing it -RRB- ... AT&T ; should do a FULL PRODUCT RECALL for this piece of ... stuff ... Given the list of requirements and some of the other things I 'm reading , the Panasonic ones wo n't do either -LRB- no mute or visible message id -RRB- . Sheesh ! Is this REALLY THAT HARD?I would n't have even bothered to write a review , except that I want to reinforce what was already written , and see what I could do to lower the average stars from 1.5 to 1 . I am a bit curious why the rating is n't visible on the top of the page . This is one case where customers should be warned away sooner than later .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . Caller ID only works on line 1 . I bought this phone with high hopes as it had all the features I wanted at the right price . But caller Id would not work on line 2 . So I took the unit back and exchanged it for onther one which did exactly the same thing . I am retuning it to Staples tommorrow .
 I bought this phone a few months ago and the 9 and 8 on line two do not work . I had thought it was sticking , perhaps the way that I hit the button but that is not the case . It hangs up every time I use it . VERY frustrating , especially when trying to transfer a call . Now I 'm trying to figure out how to return it and get my $ $ back so I can puchase a new phone for our small office .
 the speaker phone on this phones sucks !! you ca n't turn it up loud enough without getting a lot of distortion and the other person on the line can barely hear you .
 My previous `` AT&T ; '' two-lin phone worked great for years . When I needed a replacement , I selected this supposedly similar unit . Big mistake.Lots of problems , but the major issue is the dialing . You have to dial at an exact speed , not too fast , not too slow , or your call wo n't go through . Incredibly annoying.It also makes a lot of random noises that are very annoying in a quiet office.This is another example of `` features '' prevailing over basic functionality . This is my last `` AT&T ; '' product .
 Speaker crapped out after 8 months - does n't always respond when you dial a number . Programing interface very confusing.Not sure if it is worth the trouble to get it replaced - especially after hearing the other reviewer 's problems with tech support.btw - Do n't be fooled by the `` AT&T ; '' on the label - it has nothing to do with the old Bell System equipment -LRB- the `` Touch Tone '' and indestructable black rotary dial phones -RRB- AT&T ; / Lucent Technologies sold off the consumer products business ages ago . The real AT&T ; should be ashamed . This is the danger of licening out your brand name .
 We have a small office and had the misfortune to buy this telephone for our receptionist to use . Within days it began to cut off longer calls and drop calls on hold . Do n't even consider this phone no matter what the price !
 I bought this phone , returned it , got another . In both cases the same problem has occured which is whenever I use line 2 the ' 9 ' key jams . Meaning it just stays pressed . This never happens on any other key or when on line 1 .
 The speakerphone on this unit is terrible . The phone appears to interpret ambient noise to mean the user is speaking , thus muting the caller on speaker . The end result is that you can barely understand anything the caller is saying , as the beginning and ending of every phrase is clipped off . Stay away from this phone .
 Non-intutitive , inside out functionailty . Everything is there but nothing is logical -- even after using for months I have to hunt for redial , etc. . And just try to dial the phone number on the caller display -- it 's almost imorssible to guess which buttons to hit in which order . This is the third ATT phone of this sort that I have bought in the last two years -LRB- two for my father and one for me -RRB- , and I would NEVER buy another . I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first two times I had problems , but three failed devices is a trend . Most recently , the LED simply failed , and the functions were made , if anything , LESS intuitive , to the point where they are now harder to use . If you have a few weeks to practice , practice , practice , and learn how to operate this phone -LRB- the redial button is on the left at the bottom of three rows of similar buttons , and is almost impossible to find -RRB- , it may seem worth it . But then the LED will fail .
 I bought the model 992 because I need the 2 line capability . The phone does not register caller id on the second line . The phone has terrible handset sound . The phone does n't like a quick dial . As of yesterday , it only works if I place it upside down!Shameful product .
 Caller ID may not work if two lines are connected and LED will dim or flicker ... Telephone call to support from AT&T was laughable ... Stay with Amazon , they have some great items at great prices , but recommend you pass on this one ... !
 Two things are a deal-breaker for me . The phone is going back .1 -RRB- If you 're on Speakerphone and mute the phone , ok . But as soon as you return off of mute , the phone gives a loud `` BEEP '' on the line for all to hear . That makes it USELESS . I do n't want to be forced to always announce when I 'm coming off mute . Why would the manufacturer do this ? Very stupid .2 -RRB- All of the keys have an annoying beep also . Press directory , `` beep '' , press call history , `` beep ! '' , press the menu key , `` beep ! '' , press a one-touch key , `` beep ! '' . Too bad because the rest of the phone I love . The CID works great for both lines , the speakerphone audio seems to be great . Oh well ... poor choice by the manufacturer / phone developer .
 I do n't know if I am more dissapointed in the phone or in me for buying it after reading the poor reviews here . It rings . It gives you a dial tone for each line . The speaker phone is decent , no complaints from the other end.IT has these neat little lights to indicate a `` new call '' for line one or line two . So when you come home you can see if you had any calls at a glance . One call , both lights end up coming on usually . The Call History feature will allow you to scroll through recent calls for one line at a time or both . Regardless of what line a call comes in on it will be listed twice , once with line 1 , once with line two . Quite irritating . You can not tell if the call came in on Line 1 or line 2 . In a home office situation , it is nice to see what calls came into what line.I read the reviews , figured `` they '' must not have the phone set up right . The phone has to know what line the call comes in on right ? HA ! I 've tried every light configuation , callerID set up possible and it still behaves the same , dissapointing , way.Do yourself a favor and find another 2 line phone .
 I was a bit leery of buying this , based on the various reviews , but have always had great success with AT&T ; products . This phone had all the features I wanted , felt great in the hand , and I decided to pull the trigger . Although I love amazon.com , and we 're prime members , I 'm REALLY glad I decided to buy this locally ... it made returning it so much faster.Set up was easy , although the menu/submenu system is a bit cumbersome , and the phone feels solid and sounds great . Programming , dialing , answering , all nice . Personally , I prefer if the function buttons did n't beep every time I did something but that 's a small point . So , what was the problem ? The number 9 did n't work on line 2 . That 's it!Use Line 2 to dial any phone number that has a 9 in it , and it locks up on the 9 . At first I thought the button might be sticking ; it was n't the button . Dial any number you want on Line 1 and it works fine ; on Line 2 you ca n't use the 9 . Tried resetting the phone ; changed the cords ; swapped line one and line two , just in case , and did everything else I could think of . Called AT&T ; and they said they 'd never heard of such a thing and to return it . Like I said , I 'm glad I bought it locally.I was planning to give it another try but Staples was out of the phone ; I might pick one up once again but , meanwhile , I 'll consider other brands .
 I found these reviews a bit late . My new 992 only has caller Id on the 1st line , never the 2nd . And the speakerphone sounds like a tin can . I do n't get it - if ATT knows about these , why do n't they fix them ?
 The AT&T ; 992 has every feature I want
 My experience is nearly identical to Jack Levin 's . I bought the phone at a national office supply store for 59.99 . Great price , and all the features I wanted -- 2 lines , caller ID on both lines , lots of memory locations to store numbers , voicemail lights , and a switchable data port , so you can use line 1 or 2 to send and receive faxes . I thought the price for all these features was wonderful.Caller ID worked fine , that is until I wired my jack for 2 lines . Initially , I had only my `` home office '' number hooked up . I then wired the jack so the second line would be my personal home extension . Once I did this , caller ID broke . It says `` Waiting for caller information '' even after 6 rings . All other phones in the house pick up the caller ID info after 1 ring.I called support at the number on the bottom of the phone-I was lucky to find it . I did n't find the on the -LSB- ... -RSB- website , nor was it in the manual . Once I called , I was almost sorry I did . I swear I spoke with the dumbest person on the planet-No joke . Even after I explained that I had plugged other phones into each line and the caller ID info is always displayed after 1 ring , she said that my phone company does n't transmit the ID info until after the 4th ring , and that since my Verizon voicemail service that I subscribe to was picking up after 4 rings , that it would not work . So I called into voicemail and changed it to 6 rings before vm answers . I told her that I wanted to test again , and then she said that the change to my voicemail would take up to 24 hours to process . So I insisted that we test her theory , and it rang 6 times -LRB- go figure -RRB- and went into voicemail . No caller ID info appeared , as usual . She said that my particular unit must be defective . So I took it back and exchanged it for the same model . Same issue . The phone just does n't work as designed to handle caller ID when 2 lines are connected.I did some additional testing to see if using both input jacks instead of just 1 would fix the issue . There are 2 input jacks on the back . The first can be used for line 1 & 2 or just line 1 , and the second is just for a single line , line 2 . So you have the option of using a 4-wire cable to a jack wired for 2 extensions -LRB- using the first input jack only -RRB- , or plugging into 2 separate wall jacks -LRB- using both input jacks -RRB- . I plugged in a line splitter , which plugs into the wall and provides separate line 1 and line 2 recepticles . When I plug one cord into either singly line , and into the phone -LRB- either port on the phone -RRB- the caller ID works fine . If I plug 2 cords into the phone , each connected to a separate line , caller ID breaks.I am returning the phone tomorrow and will purchase the more expensive RCA phone -LRB- $ 85 -RRB- with basically equivalent features . That phone is model GE-25202RE3 . Hopefully I have better luck with that unit.I loved the phone until I had the second line wired . I would have given it 2 or 3 stars , but the support was so pathetically poor that I must give it the lowest score possible . If zero stars were an option , that would be my rating after my painful support experience .
 The features on this phone look great on paper . Too bad the phone did not work . When I had two phone lines plugged into the phone , caller ID did not work at all . When I unplugged one of the phone lines , the caller ID worked.I was really looking forward to this phone . Too bad ... Chapter 2 : I returned the phone hoping that it was just a problem with that one . The new one did exactly the same thing.I called tech suppport to let them know . By the way , when you call , the only way to reach a human is to go through the menu as if you were buying a phone , otherwise you will just get directed to the website . The lady said my phone company may not be compatible with the phone . I said maybe the phone is not compatible with the phone company ? I have Verizon phone service.She said to try the phone out at another location , perhaps a neighbor 's house . I told her I was really looking forward to making and recieving calls at my home office and that it was a bit much to move my office to my neighbor 's house as they have lots of kids and I am very fond of my home.She said there was nothing they could do . I told her all I can do is buy a different brand of phone . She did n't seem to care much about that.Oh well . Perhaps someday someone will produce a `` real '' SOHO phone for professionals .
 This telephone has a nasty habit of not connecting when dialing . Probably 20 percent of my calls need to be redialed . Also , when using another extension in the house , this phone picks up and does not hang up ... keeping the line in use when the extension is turned off . I have called AT&T ; Their customer service is the pits . There is nothing wrong with my line or jack - this problem occurs on any jack in the house.Do not buy this phone
 I purchased this phone for two important reasons
 As mentioned by another reviewer , the Caller ID feature does not work with 2 lines plugged in from 2 seperate jacks -LRB- I have no way to test two lines on the same physical wire -RRB- . Unplug 1 line , and it works . Plug it back in , unplug the other and it works . Plug them both in at the same time and it will say `` Waiting for caller information '' and never display the number . I have tried all combinations of settings .
 Every key you hit on this thing triggers a loud beep . They have to be kidding with all the beeping this thing does ... and to what end ????? There is no added value to the beeping.As a business phone , this phone is useless . Try taking someone off mute ... the beeping sound makes them think you are recording the call ... not a very nice image to create in the minds of your colleagues and customers.If you have busy phone days like I do , you may need to juggle a few calls at once ... 2nd line ... cell phone ... . you may not want the person with whom you are speaking , to know that you have muted the phone on your end ... this phone gives you no choice , when you drop off and come back on , it will beeeeep you till you fling it out the window . This will surely drive you nuts if you 're a business user.It would be soooo simple to make this a user programmable option.Don ' t bother with this phone .
 Before buying this phone , I read the reviews here . They seem to fall into two categories
 If there is a call or someone is using one line from another extension you hear the conversation on the second line and vice versa . There is often static on the line as well . I wish I had read these reviews before I wasted my money on this phone !
 After owning this phone for about 6 months the 2nd line stop working or accepting calls . I returned the phone through the warranty service and again 6 months later I had the same behavior and they will not honor the warranty a second time because the reference the orignal purchase date not that I 've only had the new one for 6 months .
 I like everything about the phone except the fact that the mute button makes a beep when you mute/unmute . I have to get on large conf calls and I 'm the only one with this beeping sound . Everyone knows it 's me ! That defeats the whole purpose of muting .
 I would not take the chance and buy this phone . I bought 2 batteries for the phone as it always indicates the battery is low . Found out after further examination that the battery compartment does not fully close . I 've tried all kinds of remedies including taping it shut . Nothing works . Now if I jiggle the battery compartment , the phone disconnects and `` Power Failure '' flashes . If I stand up or move the phone while talking to someone , the phone disconnects . Sometimes when I 'm simply dialing a number it freezes and stops dialing . The red light indicating a new call has come in is always on . It does not flash when someone has left a message . It 's going in the trash and I wo n't buy another AT&T phone .
 I bought this chair in March 2008 - it was great but after five + months , a welded metal part broke at the welds rendering the chair unusable . Fortunately it was under warranty . So I thought.Strike 1
 This is a sturdy chair but it 's not very comfortable . You would n't want to sit in this chair for more than an hour at a time . It 's definitely not an all day office chair . It 's better to suited to situations where the person does n't need to sit for long .
 I spent about 2-weeks researching chairs on Amazon and elsewhere . Like many reviewers here , I also have a Herman-Miller Aeon chaor at work but at $ 800.00 I needed to find something a lot cheaper for home use . The mesh back and good reviews led me to this chair so I ordered it.3-weeks later it arrived . It went together easily enough . Everything lined up well and all the parts were there -LRB- even the little allen wrench you need to tighten the bolts -RRB- . I found the chair a little stiff in the seat but the rest of the family liked it and it was a great improvenment over our current , worn-out chair.The next morning I took a closer look at the back frame and noticed that it was cracked all the way through at the top right corner ! I knew that because of there being very little structural strength in the mesh that this crack would rapidly cause the seat back to fail . I contacted the manufactureer by e-mail and they responded quickly with directions on getting a replacement -LRB- requires digital pictures of the damage and a form -RRB- . No kidding , as I sat down to fill out that paperwork the lumbar support cracked in half !! I decided to return the chair to Amazon which was very easy and straight-forward . I do n't know if I got a lemon or what . Maybe they had a batch of bad plastic that day because the chair I received was clearly defective and did not even last 2 days .
 I 've owned this chair for a few months . It looks decent enough ... but that 's about the only compliment I can give it . My first `` oh no '' with the chair was that the lowest setting was too high . I like my chairs as low as I can get them , this one did n't get low enough . The second thing I did n't like was that the back did not move with the seat . My old leather chair would tilt the back of the chair and the seat up as you leaned back . This chair only moves the back . Speaking of leaning back ... you ca n't make this chair have the back straight up and down . If you push the seat pin it to stop it from leaning you are actually restricing it to lean back about 45 degrees . If you pull the seat pin out you can lay back a full 90 degress ... or in other words , flat ! Who would want a chair that does that?I had a friend over one day after I first got it and he said he has this exact same chair . He got his from the biggest of the cheap brick and morter department stores . Before he even leaned back in mine , he told me that chair will lay flat . I 've since seen his chair and sure enough it was the same one . He claims he paid fourty for his . Ouch.I broke a screw in mine today . A screw that attaches the back to the seat portion -LRB- on he bottom side of the seat -RRB- . The threaded part of the screw is stuck in the chair . The head of the screw was on the floor with the washer.This chair has been an utter disappointment . I think I got ripped off .
 I bought this chair almost 2 years ago , based on a recommendation from Smart Money Magazine . -LRB- Worth it / Not worth it -RRB- . This was listed as the winner in a comparison with a much more expensive chair.I traded in a good SteelCase chair , that was fine , but I decided to go with this for the better aesthetic appeal . Let me tell you ... that was one of the worst decisions I 've ever made , regarding a consumer product.The seat of this chair simply has created much more back pain , and leg strain for me , no matter what height I adjust the chair to . -LRB- to the point of hip pain while walking -RRB- Nothing else has changed in my home office -LRB- the desk , the keyboard , etc. -RRB- and I do n't feel this way , after sitting in my day job chair for 8 hours.Only after I come home , and sit at my home computer , and this chair , do I feel pain.I 'm just now trying to do the research for a better chair , and I think the old adage , `` you get what you pay for '' , can not be taken too lightly , if you are at the computer for any length of time.This is simply a horrible product , that is cheaply made , and more than likely will have a long term negative effect on your comfort and/or posture .
 I bought this chair as a christmas gift for my fiance . After putting it together -LRB- which was easy -RRB- I sat in it , and hated it . The cushion is hard , and the back is uncomfortable . I felt like I was going to slide right out of it . I am not even going to bother giving it as a gift ...
 What a mistake purchasing this chair . It sits comfortably enough except it is NOT LEVEL and there is no way I can get it level . I am ALWAYS leaning in a direction . To make it tolerable I try to turn the base so that the low spot is behind me , but it a continuing battle that is a constant distraction.Please , do not buy this chair .
 Purchased this item for use in home office . There is no static , but still has that echo of a speaker phone . I am disappointed because the system is very expensive . Perhaps you do n't get what you pay for .
 This item was clearly marked at the price per dozen . I received 1 pencil . Really ???? $ 5.00 plus for 1 pencil ! I contacted the seller twice . They are `` working '' on a refund . This is false advertising and they should have to honor their listing . Where I come from a merchant must honor an ad in error until a retraction is printed . These pencils can be bought at several sites in this same price range per dozen on sale . I contacted Amazon and have not heard back from them . This is the 4th time this year I have had a problem with an Amazon merchant . What is going on ? I have shopped here for years and never had a problem . I keep coming back for the convenience , service , quality of the products and the prices . But there are new companies making attempts at competion . Amazon has such a huge and varied inventory that it makes it a true `` one stop shop . '' This little fiasco reminds me of the general drop in customer service and product choice at Wal-Mart that followed Sam Walton 's passing . This customer will get what I pay for or take my business elsewhere . I want my `` old '' reliable Amazon back .
 The illustration leads you to believe you are ordering a dozen pencils . Not so ! You are purchasing a single pencil that can be bought at an art supply store for about a quarter of the price advertised here .
 Despite the fact that the ad clearly states in at least two places that this is for a dozen pencils , it is only for single pencils . When my order for 5 dozen arrived as 5 single pencils , I was rather shocked . I emailed the company and they have promised a full refund . I appreciate their helpfulness , but this should never have happened . Now I 've wasted 2 weeks , and additional shipping time for the next order of red pencils I 'll have to place . Not sure if this company or Amazon is to blame , but I 'm very angry about it and want to be sure that no one else gets suckered as I did .
 I purchased 3 of these . These pencils were sent to me loose in a thin envelope ... . no packaging as shown in the picture ... it was supposed to a gift for my son 's stocking ... As expensive as they are , I expected more .
 I purchased these pencils after an extensive search for a former `` Spectracolor Design '' colored pencil now no longer produced by Faber Castell . Finding an artist-grade pencil in a well-blended crimson color was a requirement for an alternative colored pencil for my search . I purchased a box of twelve.Upon the shipment 's arrival , I promptly began preparing the pencils using a high-quality artist 's pencil sharpener . Time after time and to my frustration , I found the pencil lead would only disintegrate in the sharpener , making it impossible to produce a proper ` point ' to the pencil lead . I tried a number of other sharpeners , only to have the same effect.Clearly , the leads of this brand -LRB- or batch -RRB- of pencil are defective in either manufacture or design . A pencil without a point is n't worth much - whatever the intended use.STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS PRODUCT .
 Pencil kept breaking each time I tried to sharpen it ... threw it away after half the pencil broke away.My advice to others thinking of buying it and having it shipped to you is to find a local stationery shop that stocks it and buy it there .
 junky product . never buy again . waste of money . Not even worth this price at a discount . Maybe good for little kids things . Not professional looking at all .
 Compared to another 900 MHz phone we have that cost about $ 20 it was terrible . The reception was interuppted by noise everytime you turned your head . I have returned it and am looking for another phone . Want to avoit interferance with a wireless home network
 We purchased the DXI-386-2 because we have been so happy with our older Uniden cordless phones . What a waste of good money . Shortly after purchase both the primary and secondary base started having problems charging the phone handsets . Despite cleaning the contacts , charging would only occur if we balanced the handsets in one of the charging bases at a bizarre angle using scraps of cardboard to hold them in place . 60 days after purchase they ceased charging at all , so we now have two worthless handsets.Call Uniden customer service ? Hah ! You can not even get through to a person on their customer service line and many of their automated menu selections simply disconnect your call . This product is bound for the dumpster and we will not buy Uniden again .
 Having an extra handset and charger certainly seemed like a great idea at the time . In fact , it was the # 1 factor in buying these phones . I was confident that they would be of good quality because of a prior good experience with the Uniden brand.Alas , I 'm sorry to report that the range on these phones is woefully substandard . It 's literally like being tied down to a regular -LRB- corded -RRB- phone . The static is absolutely maddening.Battery life leaves much to be desired . I just got my phones but a friend of mine has been suffering with the same phone for just about a year now and his batteries do n't last more than 2 hours . Other users have reported similar problems . Something for me to look forward to , I suppose.It 's worth mentioning that another factor in the decision-making process was that the newer , better 2.4 GHz cordless phones were incompatible with my 802.11 b wireless internet transceiver . I 've been recently informed that 's no longer an issue.And , for what it 's worth , the other handset is rendered useless because of the reception issues . Who needs an `` extension '' that is incapable of `` extending . '' It 's like having two phones in the same room . Pointless!There are much better 900MHz phones out there . Spare yourself the inevitable disappointment and look elsewhere if you need a good cordless phone .
 Pros :1 . intuitive design and features - I didnt open the manual but but was able to figure out all of the functions and was able to program numbers easily .2 . cost - it 's cheap . 2 phones for the price of one.Cons :1 . Reception - regardless of how near of far I am to the base , I keep getting an annoying buzz sound . It is really irritating when trying to hold a conversation . The buzzing sound comes and goes but it is driving me nuts . The other cordless phones that I own do not have this problem . The basic function of a phone is so that 2 parties can talk to one another . There should n't be any static .
 I 've purchased other Uniden 's phones that worked great but this one is junk . I had trouble with reception from the start and had never had a reception problem with any other phones before . The phone then had a habit of disconecting in the middle of a call . The last straw was when the extra headset became useless when nothing worked . It was like it had no battery installed . Checked the battery and nothing was wrong with . The phone went in the garbage as I was n't going to pay more money on postage.When the phone did work there was one thing I liked and that was the Rocket Dial feature . Unfortunately it did n't work that often .
 I 've had Uniden 900 MHz phones before , they worked fine . This model produces nothing but static as soon as I 'm more than 20 feet away from the base . Do not buy it , however cheap it may seem.This phone will be returned to Amazon this week .
 The IDEA of these phones is a good one - two units , one phone jack , one unit active at a time so no listening in to conversations ... but there is something horrid about the reception . Within a couple of months the static got so bad that folks do n't want to call our house any more . I 'm looking for something else right now and thought i 'd warn the others out there to get something else before it 's too late .
 The binder is listed as a 11 &#34; X 8-1/2 &#34; . It is incorrectly listed and I have notified the company it came from . If I wanted an 81/2 &#34; X 11 &#34; binder I would of got one off of my shelf that I already have . It would cost me more to send it back than what it cost so therefore I spent money that I did not need to spend and have a binder I do n't need .
 The hinge failed in less than three months . Pages jam under rings , Difficult to pick up because cover flops open . it is designed to open flat but does n't use D rings.Few months later it has totally fallen apart . Rates a junk rating .
 I ordered and received two of these two inch binders.One Binder was in great condition , the other Binder was fine on the front of the binder , and it works properly.However , the back cover of the binder is torn & broken at the bottom edge . The package arrived in a larger than necessary box , but it was in good shape ... no smashes or dents . So this had to be damaged , before it was shipped to me.I have no idea why AMAZON would send me a damaged item.Not Happy .
 This `` log '' is very small and very cheaply made . The space allocated to describe the purpose of your travel is way too small . I ca n't believe that this documentation would be adequate for an IRS audit . I sent mine back and just use an 8 x 11 notebook where I have all the space I need . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 The ringer volume on this `` factory refurbished phone is not adjustable . It 's supposed to be but is n't . The volume is stuck on high , which is too loud for a bedside/nightstand phone . The phone is defective . I would bet anything that this is why it was returned by the original buyer to begin with and Vtech never repaired it , they just resold it . I have bought other refurbished products over the years , computers , scanners , etc , etc , and only had this happen one other time . the other product was yet another vtech cordless phone -LRB- different model -RRB- . Their new phones are great , but avoid their refurbished products , they are a scam . If you research what I 'm saying on line , you 'll find too many others have had my experience for this to be just coincidence .
 the phone wwas cheap priced and i read the reviews and bought it but mine doesnt ring so now i have to get another one . not happy
 I guess I 'm the only one displeased with these . I was expecting a thicker , card-stock or thin cardboard cover -LRB- like the old ones ! -RRB- , but instead the black covers are more like a slightly thicker paper cover -LRB- think cardstock paper , except even more flimsy -RRB- . They do not stand on their own and look really cheap . Because I was expecting the old fashioned thicker covers , it seemed that 15 for 25 was a good deal , but after seeing these in person I would n't have paid more than .25 cents apiece for these , so they were a bad deal . Not sure if I 'm going to go through the hassle and cost of returning them , but since I use them for high billing for my business and they look so shoddy , I 'm not sure I 'll find a use for them . Disappointed .
 Okay . One star means `` I hate it ! '' but , in fact , it is not the product that I hate ! -LRB- although this wallet will be hard-pressed to expand to a full 5 inches -RRB- ! I saw 2 items in the photo and saw the description `` Wallets '' which I understood to be plural -LRB- more than one -RRB- ... and deduced that there was One Set of 2 Wallets per order . Now , that is a good deal ! And what do most of us come to Amazon.com for ? In part , a good deal!The Walletttt ! came in a nice sized box with packing . Excited to finally complete a pending project I ripped open the carton to find one , stiff and lonely accordion wallettt : -LRB- Will I return it ? No . This worn-edged stiff excuse for a deal will be filled and I will think twice about another similar purchase from Amazon.com .
 Im sorry but this phones design is terrible . the talk button is so large and sticks out so much that if you try and cradle it between your shoulder and chin while talking you will likely hang up . sometimes just walking around with it in my hand I inadvertantly turn it on . its a big pain and will be returning it for a different model .
 I have two of model 25404RE3 . Needed a 3rd for home office use . Ordered this ` new ' model by mistake . The two 25404RE3 phones work fine , but the new 25414RE3 does n't . First , the phone recognizes only line one when a two line cord is plugged into the first jack . To get it to work for my two lines , I have to plug it into the second jack and use line 3 and 4 . Second , it does n't intercom at all with the 254o4RE3 models . This needs to go back!Also , FWIW I like the aesthtics of the older model better ; sleeker looking buttons and less use of dark colors .
 I bought this to replace my aging Siemen 's 2420 home/office system . It supports chain-dialing -LRB- unlike some multiline ATT models like the 2.4 Ghz speakerphone base - which is now handling my `` home '' lines -RRB- ... I had read some bad reviews of the Siemens 8800 series 5.8 Ghz effort - so I tried this RCA model . Mistake on my part ... Do n't bother with the ` Remote Handset '' add-on - it has massive interference problems from local RF sources -LRB- home office with lights , wireless headset , wireless LAN , cellular phone - the usual stuff everything should be immune to ;-RRB- . The speakerphone base is OK for listening , but not for talking . I use a Plantronics 900Mhz headset for all talking - not the handset or the speakerphone mic . Unfortunately , the speakerphone handset will NOT work with a plantronics HL10 handset lifter - I used a dremel moto-tool to fix the design and now it can lift the handset . Do n't try this yourself as it voids the warranty and is functional yet not cosmetically pleasing ; -RRB- Overall this phone is simply not up to home office duty - despite having 4 lines and a somewhat decent speakerphone.RCA should learn from Siemens and do a complete multiline speakerphone system with excellent base , intuitive functions to support business users -LRB- per-line and per-handset configuration of access , and many other features that Siemens implemented in the 2420 and 8800 series -RRB- . It should support 8-16 wireless handsets , optional repeaters/range extenders , and remote speakerphones on the wireless side - as it stands it is mostly useless and will likely end up in the garbage as soon as I can find a business-friendly SOHO offering ... My Siemens 2420 lasted almost 8 years and I went thru 4 speakerphone bases , and 12 or more handsets - used it for 2 office locations -LRB- home and RV -RRB- with great results - too bad nobody else has touched this market with an effective product . Perhaps it 's time to revisit the 8800 ; -RRB-
 good phone -- interfaces well with the other RCA phones we have -- BUT -- this one -LRB- model 25413 -RRB- DOESN `` T HAVE CALLER ID . The picture is WRONG -- it wo n't display phone numbers , it wo n't display caller ID . SUPER irritating that one model will do that , and one wo n't .
 We started out 3 years ago with 3 desk units and one of the cordless handsets that go with the system.One of them was sent to the scrap pile after approximately a year . First the HOLD button stopped working . When the HOLD button was pressed on that station , it would disconnect the call . When the same unit starting giving us issues with static , we figured it was a defective unit -LRB- out of warranty , of course -RRB- and replaced it with a Panasonic . The Panasonic does work with these phones , however , if a call is placed on hold at another station , it does not recognize when the call has been picked up , so it `` thinks '' the call is still on hold . Both of the remaining stations have since lost the HOLD function as well , so we set the handset on the desk and press MUTE . MUTE , thankfully , still works , but this makes it impossible to make a call on another line while a person is on hold . When the HOLD button does work , however , the person on hold hears a loud , obnoxious beep every few seconds . Within a week , we had about 10 customers complain about this , so it must be irritating to a lot of people . Another issue we had may have been due to a lack of research on my part
 Avoid these Phones . All 4 of mine got multiple signals from non-phone lines . Yes I got FM Radio , music , news etc , signals while on the Phone . Worse than GE 's 7 year mini Flourecents that last only 6 months these were bad right out of the Box !
 This phone was a total disappointment , as it is impossible to hear the caller . If the volume is at its highest , your own voice is so loud that it 's torture , and you still ca n't hear the other person clearly . I bought this phone because of previous good experience with a GE phone . Thought this would be better , since it 's more powerful , but it 's far worse .
 Reception is great.Features are great.Nice phone to look at.But there is one lurking design flaw that dooms this phone . The Talk button is round and big and sticks out just enough that if you rest this phone on your shoulder for a millesecond , you hang up on the other party .
 Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the tubs arrived damaged in shipment -LRB- cracked -RRB- . I wrote the company an e-mail and explained the problem . It has been four -LRB- 4 -RRB- to five -LRB- 5 -RRB- weeks and I have received no response .
 This answering machine is a waste of your money . Worked OK for a few months then consistently drops messages . Set message time to 2 or 3 minutes , lucky to get 13 seconds worth of message time if it records the message at all . If two messages are attempted to be left , only a max of 13 seconds of the last message will remain . Machine is going in the garbage . Save your money .
 This answering machine drops calls , cuts messages off in the middle of a sentence , and will not for some reason keeps losing the proper time and date . Do not buy , not worth the money or the hassel .
 Easily the worst answering machine we 've ever had . Drops messages and cuts off callers . I would not recommend this product or buy another GE answering machine .
 This machine is a peice of junk . I got it set up but it would not record an incoming message at all , and the really bad thing is that the person who 's calling get 's the generic greeting and they leave a message thinking that it 's working . Also , it would not record a personalized greeting . And the worst part ? When I called general electric they pretty much told me too bad , and that because I bought it through an auction house that they do n't even honor their warranty !!! I contacted Amazon and they told me how to write to the third party distributor through Amazon 's website and they were great about the refund and Amazon was very helpful as well .
 This machine was missing messages and cutting messages off.Do not buy it ! We bought it at Target and returned it .
 Bought this 6 mo ago . Now it will not record incomming messages and not because of the `` on/off '' button . Never could increase incomming call message length to more than 4 min - cut off a lot of call mid-message . Difficult to understand the digital language .
 This was a gift -- a nice thought , but ... ease of set-up gets five stars but that 's it . Voice quality on the playback is terrible ! Skips , drops info ... `` Hi , this is . . san . Dinner tonight at . . other 's , at . . :30 . '' huh ? Time for a better quality unit .
 I purchased this answering machine for my parents a little under a year ago . It worked fine at first . Decent quality . Might have to replay the message once or twice , but overall not too bad . Then starting a couple of weeks ago , it would get quiet during a message , then loud again , then quiet . Sometimes it would just cut off in the middle of the message . Other times , it would n't record . I 'm sure we 've had some very important messages that we missed out on because of this hunk of junk . Two stars because it started out fine . Do NOT purchase this product . It was a budget-driven mistake I wo n't be making with GE again .
 My mother has had this GE machine for a few years , and it gradually began to cut off messages . I thought I would try a new one , hoping for the best . Well , it recorded many messages well , but in a short while I received a cut-off message . I was very disappointed because other than that problem , it is good . This GE answering machine has good sound quality - a better , more natural-sounding recording of voices than the current AT&T model . Why the manufacturers ca n't get everything right in one product is beyond my comprehension , and causes me to feel some frustration .
 After using it for over a little two years , it got fried in a power outage . The message display says `` 8 '' and none of the buttons responded . The manual said to unplug power cord and plug it back it . Nothing.This was purchased for the home office . For the main home number , the answering machine combined with a phone by AT&T ; survived the power outage .
 This product has one small problem . It drops some messages . If you 're using this product throw it away since you 're probably missing messages . If you 're looking for an answering machine stay away from this item .
 The machine has two problems
 Setup was very easy . With the system powered on , but we were only getting parts of a messages , or no message at all , The worst aswering machine in the world after a couple of weeks . We went back to a 25 year old machine by AT&T. ; We got tired of not getting messages.Buyer Beware !
 I would n't recommend this machine at all . It is easy to use , but I only get parts of messages if anything at all . I need to hear every word of a message , not every 4th or 5th word .
 Machine is easy to use , but the voice quality is terrible considering how good digital recordings can sound . I do n't recommend this product . Spend a little more money and get better voice quality .
 I am surprised that the cheap AT&T ; answering machine we got 4 years ago still outperforms this new machine . GE really did n't get a few things right on this.The biggest problem is that on power failure it loses outgoing message , time , and worst -- all your incoming messages . This is simply unacceptable . They do have a 9v battery backup , but a year later that will be dead and you could lose messages . My older digital -LRB- not tape -RRB- machine does n't have this problem , and when I can get a 16GB SDRAM card for my camera for $ 25 , it seems they can solve this problem : -RRB- Recorded voice quality of the outgoing message is worse than current machine - a little crackly . No way to rewind a few seconds , just go back to start of message.Aside from that it seems an OK machine , but the memory problem is a real death cookie for us .
 I really wanted a three mailbox machine and found this one . Had received good reviews so I was pretty sure it would work as expected . Disappointed with the item as it is very , very difficult to understand and the only way to delete a message is to play it and hit the delete button while the message is replaying -LRB- my previous machine had a button to delete all old messages which worked great -RRB- .
 These were pricey and are not clear at all . They are a cloudy yellow to start out and are listed as &#34; Clear &#34; . They are not clear and ca n't be used in my project since the glue is meant to be seen . Very Disappointed !
 I ordered a glue gun as well as glue sticks . the glue gun arrived in a timely manner , but the glue sticks took almost 2 weeks to arrive . At that point I returned the sticks to the vendor since I had already purchased them locally .
 One of the wheel bolts was defective and would not unscrew . It was a Christmas present , so I chose not to return the item but had a friend saw off the bolt and fill the cavity with foam so it would not rattle . It was very poorly packed , so the bolt could have been damaged in shipping . I was very disappointed with the condition of the item when I received it , so I will likely not order anything further from Amazon .
 The bolts fall off very quickly when using it . No wonder it was so cheap .
 Perfect size . Nice design . Pretty solid -LRB- for it 's weight -RRB- . But after the first use one of the bolts dropped out of the handle base -- the nut had worked loose . Fortunately I found it and replaced it . But after two more uses , two more bolts worked loose and this time I could n't find one of the nuts . The thing is now sitting in my garage.It 's a shame that poor details like this can ruin what was otherwise a pefect little dolly .
 Ordered the 7.5 x 10.5 for work and they are really 6.5 x 9.5 . . that extra inch on both ends makes for a HUGE difference in what we use them for . Also very poor quality , must use packing tape to close up both ends . .
 Have plenty of tape available when using these envelopes . Sealing glue is terrible and will not hold your enclosed material securely . Also tape over bottom flap since that has a tendency to pull apart also .
 The photo shows BOSTON brand and the words say x acto ... these are a cheap knock off of the original and it mattered to me ... wo n't buy from them again . Must everythingcome from ^ & ** China ? I would have paid a couple of dollars more for the original high quality ones ... in some of these the finger parts are on backwards . Wake up AMERICAbuy American or we will be speaking -LRB- * ^ -LRB- -LRB- _ + % . The `` discount mentality '' is killing us . In all purchases we try to look for the VALUE whilst looking a the price .
 They got the engraving wrong 3 separate times !! The hinges are also cheaply made - in fact the whole product is very flimsy . Do yourself a favor and buy one of these from a different company . Got a full refund -LRB- including shipping -RRB- after the third screw-up .
 There were many problems with my order with Favor by Serendipity . I ordered 2 engraved business card holders . One holder was difficult to open , while the other would not close at all . The so-called leather is not genuine leather ; the overall craftmanship is shabby ; and the engraving looks unprofessional.When I called them , I was told that I could not even get a full refund , since they were engraved . Needless to say , I was not happy with either the product or the customer service . Hopefully , I can prevent someone else from having the same unfortunate experience I had .
 Service was great . The product arrived on time with the correct engraving . The product however is very flimsy . Turns out it 's Chinese made . I recently bought another business cardholder for only $ 2 more than the price of this one and you ca n't even begin to compare the two . I do n't expect mine to last long . The only plus is the personalized engraving . I wo n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased 2 for my restaurant , to be used daily . It had issues the first time I had to replace the staples , but we got that sorted . Both staplers have gotten jammed and had to be fiddled around with to be fixed . One of them we decided not to waste our time fixing anymore so I 'm going to buy another - a different one . The other one does n't have much life left -LRB- it 's been 41/2 months for both -RRB- . It was great while it lasted and I like the upright feature . But they do n't last long with daily use so I wo n't be buying again .
 I purchased approximately 8 of these for my store within the last six r so months and none of them are still working .
 the stapler broke the second i opened it up to put in the staples . The spring flung open and the bottom part where you put the staples on came right off . Thanks for such a defective product
 I wanted to love this because of the pricing and my satisfaction with 3M 's 1-inch foam squares . But ... these are not the same dense foam . This is a much lighter , squishable foam . I use these for paper crafting -LRB- cards , etc. -RRB- to add dimension and you can hardly tell they are `` popped up '' at all . Sadly disappointed ... going back to cutting 1 '' squares into fours ...
 !!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!! I purchased my HP Fax 1250 a few weeks ago , and it is easily the worst fax machine I have ever had the misfortune of trying to use.I was sold on it because it was from HP and I figured they sold decent products . I was sadly mistaken about this one.It uses more paper and ink to print out worthless reports that do n't even tell you what is going wrong so you can fix the problem than it does actually faxing.The keypad is maddeningly inept at its job , which is to enter numbers in . You have to double check every single digit that is entered because you may think you have entered the fax number in correctly , by making sure you mash on the button until your finger tip turns white , but it will still probably not register at least one of the numbers and then your fax will not go through , and until you go through and carefully inspect every aspect of the erroneous error report it gives you you will not be able to find out what is wrong until you double check the number that is in the middle of the page . !!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!
 Bought brand new , looked good , set up easy ... then , Dial tone button would not pop out , no dial tone . Ringer would not work . I ca n't believe HP would let this leave the factory with these defects !
 Output is poor . Ink usage is off the charts . We used 2 cartridges of ink a week in a low volume company.I would NEVER buy this product again , nor would I ever recommend it .
 We 've had this fax machine for a little over two months . We are replacing the ink cartridge almost every week . We do not receive enough faxes to warrant an ink cartridge a week -LRB- and we are only using the machine to send and receive faxes - with no confirmation pages being printed -RRB- . We are a small non-profit agency and can not afford that much ink . It was the price that attracted us to the machine , but we 're paying for it big time now .
 The `` egg '' opens envelopes well enough - the problem is that instead of slitting the envelopes on the top edge , it slits them about 1/8th of an inch _ below _ the top edge . Which means that if a letter inside the envelope happens to be up that high , the letter can also be slit during the process of opening the letter . It has happened to me already -LRB- although I suspect it would probably be a relatively rare occurence -RRB- . One other note
 This product came and dried out in a few day 's use . Ordered again to give the company a 2nd chance and because it is so easy to use ` one click ' . I might be nuts to trust 'em but I believe in 2nd chances .
 The color is kind of right , but NOT what buyers might expect . It does not really look like aluminum.The texture is right , rubbery under the `` metallic '' fabric.The size of the mousepad is too small and it it does not work well with optical mouses . It makes the cursor `` jump '' or falter , it is not a good tracking surface.The wrist rest is the decent part of the deal , it works well and looks OK . But it is not special enough to justify the package 's price.RAIN DESIGN IREST WRIST REST PAD SILVER -LRB- ACCESSORY -RRB-
 I ended up throwing mine in the trash it did not work and when I tried to take the back off it broke ! A total waist of money !!!
 I know that Lexmark is no longer manufacturing this product , but I was hoping that someone still had some in storage . These ribbons work very well , but that are not as advertised . The OEM would work better on paper that is textured at all , this will break up a bit .
 The item was listed as an original IBM product . It was not he is a compatible manufactured product which is worth half the price if that .
 I found these to be a waste of my money.I used them -LRB- well , attempted to -RRB- to mount a small -LRB- 8x10 -RRB- , light weight -LRB- dunno - less than half a pound ? -RRB- white board in my office , on the wall . Yes , I followed the directions . I was not pleased when said white board fell off the wall and on my head in the middle of a meeting . Undeterred , I used MORE squares to re-mount the white board . Same result . Head , meeting , disappointment.Went to the hardware store on my way home and scored some Duck Brand mounting squares . Worked much , much better . Also , unrelated bonus - their mascot is cuter . http://www.amazon.com/Duck-Brand-297472-Mounting-60-Count/dp/B000BQL2HS/ref=sr_1_14?ie=UTF8&qid;=1328642362&sr;=8-14
 Ridiculous buy ! Thought would get something spectacular for expensive price of $ 5.29 -LRB- not to mention.the larger s/h of $ 5.97 for this relatively small and lightweight item -RRB- . I could n't get to a local hardware store to buy the same or similar -LRB- would be less expensive -RRB- ; sorry I did n't wait . Also , paint from pen has little to no luminescent properties ; covers like chalk .
 The product may be fine if you do n't get an empty pen . It felt light when I took it out of the package and when I shook it like the packaging said there was no fluid moving in the pen . When I pressed the tip up and down on scrap cardboard by the instructions , the tip stayed perfectly white . No paint whatsoever.It is not eligible for return according to the orders page . It would be nice if they sent me a replacement , but there does not seem to be a place to request one.Maybe it would be smarter to buy it in a store where you can at least shake it to be sure there is paint in it.This is the first totally unsatisfactory product I have received from Amazon and it is not terribly expensive , but still ...
 After waiting 10 days , I finally got this -LRB- what happened to my Prime 2-day shipping ? -RRB- . After fiddling with it for 20 minutes , I could n't get the paint to flow past the tip . I tried to return it for an exchange , but Amazon 's website would n't let me , saying &#34; We do n't allow return on products containing &#34; hazardous chemicals &#34; . Interesting , since they had no problem sending it to ME . In this case , any &#34; hazardous chemicals &#34; had dried up so there is nothing to worry about . I ended up chatting customer service and they agreed to send me another one . They even send me a return shipping label so I can send back the old one . We will see how the second one works out . I have a white one of these and it works fine .
 There are 2 deal-breaking reasons not to buy this online .1 . Amazon will not allow returns for this particular item , because it contains -LRB- or certainly DID contain , at some point -RRB- flammable solvents .2 . This pen is n't wrapped in air-tight plastic , solvents are thus evaporated . No flow.Trust me , I know my paint pens . I worked at it for an hour , even soaked the tip in 91 % isopropyl alcohol . There 's paint , but because the xylene or whatever is evaporated , the paint is now too viscous to wick properly , hence this is no longer a paint pen , but rather a $ 6.40 lesson in the value of shopping locally.I am sure it 's a great pen , in ideal conditions , so tomorrow I go to my locally owned paint store . Maybe they 'll have a fresh one , or can spot me a drop of lacquer thinner to see if we can resurrect some of the usefulness of this faulty product.UPDATE
 I bought expecting it to be high quality from Krylon . However the paint was so thick that the button inside could not mix it to break the fluid . I never made it function and I ruined the tip by consistently trying to unclogg it . I really hoped it would work for me . Purchase at your own risk .
 The operator 's manual is not very well organiized . There seems to be a lot more bells and whistles than I had bargained for . All I wanted was a simple fax machine to send and recieve faxes and occasionally make a copy . I 'm still reading and rereading to try to figure out how to simply operate it . Oh Brother , I 'll eventually catch on , I hope .
 This is a nice and compact fax machine and very cheap especially if you buy the off-brand toner for $ 5 each . The main problem I had was it keeps registering the document jam even if there was nothing there . And it would not clear it unless you open the cover . I could NOT use it until that is done and the jam message gone . I called Brother about it and they sent me a replacement that works -LRB- refurbished one -RRB- . I have Vonage and I was not able to get it to work . My faxes went through on my line but got a message that says Poor line . And the recepient never received my faxes . Oh , well . Vonage said that they can get it to work , but I gave up . I am now using the Brother fax as a photocopier . Good luck !
 Be warned
 This is my worse purchase from Amazon.The product was delivered after a long delay . Finally when it arrived , it was in a broken box . Once I opened , it looked like a used product that was repacked to make it like new . Once I hooked it up , the fax # display sometimes shows the number and at other times the display shows partial fax numbers.I have used Brother Products before and has always been satisified with their other products/services in the past.I am totally dissatisfied with this vendor and urge all not to purchase from this vendor in future.Amazon needs better quality control when they let this sort of private sellers sell stuff on amazon .
 The machine feels fragile and goes through the carbon ribbon quickly . After six months of very limited home use , I am hearing a squealing-grinding noise when feeding the fax for a send ... I am not sure that the unit will make it a full year . I regret buying it . There are better machines out their for the same money ... find one with a refillable cartridge . Conditionally Recommended
 DO NO BUY THIS if you do NOT have touch tone dialing . You will not be able to fax out . Why is this not stated in the Product / Technical features ? I can not use this machine and got Zero satisfaction from Brother and Amazon . Watch out what you buy !
 vendor for this product did a poor job packaging the product . They shipped the original box which was thin and when I got ti there were holes in the box . It was a gift so it looked really tacky . Probably will not order from amazon again
 This product is very easy to set up ; however it is not a printer which is what I needed -LRB- my bad for not reading clearly what it does -RRB- . The return and reorder -LRB- a printer -RRB- worked quite well .
 This was ordered as a gift for the caregiver for an elderly relative out of town ... it arrived 15 days later than advised it would , and she has yet to understand how to connect it , just reported to me today , 09/13/11 . Arrangements have been made for someone to assist her with that .
 I would n't buy this fax machine again if Brother paid ME . I have had mine for just over a year . The print quality is bad , but honestly I did n't expect it to be crystal clear considering the price . I did , however , expect it to work.This machine randomly decides when it wants to accept faxes and when it does n't . Not recommended for a home business . Clients are unimpressed when they have to try and fax me something 12 different times because the machine is feeling temperamental.I bought a Canon fax machine instead and it works like a charm .
 I work from home and need to occasionally send out faxes . This machine is of such poor quality that I have to sit and help the feeder with the documents or else it would not grab them to pull them through . God forbid I ever need to receive a fax - I would have to do the same thing for the printer which is also of poor quality . My advice - spend a little bit more and get something that will be reliable , because this machine is not . I ca n't wait to pull an `` Office Space '' on this thing once I get a different one .
 Needed just an inexpensive fax for home use . This one is garbage . Trying to get help from their customer service was waiting on hold for 45 minutes , being able to give the customer service rep my name and information , then being disconnected . This fax machine went into the recycling bin !
 This fax worked okay for a few months , then stopped being able to connect to any eFax number - always reports a POOR LINE CONDITION error . Yet , I could turn around and fax the same doc on the same line to a regular fax machine/number a minute later . Seems like this cheap fax machine cant connect to all types of faxes . This unit is also making strange creaking noises now when trying to scan in a doc . It 's a cheap unit so buyer beware - you get what you pay for . I am now ordering a new fax machine to replace this one , and this time I am spending a little more money to get a better unit . Bottom line , buy something else .
 I purchased the Brother Fax-575 for small business use . I travel to local business and they sometimes do not have a fax available . This fax comes in handy because it is very lightweight and portable . I have only used it for faxing because when I try to use the copy feature the machine can only handle one page and then it starts to over-heat . The copies come out very blurry and then completely black and then the machine just shuts down . I have not had any complaints from my boss as to the quality of the faxes , however . Maybe they just have n't said anything . This fax is fine for personal or occasional faxing , but if you do more or expect quality copies invest in a better machine .
 This inexpensive machinge worked just fine for occasional use in the first five months I owned it . Then it began jamming on any page placed in it for transmission . Considering how cheap it was , I guess I got what I paid for . It was not worth the cost of shipping to return it for service , so I disposed of it and purchased something of better quality .
 Do yourself a favor and spend a little more and get a better machine than this one . The fax quality is very poor and it works rather slowly . It uses rolls of carbon paper ribbon to create the incoming image . It comes with a very small roll and the replacement roll costs HALF what the whole machine does ! I gave $ 40 for the FAX and the ribbons are $ 20 . It advances the roll the a full page even if the incoming fax is very short.Also , if privacy is a concern , this machine keeps , on the roll , a picture perfect negative image of every fax you receive ! Get yourself one of the lower cost fax machines which use a standard black printer cartridge and you will be much better off .
 Trust me , you do n't want this machine . The print quality is mediocre at best and the document feeder is non-functional . I have to stand over mine and feed one page at a time , which can be tricky because if you 're too fast it puts two pages onto one and if you 're too slow it ends the transmission . Get a REAL fax machine . I will .
 This machine seems like it would be perfect for home faxing . The problem is that the machine died after about 5 uses . Also when it did work , the paper did not feed one page at a time . I had to stand there and ffed each page .
 It is n't working . I havent returned bcuz so busy . No one in town can fix it so instead of the hassle I will probably toss it and buy new .
 Still need a fax machine for occasional use . Price made this very attractive . However , this device is absolute junk . Died with 30 days of purchase and installation . Shutdown and never restarted . Complte and total rip off !! STAY AWAY !!
 I suppose one should n't expect much given the price . But really , I bought this product because it was by Brother , as my previous experience with Brother products was very good . Aside from the terminal slowness , it is quite efficient in other areas . It seldom jams ; it prints quite clearly . I understand that fax prices have gone down tremendously , and there is more variety . So if you 're in the market for a small equipment of this sort , I would suggest comparison shopping the various fax options available and not get seduced by the apparent low price of this item . It might cost more in the long run , in subtle ways .
 I was disppointed to find that this machine takes a ribbon type cartridge good for approx 80 copies at $ 26 bucks a pop . I guess that 's why the machine itself was so inexpensive .
 When I needed a fax machine I just went to Amazon , I ought to have checked the local office supply stores . They had lower prices on this item.It 's O.K. for the situation where a fax is needed , certainly not for a high volume of work .
 I purchased this a month ago . The machine is cheap , the line drops out all the time and the worst part is the old carbon style roller . The carbon paper only prints 22 pages -LRB- I counted the imprints on the carbon roll -RRB- before it needs to be replaced . We set our drill in the reverse direction to rewind the carbon twice but the second time through the print quality was really poor . Keep searching .
 I use this for home , I do n't use much fax usually once or twice a week for my sales application I need to fax in to sign up my clients . I bought this because of its price and size but week after week it starts to jamming up which not only it slows my workflow and frustrating it began to rip my papers or wrinkles them up.Do not buy this unit , it 's total crap and worthless . I learned my lesson and will invest more money to buy a reliable fax machine .
 My last Brother fax -LRB- a higher end model -RRB- just stopped working . Ca n't find anyonme to work on these so you throw it away and buy a new one . I thought I would stay simple and bought a 575 but it jams continually and my biggest problem is only 1 out of 10 faxes sent goes through , it keeps disconnecting . My phone company says they have compatability problems with Brother -LRB- Verizon -RRB- so I am returning this for a higher end model again . I guess you get what you pay for . Do n't buy this or any Brother product !!!!!
 Fax quality is poor . Copy quality is worse . Jams easily both scanning and printing . Prints a full page report for every fax sent -LRB- or attempt -RRB- . Will not retry failed faxes . Requires a very clean line to transmit/recieve , so it fails repeatedly when sending/recieving out of town faxes . Also , beware the very short time period to claim rebate.Simply put , this machine is garbage .
 I assumed the phone was cordless but it is n't , and also it has a constant buzzing sound and is hard to hear . A few days after I bought it on line Office Depot had it on sale for $ 19.95 !
 I purchased this fax as a backup when our primary fax at work finally died . This was cheap and allowed me time to shop for a better model to replace our workhorse fax machine . We send about 15 pages per day and receive 30-40 pages per day.It would be too expensive to use this for a business or busy home office as you would be changing cartridges 1-2 times per week . But , if you are in a situation where you rarely receive faxes , just transmit , then this would be the way to go -LRB- no cartridges used for transmitting faxes -RRB- . Right now this fax sits in the storeroom in case our new fax machine , which is a large Brother laser fax does all our fax work .
 The set up for this product and functionality is very simple . The reason this product was returned is that the quality of print was very poor and when contacting Brothers for assistance the response was poor . The only suggestion was to spend another $ 20 to $ 25 for a cartridge and if that did not fix the problem then call them back . I was not willing to spend 1/2 again as much as the machine cost only to find out if it was the issue .
 I bought this at Office Depot with a rebate so I paid about 30.00 . Since the beginning , the paper jams all the time and it has n't even fed into the machine . It takes about 10 trys to finally get a copy . Faxing worked better , but sometimes that shows jamming also . I want to take it back and smash it to death on the sidewalk outside the store . I am shopping for a new copy/fax .
 This fax machine is very unreliable . I used it mostly for sending faxes . Sometimes the faxes would go through without a problem . But more often then not , it would give me a `` poor line condition '' error message when trying to send multiple pages . So if I needed to fax mroe than one page , I would have to fax them literally one page at a time . This is frustrating and time consuming b/c then you have to dial for each page . I would not recommend this fax machine .
 When you buy a machine you expect it to work . I was told first it was the ink , then I was told -LRB- after the warrantee was expired -RRB- that I was n't using Brother ink . I still have all the receipts ! Customer service holds were almost an hour long , and then I 'd get accused of using some illegal ink . I wo n't buy another Brother product .
 I made mistake of ordering refurb and box was full of fuzz & junk but no instructions of any kind of how to operate . I 'm having trouble getting it to work with limited knowledge of how to use one . Be sure to see what 's in box before ordering one . I should not have been so trusting that everything needed and instructions were included . Very disappointed that Amazon would be selling anything thru them like this .
 This machine is a poor example of fax machine its alignment is bad its copys are bad it has a ink tape which was not explained , I know this is a cheap machine but many things are inexpensive but is no excuse poor workmanship.Thank You Carl WilliamsPS This is why I am returning this product .
 I bought this for my home based franchise so that I can fax my monthly service tickets to corporate once a month and for the odd fax now and then . Unfortunately I missed the part in the description that states you can fax up to 10 pages at a time . Well , my monthly tickets are 36 pages and still growing . I was so excited when I got this little fax machine and even ordered an extra replacement ribbon along with it . Alas , when I went to fax my paperwork yesterday , I spent an hour wrestling with the fax machine when I realized I could not fax the entire stack . I divided it in half , that did n't work because it kept grabbing multiple pages at the same time . I then divided my stack in thirds so I was going to fax 10 pages at a time -LRB- lucky guess -RRB- but the damn thing STILL kept grabbing multiple pages at once . I wound up dragging out the 7 year old Brother fax machine that we put in the closet out of the way until trash day , hooked it back up and faxed my paperwork via the old machine . The problem with our old machine is that it no longer makes copies or can print transmission receipts , which is our proof that we fax our reports on time . We need receipts . Thankfully we still had the old machine but were unable to get a transmission receipt . I 'll have to look for another new fax machine and probably give this one to my neighbor . My bad , I did n't read the description close enough . Still gets 2 stars for grabbing more than one page at a time and I had to keep hitting STOP and attempted to fax over and over .
 PROBLEMS PROBLEMS PROBLEMS JUST GAVE ME PROBLEMS WITH MY PHONE AND ITS NOT CHEEP TO USE UNLESS YOU OWNA PAPER INK FACTORY
 We purchased this fax machine on October 16th and it broke , simply FRIED in just over a month -LRB- outside return window -RRB- after only receiving 3 faxes ! Make that 31/2 . It appeared to die during the 4th . During that reception , it smelled kinda funny , like plastic melting , I looked at , and nothing . No power , dial tone , nothing . Purchase at your own risk . Until the inevitable end to the need for fax machines , which is n't happening quickly enough , I will be disowning Brother .
 The Brother FAX-575 was purchased at Amazon , however their service was great , but the fax receiveing quality was very poor . I did n't want to have the problem of using print cartriges of this sort . I 'm happy with the ink jet method . The sending was satisfactory , just slow .
 For some reason , this fax has issues sending info . I sent a few documents and my transmission report showed the message `` poor line condition '' . Do n't know what that meant , it was n't found anywhere in the manual . I called Brother and had a support technician go through the process of troubleshooting - even sent her a test fax . It went through ok but still gave same error message . She suggested it was something in my phone line and advised I call Verizon or try moving the fax to a different location -LRB- phone jack -RRB- in my home . I did so with same results . Several important faxes went through , but were n't received on the other end . It 's hit or miss . I always have to call and verify if faxes are received . Frustrating ... It receives faxes perfectly . Sending is an issue.Too much hassle . Should 've invested more $ in another model .
 It is not what I wanted from a fax machine.It took me a long time before it worked.Wouldn ' t recommend to a friend .
 HERE WHERE I LIVE , WE LOSS POWER QUITE FREQUENTLY ... EACH TIME WE LOSE POWER , WE MUST REPROGRAM THE POORLY DESIGNED BROTHERS FAX ... RIDICULOUS
 I read over this item several times , and this is a total of 36 basic black bic pens . These pens sell for $ 1 for a pack of 10 at the grocery store at back to school , and $ 3 for a pack of 10 any other day . So at most , you should be paying $ 12 for this item , and yet it costs more than four times that amount . Either they messed up on the qty , or somebody screwed up the prices .
 i assumed they would be made of gold but they were n't . way too expensive for 36 pens . these should be $ 10 .
 The picture of the letters is an aqua blue . When I received the letters , they were royal blue . They do not match my bulletin board .
 I tried three different VT 1421 's , and all of them had defective headset jacks . The audio quality was OK , but since the included headset would n't work , it was pointless to keep the phone . I would recommend sticking to an older vTech 900 mHz digital phone like the 1930 , which has worked fine for me so far for over a year . If the Quality of these phones were only better , the small size and decent clarity would have made it a keeper . Oh well .
 This is a very compact phone that is very convinient sue to its size , but it has its faults . The phone does n't have speakerphone , and the head-set does n't work well at all . The biggest fault the phone has though , is that it is very unclear to talk on , and there is a constant hissing noise in the backround .
 this is the 2nd phone had to send the first one back , lots of static and cuts in and out in the middle of a conversation . planning on sending this one back also .
 The phone and the functions are n't bad at all but god forbid if you should need to find a battery for this thing . I 've been to where I originally bought this thing and every other store in my city but not only do they not carry the original phone itself , but no accessories to go with it either . It sort of makes me ponder as to why I actually got this thing in the 1st place .
 Loved the size ... but the headset would only work if it was placed just perfectly ... and of course do n't move at all once it 's in . Sound quality was n't as good as I expected from the handset . Going to have to take it back .
 I bought a package of these pens at Wal-mart for about a dollar as I needed pens . Ca n't say I 'm happy with them . What are brand new pens often take a good deal of scribbling for any ink to come out on a consistent basis across multiple pens in the same package . And when you do get ink to come out , often times it is faint , like the pen is drying out . I 'm all for buying bulk when it comes to office items like this , but apparently a dollar will only take you so far . I 'd recommend buying other pens .
 One of these pens exploded in my purse and got all over my white Blackberry . The ink is impossible to remove . I could have traded my phone in or sold it for about $ 200 and was getting ready to do so when this happened . Now my phone is worthless . Thanks , Bic !
 I needed red pens for work . I kept a couple of them in my bag . They write as if they are already worn out and the ink is not as dark . These pens are just awful . One minute they will work , the next it will be dead . Almost every single one I have used so far have exploded ; luckily they red ink did not leak out , just into the clear plastic part . Even though these pens were cheap , I am still mad that they were all bad . WASTE OF MONEY , do n't bother buying
 I had to return this item when many , many of the pens were dried out and had faint , fading ink . These were quickly replaced , but I am still have trouble with many pens leaking , many dried out , and writing with pale light blue ink rather than the medium point darker blue ink I have come to expect from using bic pens since the 1970s . Time to look for a new blue pen , I guess . Very disappointed .
 Ad does not match the product you will receive . What you receive is BIC Cristal pens , with octagonal handles , not round . They are not the Stic model . The pens write like they are old and dried out . The pens write very light , ink flows poorly . They just do n't work . I discarded them . You can get the real BIC Ultra Round Stic Grip Med point at Staples for $ 2.49 / dozen .
 Looks nice , works okay for about a year . Like almost all V-Tech phone complaints , batteries no longer hold much of a charge after that , the extra charger just quit working after about 2-3 months . I swap out the two handsets from the base to keep them charged , but if one dies while you 're talking on the phone , you can not use the other one ! You can not have 2 people talk on two handsets at the same time , like a family would . If one handset powers off -LRB- and you only get about 2 minutes of `` Low Battery '' beeping in your ear before it just cuts off -RRB- , you can not use the second handset for at least a few minutes . It gives you an error message and tells you the other handset is in use . So hope that call you were on when you got cut off is n't too important.In addition to poor performance , there are these LOUD clicks and piercing beeps that occasionally and randomly occur , unheard by the person on the other end . The handsets are not at all comfortable , and can not successfully be wedged into a shoulder for long . The handsets hold a lot of grease from facial oils , and must be cleaned every other time they are used . Even when not wedging the phone between your ear and shoulder , it 's very easy to punch a button with your cheek ... most commonly the `` On/Flash '' button , which cuts off your call ! Even if you have call waiting , and hit the flash button again , you can not get back to your original call , although the handset will continue to count up the seconds on your call so if you have a plan that counts minutes or toll calls , it will continue to act like the call is going through , when in fact the only thing to do is hang up and start over.I had upgraded to this phone from a 900 MHz , and I get LESS reception than before ! I ca n't go out the door with this phone without unbearable static crackling loudly in my ear . I had better range with a 900 . Break out the wallet and pay double what this costs for a decent working phone . My old Uniden 900 MHz is still plugging away just fine ; unfortunately , no answering machine .
 I had to return this phone . The speakerphone , which I use almost exclusively , was very harsh , poor sound quality in comparison to my old Panasonic wireless . It also cuts out if the other person does n't speak loudly . I was very dissatisfied with this phone .
 I have had this phone for over a month now . For some reason , when you press a number button `` 0-9 '' , it does not always register with the phone . The phone beeps , but if you listen into the handset , it never transmits the tone over the phone line . So when a phone number has a `` 2 '' in it for example , you have to press the `` 2 '' button one to five times before it will actually register . This also affects memory dial and causes that feature to be completely useless .
 It is not often that you will find a review from me on a product , as i have little time to write them , however , i felt as though it was my duty to inform you on how horrible this phone is , so you dont waste your money by purchasing it . This phone is by far the worst phone i have ever owned , and i will never purchase an electronic device from Vtech in my life.I purchased this phone from walmart believing that i was getting a good deal on a nice phone , and now i can not wait to return this piece of crap . The phone has a horrible battery that doesnt hold even a decent charge compared to other phones that i have owned in the past . While vtech claims that the phone operates with 5.8 ghz , the phone looses signal once i step five feet out of my door of my room . Also , sometimes the phone will stay off of the hook when you try to hang up . The answering machine is awful and forgets the time and date every day . The worst problem that this phone has is that it has trouble recognizing when a number has been pushed when dialing a number.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR ANY OTHER PHONE FROM VTECH . lets allow vtech to continue making toys , because quite frankly , this phone is pretty much a toy .
 Bought this phone for pretty cheap at Wal-Mart - that should 've told me something right there . I 've had it less than 2 months and all the people I talk with say the reception is terrible on their end and they hear tons of static . I have the volume set all the way up on 8 and can barely hear anything . I came home to 2 messages that were pure static - could n't hear a word anyone was saying or even who was calling . This is THE biggest piece of junk I 've ever purchased . Please save your money and buy a different phone !
 its a good phone if you live in a single level dwelling . No good if you have a 2-3 story house . Not a good reception further than 15 ft. I wouldve expected more from a phone that is 5.8 Ghz , but I guess you get what you pay for . Unfortunately for me , this one was cheap and it shows it . I found the battery life good and the functions good and easy to use . Its just the reception that lets it down .
 I just bought this exact phone that also came w / an extra handset at Walmart for $ 44 . I hate it . If I am more than 15 feet from the base it hangs up on the call . It is static all the time and very tinny sounding . Messages left are hard to understand . I do n't like the buttons on the base for listening to messages you have to hold it in for like 5 seconds , then let go . . and then sometimes that does n't work and you have to do it again and you hit delete and sometimes it deletes and sometimes it does n't . I have call waiting with caller ID so if I 'm on a call and someone else tries to call I can see who the 2nd caller is , well this phone does n't show the # for the second caller . I am going to return it and am checking reviews here to find a brand that is more well-liked by others .
 Range is HORRIBLE , and that 's being nice.I have a 3 story house and I lose reception one level away . Waste of money , very poorly constructed .
 It 's all about sound quality , and it 's not that good in this phone . It also has another interesting -LRB- or weird ! -RRB- feature in the CLOCK . Here 's an example
 Should have realized by the price that this was not a wise choice.Does not register Caller ID every time . Had my sister call and does not register . Also called from my cell phone-nothing . Also did not set time on handset when received first call.Tech person unable to solve problem so returned to XP Passport . Still waiting for credit .
 My old 900mhz Uniden phone just died . I have had it forever and love it . Just bought this phone from wal mart for around $ 30 and can not wait to return it . I decided to get the 5.8 because we live in the country and can use it outside . Never had any problems with the with old phone outside but figured it would be even better with 5.8 . This one lost the call when I stepped out on the step to walk 10 feet to the garbage . Ca n't get good reception downstairs and it has an annoying cut out on the conversation every 5 minutes . Call quality is horrible and you get too much interference when you raise the volume . If there is any noise in your house do n't try to talk on the phone because you ca n't hear the caller . Also the back of phone is too round so it slips off your shoulder constantly . Also dropped it when answering with damp hands while washing dishes . The base hangs out a mile off the wall if you hang it up . Why do n't they make any flat wall mount phones anymore ? Wish I could find another Uniden EXA17980 again . This phone is a joke !
 While I really enjoy this product , the pen is really too expensive for the short amount of time that the highlighter has ink . The ink will dry up severely quickly and refills can be hard to come across . The highlighter is also not very bright.If you are looking for a pen and barely using the highlighter , these pens will probably do just as good as any other . Plus the benefit of the highlighter will definitely allow you to save time . However , it is a little on the bulky size so writing becomes difficult.If you are looking for a highligher -LRB- as I assume most people are -RRB- , you are probably better off sticking to your average sharpie than this .
 but unfortunately , the pen does not work no matter what i do , so now i just have a highlighter with a big hole in the middle . not very helpful .
 I bought this item recently -LRB- I bought two actually -RRB- at a local office supply store . I thought , great , it gives me both a pen and a highlighter , which comes in handy when one needs to make notes and highlight something . However , I found out quickly , and it was confirmed by an email sent from Bic , that only the highlighter is refillable . The pen part is n't , which makes it -LRB- after the original refill runs out -RRB- , a single -LSB- mono -RSB- , as the highlighter is refillable by direct order from bic . At $ 5.00 , approximately , it 's hardly worth the money . They need to make the `` pen '' portion refillable too . Be warned .
 this came to me very dirty . When I opened it a hair ball came out with dirt all over it ! Then I had to get all the different cables and still had to download the drivers.Finding the drivers was a significant task . I still have n't got it working yet . I need to find the drivers I downloaded and then try it out again . That 's what I get for buying used electronics !
 When a I received a large box containing only a 40-page booklet . $ 7.90 to ship a $ 3.95 booklet when perhaps 2 or 3 first class stamps would have sufficed . The booklet cover states a $ 4.99 value which I find to be a stretch only because Grizzly opted to ship the booklet in a box which could of contained 50 or more copies . Ouch !
 I have used Engenius phones for eight years . Distance is excellent . I can go several hundred yards , inside another building , and still get a great signal . However , the reliability is terrible . Eight years ago , I bought 4 phones . One year later , only one was working . I replaced the phones , and one of the replacements went out after about 9 months . I moved to another system two years ago , after one more phone died.About 4 months ago , I opened another small business and purchased two Engenius systems with a total of 6 phones . After 55 days , one of the 6 phones does not work . You can press any button on the phone and the display shows a 4 , regardless of the button selected . You ca n't place or receive a call . Nothing can be done to reset the phone , even after leaving out the battery for a week . The only option is to return the phone , and that 's the problem.Engenius sells 95 % of their phones through `` unauthorized dealers '' with no warranty . It 's really funny how a business can sell most of its phones through companies -LRB- large retailers -RRB- who are not authorized to sell their products . -LRB- Humorously -- I wonder how they get the products to sell , if they are `` unauthorized '' ... ? -RRB- . This is a bogus practice that allows unreliable merchandise -LRB- I have proven it over 8 years -RRB- to be sold . And the only way to get the item fixed is to pay $ 200 on a phone less than 60 days old , which is just under what I paid for the phone . So , instead , I will either trash the whole system , or be forced to buy a new phone . The end result is that Engenius sells more phones to replace broken phones that have died due to poor quality in the first place . They have a unique , deceptive , business model . If you must have a long distance phone -- Engenius makes a long distance phone . They run hot , and have poor battery life , because of the power needed to go the distance . They are definitely unreliable . They end up in the trash . You can pay another $ 100 per phone to buy from one of two authorized online dealers , but the extra $ 100 on 4 phones can almost buy two new phones . If you buy these , understand they are unreliable and Engenius refuses service for 95 % of the phones they manufacture , because somehow , a major retailer obtained them and is `` unauthorized '' . -LRB- I guess maybe these retailers broke in and stole them from Engenius ??? -RRB-
 This is an updated review after using this phone for a year.I have taken it from 4 stars to 1 star . Here is why : Answing calls has become very difficult . Hit the button too hard and it does n't answer . Hit it too lightly and it does n't answer . I now have to hit one of the buttons several times for it to answer and it only will answer if the phone is ringing . If you hit the button while the phone is not actually ringing -LRB- during the pause between rings -RRB- it will not answer . Also from time to time it makes weird tones and beeps during the ring . Once the call is connected , it 's great , although there is a bit of static that first 1 second it connects . I have found that once I hear the phone ringing , what I do is just hold down the answer button and eventually it will answer.UPDATE
 Beware , this glue has a very strong toxic smell , maybe , it does a good job , but you should know that fact if you use it around kids .
 I read at a few different places that this would be good for papercraft , but it is definitely not . The glue brush/handle is just drenched in the goop and it 's impossible to apply it with any precision . Definitely not for smaller type crafts . The applicator is just messy , no way to do it with any accuracy . Possibly only good for larger projects but I do n't know .
 It works good on paper but not good on wood , or metal . It 's not gorilla glue or something ! 2-1/2 stars
 I purchased 2 handsets of this model , charged the batteries according to spec , and then tried to register them with the base unit . Only 1 would register , the other never did.I tried to contact the seller , but no response . I bought these 2 replacement handsets because of problems with 2 of the original 3 , purchased over 1 year ago . I have since disconnected the Uniden system , and purchased an vtech unit , which I am much more pleased with .
 10 of us have this Rhino Pro 5000 . My beef is the tape exiting the unit as it completes the printing process . It gets caught on the ridge as it exits , thus getting caught up inside the unit rendering the entire cartridge unusable . Furthermore , we purchased 50 boxes of tape . Each box contains 5 tapes . As the tapes sat in the office in a dry cool place , the tape now curls . If it does come out of the unit , it is very curly . To top it off , it is very hard to peel . I would look at another unit next time . Although this has great features , it is a pain to print out the tape and peel .
 Reading the one review that existed for this product , I really looked forward to receiving it . Reliable . Accurate . It would seem that this product would fulfill my every need . Then I unpack it to find that the cabling is a PS2 keyboard wedge . I have n't had a PS2 keyboard in at least five years . Why was n't the connector specified in the description ?
 OK , nowhere on the description of this product does it say `` PS/2 '' , but it is . Do n't be like me and assume that since this is the 21st century that PS/2 items no longer sell . I was pretty hacked off when I opened the box and the packing slip said `` PS/2 '' and the cable reflected the same . GRRRRRRRRRR ! Do n't know who 's fault this is , but they should be repremanded .
 This page up document holder works alright but is not nearly as good as the one I lost . Here are the problems as I see them . # 1 -- product is too light-tends to slid off desk - # 2-aperture for inserting documents are too large-documents blow right out with a little air such as from a fan . In order to compensate-I had to make a paper cushion and tape it down in the aperture-that works but is not really best . This page up holder needs to be larger around the base and heavier and the aperture needs to be reduced . It 's pretty to look at-something my 4 year old granddaughter would like but in my opinion is not suitable for my requirements . I would not buy another just like it .
 I have a wonderful `` Page Up '' which we have had for years , and which does a wonderful job of holding documents in place . I was surprised to see the low price on the `` clown '' Page-Up , bought it and found out that it does n't do the job . It is about half the weight of the one I have , and tips over easily . It would be helpful if the weight for each of the different Page-ups would be listed .
 Adorable looking hold up - but within a few months of using the hold ups leak . We work with children and purchased seven ; unfortunately , we are unable to use them .
 I am definitely disappointed by the quality of this item . It 's not anywhere near as cool as the stock photo would suggest . The shark is barely visible -LRB- and not even in certain angles does it magnify as shown in picture -RRB- . Also , it 's pretty small - I should have looked at the dimensions before ordering . The only good thing is that I got it for a pretty low price -LRB- although buying this at the 99 cents store would have been more appropriate -RRB- .
 ... these headphones did not last longer than expected . After only 2 months of use , they shorted out . From what I can recall , the sound was decent , but the audio wire was thin . I expected better since they are a brand name , but did n't expect studio quality since they were so cheap ... you get what you pay for , I guess .
 Not impressed at all . sound quality is junk . I have to turn my ipod up full blast just to hear it at the same level as half way with other head phones . No highs NO lows just murky mid blah . . My cheep Koss set sounds a million times better . . very upset about my purchase .
 I quite enjoy the sound quality of these headphones . However , I bought them specifically to watch Netflix while I am on my rowing machine . The length is great , but the plug-in connection is loose and wobbly and I have to `` play '' with the plugin until it seems to work consistently . The plug-in does not seem to be tight enough , not a good fit . Not sure if I am adequately describing the problem , but it 's annoying . I would like to have been able to communicate with the seller , but there are no options other than to return the headphones . If the seller reads this , I would n't mind any suggestion he/she might have to correct the problem . Otherwise , the headphones are perfect . If I can not hear the audio , though , what good are they ? Please advise .
 the sound on this headset is very good , however it will not hold very well at all , the fit is very loose and I have normal adult head size .
 ok for a video game I guess but , if you want something you can rock tp spend some more money . There plastic not anodized aluminum . and there very light which is good in a way but , they need more weight in the magnets . Just not enough uumph for me .
 After only a month of having these headphones , they stopped transmitting anything . It seemed to be the plug and it did wiggle very loosely . I would not recommend these to anyone . And , even before they broke , the sound they transmitted was n't very good .
 This item has no info track , is taking the longest to be shipped to , I 'm needing this items or otherwise I would n't had ordered them in the first place , I hope one day it will arrived to me . Awful service .
 In order not to disturb neighbors I use head phones to watch TV , movies , and listen to music . The sound quality of these is not bad . But they are an uncomfortable , loose-fitting contraption , always falling off your head if you look up or down . You ca n't adjust them to a tighter head fit . The ear pads are not attached in a fixed position to the headband so they dangle downward on a swivel when they 're not on your ears . Every time you put the contraption on your head you have to adjust the ear pads , holding them with your hands in a straight up position before you can slip them over your ears . I find these ear phones are just too inconvenient and irritating , so I do n't recommend them . -LRB- I thought I wanted a longer cord like these have so that I could walk around the room with them on . However , have found that a long cord gets in the way , is rather dangerous to trip over . Next ear phones I 'll try to find a coiled cord and a volume adjustment button on each ear pad -- features which I 've found convenient on previous ear phones . -RRB-
 I was not pleased with these headphones . They feel cheap and are n't loud at all . Full volume on my phone and the headphones only results in an average , quiet listening volume . They do n't sit comfortably on my head either . Sending them back .
 I loved having this on my desk till it started to leak . The liquid completely drained out within 8 months of owning it . My assistant bought me another one and the second one did the same thing .
 It came covered in dust and dirt . Moreover , it looked like it was laying on a shelf for ages . The item does not look new . Do not recommend !
 After students used white boards for two days , the white boards started separating on the edges and corners . I recomend not to buy this kind of white boards since quality does not match price .
 This board I bought is the worst board ever ... . In the pic only the front part is shown ... . The back is totally cardboard . Its jst sticking 1 white paper on top of a cardboard and charge 4 $ for that ... . Blah ... Amazon I did n't expect you would sell such worst kind of product ever . Also within one day the cover has started coming out !!! Amazon do n't fool people by selling such stuffs ... . I am totally disappointed and would recommend others not to buy any of these boards !!!
 I wanted something inexpensive that I could write a few things on each day . It did n't need to be fancy , just functional . This is not . When I first got it , I was able to dry erase , but not well . It left terrible residue . A few days later , it would n't even do that . I had to use a wet rag to erase . Not worth even the few dollars that it is priced at .
 I use hearing aids and while this phone is somewhat compatible you have to place the phone to the hearing aid in a very awkward position for it not to cause feedback . This does n't happen with our GE , VTech cordless phones or the cheapest Motorola cell phone.While we did n't have terrible reception problems we could n't use the volume setting past the first level -LRB- which is too soft -RRB- because it would pick every little bit of noise in the background to the point the caller 's voice was drowned out.The ringer volume is just above the TALK button so it 's very easy to have the ringer go off in your face accidentally . Very annoying.I 'd give it away to Goodwill but I 'd be embarrassed to .
 These phones are TRULY a piece of work -LRB- and I DO N'T mean that in a favorable light -RRB- . About 10 days past the return deadline set by Amazon -LRB- of course -RRB- BOTH phones started a really bad habit of dropping a calls with no warnings whatsoever . No explanation as to why this was happening either , no `` low battery warnings '' from either phone ... just simply stopped in the middle of calls . They also have VERY lousy reception ... always buzzing or fading out , even when you do as instructed and change the channel of the phones . Contacted Uniden for replacements which they sent ... AT A COST OF $ 10 each ! And they were n't even the SAME model , they were REFURBISHED , EARLIER models ... and I know you folks out there are gon na guess what I 'm gon na say next
 This product sucks and so does their customer service . Uniden has gone downhill . I purchased this phone in October and it refused to charge the battery after two months . I bought a replacement battery thinking that it was that . It still would n't charge . I called customer service who said I needed a receipt which I did n't keep . I informed them that I bought it from a store , not their company and they said , oh well , nothing we can do . So , now I 'm out money for the phone and the replacement battery . It does n't amount to much money , but it is the principle that they refuse to stand by their product and put crappy and defective products on the market.Will never buy a uniden product again .
 Bought this product for ME drafting classTriangles are nice not very useful . Does n't have any markersRuler does n't have 1/16 in scale so not useful outside of engineeringNice items but I would buy something else
 STAY AWAY FROM UNIDEN PHONES ! WE PURCHASED THE TRU9380-3 -LRB- SAME SYSTEM BUT WITH 2 HANDSETS INSTEAD OF 3 -RRB- AND THEY ECHOED INTERMITTENTLY DURING USE - WHO WANTS TO HEAR YOUR OWN VOICE ECHOING BACK AT YOU ? BUT WORSE - WHEN WE MOVED THE PHONES TO DUST , THE TWO CHARGING UNITS PULLED THE FINISH OFF OUR GOOD FURNITURE ! WHEN WE CONTACTED UNIDEN THEY ASKED US TO SUBMIT PICTURES - WHICH WE EMAILED . THEN THEY ASKED FOR DETAILS AS TO WHAT CLEANING AGENTS WE HAD USED ON OUR FURNITURE - WE HAD USED NOTHING BUT A DUST CLOTH . THEN THEY ASKED US TO SEND THEM ESTIMATES AS TO THE COST OF REPAIRING THE FURNITURE - WHICH WE DID . THEN THEY ASKED US TO SEND BACK THE PHONES FOR ANALYSIS - WHICH WE DID . AFTER ALL THAT , THEY SENT US A LETTER STATING THAT IT WAS NOT THEIR FAULT THAT WE PLACED THE PHONES ON OUR FURNITURE . THEY REFUSED TO PAY FOR THE DAMAGE CAUSED BY THE PHONES OR EVEN REFUND OUR PURCHASE PRICE . THERE IS NO WARNING IN THE MANUAL ABOUT PLACING THE PHONES ON FURNITURE AND THE PHONES ARE NOT TOO ACCESSIBLE FROM THE FLOOR ! SO SAVE YOUR MONEY AND THE COST OF REPAIRING YOUR FURNITURE AND DO N'T BUY UNIDEN !
 I just recently purchased this phone and have been using it for a little over a month now . The phone works good but does INTERFERE with our wireless Internet . Often times people ask me where I am or if I 'm outside because the phone sounds extremely crackly -LRB- on their end -RRB- . Also , this phone 's base station has very short-range before I 'll lose signal . Being that this phone has such short range , from the base station , whenever I pick-up the phone to make a call it takes a while to search for the base station and in some instances CA N'T FIND IT . Whenever the phone ca n't find the base station I 'll have to walk several rooms over so that I 'm within 10 feet or so of the base which is absolutely ridiculous and defeats the purpose of having this phone as a multi-room setup!One of the biggest downfalls , besides wireless interference and short-range base station , and I ca n't believe that they would even sell a phone with this issue is that YOU CA N'T EDIT NUMBERS IN THE PHONE BOOK WITHOUT ERASING THEM FIRST . This is absolutely ridiculous that you ca n't move the cursor to insert numbers like a `` 1 '' to the beginning of a number or just correct a mistake you made . This means that if someone calls you and you want to save their number you have to write it down and then add it to the phone book so you can include a `` 1 '' at the beginning or the phone ca n't make the call . That is just unbelievable and pure implementation laziness.I 've included a list of pros and cons below which I believe outline the many shortcomings of this phone system . This phone was a waste of money and I would 've returned it had the 30 days not have come and gone . The next phone I purchase will most definitely be a DECT phone and one without all the issues below.PROS - Expandable phone system - Wall-mountable base unit - Speakerphone works like a champ -LRB- when the phone works -RRB- CONS -LRB- too many -RRB- - Interferes with wireless Internet - Base station has very short-range before signal is lost - Ca n't edit numbers in the phone book -LRB- without erasing it , just ridiculous -RRB- - Answering machine message sounds horrible - Local area code is n't dialed for seven-digit numbers -LRB- I saved the area code in the settings but never works like it should -RRB- I do n't recommend this phone .
 I purchased this phone based on it 's reviews and price . I probably would n't get it again.My two complaints are that I occasionally hear my voice as feedback through the speaker . I have not been able to narrow down what causes this and has been only a nuisance as a user.The most pressing issue is that the people I am talking to tell report that I am `` breaking up '' . This has occurred while speaking to different users on different phone lines . This does not occur with an older phone that I used to troubleshoot the problem . Thus the `` breaking up '' is inherent to this Uniden . Therefore , I have reverted to using my cell phone as opposed to playing the `` Can you hear me now ? '' game with my home phone .
 I have struggled with this phone for over 3 months and it is junk . Every call I recieve they say I sound like I am underwater and they have to call back one or two times to get a clear signal . Most of the calls I make out are the same ! Then when I can finally get a clear signal I hear my own voice echo back to me ! If thats not enough , The handset on the base unit only sometimes works . Half the time when a call is coming in and I try to answer it just says connecting and then the call is ended before I can get to another handset to try to get it to answer . This phone set is garbage . I am going back to V-Tech !
 These phones are terrible . Sound quality very bad , if you walk more then 10 feet from the base you lose your connection .
 We are disappointed . The instructions to program names and numbers is very difficult and unclear . We could not do it . The sound on one of the extentions is somewhat distorted . We have kept it because I destroyed the box and it is to much trouble to send it back.I do not want my legal signiture available to the internet.R . Menetrey
 This did n't last for 10 seconds under my desk - tilting the foot rest on the frame scrapes the paint off the frame ! Also does n't slide smooth - obviously - I hope to be able to send this back . There are better things out there for half the price .
 First Time , so sorry if I am not up to spec . BE AWARE
 I found this company very very poor on customer care . I ordered this item , I live in Spain . Lingvobit Inc had not given FedEx the correct reference code , when I tried tracking my goods , FedEx told me this , I contacted Lingvobit who gave me a four number code , this was INCORRECT as it was not a long enough number , I again contacted Lingvobit Inc who then gave me the correct 12 number code , by which time FedEx had returned it to them . I AGAIN contacted Lingvobit Inc , who said they would refund my money when the ` goods were back in stock ' !!! I THEN RECEIVED AN INVOICE FROM FEDEX FOR TWENTY EUROS POSTAGE - can you believe it . My advice is , buy another make of translator - I have !
 LCD broke after 2 years of minimal use . ECTACO would not fix it . When I look at competitors models I see that they have similar features for MUCH less money and usually include verb conjugations . This does not . I really do not know why ECTACO is sooo much more expensive than other brands . I will take my chance with a $ 29 Franklin or other brand before buying any ECTACO again .
 Not the quality I expected . Touchy keypad repeated letters frequently . Many words I tried to look up just were not there . And worst of all , now that the warranty is expired , after having it less than two years , it no longer works in battery mode . I will have to buy a new one to take to Mexico , but not this brand .
 I purchased this unit assuming it would work with my base unit . The new handset does n't work when the phone rings ; must be a different frequency . In any case , it does n't work .
 THE SITE SAID THE ITEM WAS IN STOCK , I ORDERED IT , THEN 6 OR 7 DAYS LATER , RECEIVE AN EMAIL ADVISING THE ITEM WAS NOT IN STOCK . MY CARD WAS CHARGED ON THE DAY I ORDERED THE ITEM , AND A WEEK LATER I AM TOLD I WILL BE ISSUED A CREDIT . I AM DISAPPOINTED IN THIS TYPE OF REPRESENTATION WHICH I DID NOT EXPECT FROM AN AMAZON REFERENCED SITE . IT MAKES ME QUESTION WHY AMAZON WOULD LET SUCH A FIRM SELL ON AMAZON . AS OF TODAY , I STILL AM NOT CREDITED THE MONEY ON MY CREDIT ACCOUNT . I WILL FIGHT THE CHARGES WHEN I GET MY STATEMENT IF IT IS NOT CLEARED UP BY THEN .
 It 's a great phone . It has more bells and whisles than a mortal can use , including an anwering machine in every handset . I have three handsets to go with the base unit , which covers my two-story house nicely . A little over a year since I bought them , one of the hand units began to go beep erratically with the function window flashing and running around the features . The battery was on `` 1 '' but was not accepting the charge . I switched batteries . The unit did the same crazy song and dance , as if someone was rotating the joystick button . This joystick button seems to be `` stuck '' electronically . Must be the circuit board . There is nothing by way of support on the Panasonic website . So I am about to replace the unit on Amazon . In twnety years of woning panasonic phones , this is the first time , I 've had failure . Stuff happens , as Rumsfeld used to say .
 The unit refused to work . The reciever would not detect the already operating transmitter . The battery would not hold a charge . Unit has been returned for credit . Still have ` nt heard from the supplier . Not at all pleased with the transaction.T . Lindemuth
 I am confused . Can you tell if it is like KX-TGA650B . Is this compatible with KX-TG6502
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a color device ; that 's one of the nice things about it . If you paint a pig blue it 's still a pig . Believe me , the ES800 is a pig ! Allow me to explain . -LSB- ... -RSB- it 's advertised as great for travelers , language learners , etc. . I speak Spanish almost daily and have been complimented by native speakers . As one who taught Spanish for 30 years , I was appalled to see just how poorly the ES800 translates even common words and phrases . Examples
 Took the risk even though I was aware of the negative reviews . Ordered the product and was excited to get it . For the price tag I was hoping to get my monies worth . It turned out that the product is not as good as ECTACO makes you believe . ECTACO claims that it can translate sentences . Clearly this is not the case ; it only translates the words in the sentences from English to Spanish word to word as a result you get a sentence that does n't make sense when translated into Spanish . It ca n't even translate the most basic sentences in English to a understandable form of Spanish . I was quite disappointed and I knew that after 2 days of using it was clearly not worth its hefty price tag . I ended buying the Franklin BES-1850 its better and more affordable.Pros
 The product is the permanent glue sticks in the picture , Not repositionable like the title and product description states they are . The company was great about replacing them but after 4 tries , still not the item that was described . A + on customer service , F on Product description .
 I recently upgraded to the latest Card Scan Executive 700 . I have installed and reinstalled several times but can not get it to function . After checking the internet I have discovered I am not the only one with this complaint . I have Windows XP professional and there seems to be an issue . I am awaiting a response from the Card Scan tech site . I simply ca n't recommend this product . My first card scan was a piece of cake and worked unfailingly for several years . I 'm disappointed that it is more difficult now than my original card scanner !
 Software for product is disappointing . It does not allow for enough data fields to imput for sorting . I would have bought the better scanner if I had known about the limitations
 I am glad I purchased my Cardscan 700 , but there are some significant unfortunate missed opportunities and because of that some important functions can not be done at all . My impression is that this is the best product on the market , due to its scanning properties , which are quite good . There are some serious deficiencies though in the rest of the software which would be nice to have fixed , and which in some cases render the device somewhat useless , since the output can not be transferred to a useful place.PROs
 Note this will not work with a modern operating system -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- and the company has decided not to every write a driver for x64 machines.So unless you use XP , do n't buy this one .
 Tried to install . No driver included apparently . Could n't find a driver down load on the site . Tech support is `` closed '' at 3 pm PDT . Ca n't return it either because I opened it .
 Buyers beware ! These shipping labels are stolen from UPS and ordered in YOUR NAME ! This seller is a thief . You can open your own UPS account and get the same shipping labels free of charge .
 Excellent condition used office furniture for starter businesses or for those whom does not want to spent much.Excellent Customer services provided .
 This paper is low quality . Pictures do not print well on it . Huge disappointment . Price is low but there 's good reason for that .
 We bought this phone b/c a previous vtech phone served us well . This one , however is just missing too many key features that I took for granted . For instance , there is no speaker phone feature -LRB- was great for when I was put on hold -RRB- and the ringer volume control only works if you press it WHILE the phone is ringing , and then resets to `` loud '' for the next call - in my house the phone keeps waking up the baby and I ca n't set any handset or the base to silent mode . Also , switching to pick up call waitibg is a crapshoot , you never know if you will disconnect one or both people . If you want a totally stripped down phone , this might work for you . For anyone else , it 's a step down .
 I bought this phone a few days ago , and all you get is an echo , buzzing and lots of other annoying sounds from it . but the worst part about this phone is that when you pick up the handset that doesnt have the phone cord it does n't even work unless it is right next to the other phone . it just sucks .
 We received one as a Christmas present , and liked it at first -- back when it was working . Only 5 months later , we began having having trouble getting it to charge and keep a charge . Now , almost 7 months later , it has a loud hum on either channel and the handset almost wo n't hold a charge at all . We are shopping for a new , decent phone .
 I wonder if i 'm getting deaf but I can hardly hear the other person on this phone ! Secondly , if I walk more that 10 steps away from the base it starts getting distorted and by the 15th step I get disconnected . I regret buying this phone .
 We also received this phone as a christmas present and own it for almost a year . It was working fine at first , a few weeks after getting used to it and all the wonderful beeping noise , the first handset collapsed . It keeps telling me the other unit is on which it is not ! I tried everything v-tech suggested with no positive result.At least we still had one handset left which I was able to take out in my yard -LRB- for 4 month -RRB- now I can barly make it to the kitchen -LRB- approximately 12 feet -RRB- without loud backround noise and constant beeping . It is irritating and frustrating that you are requiered to sit next to the base in order to have a decent understanding and completely annihilate 's the purpose of a cordless phone ! V-tech offers to repair it for a fee but I do n't want to spend any money on a product I do n't believe in . So save your 's and spend it on a hopefully better product ! GOOD LUCK !!!
 The phone work great and was very inexpensive . There is some sound quality issues but not bad . Also some of the features are not intuitive.Good bang for your buck but do not expect the greatest phone.I will keep mine .
 I have another V-tech which I love but this one -LRB- Vtech ia5824 -RRB- is a worthless piece of junk . It disconnects calls within a few minutes and has poor volume when using headset . Followed all suggestions in manual -- nothing worked . Am returning it to V-tech on my dime because Antonline has such a consumer unfriendly return policy . I 'll never buy a phone online again ! Not worth the hassle .
 My husband and I bought two of these phones , based on the positive reviews in Consumer Reports . One phone has an echo -- you hear yourself echo when you 're on a call -- and the other phone is static-y . I tried all the trouble shooting steps , including trying various chanels and different locations for the base . Nothing helped . V-tech has a ridiculous 30 day return policy . My experience with the costomer service line was beyond frustrating -- from the horrible and inaccurate menu to the customer service agents who are not able to adequately communicate with the callers beyond the scripted situations they are trained for . They offered to replace the two phones for me with the same model , but given that two out of two phones have issues , I think that any other phone they sent would have problems , too .
 The title says it all . While it could have the batteries fault , I ca n't go on buying these incredibly expensive batteries to find out . Back to Uniden .
 This phone is terrible !! I purchased this phone outta convenience thinking I would no longer have to run to get my phone when someone called . I 'd be able to have one in my Bedroom , My Son 's Bedroom , LivingRoom , and Office . But Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of my handsets do n't work . It says Out of Range or there 's another phone in use when there is n't . I talked to the VTech customer support and they told me if I have any computers or radios in the area where the phone is placed it 's most likely you 'll get interference and need to remove those items or move the phone away from those items . **************************************************************************** QUOTE From VTech
 This is probably the worst cordless phone I have ever bought and there are some bad ones out there . I have only had it about 6 weeks and it has quit working . It looked appealing , but what good are looks if you ca n't even use it?I wasted my money - do n't waste yours .
 YES , it does the jobBUTNO it is _ not _ the ` latest ' generation Mot/Nextel keyboard.Although the following Motorola item is NOT -LRB- yet -RRB- availableas of this writing -LRB- this review 's date -RRB- through Amazon , youshould make a mental note of the COMPACTNESS & mobility -LRB- ! -RRB- of the ` replacement ' model -LRB- i.e. , the new , improved versionthat is worth the additional cost -RRB-
 The quality of the wood and screws is poor -LRB- some knots in the wood -RRB- . Provides little advantage to just stepping up onto the chair -LRB- except no shoe print ? -RRB- . Not very stable as a step stool.Overall , disappointed .
 Very disappointed in this stool . It comes as a stack of 1/2 '' pine boards , which will take a good while to assemble . It looks cheap , very flimsy and will support a maximum of 200 lbs . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk . Sportsman does n't really fit with the generally high-quality companies that sell on Amazon .
 I ordered this item on Dec 19 , 2006 . The item still has n't arrived . I was provide a tracking number by the vendor but the tracking number states the item left Chicago Jan 13 ... still do n't have the item . One month delivery in North America is a little excessive .
 I 'm just so-so about it . The wrist pad is comfortable , but I do n't like how the entire perimeter of the overall mouse pad curves up around the edges . It should lie flat on my desk . I 'm not crazy about the rain drop design either . Why not also offer black - the most common standard color for mouse pads?Update
 I 'm in the desperate search for a decent cordless , and I own the GE 27998GE6 , which I am trying to replace . The 2224 has a clearly inferior sound , even when you activate the voice-enhancer -LRB- why do they have that ? would anyone use the phone without activating it ? -RRB- . It is just much duller sounding . Other features are nice , and it has a decent LCD display , but this is not really a great phone.GE produces much better phones , a nicer handset , feels more ` ergonomic ' and sturdier . But it has this really inane feature of asking you to listen to ALL your messages before you get to the new one . They probably think this makes sense , as they use it on other models . But is the reason I am thinking of sending it back.But it has other great features , like being able to redial by just hitting one button , even while you are getting the busy sound . If only they fixed their answering machine ... Or , if only SONY started making phones again . They were really the best , crystal clear , and unbreakable ...
 The phone was delivered on a timely basis . We 've had this phone in the past and were happy to be able to find another one as our old one `` died '' .
 Please do n't waste your money ! I bought this phone and it did n't work . The static was so bad that I could n't hear anything . There 's a button to press to change the channl to get a `` better sound '' but that did n't do anything and sometimes it made it worse . Please , please , do n't waste your money .
 Sony phones are much better . This phone will cut off longer messages when recording and even if it is only 2 minutes . The reception is poor and changing channels is useless . Ca n't believe such a big company would make such a lousy phone . Will never trust panasonic again . The batteries run out quickly because it wo n't hold charges for long . I paid 50 dollars for this and felt ripped off .
 I bought this phone and returned it within two days . The main problem was the background noise . People could hear me well , but I had to hear them through the constant background noise . Reception was not that good too . I had to leave the base not lot longer than 50 feet to have reception problems .
 We have several Panasonic phones and have always been pleased with their performance . So , when our old Sony phone finally died on us , we wanted to replace it with a reasonably priced , white , cordless phone with digital answering system and caller ID . This was one of the few white phones on the market that met these requirements . We were excited about the 2.4 GHz technology that is supposed to provide such great range capabilities and felt confident with the brand name.However , after 3 weeks of use , the phone is driving us -LRB- and our friends who call us -RRB- crazy . The reception cuts out on almost every call , even when we are standing next to the base unit . It is guaranteed to drop the call if I walk down the hall or upstairs in my home . I have n't even tried to venture into the driveway with it ! Also , it sounds like there is a constant echo when speaking into the phone . At first , I thought turning down the volume and turning the voice enhancer off might help , but it did n't . Right now , I am shopping for a different phone to replace this one . Very frustrating !
 I just bought a KX-TG 2224W afew days ago , from a chainstore.It sounds quite noisy and unclear.I can not believe my `` ear '' , because I bought a 2.4 GHz 27930GE7 at the same time , which just works perfectly clear and good .
 I bought from the store and I charged 6 hrs as stated in manual . Next evening when I back from work , found out that battery was totally running out and could n't even find the display . Then I tried again charging until charged fully and next day it happened again . I immediately returned to store . Also I noticed some echo .
 This is the worst cordless phone I have EVER purchased . Two new batteries over the last three months . Will not hold charge . Goes dead without warning . Placed into charger and still will not charge , even with new battery , over one `` bar '' on the charge scale.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I previously owned a Panasonic phone very similar to this model . It was black and I had it for about 4 years . It worked wonderfully the entire time . I guess it finally wore out and so I decided that I would buy another just like it . I bought this model thinking it would be just as good . Was I wrong . I had some of the same problems that others had . It would beep in the middle of a conversation and then cut out . I would have to ask the person to repeat what they said because I could n't hear them . I also had trouble with the & quot ; tin can & quot ; sound . Several times I would call someone and it would be very hard to hear them and there would be a static sound in the background . I would hang up and call back and it would be better . I ended up returning this phone and trying the cheaper model thinking it would be more like the original . This one was no good either . I returned the second model and went for another brand . We 'll see how this goes . Very disappointed , Panasonic !
 Well I 'm officlally done buying Panasonic cordless phones . I tried one a couple years back and had problems so I exchanged it for the same one , which ended up had the same problems . I figured it 's been a couple years and maybe the 've ironed them out but they have definately not.I bought this phone a couple months ago and returned it because it would cut out for no reason and then beep . It sometimes also sounded like the person I was talking to was under water . Once again I exchanged it for the same model , thinking I just had a defective unit , but the second one does the same thing.I am returning this phone and will try my luck with another brand -LRB- not sure what yet -RRB- .
 I bought this phone for the cordless speakerphone feature . All I ended up with was a headache . This first phone continued to fade in and out while you were talking regardless if you held the handset or talked on the speakerphone so it was practically useless . After contacting Panasonic I was sent an exchange refurbished phone -LRB- I paid full price for a new phone , not a refurbished one -RRB- . This one was worst than the first . After charging for 12 hours it will only hold a charge for a 5 minute conversation before dying . I 'm very disappointed after spending $ 50 . Please consider a different brand .
 i thought panasonic was a good brand . but i thought rong.first of all the voice enhancer makes who ever your talking to sound completly different . second you prity much have to be in the same room as the base to have a cristal clear conversation . that makes me made the most . but outher wise it is great phone .
 I thought this phone would be really nice considering it 's by Panasonic -- it 's NOT !! It has a voice enhancer -LRB- VE -RRB- which I thought would be great , but it makes the person you 're talking with echo -LRB- if it 's on -RRB- . If the VE is off then you can hear yourself echoing in the telephone . The sound is always bad and it does n't ever find a clear channel so it 's always got static .
 This time clock sold by Icon Time Systems is a piece of crap . I do n't care how many of these `` Made in Taiwan '' clocks they sell , they are cheaply made , difficult to program and unreliable.We have had this time clock in our business for 8 months . It started to fail 5 months in and after calling we were told how unusual it was and this was the FIRST time they have heard of this , really?Well after the 5th or 6th time it shut itself down and reset itself I finally had it and called to inquire about returning it and refunding us our money . They refused . They did offer to go `` above and beyond '' and exchange it but when I voiced my concern to the reliability and requested a refund I was told no.This time clock takes over an hour to program . Each time it resets itself you have to sit in front of it and toggle through settings to get it back to normal . Why ? It 's cheap , that 's why.Do yourself a favor and invest in a tried and true brand like Amano .
 `` Idioms for Idiots , '' that 's what we call this device . We sold it after several frustrating support calls with the manufacturer , pleading for an update or upgrade . Their contention is that the database is accurate despite examples like , `` Pool your leg '' and `` Black ship of the family '' and numerous mis-translations between Russian and English words . If this is the best they can do , we ask , `` What school of fish did the duraks attend ? '' Our advice
 I found data entry very frustrating because not every key-press is accepted by the system . About 10 % of the letters have to be entered twice before they appear on the screen . In addition the tone signal which should signal the successful entry of a letter is not fully reliable.I returned the unit three times to ECTACO in the hope of getting a properly functioning one , without success . Only then did a person at ECTACO admit that this problem was a `` common feature '' of all units of this and some other related series .
 I purchased this gadget for a trip to Russia , since I do n't speak any russian.Overall I think this translator is way overpriced . It has a very cheaplook-and-feel . The LCD screen had a minor defect right from the beginning.The most annoying thing was the keyboard . I usually had to push a buttontwice to get a response . Audio quality is also very poor.Also beware that this thing only has a 10-day return policy . Since my triplasted 2 weeks , I could not return it at the end.I think a cheap paper dictionary would have been better ...
 The dictionary was filled with mistakes when you read the Farsi translation . I bought it for my sister and I noticed a lot of words were translated incorrectly or in a very old and outdated Farsi language.It was a great disappointment . Sorry
 Wrong product was shipped to me , would you please contact me to replace it.thank you .
 It would be a nice dictionary if not the build quality . The most important thing is that it freezes randomly and sometimes it is hard to make it work again , because pressing the reset button and even removing batteries do not always help . First time it happened several months after we bought it . I was able to reset it by pushing random combinations of buttons . Now , after 2.5 years of use , it is dead with half of the screen black and half white . No reaction to reset , batteries removal or keyboard.Think twice !
 For this day it is already the third item in a row for us . We had to replace it twice . If it was n't the seller 's policy not to give refund after one week , we would definitely prefer a refund.The first dictionary could stop working and none of the buttons responded till we would take out the batteries and then put them back in . Usually it happened every day . Than we asked to replace it , and the next unit worked ok for about 2 or 3 weeks . Then it stopped working forever with all our attempts to replace the batteries etc.Hopefully , the third one would work better , but who knows ... The message was clear from the very beginning . I would never buy it one more time , even if for less .
 The keyboard is not sensitive enough and it takes ages to re-type letters pressing twice or even three times on some keys . I was expecting to have a more reliable device for this money .
 My friend and I each bought our Ectaco translators a few years ago from different retailers . Approximately one year later they both stopped working . There was a problem with display . This was extremely disappointing particularly after contacting the head office in the US . The customer service was absolutely horrible ... The software is good if you install it on a pocket PC or a PC . But for its price it 's not worth the money , that 's for sure ...
 Skips all the time . I adjusted the nib and even took apart the feed to make sure all the channels were clean and cut through , but a bad pen is a bad pen . I heard others say theirs worked well for them . Mine sucked from the get-go . However , messing with the feed and nib helped it out a little . But it 's still not a reliable writer . WOULD N'T RECOMMEND -LRB- not to mention the lacquer easily chips off and reveals the copper or bronze underneath which happened to my rollerball version of this pen -RRB- .
 Bought the pumped up version of this phone with the speakerphone base . The Screen stoped working after about four months . You ca n't see anything so you never know what number you are dialing . Now it freezes up and I have to pull out the battery just to get it functioning again . Plus the whole thing is made of cheap plastic I will never buy a product from this company again their purpose certainly is not quality .
 I purchased two of these phones for my roomates as Christmas gifts . First of all , the range is terrible , secondly once you get beyond 20 feet WITHOUT obstructions there is a discernable amount of static . The components of this phone are very low quality , the phone feels as if it has no substance , and it clicks while in the charging base .
 Looked like a good choice to try for an inexpensive phone with a nice design . I 've had it about a week . I 've asked every person I 've spoken to how it sounds on the other end , and ALL have said it sounds loud and clear . Some questioned whether it was wireless or not . The problem is that on MY end of the line there is always static ... a LOT of static . I 've had other phones in the same spot for years , analog , 900mhz , etc. . . I 've NEVER had ANY static on the line . There are times that I 'm yelling at the other person , `` If you can hear me , I ca n't hear you ! No , this is not a cell phone . I know you hear me perfectly , it 's not the connection ... I got a new phone and I 'll be returning it ASAP but I 'm waiting for another one to arrive first.If one of the things you use the phone for is speaking to other people , this is not the model for you .
 I received this Phonemate -LRB- made and/or distributed by TT Systems -RRB- as a gift . After using it for about ten weeks I can report that any of the other negative comments about this product are understatements . Even when new the sound quality on the receiving end was lacking in range and volume . After about 6 weeks the phone developed static that started off low and rose to a crescendo that sounded like a lighting storm in the ear piece , occasionally punctuated with screeching noises . Changing the channel does not alleviate this problem , nor does coming closer to the base . A slap to the headset though , does quiet it down for a brief respite . All in all a thoroughly unsatisfactory piece that has been replaced with a Panasonic 900 mHz KX-TC 1486 which is a true delight .
 I ordered a Meridian 8009 by MERIDIAN ... Received a Meridian 8009 by AASTRA !! That was not what I expected , and not according to their description .
 I own a franklin translator but wanted to know how to say the words so I purchased this translator . The audio for this translator is HORRIBLE , and some of the translations were not correct ! After 5 minutes of playing with this translator I was on the phone getting a return code so I could send it back . So please whatever you do , DO NOT BUY THIS TRANSLATOR !!! I wouldnt pay $ 10 for it ! It 's garbage .
 I took the Lingo TR-2203 Pacifica with me on a trip to Chinain September . It worked fine while I was there and I found itmost useful . However , only one week after I returned home , thetranslator broke . On one occasion , I brought the unit back tothe Lingo Business office in Brooklyn , they replaced the batteries -LRB- something I had done without success -RRB- and the translator began to work again . Less than a week later , it againstopped working.I live in New Jersey and plan to return to Brooklyn to exchangethe Lingo . I will no longer be satisfied if they merely offerto replace the batteries .
 I am unimpressed with this item . The sound quality is very low , though it is better when you use the earpiece . It is very difficult to decipher what you are hearing in any language - I am familiar with four that are included in this dictionary 's package . When you are searching for a word you often find interesting words as a result , but not always the one you are looking for . When you look up a word that has more than one interpretation there is no indication of which meaning the word you are given is in accord with .
 Please do not waste your time . The unit was defective from the start . Not easy to use . Return service very hard . After 2 weeks and a freight loss of $ 27.00 I recieved a credit Do not buy ! 5 stars on all of my other purchases from Amazon The Dero
 The acoustics are very `` tinny . '' Also , basic phrases like `` can you help me ? '' ca n't be found . Save your money for a mini laptop .
 the sound was bad , and shipping was very slow !!! whenever you type in one word , it always give you a phrase , and speak so qucik that I ca n't even catch it , i do n't like it and want to return it ...
 Bought this phone , charged it up and instantly noticed problems with the sound quality . Sound cut in and out frequently and it was hard to carry on a conversation . If the other end is another 2.4 system or a cell phone , the callee typically has a real hard time following the conversation . Also , this phone is hard to use which is apparently a typical problem with these new phones . I also really missed the 10 number speed dial . After fully charged I also found the handset very warm , almost too warm to handle . The keys are also very easy to accidently push which can cause problems if you are on the phone talking to someone . Yuck ! Returned this one . I 've experienced similar problems with other 2.4 GHz phones , so this may be problematic for these new phones . I will probably go back to the less trendy but more reliable 900MHz phone line .
 We were tired of cheap phones with fuzzy reception , so we wanted a top-quality phone with a lot of clarity . We sure did n't get it here . First off , it 's not the clarity one would expect from a 2.4 GHz phone and the answering machine 's quality is even worse . The answering machine features are not very user-friendly . I would like to be able to save certain messages and delete others - but it 's all or nothing . Looking up saved numbers is not user-friendly , either . Panasonic 's customer service on their website leaves much to be desired - all I want to know is if the phone is still in warranty . I do n't have to wait in a phone queue , then pay to ship the phone to another state ...
 The phone works ok but the answering machine sound quality is very poor . I returned it . It is definately not worth the money .
 I have searched about every phone looking for a replacement to our old Lucent tech phone . My mom 's requirements were for a phone w / built-in caller id and an answering system , and the phone had to be wall-mountable -LRB- the lucent was the same -RRB- . I found several phones that were good , had caller id , but lacked the answering system or were not easily wall mounted ... we bought this phone.The answering machine sound quality is acceptable . Not great , but acceptable . The mic is on the backside near the bottom . THe sound IS a significant improvement over the Lucent phone which had a very bad mic and fuzzy playback . Using the answering system is easy enough . The manual really is a necessity though , in order to program some of the options , because you have to know the number code for the option u want to set -LRB- # of rings , etc. . . -RRB- But it is not hard . Inputing names/numbers into the directory is easy.The real weakness is the 2.4 ghz transmission . I did a range test with my mom at work and me on the panasonic . I walked around the house and when I had a brick wall and one room between me and the phone -LRB- 30 feet about -RRB- the signal got choppy and cut out frequently . The signal only had good range when the phone was divided by less solid materials -LRB- wood/glass -RRB- and even then , I got just beyond 120 feet or so -LRB- 3 houses -RRB- when the phone cut out again and i had to run about 60 feet back to re-acquire contact with my mom ... The 2.4 ghz phones seem to all have problems with reception and this one is no different . Do NOT buy 2.4 ghz phones ! I will now order a 900 mhz digital phone of either sony or Sanyo -LRB- highest ratings on range/clarity -RRB- or something . This phone is going back ... ! Useless piece of junk
 Bought this phone , charged it up and instantly noticed problems with the sound quality . Sound cut in and out frequently and it was hard to carry on a conversation . If the other end is another 2.4 system or a cell phone , the callee typically has a real hard time following the conversation . Also , this phone is hard to use which is apparently a typical problem with these new phones . I also really missed the 10 number speed dial . After fully charged I also found the handset very warm , almost too warm to handle . The keys are also very easy to accidently push which can cause problems if you are on the phone talking to someone . Yuck ! Returned this one . I 've experienced similar problems with other 2.4 GHz phones , so this may be problematic for these new phones . I will probably go back to the less trendy but more reliable 900MHz phone line .
 Opps , you wo n't know if you have any messages unless you develop a Pavlovian response to look at the phone everytime you see it . No audible alert . Buyer beware .
 On the good side , its one of the few two-line cordless phone answering machines I could find for a reasonable prince . And , the handset is comfortable to use -- not too big , not too small . However , the battery life is bad . I 've had the phone for a year , and just put the third replacement battery in . Within two or three months , the battery will be worn out to the point that it will give me a low battery signal when I 've been talking for 1/2 hour or less . And -LRB- presumably because they need to be replaced so often -RRB- , I have had difficulty finding the replacements - even on the Panasonic website . I am going to replace this phone soon . Avoid it .
 I 've had this phone for over a year and the battery life is awful . It has a very short battery life ; it will go dead during a conversation even though the handset says it is fully charged . It is also too complicated and scrolls through the menu very slowly . Panasonic 's customer service was poor . This phone is a waste of money .
 Opps , you wo n't know if you have any messages unless you develop a Pavlovian response to look at the phone everytime you see it . No audible alert . Buyer beware .
 I do n't get why other reviewers rate this phone 5 , 4 or even 2 stars ... This phone and its `` brothers '' -LRB- silver & white color -RRB- are just good looking and with some kind of good reception , BUT , the BATTERY is useless , it does n't work for more than 20 minutes of conversation , or if you leave it out the charger , it will loose its charge in 3-4 hours max . You tell me , a phone is useful if its battery is dead ? Noooooo . . Unless you like to talk and hear over the speaker phone . . I hate to be the only one who rates this product like this , but , what can I say , it is USELESS .
 A friend of mine bought this phone and raved about it . So , I purchased the same one . I had to return the phone within two days of purchase because I thought the phone had a defect . The low battery - recharge alert beeped almost every time I was on the phone for more than one hour , even if the phone had just been sitting on the charger for ten + hours . So , I brought the phone back and got another -LCB- same model and such - remember , I thought it was a product defect -RCB- . Needless to say , I ran into the same problem with the new replacement phone . The battery life on the KX-TG2593B is way BELOW expectations . The other problem has to do with the delete function on the answering system . If you hit the delete button accidently while listening to a message , the message is GONE . There is no way to retrieve it again .
 I purchased two of these at the same time and they work perfectly EXCEPT they know out my wireless -LRB- WiFi -RRB- computer network every time they are used . This is extremely annoying and has resulted in my need to retire these expensive phones . I tried switching the frequency , but that did not work . . the wireless was still knocked out when the phone was used . So , wireless network users beware !
 I bought this ... phone hoping for good quality and relying on panasonic name . Oh yes , the phone works fine . Just that the battery wo n't last even 20 minutes . I changed three batteries . First week , it works fine and the battery charge lasts for an hour or so . Later somehow the phone kills the battery -LRB- and yes , I followed all the instructions for better use of the rechargeable battery -RRB- . Then after two weeks this `` smart '' phone used to put ten minutes restriction on all my calles ! Wow , putting a bad battery is good way to save money on your phone bill!I was told that higher the mAh , longer the charge lasts . After searching a lot , I found 1300 mAh battery from panasonic which is suppose to last longer . The battery no . P-P510 was recommended by panasonic with highest mAh for -LSB- the price -RSB- . Guess what , the battery would n't fit in the handset ! Still obstinate to get a minimum value back from my phone , I had to cut the battery cover and somehow fit in the compartment ... Well , to make long story short , I am using a ... phone from -LSB- my local drug store -RSB- .
 Positives ? Good cordless sound quantity even at greater distances.Negatives ? The mic on the speaker-phone is reported as sounding like I 'm speaking through a long tunnel , there is no MUTE on the speaker-phone , battery talk-time is only about 90 to 120 minutes daily , and saving numbers into the directory is much hardware than their older single-line cordless phones .
 Meridian 9316CW Telephone Black arrived without manuals and the accessories were dumped in the box.Not packaged properly -- I returned it
 I bought this phone because it looked like the quality Nortel phones I remember from my corporate days . What I got looks like a relatively well-made Chinese copy . But you can tell ... I read all the reviews here , some saying the speakerphone was good , some saying it was poor . Well , my speakerphone experience has been pretty bad . Usually , I can * hear * just fine but the mic is n't picking up my voice . I 've left dozens of voicemail messages to myself trying to troubleshoot the problem . 90 % of the time I get no voice pick-up ; about 5 % of the time it fades in and out , and the rest of the time it works reasonably well.But how can you place a phone call under those circumstances ? These phones will be going back in the box ...
 Whoever said this is a good speakerphone obviously does not really depend on that function . I am a 3rd degree burn and 12,000 volt electrocution triple amputee and I have used Polycom analog phones for 13 years , well Polycom has phased out the Soundpoint Pro analog line to move to fully digital phone systems ... i.e. Comcast in my area , YUCCH !! THIS PHONE IS NOT A TRUE FULL DUPLEX PHONE AT ALL , PERIOD !!! A huge dissapointment in my arena . Good luck to all of you but this phone is NOT as advertised , Good luck , RM
 Phone suddenly feeds back for no apparent reason . DO NOT PURCHASE !!
 I ordered a Southwestern Bell ID450 . I was sent an FF915TE , which I guess is the same thing . However , I was never able to get the phone to work . I called tehir help center 6 times and followed all directions . FInally they told me to go to a Radio Shack and have the battery checked . Radio Shack said they were unable to check the battery . I am returning the phone , and I advise people to STEER CLEAR OF THIS PRODUCT .
 After having left my old cordless out in the rain , I -LRB- obviously -RRB- needed a new phone . I went to the local department store and bought this phone . We had problems from DAY 1 ! At first , I did n't realize it was related to the phone , which is why I never returned it . Like the others , I got feedback , the phone sometimes would just shut off with no apparent reason , and anytime I wanted to use my dial-up Internet connection , I had to disconnect this phone , because it would interfere with my connection . After owning this phone less than a year , I 'm having to buy a new one - my last one lasted over ten years , and probably would have lasted longer if I had n't left it out in the rain !
 I , too , am returning this phone . A few minutes into every call , this phone would start with an ear-piercing electronic feedback , even those times when I was on the extension . The toll free customer service helpline was easy to get through to , but the company could not offer any concrete help . I 'd advise you not to buy this phone .
 This calendar just IS NOT FUNNY . Four or five co-workers own it , my wife owns it , my brother owns it . We all agree that almost every day is laughless .
 This phone had all the features I was looking for
 The product details page -LRB- where you are reading this now -RRB- says that you get SIX mailers for the ridiculously high price of $ 29.99 . If you click to the inside `` used '' sellers , one of them clarifies that you actually get 250 mailers , which is a much , much better deal , working out to 28 cents per bag . The other seller only says the mailers are brand new . That does n't help much . I 'd buy from the cheaper place -LRB- $ 30 versus $ 70 -RRB- if they would clarify they 're selling the same thing , but otherwise no.Please IGNORE the rating . I had to give something . I 'm sure the mailers work just fine . It 's the quantity Amazon assigns which is misleading .
 This product 's pitch should state more clearly that it only works with Quick Peel Compatible Labels . The labels I use do n't come that way , so I ca n't use the peeler at all . It 's just sitting in my office like new .
 The Avery Label Peeler is not worth the $ 20 I paid for it brand-new . First it would not recognize many sheets of Avery brand labels . The only suggestion the manual provides is to use Avery labels . Real helpful ! When it did recognize the sheet , it frequently did not sense labels and kept advancing causing jams and destroying labels . When it was actually working properly , it was very slow to advance to next sheet , wasting 20 seconds between sheets . In conclusion , a worthless piece of junk !!!
 I used this item for years . Was a great item . Now they changed the labels from being a full page across with the labels divided by strips of the label paper to a sheet where in between the labels is the wax backing showing thru . Now it no longer functions correctly . The labels start to peel up and stop with them still down inside the machine . I have to open the door to get at the labels and once I do it causes it to jam and then I have to remove it , I can no longer put it in the machine because it will no longer feed , and I am stuck doing the rest of the sheet by hand . I know it is caused by the new style of sheet because I had several of the old style sheets and tested them and they worked perfectly . I put the new style back in and it was all messed up.Sometimes when major companies find a way to save one-one-thousandth of a penny by changing a perfectly working design , they mess it up so it no longer is an option . I found I can use a different brand of labels , photo copy the bar code from the Avery sheets to the different brand sheets , run my labels off and use them in the machine . So , since they wanted to save a whole penny on the 1000 label sheets I needed to run , they have lost the $ 500.00 a year I spend on labels . So Sad , do n't you think ?
 I purchased this phone for my home office after a colleague recommended it based on her experience . I liked the features , but unfortunately , whenever I called into the office , although they could hear me just fine , I could barely hear the person on the other end ; the volume was faint and the quality staticky.I tried moving the phone to different locations , moving any equipment that may interfere , and using different outlets and jacks , but nothing helped . I switched to my cheapo GE corded phone and the sound quality was crystal clear , so the problem was definitely with the Uniden.Had to return it ; it was simply unusable .
 I do not like this phone at all and am getting another one . I have terrible issues with static which my service provider has told me -LRB- twice -RRB- is a phone not a line issue . The other major thing i do n't like is that the handsets blink when there is a message on the answering machine -LRB- which also lights up so there is no question that there is a message -RRB- but there is not an indicator that there is a message in the voice mail box.as far as the rest of the phone is concerned , it seems to be ok
 2 line phone , operates like 2 separate answering machinesMust make 2 separate outgoing messages -LRB- ok , I can do it twice -RRB- Must call home twice to get messages off of each line -LRB- unacceptable -RRB- Also : Phone has Caller ID , but one must set time manually . Other phones set their time automatically from Caller ID info .
 KEEP YOUR RECEIPT - AFTER YOU WAIT FOR 30 MIN ON HOLD FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE THEY WILL DO NOTHING FOR YOU WITHOUT YOUR RECEIPT IT IS THERE ESCAPE CLAUSE FOR THE POOR QUALITY PRODUCT THEY PUT OUT . AFTER 6 MONTHS MY EXTRA HANDSETS STARTED CLICKING AND POPPING , I CONTACTED UNIDEN AND WAS FRUSTRATED BEYOND BELIEF , LUCKILY I HAD MY RECEIPT SENT THE PHONES -LRB- 0N MY DIME -RRB- TO THEM AFTER SEVERAL WEEKS THEY SEND ME TO REFERBISED FACTORY PHONES , BOTH DID NOT WORK , CALLED AGAIN THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO SEND ME TWO MORE , THEY NEVER CAME , WHEN i CALLED THEY SAID THE SECOND ORDER DID NOT HAVE A RECEIPT ATTACHED TO IT SO THEY DID NOT SEND THE PHONES , PS HAVE NOT HAD PHONES FOR OVER A MONTH AND STILL WAITING FOR THE REPLACEMENTS .
 unacceptable line static ... sounds like a record player . I 've tried moving the base and remotes all over the house and there is no difference.The speakerphone is also weak . Compared to my old model Uniden Power Max , this one does n't cut it . The old model had no static whatsover and was a 5.8 ghz also .
 I have had a two line multi-handset telephone for my home use for several years . Because several of the handsets , now irreplacable , have broken over the years I looked to see what was out there . The major players seem to be Uniden , Panasonic , and ATT . Although the reviews for each of the systems are mixed , I went with the Uniden , in part because the reviews were slightly better , and in part because it was a little less expensive , in part because it could take 10 units , as opposed to 8 . I have to say that I love all aspects of the system except for one . The handsets are comfortable and easy to use . The intercom and message unit intuitive . The ability to create individual banners was effortless . The writing is clear . The backlighting is convenient , and there seems to be a very good balance between easy of use and flexibility . It is a well thought out instrument.Unfortunately , the one problem is that it is works terribly , at least in my house . The sound quality is atrocious , most conversations deteriorating into a `` What ?? '' `` WHAT ???? '' scream . There was constant static . The range is miniscule . The phone signal did not reach all rooms of the house , or even my back porch . Conversations would periodically drop out.Ultimately , the decision to return the system was easy -- I absolutely could not make it work minimally ; that is , be able to make and receive calls throughout my house . This is less than acceptable , which would include making calls from my porch ; and much less than superior , which would include the ability to make and receive calls from all rooms , and my backyard . -LRB- Of couse , I tried different locations of the base unit -RRB- . So , two stars
 I bought this item and I am getting it ready to return as we write.The caller ID ONLY shows on the lcds during the first ring . After that it only shows
 The TRU9496 works quite well , just as almost all of the other TRU8 and TRU9 devices , BUT ... do NOT buy this or any other Uniden phone BEFORE talking with their Tech Support people -LRB- and I use the word `` people '' very lightly -RRB- . If you make the mistake - as I did - of calling their Tech Support AFTER the purchase is made , they will scold you with such phrases as , `` You should have called us before you bought it . '' In other words , they 're saying , `` You should have had the clairvoyant ability to anticipate that we would do NOTHING to help you , and your purchase would be a foolish one , because YOU are the idiot for thinking we 'd help you out . `` These vile , inept , do-nothing excuses for humanity are rude , patronizing and outright insulting.After the third or fourth repeating of their mantra-like disclaimer of any responsibility for your problem , they say , `` This call is over , '' and hang up!They do not care about you or your concerns or problems . They care only about technical `` hair-splitting '' that is consistent with their CYOA philosophy.I 've used and loved Uniden products , but know now that if anything goes wrong I 'm on my own and might as well toss my phones in the trash and buy something else.CAVEAT EMPTOR !
 Saw reviews here here and bought . Nice feature set . Sound and range fine . Like the look too . Remote units perform well . At one month and a day the answering machine failed for line 1 , but worked fine for line two . Spent close to an hour on the phone with Uniden about the problem before they agreed to replace the unit - for $ 10 fee.Replacement unit from Uniden arrived quickly , but was a factory serviced unit , which failed in the same manner , line 1 answering machine failure , about two months later .
 I bought this phone for home use to sit on my office desk because it was a 2 line corded base unit w / cordless phones that I could use elsewhere around the house . I did not want the digital answering machine but Uniden does n't make a 2 line corded base without it . We use the network voicemail and want to continue doing that.Because the digital answering machine is present , however , you can not use the message indicator blinking light to signify a voicemail message on the network like you can with Uniden phones that do n't have digital voicemail . Does n't matter whether you turn off the digital answering maching or not . So , this phone is going back.No real problems with the functionality or look of the phone , but I was very disappointed that this is n't pointed out anywhere in the online documentation or capabilities . It 's something I would have wanted to know ahead of time , and might be true for others ... which is the reason for my post .
 I just received the phone system and ordered three cordless handsets . The cordless handsets have unacceptable static , even though they are less than 30 ' feet away . I talked to two different customer service reps. One told me they ca n't be used over 35 feet from the base . Another would not tell me what their suggested range should be . Needless to say I packed up all three cordless sets and the base set and shipped them all back to Amazon . A cordless business phone that can not travel more than 30 ' from its base is of little use in a SOHO .
 Received phone in fine condition and was anxious to set it up but ran into problems during testing , encountering two issues that I could not resolve . First , I set the answering machine to `` on '' but it seemed to automatically turn off whenever a call came in . Very strange . Tried it several times but no success . Second , the incoming Caller ID number would only seem to appear for a couple of seconds and then it just said `` Incoming Call . '' I need a phone that displays the incoming ID during the entire time the phone is ringing . Also , the general layout of the phone and button labels -LRB- or symbols -RRB- were screwy in my opinion . I tried calling customer support thinking I might get lucky -LRB- Uniden is notorious for terrible customer service -RRB- and held the line for 55 minutes before hanging up . Returned the phone the same day . My colleague has the ATT E2562 which I think I 'll try next , but not at Amazon 's full price of $ 300 . I think you can pick it up here from a 3rd party for $ 185 .
 The expandable handset has too much static and poor reception -LRB- out of range -RRB- even within 5 ft of the base . This problem persisted even after all possible sources of ` interference ' were disconnected or turned off . This is supposed to be a replacement for my 2.4 G 2 line Vtech , which has not given me this kind of problem except that their keypads are worn after 10 years of use .
 I purchased this product because I needed a two line phone with an answering machine . I have a second plain phone line I use for a fax line and it 's the second line on the Uniden . I have always had a phone hooked to this fax line without a problem . When I connected my fax line to it by using a splitter at the wall jack -LRB- again , same as always , -RRB- something would happen and my fax machine would not `` see '' my line . If I unplugged the line that went to my Uniden , the fax -LRB- all-in-one-prt -RRB- would pick up the line without a problem . -LRB- Rings , and tones were all set correctly . -RRB- I even called Uniden and they `` do n't know what to tell me . '' They told me it was the fax machines problem . I finally had to reroute and be creative , so the telephone line goes directly from the jack to the fax without a going to the Uniden base too . -LRB- Really big pain . -RRB- Also , I have had a lot of people tell me they ca n't hear me when I use the corded handset , which I use most of the time . They said I sound `` far away . '' I 've replaced the cord from the base to the handset and it has n't helped the problem . I also noticed I have problems hearing people too . Now , for the cordless handsets . Like many of the reviews , I too have had problems with the cordless sets . They totally freeze , even though the screen is lite up and gives me the date and handset number . Nothing you do makes it `` active '' again . I 've taken the battery out too and then put it back in . Sometimes the phone will work for a little while and sometimes not . I now have one phone that the battery is out and totally unusable because it will NOT activate or whatever you call it . When I put the battery in , you see the info on screen , but ca n't access a line or anything , so I gave up on that handset . Another issue I 've had and totally have no idea why , is that one of my phones gives HORRIBLE feedback noise when I use it . Like if you have a microphone and you get too close to the speaker and it sets off that high pitch squeal . At the same time , everything I say echos really bad . I ca n't use that handset now either -LRB- 2 down on 4 cordless handsets . -RRB- I have filters on all my lines because I have a DSL in the house , but why would only one handset act that way?I also agree the phone is too complicated to use for the every day person -LRB- and I used to install phones . -RRB- I finally had to go to Uniden 's site and print out their entire manual , because when I need to do something , I ca n't figure out where to go under the menu key to do it.Overall , I 'm disappointed the the Uniden TRU9496 . I wish I would have purchased a different kind , but now I 'm stuck unless I shell out more money .
 I have two of these from other companies . This is a piece of crap.The construction is chinzy , THe hardware does not go with the base and they did n't send enough screws . There were only tabs for 10 pages not 20 . The little gray rubber things prevented the files from sitting properly.what a piece of crap . oh and the instructions were outdated and for a different style.almost 100 dollars for this - it 's a throw away .
 I had the older version of Casio from 10 years ago . The solar panel decided to die out on me , so I 'm forced to upgrade to a new one . I was glad this one was under 15 bucks but when I got to use the calculator , it was very difficult for me to see the entry screen -LRB- pixel or whatever it is called -RRB- . The background tint is dark green and the color of the character is almost similar to the background , making it impossible to see the numbers ! So disappointing . It 's going back and start to look for gray pixel background color .
 The default answer on this calculator is a fraction instead of a decimal . The user manual is printed in the smallest typeface I have seen used commercially . The website does not have a manual to download . I am going back to Texas instruments . What a mistake to buy a Casio . Unfortunately one star is the lowest available choice - I would have chosen a negative number .
 DO NOT buy this product , the picture and description is simply misleading , period . For almost $ 60 , all we got was 5 pieces of plastic and nothing else , when the web said this would be a starter set and the picture included the base for the folders . Customer service from this company the proceeded to blame Amazon for putting up the incorrect picture and description and I had to pay the shipping charges on top of that to return it . AND I still do not have a credit for the pruchase back on my credit card . What gives guys ?????
 The printer works fine but do n't plan on using it with any other networked printers ! I performed this experiment TWICE and got the same result
 I was dissappointed when my son told me he was n't using the dragon key cahin due to the metal `` clip '' area being weak .
 I share the view of the prior poster . I bought this program and assumed it would integrate with a database . It does not at all . You need to buy the professional version . Seems like a scam that it does not connect to a datasource . I ended up paying another 237 bucks to get the professional version , after paying 125 for the base product .
 I would give this 1/4 star if I could . This basic version of the software would n't print muti-quanity lables as a prompt . Called support to see and they told me it used to be a basic option but was removed due to the way the new version was programmed . They refused to help me out and wanted me to spend extra money for a pro version when i only need it to print one label .
 I bought this folder to avoid having two thinner folders in order to hold all of my boss 's emergency cards . This folder would have been great if it had a tab at the top as well as the bottom to keep the tension from top to bottom . The problem with not having a tab at the top is there is no tension to keep the binder ring from opening . Hence the papers slip through the top ring as you are flipping through pages and it 's just one big hassle to deal with when you 're trying to keep things organized and you end up with a different kind of mess .
 Originally I thought this was a phone that would let me use VoIP technology to make free phone calls to anywhere in the world . Wrong ! As the italic fineprint on Amazon points out , you must subscribe to a VoIP service plan -LRB- e.g. , Vonage -RRB- . These plans are usually quite expensive , and have restrictions as well . Plus the phone itself is so expensive . If you are looking for a free VoIP solution , this is absolutely NOT it.For now , I guess you should stick to a PC VoIP program like Skype or MSN Messenger .
 The caps Grip tight , which pull off the point ends , which haveto be stuck back into the pens , which annoys the hell out of me.The pen writes fine - and if you do n't mind re-assemblingone every time you are about to write , highly recommended !
 While the actual ink part is great , if you put the cap on and then take it off , the cap does n't let go and the pen pulls apart . Its really a pain .
 Not happy with this product at all . After six months the phones stopped working . No dial tone . Contacted Panasonic and trouble shooted the matter . Nothing works . They suggested I send it to them at my cost and they will send a reman . What does that tell you ? Reman ? I paid for a new phone system to work and I would expect nothing else but to receive a new one in replacement . Of course they do n't make this particular model anymore.Going back to the Uniden phones and back to phones with jacks . I thought it would be great to have a handset available in other areas of the house without installing phone jacks . Making it easy to access a phone . The problem with plug-ins is that if the main unit does n't work , you are out of a phone no matter how many handsets you have . So here I sit with 4 handsets that do n't work . Thank goodness I kept a few old phones for spares .
 Picked this up to reduce interference on my home wireless network . I 've always had exceptional performance from all of my Panasonic consumer electronics purchases . Phone works well , reception good , features broad and well thought out . However ! two of the four handsets failed in the first 60 days of use , and I 'm having a more difficult time getting them replaced or repaird that I would have thought .
 Ordered this way back in February and still have not received . Getting ready to cancel and find another product that will suit my needs .
 Twice , i got burned by panasonic phones . They seem so good , but then you realize the drawbacks after you buy it . Never again . overpriced . junk .
 I have been using this phone system for a few months now . At first it seemed great . The reception was good even out at my mailbox 60 feet from the house . And it was nice to be able to check messages from any handset . The caller ID and other basic features seem to be fine . But from the beginning , one of my handsets has not worked well -- very staticky . This handset is being used 15 feet from the base unit . And the static problem has recently spread to other handsets . This might be related to interference from a other electronic equipment , but I have yet to figure out where the interference is coming from . It does not seem to be my 2.4 GHz router because the problem persists when the router is unplugged . Would a 2.4 GHz router interfere with a 5.8 GHz phone ? Maybe it has something to do with my DSL ? I am using the required DSL filter on the phone line . But the worst part is that with increasing frequency the phone system dies for no apparent reason . You have to unplug it , wait a moment , then plug it back in . And keep doing this until it starts to work . This is the second Panasonic phone system that has died like this . The systems were completely different , but shared this one rather unforgiveable failure . A Panasonic representative told me that my earlier system -LRB- a different model -RRB- was dying because the handset was being overcharged and to prevent this , I should be careful how long I left the handset on the base unit ! Why did I buy another Panasonic system ? I have a few other complaints about the KX-TG5634M
 One of the phones fell 2 feet to the floor and has n't worked since . Why do they make phones so sensitive . Everone has droped their phone from one time to another ... . Dissatisfied !
 I cleaned my desk before I put the mouse pad on it so I would have a nice dust free surface to start with . It was sliding a bit right away but seemed to stick a bit after using it for a while . I 've had it for about a week and it no longer sticks to the desk at all , just slides all over the place . I kinda want to give it more stars just for looking nice and I liked it for the brief period where it was working well . What it comes down to is it does n't do the one thing well that it 's supposed to , it does n't provide a good surface for the mouse to slide on.UPDATE
 When I first got it , I like it . I moved it ONCE and it no longer stuck to the table , slid around with the mouse and became completely useless . Do n't waste your money on this thing . Is a glorified , laminated piece of plastic crap .
 This mousepad is fine and the surface works well for tracking my laser mouse . However , after four months of use , the bottom is no longer sticking realiably to my wood desk -- meaning that often when I move the mouse , the pad slides with it , and the pointer goes nowhere . This is very frustrating and the reason it 's now in the trash .
 It 's supposed to have a patented sticky backing , but I find it does not stay in place as advertised .
 Add my voice to the growing list of complaints about it sliding all around on the desk . Says you can wash it off and it will stick again , but that 's not true . It 's thin , but so what ? If it slides around , it 's useless .
 A mouse pad should do two things
 This mouse pad will lose its value quickly as it becomes slippery on the desk . It appears that the magic in making this pad thin relies on a coating on the backing which is adhesive-like . Unfortunately , this adhesive was not well engineered and will become slippery with contact to minor amounts of dust particles . The result is that the mouse and pad move together ... and let 's not forget about the two cursors
 First , the things I like about this pad is that it has a very thin surface and is very easy to clean . However , as others have reported , my mouse cursor often jumps . I though I needed a new mouse and bought a new one . I still have the problem . It seems to jump only if the grid is not parallel to the desk . If the grid is at an angle , the mouse jumps . Unfortunately the sticky back is not very tacky which causes the pad to move an rotate very easily .
 It might work on some surfaces but it will not stick to my glass desk . It slides badly .
 I bought this and put up with it for a few weeks before buying a replacement . Move the mouse , and watch the mousepad move in concert . Very annoying -- apparently the static friction between the pad and the mouse and between the pad and the desktop is similar , making mousing very difficult and inefficient . In short , it 's a useless piece of junk .
 I own another , larger WowPad with which I have been quite happy . Needing a new mousepad for work , I decided upon the slightly smaller version being sold here . To me , the phrase `` 8.5 inch diameter '' along with the item picture implied this was a circular mousepad . It was not . The product I received was rectangular and roughly the size of a traditional mousepad . Also , I assumed the tracking surface would have a pattern similar to the photo . Instead , I received a mousepad with an image of Van Gogh 's Starry Night - not exactly the image I was hoping to convey next to my multi-monitor setup.Operationally , this product works fine with my Razor DeathAdder mouse , but I was disappointed that the item 's shape and surface image were far from how the product was described .
 Never received product . According to tracking it showed received , but my front dest never took possession of this delivery .
 Biggest waste of money . Phone is currently out of service after less than one year . Battery trouble , dropped calls and poor reception are the leading problems . With many years of great service from previous Panasonic phones , this one was a great disappointment !
 I ordered this phone based on the positive reviews it recieved , but the sound quality is truly terrible . It sounds like I am in a cave - everything has an echo and everything is very indistinct . The problem may be that I have a wireless router , but this phone had even worse sound quality than my previous phone which was only 2.4 GHz . Since this one is a 5.8 GHz , it should have been an improvement . Anyway , I returned this phone and bought the uniden DECT 6.0 phone , which has much MUCH better sound quality .
 These are great phones , but I was stunned when I realized that they do not have belt clips on the handset . The phone has to recharged after every one hour of talktime for 5 hours to get one more hour . They have headset jacks , so Panisonic is well aware that people will be using headsets with the phones , but they did n't consider what you do with the handset when you are walking around with your headset on . It 's really a pain , because the purpose of a headset is to talk hands-free and having to carry the phone in one hand really defeats that purpose . This small issue is enough to make me avoid using this phone in favour of my other set . It 's concerning that Panasonic would cheap out on something this small .
 This phone has no interference with wireless internet . But besides that I think it stinks . Even if you do n't have a message there is a bright light on the handset even when it is on the hook . That sucks to try to sleep with . The Caller ID is the worst design I could think of . You ca n't look at it when you are making a call like if you have to look up a number half way through dialing . No dice . Not bad to just talk on but as far as extra features it 's terrible .
 I purchased this phone basing it on the good reviews . . BUT I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED with the signal . . I live in a 1500 sq ft apartment , the base is located in my living room , and I ca n't get any signal in my bathroom 30 ft away . . my VTEC 2.4 GHZ is a whole lot better . . DO NOT BUY PANASONIC PHONES ...
 This phone has good reception and the design is fine . But the Caller ID does not display incoming phone numbers which is very annoying ! What is the point of having Caller ID if all it says is `` Incoming Call '' ? Yeah , no kidding .
 I like the compactness of the phone ; it is clear on both ends of the conversation . However , I was under the impression it had a speaker phone on the base -LRB- not just the handsets -RRB- , so I 'm a little disappointed in that . It would also have been nice to be able to see the screen or a blinking light which would tell you if you have messages waiting .
 Even with freshly charged batteries , all of the handsets drop my calls without warning after about 30 minutes of conversation . Sometimes , the person I am talking to will tell me I am `` breaking up '' shortly before the call gets dropped . This problem occurs regularly , regarless of whether I am sitting immediately next to the base or not . I have been unable to resolve this problem on the phone with Panasonic service , so now I have to send them all in for repair . A major bummer !
 Overall , the sound quality is good , so I have no complaints about that . There are two things about this phone that drive me absolutely nuts . First is the phonebook feature . It is a bit of a hassle to enter numbers and names into the phone book of the phone . Once the names & numbers are in one phone , I have not found a way to get them to automatically sync with the other phone . So , it is a bit of a game of `` find the phone that has the phonebook '' when I want to dial using the phonebook feature . Second is that the product did n't come with a belt clip . I purchased two headsets so that I could go hands-free and do chores around the house while on the phone . Without a belt clip , I may as well forget using headsets -LRB- separate purchase -RRB- .
 I purchased these phones to replace my old V-tech phones . I 've trusted the name Panasonic for quality . These phones are not up to the Panasonic standard I grew up with.The sound quality is not as good as it should be , voices sound `` tinny '' . The battery does n't hold a charge . After a 5 minute conversation , it has to recharge . The phone feels shabby , no weight to it.I should 've stuck with V-tech . Live and learn .
 These are nice phones with good features and are easy to set up and use . They are , however , sadly lacking in battery performance . When fully charged , one can nearly deplete the battery after a 45 minute phone call.If you talk a often on your home phone , do n't buy this phone.If these phones held a charge as well as the older Panasonic phones , I would have given them 5 stars .
 I bought this phone set to replace the Uniden 2-line/2 phone set I had used for the previous 3 years . The base phone on the Uniden just stopped working one day , so it was time to buy another set . With respect to Uniden , 3 years for a $ 75 phone set really is n't all that bad , and in retrospect , I should have stayed with that brand which I knew and trusted . But no , I had to experiment , and got the Panasonic garbage phone instead ... much to my regret.First off , out of the box , the phone just felt flimsy ... too light and `` plasticy '' for my taste . I liked the feel of the Uniden better . Dialing numbers from the phonebook took a bit longer than I liked -LRB- we 're back to talking about the Panasonic -RRB- , and the sound quality was ok ... not bad , not great , but certainly good enough to converse on.I had the phone less than one month , and it just up and died ... sorta . I kept getting a message that handset was too far from base , so I could never get a dialtone , or receive a call on the phone . Handset was moved to within inches of base ... still no tone . I tried using it on 2 different jacks in my home ... same problem . So for all intents and purposes , I have a dead phone.Sent it back to Amazon yesterday , and ordered what I should have bought in the first place ... a new Uniden 2 phone system . I 'm waiting to see how much Amazon credits my account for , but they are really good about this sort of thing , so I expect a full or very close to full refund.Bottom line on this
 This phone was a huge disappointment . I used it for one week and returned it to Amazon . Its overall functionality was acceptable . However , the keys are n't arranged intuitively , the key pad is n't lit -LRB- come on ... that 's crazy -RRB- , and the headphone jack was shorted out on both handsets . When I put my headset in , I heard tons of static when the cord would move a little bit.This is a pretty pricey phone , too , especially as compared to Uniden models that are much better .
 This phone does NOT have speed dial . You MUST scroll through its address book to select an entry . Who was the moron who made that design decision ? It 's like buying a modern car and finding out it does n't come with anti-lock brakes or cruise control . -LRB- And , yes , I called the company just to make sure I had n't missed speed dial in the manual . -RRB-
 My last Panasonic cordless gave me 5 years of excellent service . I recently purchased this 3-handset unit . However , while I am pleased with their functionality and sound , I found that one of the units functions intermittantly . It will connect a call when picked up , but 50 % of the time the microphone and ear-speaker wo n't work . I 've already disgarded the box , so I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 I bought this for our office in the Medium Oak color -LRB- and the color was deceiving ... it looked like cardboard color , not oak -RRB- . The product is not as sturdy as it says it is . It 's very challenging to assemble , similar to IKEA but with less quality control measures . Two of the screws barely lined up the two pieces being screwed together . Corrugated fiberboard is their name of cardboard because that 's what the entire interior is ... cardboard . So that is deceptive . The front slats are fine , but the labels do n't fit any standard label template , so they need to be hand-written . This was a major disappointment !
 The side panels were shipped bent and the screws will not screw in . I called the 800 number and they told me to contact the company Ed San Closeouts , from whom I ordered from . I emailed them to tell them that the side panels were bent and they said they would ship two new panels to me . This was two months ago and I am still waiting . I have the frame put together and it is in my classroom , not being put to use . I am very frustrated since I work in an inner-city school with poor-quality classroom items such as tables and chairs .
 They should have let you know in the description that the dividers were only ugly brown pieces of corrugated cardboardwhich even if by some miracle had been strong enough to hold 550 pieces of paper as claimed , they are way toomuch of an eyesore for me to want to use in my office . First as I was trying to decipher the very poor images on the instructions , I thought the multiple pieces of slit cardboard in the box were just packaging . Then with great disappointment , I realized thatthey were not part of the packaging , they were meant to be the `` shelves '' and dividers for the unit . Why would they make the outer frameof steel , and make all the shelves just this cheap brown corrugated cardboard , thinner than the box it was shipped in!wouldn ' t have this in my office even if it were free . Thank goodness I bought it from Amazon , so Ican send it right back with no hassle !
 This was the worst piece of mis-represented junk I have ever bought . Save your money . Sheet metal and cardboard . Sharp edges and absolutely no quality control . Ours was filthy dirty . Difficult to assemble . I would give it negative stars if it were an option
 This filing/literature organizer was a joke . We purchased it to sort business collateral for our busy business and within a week of having the organizer , it came tumbling down !!!! Papers went everywhere.Not only did it fall apart within a week but the shelving is made out of cardboard ! When purchasing this item it makes no mention that you will have to put the shelving together with the BOX IT WAS DELIVERED IN!States when you purchase `` Material
 I would n't bother with this one - Yellow Submarine is a McCartney song , which makes the item useless to any Beatles fan .
 We had to return the phones because the expandable phones had terrible reception . They would crackle and breakup when walking . We had to remain stationary for them to work .
 Annoying audible hiss on all handsets . Handsets frequently lose communications to base and the only thing that fixes them is to momentarily disconnect and reconnect the power to the base station . I will never purchase cordless phones online again . Too many cordless phones are of poor quality or design . If you have to return one online , it 's a hassle and the shipping costs eat up any cost or tax savings as compared to a local purchase .
 Love the talking CallerID , the multiple charging stations and the quality loud speaker phone . But sometimes the whole system wigs out and no phone calls can come in . Once you finally figure out that this happening -LRB- from relatives texting you why they ca n't get through -RRB- you have to pull the power cord and plug it back in to get it working again .
 Love the 5.8 ghz panasonic phones but you cant find those anymore and the 6.0 are garbage , so much hssssssssssssssssss sound in those . So I decided to buy a used one . I paid almost $ 12.00 on shipping and the product was 35.99 I believe . It came to me dirty -LRB- filled with crumbs and dust -RRB- , prior owners address book and numbers in the caller ID . One phone has no display.I contacted the seller who said he will take it back and gave me a authorization number . But the website says regardless of reason of return I dont get shipping and handling money plus I am responsible for back shipping . So I decided to throw this in garbage and take my losses before someone else is trapped to buy this junk and be in the same situation as me .
 Wading through thousands of mechanical pencils , many similar , looking for the `` right one '' can be difficult . Amazon provides an excellent search/browse interface , making this impossible task a merely daunting one.All this good design falls completely apart when fountain pens -LRB- dozens and dozens of them from the same vendor -RRB- pollute the mechanical pencil list .
 After my `` ROYAL alpha583cx Heavy Duty Cash Register '' died we purchased this sharp XEA203 . Well ... it 's been about a week and it 's been really frustrating . My fiance is a computer programmer and he helped me program both registers . He thought the Sharp was easier to program than the Royal , but I believe the exact opposite . The Royal was much easier to understand , in my opinion!The Z reports do n't make sense to me . Net sales , gross sales and department total sales do n't add up . There are 3 different kinds of voids and I ca n't figure out if it 's adding all the voids together or repeating the types of voids . With the Royal , at the end of the day you have one option ... to run a Z report and zero it out for the day . The Sharp has several options for zeroing out the register . Monthly , daily etc etc. . And it does n't spit out a report that is similar to the one the Royal did so I have to change the way I do my bookkeeping a bit . The number one frustrating thing about the Sharp ... if you ring something up for say , $ 10.00 and take off 20 % because the item is on sale or the customer presents a coupon -LRB- NOT a manufacturer 's coupon -RRB- , the register should tax the $ 8.00 , right ? Well , the Sharp is calculating the tax for the $ 10.00 and adding it to the final total , even after the $ 2.00 is deducted . I have yet to find a way to easily correct this , I 've had to resort to manually entering the sale price from square one , which is time consuming and the customer asks `` Did I get a discount on this item ? '' since the discount is not reflected on their receipt . Also , this register saves each transaction in memory . You can not keep a paper copy of your transactions AND give a receipt to your customer . It 's one or the other.So , bottom line , in my opinion , if you are used to using Royal , stay with Royal and when it comes to cash registers , the simpler the better ! Also , my Royal had an extra drawer for extra rolls of coins and keys , this one does not.On the plus side , this register is very quiet and holds a charge of 48 hours on 2 AA batteries , something the Royal could not do . It also has a slot for an SD card to save up to a year of data but up until today , all the reports are wrong so that does n't really help . It also comes with a USB cord to plug the register into your PC and get your logo onto your receipts and it 's supposed to aid in the programming of the register . I have n't touched that yet so I ca n't comment on it .
 This register sucks ! The tape do n't roll it self it jamms all the time . A total waste of money . To some it up in one word junk !
 I got this chair to be my office chair at work . I 'm not particularly large and do n't do anything unusual with it , but the staples holding the mesh to the back frame have started coming out after 5 months of regular use . It 's a comfortable chair , but this lack of durability is unacceptable . And it 's not even my personal money I spent on it .
 The hardwired 7 ' cord is silly for a wall phone . I was intending to put a 25-50 cord on this given that 's what it was intended to replace.The other issue is the ringer ... they attribute the `` meek dingk '' ring to having too many phones plugged in which decreases volume . Hmmmm ... the ORIGINAL BELL wall phone that was replaced did n't have any problem with decibels.While the looks and heft are nice , it does n't make up for the other deficiencies . Conclusion
 Very poor telephone . The microphone is too sensitive and not adjustable , which make everything way too loud . You have to hold the microphone at eye level to make the sound tolerable . I would return it but i did not save the box . Most phones costing half as much are better than this one .
 `` The item is not solid metal , it is plastic with chrome finishing . For it 's price I would expect a better quality item made in the USA and not in China . Ringer does n't sound as loud as a vintage phone would ring . Do n't buy it it is a waste of money . ''
 poor sound qualityno modular connection on hand setecho when you talkVERY poor ringer
 I bought this phone for my retro-basment . It worked about 6-9 months and then stopped . I replaced the cord with no avail . I paid $ 60 for it . It is a piece of junk ! However , it does look good .
 I bought the Crosley phone and the Crosley wall phone . They look good , and I like the ring , but they are cumbersome to use for phone calls , and the sound quality is terrible . These phones are good for nostalgia and looks , not for use .
 Loved the way this phone looks , but three of the dial numbers do n't work and the ring arrived broken as well ! Disappointed , because I loved the idea of having a vintage-looking phone in the house .
 The phone is terrible . It lasted one week and broke . I would tell anyone not to but it , go elsewhere .
 The phone has great vintage style but the sound quality is not there . When talking on the phone , there is a constant humming noise in the background . Irritating . Phone is being returned .
 I wanted a retro looking phone to put on top of our bar . The price is good , but with that saying , you also `` get what you pay for '' . It 's not a very heavy phone and mostly made of thin plastic . The look is good sitting on top of the bar , but the feel and weight says it 's cheap . I went ahead and kept the phone and started using it , but after only a few weeks the ringer has already stopped working . I would not recommend this item .
 I received this phone , it is cute and retro hoping to replace my WWTTON red retro phone but the sound quality in the Crosley is poor.There is a background buzz and when speaking on the phone the volume is too loud and this volume , unlike the ring volume , is not adjustable
 The phone has a very plastic feel to it and is much lighter than I expected after having read some of its other reviews . Made in China .
 I purchased one of these Crosley phones about 2 years ago . I used the phone as a backup and thus its use was occasional . The phone worked properly for several months until the day that I had trouble answering a call . The handset mechanism appeared to be stuck and as much as I flicked the button and jiggled the phone , I could not get the phone to connect properly . This turned out to be an intermittent problem for several months . However , eventually this problem developed into a permament issue to the point where I now plan on replacing the phone . I have lost far too many calls to risk having the phone around even as a backup . It is really too bad because the phone appears to be well made . I should also point out that while the phone is attractive and looks vintage from a distance , the body material is not Bakelite but a more modern material . Still , I wish my phone worked properly because genuine vintage phones are quite expensive .
 Once the wire from the handset to the body of the phone frays or cracks , the phone can only be used as a paperweight . The wire is not the detachable kind which can be replaced . It is flimsy and easy to pull apart , especially since the handset is heavy . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 When I first got this phone , I immediately had doubts about its quality . The handset did not sit level on the base , a condition I have never run into with any phone at any price.The phone did work , and the sound was good . However , 3 years down the line it suddenly went `` click '' during a call and loud static in the background moved in.I 'm recylcing the phone as it ca n't be used.Also , you ca n't remove the housing without cracking it or worse . It is very repair unfriendly . I would have liked to check if a wire had gotten loose , but it became pointless to do this because the phone 's retro beauty would have been damaged in the process.The problem was the phone itself and not its wall connection.So I 'm giving it 2 stars . A land phone that 's not mistreated should last for years and years . This one is rather pricey and it did n't come close .
 I 'm disappointed with this label printer , but I do n't use it very much . Loading labels should be very easy according to the instructions , but in practice , it is n't easy to get them properly lined up and in the position to print properly . The printer also is wasteful of the labels , sending several blank labels out before printing the first one . If I had it to do over , I would skip buying this printer and print my labels on my laser printer .
 I 'm not going to go into the gruesome details but I 'm telling you DO NOT BUY THIS.There are better labelers out there . It does n't work with Office 2007 either .
 I 've been in IT for almost 20 years and I have had the extreme misfortune to run across this god awful abomination about a half-dozen times . It is quite simply a steaming pile of plastic refuse.It does not work.The support people you can get a hold of may be pleasant but they have no clue what they are talking about and do n't even attempt to cover for the fact they are simply reading from a poorly developed script . `` What OS are you using ? '' `` Ummm , it 's not even hooked to the computer right now . I 'm just trying to get it to recognize the labels . '' `` OK , thank you for that piece of information . Have you tried removing and re-installing the printer drivers ? '' `` Dude , this is not a software issue , this is a hardware issue . The driver has nothing to do with it . '' `` Yes , thank you . Have you tried using it on a different computer ? '' `` GAAAAAA !!! That does n't matter ! This is a hardware issue !!! Kill me now !!! '' `` Yes , thank you . '' -LRB- Mission accomplished . -RRB- You get the very distinct impression they have simply been told to go though the motions and get you off the phone ASAP.If you do n't believe me just Google `` Avery Personal Label Printer flashing amber light '' and read . To that degree just do a general search on the product and I defy you to find any positive reviews . -LRB- There is one out there that I 've run across but it does n't seem that the ` reviewer ' actually used the product , just read the promotional material . -RRB- Further , the product is discontinued from Avery as of a few months ago.If I spare just one person out there the agony of the hell that is the Avery Personal Label Printer I will leave this mortal world a satisfied man.I hope the Avery Personal Label Printer dies a fiery death . To hell with you Avery Personal Label Printer .
 I purchased this Avery personal label printer to use at work . It 's been nothing but a headache . The problem with it is it uses special labels , the machine is supposed to read the bar code on the back of the label . After a while , the machine does n't read it AT ALL . No matter how many times you try to feed it in , it does n't work , the light remains a flashing amber color which means not reading label . I am throwing this one out !
 This cabinet came in two flat boxes of sawdust , broken pieces of wood , cut particleboard and cardboard . The poorest quality cabinet I have ever seen and I have been to Wal-Mart once or twice . This is supposed to be a DVD `` safe '' safe ? The cabinet was pressed sawdust with a cardboard backing nailed on . No where in the description does Spinkeeper tell you what materials are used to fabricate this cabinet . This cabinet is incredibly overpriced for pressed sawdust and cardboard along with a handful of nails and screws . Save your money and buy a real wood or metal cabinet . My unit is on its way back .
 Worthless crap that constantly jams . I bought this because I thought Swingline made quality staplers . Boy was I mistaken . This does n't work any better than the wothless $ 2 OfficeMax brand stapler . Save your money and buy something of higher quality .
 I found a number of reviews online that said this machine was okay except for voice quality , so when I saw the box that touted excellent voice quality , I figured that the product had been improved in that regard . Not true . My recording sounds poor . Also , althought there are seven buttoms on the machine , their use is n't clear . I found it confusing to setup , you have to cycle through all the setup options and push three buttons to change each . I 'll be returning this .
 These are made of very thin and cheap paper that rips easily when being handled . Even with a tiny jewelry box inside . I thought they would be like ones I 've ordered previously , but definitely not . I 'm stuck with them unfortunately , so buyer beware !
 This item is a complete waste of money . FELL RIGHT OFF THE WALLafter hanging a few small pieces of paper on it . sticky adhesive isof very poor quality . would love to send it back and NOT pay shipping .
 The cork strip is very thin and backed by metal , so when you put a push pin in - even the ones supplied with the strip - they only go in half way and can not support the weight of papers . Very poor design - the cork strip should be thick enough for a pin to be fully pushed in . I had no problem with the adhesive strips holding the board to the wall - in fact I ca n't get all the adhesive off the wall from taking it down to return . Surprising because full size Quartet cork boards and white boards are well made and deep enough for even extra long pins . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 I needed something just like this to create bulletin board space without hanging a full size board . I was thrilled after searching Amazon to see that someone actually made these . However , after receiving them I a fairly disappointed.These cork strips came with everything needed to mount them to the wall -- and that part worked great . The problem is with the thickness of the cork -- which is too thin to hold tacked items . My standard thumbtacks are only able to penetrate about halfway before hitting the aluminum rail . This is bad in two ways
 The product came with a smashed corner on the box but there did n't appear to be any damage so I accepted the product . Inside the box , along with the tape dispenser was -- sand ! I thought the pkg was compromised but once I set the dispenser up I realized the sand was from inside the dispenser itself . I have been unable to seal it sufficiently to stop the constant seepage of sand all over my black glass computer desk . It 's not worth the hassel to return it but I can tell you `` I ai n't happy '' .
 This trimmer is good for LIGHT loads . If you think you are going to use it to trip more than 5 sheets of paper , you are sadly mistaken . I tested the trimming capacity and if you use it to cut even 6 sheets of printer paper the rolling blade goes off its track and slashes up the flimsy , plastic track . I do not recommend this product at all and if you are going to use it for anything other than LIGHT trimming I 'd try another product .
 Do not buy this of you expect a quality piece of equipment ; if you are okay with `` good enough '' and you do n't plan on making many cuts then this might work for you . Let me elaborate.The good
 I bought two of these units and really like them . One was for me and my Lotus Notes , and the other for my wife who uses Outlook.The problem , and the only reason for my one-star rating is that the third-party software that you need to use for syncing Notes makes Notes unstable and creates crashes . The software company actually acknowledges that they `` had '' a problem . After several attempts at fixing the problem with their technical support , including a full reload of Notes I gave up and ordered a Visor.We are keeping the one for my wife . We give it 5 stars when used with Outlook .
 I was very disappointed in this product , and returned it . Thekeyboard you had to poke at , was very cumbersome . Also , the organizerwas poorly laid out . It was almost unusable . I had to remove the software to sync-up my pager . The Palm III was only $ 30 more , and does tons more .
 If I could give the Casio PV-400 Plus a 0-star review , I would . But unfortunately I ca n't . I bought this so-called `` Pocket Veiwer '' , which is actually just a cheap and very constipatedly restricting and unupgradable knock-off of the far better Palm OS , with -LSB- $ -RSB- that had taken me a year to save . I was so stupid then . I should have waited a little longer and saved money for the Palm M100 , but no , I had to have a pda asap , so I regretfully bought the Casio PV-400 plus , which I might add is n't even a real PDA . I do not have the will to point-out all the bad stuff about this product , but I will name a few of the big ones . Firstly , it is not in the least bit expandable . You can not touch the OS . It is what it is , and you can not change it . You can not add programs , and the few functions it comes with are extremely unsufficient . It lacks the ability to process data , therefore you can not view documents or code across platforms like you can with Palms and some softwere . Secondly , there is no handwriting recognition . Typing on the keyboard function on the screen using a stylus is extremely frustrating . Additionally , the on-screen keyboard reacts very slowly , so if you are taking notes very quickly during a class or event , you will end up with a bunch of missing letters in your words due to the fact that the keyboard wo n't pick-up all of the taps when you are typing quickly . Thirdly , the paint on the PV-400 plus gets rubbed-off by it 's own flipcover only 2 days after I bought it . Cosmetically , it dies within a week . Finally , the absolute most rediculous limitation of the PV-400 plus is the fact that it is completely and udderly unexpandable in any way whatsoever . Anything you think a PDA should be able to do , it does n't , or at least does n't do well . Do n't waste your money like I did . Now I 'm stuck with a peice of junk . Bottom line is , spend -LSB- $ -RSB- more dollars for the Palm M100 . It is only about -LSB- ... -RSB- times the price , but is 10 times the capability .
 I bought this copy stand to replace an older plastic one that was broken . I 'm sending this one back and applying duct tape to my old one to keep it going . As others have said , the clear plastic guide bar is completely useless . Yes , the stand holds 150 sheets , but you can only place one sheet of paper behind the bar ! The bar does slide up & down , but you must push it so hard you think it 's going to break . Not sure why the manufacture even bothered to put it on this stand.Do not waste your money on this product .
 This typist stand is cheaply made , and it 's plastic ! For $ 20 I expected it to be metal . I wanted a metal stand , so I can actually use it to draw on/take notes . This is too flimsy ! It says that there 's a 150 sheet capacity , but I find that it 's only good for 10 sheets + at a time . When I use it with a book on there , it 's really not built to be a book stand . I originally got this so I could use it to draw and trace with a book behind it . This is n't it ! I 'm sending it back .
 The reading bar is very hard to move up and down , which as far as I 'm concerned , makes the product worthless . I tried WD40 , but it 's just poorly designed . And now I ca n't return it.Corporate garbage .
 This is perhaps the most inappropriately named product ever . Maybe `` Marks-a-Little '' would be better . We have tons of these markers at my office . They work maybe half the time . They dry out quickly . Many come fresh out of the box barely working at all . Save yourself time and money and buy something else , like Expo markers .
 This journal book looked like a neat idea , but it 's in reality totally worthless . The pen does n't write -- oh , it writes for about one word , if you 're lucky , and then stops ; wait a few hours , and it may decide to go for another word and a half -- totally frustrating . The paper of the journal is black , so if the special pen that 's included does n't work , you might as well just throw the book into the garbage . Which is where mine ended up , after spending a couple days trying to get the pen to write on the first page .
 This was a total waste of money . Usually Im very satisfied with the products I purchase but this was the exception . The pages stick together and dont have lines . Besides that it 's much too small , the picture looks way bigger than the actual size . The part where it says Journal is on a pink stick on paper -LRB- its not even silver -RRB- and the cover wont close properly , when you close it , it stays only half way closed . I wouldnt even buy it for a pre teen , much less would I but give this to a teenager -LRB- as it was my intention -RRB- Needless to say , this is over priced . It should n't cost more than -LSB- $ $ $ -RCB- , it 's very tacky . Looked better on picture than in reality . One more thing
 I decided to try out calligraphy as a complete beginner and this was the first set I bought . I liked the large variety of colors and multiple nibs of different sizes . However , as I tried it out for the first time , I realized that the pen seemed to dispense too much ink , causing the ink to run on the paper . Although the letters were still readable , the thick lines were indistinguishable from the thin . The effect was about the same as if the letters were written with any kind of marker or pen . I 've experimented with different kinds of paper to no avail . On top of this , one of the pens started to leak after being used only a few times . The instruction book the kit comes with is not worth being discussed . I 'll just say that you will need to buy another book that shows how to write the letters .
 I was given this set as a gift ; otherwise I would have read its reviews first and would not have purchased it . The pens never worked with any of the different nibs . At first , no ink would come out , then small , thin streaks would come out , and after continuing to press to get the ink flowing , way too much ink would gush out running all over the pen , paper , my hands , etc. . I tried using all 5 nibs several times with different ink tubes and had the same result every time . In addition , out of all the ink tubes I tried , 4 of these were dry even before being used . Needless to say , it ended up being a very frustrating experience and a complete waste of money .
 the deal looks great and they do seem nice . the caps cracked and the nibs broke . serious quality control . out of 3 sets all had problemsto bad , looks nice
 I received this product and I was so excited until I opened the tin box . About half of the ink cartridges has leaked all over . The seller does n't offer shipping out another so I had to just send back for a refund -LRB- which I have n't gotten yet - but I 'm sure I will -RRB- . I did n't dare order another for fear it would happen again . Like I said , I was excited to get the product and disappointed when I did . I ordered a calligraphy pad and instruction book also -LRB- different sellers -RRB- and now I do n't even have pens to use them with . I will definitely do more research before I order another calligraphy set . Granted , this may be a fluke so check the other reviews to see if this happened to others . Good luck
 This set is terrible ! I was enthusiastically beginning calligraphy , and became quickly frustrated and discouraged , as these pens do not work !! The ink will not flow , and no writing can be accomplished . I waited half an hour for the flow of ink to begin , to no avail ! I tried all of the nibs , with the same result . Not a good start . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The directions that came with the product were not clear for a beginner as they did not tell what some of the items included were for or how to use . The tops of the pens were hard to put back on . In my opinion , the set I received anyway , was cheap .
 I bought a set and a Schaeffer set for my classroom . The students can use them when they have finished their work . Two nibs quickly broke , and none of the students have been able to use them and get positive results . The Scheaffer set is a few more dollars , but significantly better quality . If a beginner tries to start with these pens , the person is likely to quit and believe that using a calligraphy pen is too difficult . Now the students refuse to use these pens , and wait until one of the Schaeffer pens is available . Do n't waste your money as I did .
 I got the set as a gift and was excited to try it out . Unfortunately the extra broad nib was cracked and leaked all over . All but one of the nibs leaked ink unto the barrel staining my fingers . I liked the variety of colors , the pump , and the instruction manual though .
 It 's been a while since I 've done calligraphy and wanted some new pens . I decided on this set because it came with a lot and I 'm addressing wedding invitations . The Sheaffer pens that I bought are much better quality . The tip of the pen does n't make a nice thin line and I was very disappointed . I have n't tried the chunky tips yet , but the fine tips are junk . Do n't waste your money . If you are looking for a cheap set go with Sheaffer instead .
 Found this set online , saw the bad reviews but bought it regardless because I thought it was cheap so it could n't hurt.The pen set is terrible , the main pen will not write for more than one or two strokes at a time without vigourously shaking , and even this may not work every time -LRB- although it does succeed in expelling ink anywhere other than where you want it on the page . Tried using the second smallest pen instead and it was a little more consistent but the ink runs so much that it is pracitcally unusable . Looking at my attempt at the moment , the ink ran so that it was perhaps three times as thick as when I initially wrote it on the page thus merging all my lines together into one unreadable mess.In short , DO NOT BUY THIS PEN SET . It is n't worth the price no matter how much they reduce it.PS , In response to one of the few 5 star reviews on here , I am also a beginner an I think it is terrible .
 the staedtler comes in a nice metal box and thats why its has one star . the pens simply do not flow ink.this gift was for christmas and they have worked every angle to get flowing ink.the directions are easy to follow but simply the pens fail for words.thomas jefferson would have written no discerned paper
 In short , this is not a good calligraphy set . The pens are cheap plastic , and the nibs are extremely runny , so as soon as you touch the pen to paper you 'll get a pool of ink where you wanted precise calligraphy.Don ' t buy this set .
 Originally when I purchased 2 sets of calligraphy pens , one arrived in perfect condition , the other had exploded in an inky tsunami somewhere along the line . I posted my comments on Amazon , and the next day , -LSB- ... -RSB- , refunded me my money for the broken ink set and also gave me a 25 dollar coupon to use -LRB- which is super cool -RRB- . However , in addition to these great things , they asked politely that I remove my scathing comments from Amazon.com.So , I go to use the coupon and after a couple days , they cancel my order and give me nothing . These people suck and will rip you off .
 I enjoy using calligraphy pens for day to day tasks and use them as the sole writing instrument for my work , so I 've grown accustomed to writing with good and bad calligraphy pens . The Staedtler 's are very much the latter . Out of the three in the set sold here , only one wrote with any stable fluidity . One of the two remaining came with a nib which was n't flexible enough to let ink out , and the other came with a faulty ink drain , which caused ink to come out all over my hands . I had another Staedtler a year or two ago which had the same nib problem , which means that Staedtler just is n't fixing the problem .
 The nibs are of very poor quality . Only one nib is satisfactory . I struggle to get the ink to come through the scratchy nibs . I give this kit two stars only because of its variety of ink-color selections . Staedtler has a good reputation , and am surprised that this kit is unsatisfactory . Maybe I received a `` lemon . ''
 Please , if you are trying to get into calligraphy , DO NOT purchase this product . I got it because carrying around a dip pen and ink well just is n't possible all the time -LRB- especially if I 'm just practicing in between classes in the library -RRB- . I knew the ink was crap , but it was just for practice , nothing fancy or permanent.When I first plugged in the ink cartridge , it worked fine after the ink started to flow . No dripping , a little scratchy , but it worked . I placed my pen down , went to go grab a drink , and returned to find that , in that short span of time , the ink had dried up in the nib , preventing flow ! It literally took less than five minutes for this pen to break under exposure to air . If you know calligraphy , you know that yes , you will wander off to get water , or check a stroke . You can not have a pen that can not cease usage for such a short span of time.I know that the warranty promises to replace the pen if there is any fault found -LRB- and boy is this ever a huge one -RRB- , but it 's simply not worth it . I 'm going to track down a felt calligraphy marker instead , and use that for my practice from now on .
 Save your money and invest in a better quality product ! The pens are of cheap plastic dollar store material . The ink works when it wants to when it does work it leaks everywhere . The inks dry up quickly .
 Beginner or not , this is not a good set . It does come with all of the supplies a beginner set should have but the ink flow is erratic . I have tried several nibs . The ink flow is better with the larger nibs but this is not always convenient for writing , especially if you are trying to address envelopes or write letters , notes , etc. . Despite the larger nibs having better flow but the ink flow is still not smooth and you may have to go back to complete flourishes , etc. . I think there are better beginner pens like Shaeffer . I think even as a beginner having a good pen is important if you are practicing your writing , trying to learn different styles , and mastering flourishes , etc. . Poor ink flow and harsh nibs will be frustrating even to a beginner . If you are just using this for non-calligraphy purposes and just regular handwriting/cursive , it might be okay .
 I purchased this product after several weeks into the semester , where I am currently in a foundational calligraphy course . After using a regular dip and write nib and then using a cheap fountain with only one nib , I decided to try this set out . At this point I am fairly comfortable with black lettering , Romans , Roman miniscule , and working on italics . Therein lies the problem with this set , it claims to have 5 different nibs -LRB- Xtra fine through Xtra broad -RRB- but not one of the nibs included can make a fine serif . It is awful ! I am sticking with my cheap little fountain that can make nich thick and thins , rather than use these pens that m&aacute;ke the letter look as though I was writing with a felt tip pen ... Disappointed
 This is the worse product called a calligraphy pen I 've ever tried to use . It 's terrible the ink does n't come out except inside the pen and try to remove the cartridge be sure to wear a plastic sheet or raincoat . Drop the pen and the plastic cracks awful awful does n't even rate . It rates my fury tried to use it all week nothing and the cartridge 's are new .
 The set looks pretty , but the ink has been all dried up . Who needs a set to just look at . I really wasted my money buying these pens unless I can find something to do with the pretty empty cases . I guess I will search for ink refill .
 I always look at this case and regret buying it ! Its terrible ! If you are a beginner and looking at this , go buy a Pilot Varsity pen for a few bucks . They are disposable so when the ink is out you can throw it away . The build quality is great and it is a MILLION times better than this GIANT PIECE OF JUNK . The inks are terrible , the nibs dont write , the plastic casings break when you twist and tighten the barrel . Everything is just a giant regret . I think if I dip my finger in an inkwell , I just might write 10x better than this set .
 This product is horrible . none of the pens i used even let ink flow , even after multiple different methods of attempting for the ink to flow . over all , DO NOT GET THIS .
 This pen set was a complete waste of my money . I tried everything , but could never get ink to come out ! This was not my first set ... I know how to use this type of pen ; it just would not write at all . Ended up throwing it away in angry frustration . Seemed too much of a hassle to return it . I would give zero stars if that was an option !
 Do n't waste time or money buying this piece of ... !! it 's terrible ... spend a little more money and get a rotring calligraphy pen which is excellent . I 'm extremely dissapointed .
 I bought this pen set at my local Office Depot since I just started teaching myself calligraphy . I wish I had checked on Amazon first and saved myself the money . These pens are just terrible . They do not produce crisp lines , and the ink flow is erratic . I will probably end up throwing them in the trash . If you 're looking to use this pen for calligraphy , please do not bother . Buy something else instead of this heaping pile of excrement .
 Do n't buy this pen if you want to write in Calligraphy . The nibs on this pen are blunt and do NOT produce a sharp , clean script . It does n't matter what kind of paper I used , the ink flow and nib produced rounded letters much like you 'd get with a regular sharpie felt pen . VERY disappointed in this product . The nibs are supposed to be chisel tip but do not produce a sharp edge at all .
 I 'm a professional calligrapher and I bought this set . I should of known when the first go around the re fill cartridge was like the devil to fit I had to jam it on the table . I thought at first it was poor quality paper the reason the pen would n't work but spending a fortune on good writing paper proved another waste of time . It leaks inside the pen but no ink on paper . And insult on insult the extra nib does n't even fit . Awful cheap and that 's the best thing I can say
 This description mentions that SF 15 staples can be used for heavier duty applications . However what it fails to mention is that not only are they unavailable on Amazon.com. , they are unavailableanywhere - because they have been discontinued ! If any one happens to have a box of sf 15 staples around , I will gladly buy them from you for $ 20 box plus shipping . Why would I do this ? Simply because I have a Swingline Saddle stapler in good working order which is designated to use onlythe recommended staples -LRB- SF15 -RRB- which worked great , but sf4 's or others will not work at all . Thanks Swingline for a great product as long as one does not need to do any actual stapling .
 Amazon does it again . I received an obviously returned , opened product in a damaged box . It was an emergency order for a project at the due date so I did n't return it ... as the person who used it before had . If you want to sell me used stuff , then let me know what I 'm taking a chance on .
 I bought one and thanks to its malfunction I am now a stapler engineer . It is very heavy and a somewhat awkward design . Mine -LRB- an older one -RRB- says to use SF 15 staples which are actually SF 4 's these days . However a manufacturing defect with mine at the staple hammer area squeezes the SF 4 's and they ca n't reach into the hammer zone . However - My stapler works with Standard staples SF 1 's just ok to average . Also , the anvil is part of the plate and the plate has slotted screw holes for adjustment . After adjusting I still get wacky staple bends in the back of the paper . Lining up the pamphlet on the seam just right takes some skill . Will work through this to complete concepts prior to sending off to printing house but then it is going in the trash .
 The Swingline Long Reach stapler we have in our elementary school consistently jams . It takes on two staples at once so they jam up at the end . I have to take a paperclip , uncurl it and fish out the jammed up staples . Makes putting books together frustrating and time consuming .
 I have to admit , I was highly impressed with telephone capabilities of this system . There was no interference with our wireless Internet -LRB- a constant problem in our house -RRB- , it was feature packed , and the color screen was very cool.However , I have never dealt with such a quirky answering machine . It would answer the first 4 or 5 calls , and then it would stop answering -LRB- even though the answering machine was turned on the entire time -RRB- . It would not pick up on the next 2 or 3 telephone calls -LRB- which we checked via caller ID -RRB- , and then it would work again . We returned it and exchanged for another , but still had the same problem . Very unfortunate as it was a great phone otherwise .
 Pros
 Range is not great . Sync feature does n't work with Outlook if you have Exchange -LRB- Corporate e-mail -RRB- so that feature was totally useless for me -LRB- main reason I bought the phone -RRB- . Who has time to manually enter 400 phone numbers ... Battery life stinks - it lasts about 20 minutes on speaker phone . And if you place the phone on the charging base to recharge it disconnects the call . I make lots of calls where I get put on hold for extended periods and I 'm a slave to the phone unless I put it on speakerphone . It does n't have the battery life for me to leave it on speakerphone and it hangs up if I try to recharge it . I have to juggle two phones which get drained to low battery in no time at all . Stupid design . Total junk .
 The old phone I had was heavy , and the battery life was horrible . You have to put this phone on the charger every night or you wo n't have a phone in the morning even if you do n't use it that much . I thought for the price that it would be the best phone in the world . To my suprise the only great thing is that it 's not heavy .
 This phone performs most of the functions that I wanted , but has some puzzling design flaws . # 1 annoyance
 I just got the phone , so I put it on charge since it has to charge for 15 hours according to the manual before you can use it . It looks really nice , and the features seem to be great . I just have to say the following : WHY IS IT THAT WALL MOUNTING OF THE PHONE ONLY POSSIBLE IN A HORIZONTAL POSITION ????? Most wall mounts are usually at a person 's eye level . So I assumed that the wall mounting of this phone would have been like so many other phones I 've seen before ... VERTICAL SO THAT I CAN ACTUALLY SEE THE BUTTONS AND THE SCREEN OF THE BASE !!!! So , as an engineer , I have to say to Uniden 's engineers ... WHAT WERE YOU THINKING !!!! I 'm giving this phone 4 stars since I think the features are actually going to work out nicely . If I find major usability flaws I will ship it back and write another review . -------------------------------------------------- UPDATE December 09
 Folks , I am not going to waste a bunch of time taking up space repeating what other 's have already stated . I will repeat the following tho : I DO N'T KNOW WHAT UNIDEN 'S PROBLEM IS MAKING A DIGITAL ANSWERING MACHINE , BUT THIS ONE DOES NOT WORK.Sorry for yelling , but this answering machine has NEVER taken a message . After using it for a couple days and thinking
 I bought this UNIDEN CLX485 phone and found after the fact that there is no hardware driver for VISTA OS . Another of life 's little surprises .
 Certainly not into the Uniden CLX485 , thats for sure . I have owned plenty of cordless phones in my day and to be honest , I wish I could go back in time to buy up all the older phones.I am just one person and I dont know about everybody else , but what would be the very FIRST requirement for a `` good '' phone to have ? Sound quality . Second ? Battery life . Anything after that is icing.The sound completely sucks on this phone . There is a constant hum and the voices sound slightly distorted and low . Whle changing the volume does increase the decibel level , it also increases all the annoying sound coming from this phone.If youre looking for the same quality phone that your old 900/2 .8 had , good luck . If you find yourself reading reviews about how good this phone sounds , think skeptically about who 's writing it.I did not invest any money in this phone . It was a gift and I am embarassed that I will have to return the gift . .
 If you plan on throwing away your hard earned money purchase this Item . Uniden stopped manufacturing this model since 2005 . The batteries for this model can hardly be found and if so believe me the possibility of it being good is less than 25 % . I purchased this from a company ADGTRON through Amazon and did not attempt to hook up the phone for three months since I got it for my mom and could not get it to her before . When I hooked it up after charging the battery for over 18 hrs the face of the phone remained dark . I e-mailed ADGTRON explaining to them what had happened and all I got was HOG WASH. . My humble advise stay away from this phone and stay away from ADGTRON .
 I bought one of these phones plus 3 satelites and they worked reasonably well for the first year . The main problems being range - some of the phones would not operate unless they were within 20ft of the base -LRB- clear line of sight -RRB- whereas others worked up to about 100ft through walls . After 12 months use , only two of the original four phones work - the others just emit hash . I 've tried swapping batteries and reregistering them with the base but I ca n't get these to work.It 's a shame because otherwise they had all the features we needed .
 i bought these phones ... . very expensive to start with , but i was willing to pay because quality usually is something you have to pay for . they worked well at first . it took about 8 months to really have a problem with them , but when it rained it poured . i have sent back 2 out of 3 phones that i got and with the replacements they sent me 3 dont work out of the 3 . uniden is replacing my entire set because they are under warranty but i shouldnt have to send back 2 out of 3 in under a year . lets see , the one is totally not usable . doesnt turn on , different batteries dont fix the problem ... completely useless . the other one , the battery dies after literally 3 minutes of talking , and the third just shuts off in the middle of a conversation with no warning , then flashes on and off . like i said , i contacted uniden through email and i am getting replacements . maybe i just got a bad set . until they broke i liked them a lot . but i dont think id recommend them after having all the problems i did .
 We 've had this phone for about a year.There are 2 major flaws with this phone .1 . Range - Maximum Range from base to handset is about 15 feet . More than that and you get static or dropped call .2 . Unable to Connect To Base . We receive this message alot . Even when standing next to the base.We 've had these 2 issues off and on over the last year . It has gotten to the point where we can only answer an imcoming call by using the speaker phone located on the base unit . Needless to say , we are dumping this piece of garbage and getting a new -LRB- non-uniden -RRB- phone .
 Do n't buy it . In the 6 months I had the phone , the screen burnt out so I can see the numbers , the answering machine is horrible , and I get better reception from my baby monitor . I had a cheap Panasonic beforehand which was much better . This was a complete waste of $ $ . Hooking it up to your PC to get those `` cool '' features is just a pain . I 'm having a tough time returning this . Be careful .
 I paid around $ 100 to purchase one of this and battery went bad in 7/8 months and called uniden and they say batteries have three months warranty and i have to buy new one 's out of my pocket . It 's a shame that a product for such price has such a poor quality battery . I 've seen lot of cheap product costs below $ 30 lasts more than 2 years . So why should someone pay such price and pay again for batteries so soon . I would say its a bad product . Not worth the money you pay . having some fancy feature does not make a product good if it does not server your basic purpose . Also there is no customer service number in their web page . Email does not guarantee any reasonable answer . I would say , stay away from Uniden product .
 I bought five uniden headsets and , less than a year later , three consistently fail -LRB- i.e. , disconnect , immediately run out of power though they 've been charged for hours -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed with these phones and wo n't buy uniden again .
 As mentioned in another review , this is not a toy . I used the magnetic tape on strips of laminated paper . The magnets held fine , but the tape did not hold the laminated paper . I find several strips of paper on the floor everyday with the magnet still stuck to the board . I am applying double-sided scotch tape to the tape to see if that helps . Next , step will be glue . Bottom line - not sticky enough to hold items to magnet .
 We tried to hang cardstock using this tape and the magnetic was plenty strong , but the adhesive was not near strong enough . The cards would fall off the metal wall , not the magnets .
 This adhesive tape is only useful if you want to hang a single sheet of typing paper , nothing heavier . I tried hanging a 4x6 inch photo , and it swiftly slid to the floor . And yes , I used a big enough piece . Also , just because it comes on a tape dispenser , do n't think it works like a tape dispenser . I about cut my finger trying to rip a piece off ... it just kept stretching . I had to use scissors , so that defeats the whole purpose of the packaging.And WHY is this listed as a toy ? For starters , it 's magnetic tape . Not what I 'd call a toy . And if it was a toy , it would be a dangerous one with the sharp dispenser points -LRB- which do n't work , but are still sharp . -RRB- I 'll keep it to hang single sheet notes or reminders on the fridge , but nothing else .
 Not sure why this is catagorized as a toy . This did not do the job that I wanted it to do . The magnetism was not strong enough for the job . I did return this product and was very satisfied with the return process , I am sure that this product is usefull for very light magnetic use .
 This tape has little or no magnetic strength . It wo n't even stick to itself !
 A 1 &#34; strip of this does n't even stick to the refrigerator . Originally I intended to use this to make a &#34; smart &#34; case for my tablet using magnetism to detect the screen is covered by the case . Did not work for that either . Adhesive on the back is extremely weak . Poor magnet and poor tape .
 The adhesive part of this tape does not work at all . Would not stick to hardly anything.Would not recommend this to anyone .
 This `` magnet tape '' does n't hold anything that weighs more than a plain piece of copy paper ... if that ! The magnetic part works great - it 's the `` tape '' that does n't stick . I bought this at the same time I bought the tape byXyron 3/4-inch Wide Magnet Tape , 25-feet . Works MUCH better !
 First , this is n't a toy and I do n't know why Amazon has it listed as such . I bought it to use as backing for paper to hang on the refrigerator . I 've used other magnetic tapes and this one is useless . The sticky part of the tape does n't stick , and the magnetic part does n't work . Do not buy this product . Find another magnetic tape .
 The build quality of this product is totally fine . The failure here is in the description . By looks I thought I was getting a unit that used fanfold post its . This is a unit that uses the standard top glued post its . I was disappointed because the description of the product did n't indicate which type of post its it was made for , so I had to take a chance and lost.If you want a unit that dispenses top glued post its this is a totally fine unit .
 I thought this post-it-note dispenser was for the accordian type notes . I do n't see the purpose for this one , since the pad just lies inside this dispenser ; no different than placing the notes directly on my desk .
 From the illustration I thought the post-it dispenser would have the small colored tags along with the post it pad . ABSOLUTELY NOT . This is a wasteful , overpriced plastic tray to hold only one small post-it pad.By showing a variety of pads the shopper can get fooled into thinking they will get a dispenser for all these items . Just another example of bait and switch . I feel that I was cheated . Maybe this review will save someone else from being cheated too .
 This is not at all what is pictured . I was hoping to get the holder for the fan-type post its along with the page markers , just like the picture shows . This is just something to set your regular post it pad on , it 's not even a dispenser . Very dissapointing .
 Can you or why do n't you make one that would also hold a typical ball point pen ?
 It states `` Flag dispenser value pack with removable and repositionable assorted color flags and clear desktop dispenser . '' in the description , however it is only the dispenser.Why 2 stars ? Good product , but pricey especially since it does n't include the post-it 's which it says it includes . Not a fan of false advertising ...
 Designed for aesthetics , poor on function . Nice weight but the acrylic tabs protrude too far it prevents the thumb from getting close to the blade for quick cuts . ` took the acrylic glass and now functions well . The decorative glass probably costs half the total price .
 This is a single , unpackaged , paper file folder.Can ' t believe I paid over $ 5 for only one folder . Sure missed that in the fine print .
 I bought this unit last year and was initially very happy with it . However , early in 2000 I discovered there was a bug in the 2.x units . The date and day of week will not line-up when the calendar rolls over to 2001 . The manufacturer knows about the problem , but has not addressed how to fix the outstanding ones . My advice is to make sure you get one of the new ones , or else you will be very disappointed .
 I also have gone thru 2 bases . The first base lasted aproximately 1.5 years then went bad ... the second lasted only 45 days ... they then informed me that it was not going to be covered by warrenty due to act of god . I will never purchase another of their products !
 The main reason I bought this phone was for my Mother who has some dexterity problems with her fingers . I was looking for the Voice Dial function which has become very popular with cell phones so she would be able to dial without using her fingers.This function requires that you use the 5-way toggle pad to get to the feature . If you push too hard on the small , sensitive toggle pad , it is becomes another function . What in the world were they thinking?Why would even want Voice Dial if you can have programmed speed dials ??? BAD DESIGN !!!! The other issues were all present that others have complained of.The features of this phone are excellent but function is terrible for this much money .
 Having bought a Siemens phone system for a 500 person company , I expected great quality and features and bought the full 4-handset system . I was disappointed . The audio quality is poor , there is lots of interference -LRB- especially from the microwave -RRB- , dropped calls even with good signal , a brain-dead user interface -LRB- who thought up using the MEM key for call waiting ? -RRB- , lousy speakerphone with no volume control ... I could go on . The user manual emphasizes all kinds of esoteric features but one has to really dig for several of the basics of operation . For example , the fact that the MEM key was for call waiting was not on the quick reference page , nor was there a page at all for call waiting ! One positive
 I wish I would have read the reviews before going out to buy this phone system . The base station has been the cause of all the trouble . I can only get slightly over one years use out of it before it fails . The first time around , Siemens had a new one on it 's way to me only after they first received a handset from me . It did n't matter to Siemems which one of the three originally purchased handsets should be returned . The company did n't even need to see the malfunctioning base . They just needed `` a '' handset and replaced both the base and handset as a set . Siemens honored the warranty even though more than 1 year had passed.My second base unit lasted about 14 months before failing . No warranty available to me this time . My three handsets have worked well for over the entire period . I think I will look into other cordless phone setups to replace the Siemens.Terrific phone when it 's working . I wish I could simply replace the base unit but they are sold as a combo only , base and handset . It irritates me knowing that my three perfectly good handsets and charging stations are now useless to me . Anybody want to buy a gently used handset : - -RRB-
 I purchased the 4215 with high expectations , as you would expect ... . I was looking for a state-of-the-art phone with cool features , that is hands-free capable as has great receptionWhat I recieved was a phone that , although does some very cool features , is not comfortable to hold for long periods and is not hands-free capable -LRB- yeah , they got me there ... you have to buy the additional handset for another -LSB- amount of money -RSB- -RRB- . Also , the frequency of the phone is too close to the that of a microwave oven - so forget about chatting while you are cooking in the kitchen -LRB- but you 'll need 2 hands for that anyway ... -RRB- However , these problems were minor when capared to the technical issues experienced with the phone . I have had to return the phone twice because the phone `` lost registration '' and could n't `` find '' ther base station . Yes , this phone is certainly is `` state-of-the-art '' ... And be warned - Siemens will not refund your -LSB- money -RSB- they only `` repair or replace '' ... Needless to say , here I am with a -LSB- less expensive -RSB- hands-free phone , trying to defend the logic of spending -LSB- more money -RSB- on one of lesser quality ...
 This phone is tempting . It looks great , feels nice on your ear , lacks an antenna , and has an inconspicuous base that does n't draw attention . However , the phone is a poor performer compared to the excellent panasonic multi-handset KX-TG27X0 series . First , the panasonic can support 8 handsets and allow 4 handsets and the base speakerphone on the line simultaneously . The Siemens base supports just 4 handsets , and only 2 on the line simultaneously . The siemens handsets can subscribe to multiple bases , but will not switch from one base to the other as you move around . So if you move from one base 's area to the other-whether you 're on the line or not-your reception will fade and your call will be dropped . The siemens has terrible range . It would n't even cover my whole NYC apartment . The panasonic works all over my apartment , in the elevator , and 8 floors down in the lobby . That 's impressive . The siemens ' keypad is cramped , has stiff buttons , and has poor tactile feel . Not to mention an awful delay in the response to a button push . The Panasonic has a backlit key pad and buttons that are much more responsive and well spaced . And no delay on button pushing . The panasonic has `` booster '' function to increase the transmitting power and improve range and reception . Nothing but poor range and bad signal quality on the siemens . The panasonic does use menus , but the most used features during a call-speaker volume , flash , mute , signal booster-are all accessible with one button push . The siemens has no features immediately accessible.The siemens does not have a mute , requires you to hold down the recessesed `` mem '' key to `` flash '' or use call waiting , The siemens does have a few perks . The sound quality is nice and you get to name handsets . It does call recording and voice dialing , but it 's not easy . It uses AA batteries so they 're easilly and cheaply replaceable . It does allow you to lower the ringer volume at night . It does allow the caller to directly access one particular handset . But those are the icing on a cake . And the panasonic 's cake is much better . And cheaper too .
 this review concerns the siemens 242 2.4 spread sprectrum phone . well actually it concerns siemens support or lack thereof . i purchased three siemens 242 phones about 8 months ago and two out of the three died . one was sent back to service about 5 weeks ago and the other one was sent back one week ago . five weeks ago siemens support said we will send you a replacement phone as soon as we get your phone . two weeks , three weeks , four weeks , after finally calling them about 5 times , they said we are having an issue replacing your 242 phones and we will substitute a different model , model 2410 . one week , two weeks , no phones so i call again and this time i am told we dont have any 2410 's in stock to send you and we dont have any idea when they will be in stock . so i have been waiting for about 6 weeks for siemens to replace my phones and the best they can offer is we dont know when it will be . i asked them to replace them with some type of compatible phone , that is in stock and they refused to . the phone when it worked was ok but two out of three didnt make it one year and as far as service goes , i would rate them a zero .
 I purchased this phone less than a year and a half ago and now it simply stopped functioning . Customer service disclaims any responsibility since it is over a year old . For the price that I paid , I feel this product and service associated with it is a ripoff !
 I have had this product for a little over a year . It does not hold up well . In addition to being difficult to program , the sound quality is deteriorating and the keypad on all of the handsets have become difficult to use . I sincerely regret having purchased with product .
 This was a great phone for for the first month or so . -LRB- We have four . -RRB- The battery life is a joke . It uses old-tech -LRB- nickel cad -RRB- instead of lithium ion . You can let the phone charge all night , and the next day you 're lucky if you get 30 minutes talk time . My wife found the menu system cumbersome , especially when trying to flip between calls in call-waiting . -LRB- The big buttons at the top never work , although the label `` accept '' pops up . It 's more a dare than a suggestion . -RRB- By the time you navigate through 3 or 4 menu levels , your in-coming call has hung up .
 My wife and I bought this phone shortly after having our place remodeled with very high expectations . The phone is nicely styled , has some terrific features and the multiple handset feature really sounded attractive . Unfortunately , the phone was initially delivered with dead batteries -- a harbinger of things to come . We have had to replace our base unit twice in nine months -LRB- it shorted out -RRB- despite new phone and electrical wiring in the house and surge protection . Dealings with Siemens customer service have proven to particularly frustrating ...
 ... We have already had to have it replaced once , as it was chirping the entire first week we had it , claiming not to be sitting in its cradle properly . It still chirps when someone walks near it now , that is how unsteady the connection to the charging contacts is . The remote access feature is difficult , and getting messages from the answering machine just is n't that easy , even at home . Deleting them is a chore as well . It has no buttons on the base , everything is operated from the handset , and frankly it is a real pain . The speakerphone part is acceptable but lacks volume . The phone also clicks frequently while talking , as if it is switching channels or something , and during a conversation this can be quite annoying , as you have to continually ask , `` are you still there ? '' We had a Panasonic cordless that I liked a lot better but it broke , so we were leary of getting another . I really liked the appearance of this phone and the multiple handset option , which we also got , but there are others out there ... like Vtech and Panasonic . Do n't bother with this one .
 We had our phone for just a year when the base station failed . After doing some research , we learned that this is a very common problem with this phone . As a `` courtesy '' the manufacturer agreed to replace the base station after we returned ours by mail , but considering what we have learned , we expect that this will fail again.The phone has lots of features , including a good directory . The speakerphone sound quality is good . The sound quality using the handset is average -- sometimes hissy , sometimes tinny.Overall , the phone is a little cumbersome to use -- not really intuitive . If you tend to rest the handset on your shoulder when you talk , you will disconnect , because of the way the handset is designed.I definitely do not recommend this phone . I was not terribly happy with it when it was working , but now I know that it has a history of problems . Do your research before purchasing this!We will try the Uniden TRU-5685-2 -LRB- ? -RRB- instead .
 Beware of this phone . It looks cool , but that 's it . The battery life is terrible . And just TRY answering call waiting . Forget about it . This thing is a disaster . DO NOT BUY .
 I had this phone for about six months and the transmitter in the base went out , making the whole system useless . I called Siemens support and they said there is nothing they can do about it . I must purchase a whole new unit - no way to get a replacement part . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone .
 Its been just over a year since I purchased the base and two extra handsets . The base has now failed on me twice . The first time Siemens replaced it -LRB- they made me send it back to them before they would send me another one - leaving me without a phone system for 4 weeks -RRB- . This time -LRB- 14 months from original purchase and 4 months from replacement -RRB- they tell me that the base is no longer under warranty and I 'll have to buy a new one .
 I actually already wrote a negative review on this phone two months ago and my displeasure with the phone has increased to the point that we are headed out to the store to buy a new phone . I do not write many reviews but I felt compelled given my incredibly poor experience with this phone . We bought the phone 3 months ago on the recommendation from a friend.PROS :1 -RRB- when the phone is n't clicking every other second the sound clarity is very clear .2 -RRB- It looks pretty goodCONS :1 -RRB- Battery life is abysmal . The screen face and blinking message light consumes too much power when the phone is not being used . You can not leave the phone off the hook for more than hour or it dies .2 -RRB- The phone is beyond complicated to use and I and my wife are technofiles .3 -RRB- When you finally figure out the call waiting function it often does not work .4 -RRB- the phone is constantly clicking this occurs even when our microwave and wireless computer network are turned off -LRB- when they are on the phone is virtually not usable -RRB- 5 -RRB- Aggravating delay when you dial a number -LRB- sort of the like the old phones that had pulse dial -RRB- Bottom line this is a poorly engineered product , that is distinctly NOT user friendly , and to top it all off it is expensive . The day after I posted my original message another appeared that this was one of the greatest cordless phones ever . I wonder if the person worked for Siemens or for Amazon -LRB- I think they sometimes buy in bulk at a discount from manufacturers -RRB- . I can say without hesitation that you should save yourself the aggravation and buy ANY other phone , but this one .
 I purchased this phone several months ago because of all the wonderful `` cell phone like '' features it had . Unfortunately this phone is nothing like any cellphone you may have . The menus are awful and navigation is difficult and confusing and incredibly slow . Each button must be pressed hard and then you must wait 1 - 5 seconds for the menus to switch or commands to run -LRB- such as deleting an answering machine message takes 3-4 seconds . -RRB- Next , the battery life is extremely poor , I was initially getting 12 hours stand by on a full charge . I then contacted customer support and let them know and they sent me new batteries . They were just as bad . I contacted customer support again and they told me not to expect more than 12-24 hours of stand by . I told them that on the web it states that i should get 10 hours talk time and 150 hours stand by time ... Anyway , the phone is an incredibly good idea gone incredibly bad . Dont waste your time . I was excited too before I got the phone but it ended up being one the worst purchases I ever made .
 Siemens do not offer repair support in the US on any of their phones once the one year warranty is up . I was willing to pay and send it wherever but no luck there . If your phone system goes wrong , you are on your own ! All they do is suggest you buy a reconditioned unit from them.Until they sort this out , I would recommend not buying their phones . I speak from experience after having suffered their uncaring Customer Care dept.
 I paid $ 130 for the base and also bought two other phones at $ 60 each . Less than two years later , I 'm told the electronics are shot and too bad for you , the warrenty is expired . Now , I understand that the base was failing much earlier . I thought I was buying quality and service . I got neither . I did n't find the phones complicated to use ; just a hassle because of the poor design . I 've never written a review about a consumer product , but then I 've never been this dissatisfied with a product.Beware .
 Did want to add that I found the manual for this phone online . However , I still find the telephone hard to use . I 'm passing on the phone and manual to a friend who is working on her doctorate in instructional technology -LRB- for real -RRB- . Perhaps she can find it more `` user friendly '' than I did .
 To start , when this phone system works properly , it is very nice . The sound quality is fine , ergonomics are good , and there are plenty of features . To set up the phone properly and utilize all of the features it takes someone not intimidated by technology.Unfortunately after 12 months ownership , both of the handsets failed . The keypads stopped working so you could not dial out or hang up . Out of warranty I replaced them with two new handsets . 6 months later the base failed . When I called Siemens customer support to ask for help , they claimed a failure rate of &#60; 1 % . Of course , being out of warranty , they would n't consider replacing the base . On my original purchase the Siemens product failure rate is now 100 % .
 The phone was OK while it worked . I have two extra handsets that are useless exactly a week after my one year warranty is over because the base station is dead . I should 've read reviews here before my purchase . I am trying to salvage my other handsets by buying another base on ebay ... hopefully for less than $ 30 .
 PROS
 Sounds great on paper and online , but ... I admit that this is one of the better esthetically designed cordless phones out there in the US . I do not know why other manufacturers such as sony , panasonic can not mack the phones as beautiful as the ones sold in Europe or Asia.And this model works fine too
 I have owned this phone for over six months now and I wish I had never bought it . The audio quality is extremly poor , the battery life is terrible and it is very complex to operate , and I 'm a technicial professional.This phone was not very well thought out . Who would think that to answer a call waiting that you need to press the MEM button ? The TALK button , the END button maybe , but not the MEM button . Thats just one example.My 900Mhz VTech was a awsome phone I should have gone with VTech again.Very dissappointed .
 I bought the siemens based on the company reputation and the features / price comparison.The base station unit easily recognizes all units , and the phone system is very easy to set up . However I 've experienced horrible reception with many snaps , crackles . More frustrating is that it frequently and intermittently disconnect during calls.Reception and drop-offs did not seem to be related to distance from the base unit . I may have experienced these problems due to the fact i 'm running a wireless network in my house ; there have been many comments elsewhere about 2.4 G phones interfering with wireless lands . However , turning off the Wireless lan temporarily did not improve phone reception.i lived with the sub-par performance of the siemens for a few months and could never get it to improve . Finally my household forced me to purchase a different phone system . I moved to a 5.8 G phone from another vendor and have experienced no problems .
 Spent too much time researching cordless phones ended up going with this one given that it appeared to have the most positive reviews . Have owned it for about 5 months along with an extra headset . Bottom line this phone is poorly conceived and engineered and just plain aggravating at times . There is almost a constant buzzing sound in the background -LRB- I am not running a WIFI network -RRB- , the controls on the handset are very complicated -LRB- way more so than even the most `` advanced '' cell phone -RRB- and I consider myself a technofile . I just wanted a high quality cordless phone that had a good signal , battery life , looked good and was free of defects what I got was a phone with questionable sound quality and a need for a PHD to figure out how it works . For those of you with a temper save yourself from eventually chucking this phone at the wall and look elsewhere .
 -LRB- please read the update below -RRB- PROS
 Was on a conference call with a client , last week , and heard the amazing quality of the speaker phone . Rushed out the next day to buy the 4015.1 . speaker phone is amazing , volume is to low for loud rooms .2 . Basic functions are burred rather deep w/in the menus . While the interface and navigation of the phone is ok , not intuitive but ok .4 . horrible selection of rings
 mine did not properly program , it was actually new in the box , sealed , but defective , but i was able to use it for phone calls , just not some programming of functions ... it was a 2.4 siemens , not this exact model , but i did the right thing ... . i returned it . pronto . i thought the clarity would be great , it was not good outside of the house , approaching my neighbor 's house , only about 40 footsteps away , started fading . the battery life was the worst of any device i 've ever used . although my panasonic 2.4 was big , fat , bulky , with a pocket clip , it way outperformed the siemens model on battery life , ease of use , range , and of course the volume and clarity . i could hear people with the panasonic , not so well with the siemens product . boo hiss . poor design . i really wanted to like it because it was a bit pricey and very light and it had the ability to add a 2nd or 3rd set on the same main station . okay , so this model pictured was not the exact one i bought , but i am looking for the `` best phone in the world '' and so far , i 've got to say the bang & olufsen is getting my vote . i am about ready to buy a main and 2 add-on handsets . it got 5 stars out of 5 on all five reviews i read on another site . upon returning my siemens unit , i asked the store clerk whether others had done the same . yes , a few had been returned , but not a single return on the panasonic model i had , so i purchased another one of the panasonics . now i have two . bravo for the return dept. get your money back . then begin smiling again . you will hate this phone . you will hate the battery life . if i have erred , and you really love your siemens phone , then you 'll simply hate me and my stinky review . i can live with that . kevin@kevins.com
 All the complaints about this phone are true . It 's about the most sophisticated phone I 've ever seen , but , in the end , it just falls short . I agree with all the other complaints I 've reads , and I want to add this one : The batteries -LSB- are bad -RSB- . THey 're cheap rechargeable batteries . And while some might think this makes it easy to buy replacements , I 'd more concerned with the fact that they do n't hold their charge very well and die every 2-3 weeks .
 This phone is complete junk . I would n't use this phone if someone gave it to me for free . People who like this phone from other reviews think it looks cool -LRB- that 's all I can gather -RRB- . It has a bunch of features that are clumsy and annoying.Cons1 . Are slow to get to -LRB- the menus and pushing buttons -RRB- 2 . Voice dialing ? what a joke . It is n't true voice dialing3 . The clarity was awful . It sounded like I was on a CB radio . One reason it might have been bad is because I have a 2.4 GHZ wireless router ; though my Panasonic sounds crystal clear.Pros1 . Looks cool2 . They really tried with the features ... tried ... 3 . Looks cool
 Before beginning my review , do n't buy this phone if you 're not good with gadgets . I 'm doing this for those who are just skimming through.Okay , this phone is PACKED w/features . Even a gadget lover like me NEEDED to read through the manual . I do n't think there are other phones on the market that offer all the features this phone does . However , along with the clever features came with some SIGNIFICANT problems that completely defeat the purpose of a cordless phone .1 . The reception is HORRIBLE . I have the 4215 base unit and 2 extra 4200 handsets for a 2-bedroom apartment and the reception is still terrible . The base unit is placed in the centrally located living room while the extra handsets are in the bedrooms , and remember your handsets ' reception is relative to the base unit , not the charging dock for the handset . Just from the living room to my bedroom -LRB- which ca n't be that far since it 's only a modestly sized APT -RRB- , I already hear mad clicking sounds . It 's so bad that you simply would not want to continue your phone conversation until you walk back to the living room where the base unit is . If you have a big house , do n't even bother with this phone unless your house has no walls and no electronics in it , or if you 're prepared to buy one base unit -LRB- 4215 -RRB- per room .2 . Horrible is too nice of a word to describe the phone 's battery life . I followed the instructions on how to operate and charge the battery from the manual , so this is not caused by mistakes I made . I can charge the phone all day and after one short call and leaving the phone out of the cradle for maybe an hour or so , the phone will indicate with a LOUD & annoying beep that battery is low and needs charging again . So basically full charge to no charge can be accomplished by a single call and an hour of standby time . And because the beep is so loud when battery is low , there 's no way you can talk on that phone or not put it back in the cradle to charge . That beeping sound will literally drive you crazy . You might be thinking that it 's an isolated problem with my phone , but no , this battery problem happens with ALL 3 of my handsets , which I bought from 3 different locations at 3 separate times.Other minor problems :3 . The buttons are quirky . They 're not consistently responsive . Sometimes you have to press a key more than once for the phone to recognize it .4 . The phone 's answering system WILL NOT allow you to delete a message until you 've heard part of it , so you ca n't simply delete a message without listening to it first -LRB- the screen already displays the phone # that left the message -RRB- , which is very annoying especially when you do n't want to listen to them and are trying to delete multiple new messages at one time . The answering system is NOT designed for quick operation . In fact , the whole phone is not designed for quick & easy operation.Conclusion
 I have been having this phone for about one year . I works fine , but it is so combersome to use that it is not really worth buying it . Perhaps the manufacturer paid so much attention to the non-phone features that they forgot the basics . Pressing the buttons has an annoying delay , the caller id has problems displaying the names unless they are already stored in the phone directory , etc. . But the really weird one is that I was unable to use the call waiting feature until few days ago . Apparently to flash the hook you have to press the `` mem '' button -LRB- nowhere mentioned in the manual ... oh yeah it 's intuitive ! -RRB- and you have to do that for some amount of time , not too long not too short . Until I found this `` feature '' , I tried to use other phones in the house to avoid missing calls . I buy a phone for the phone features , not for the pda features . I do not carry my cordless phone to the office ! I could care less for the pda features , but I expect the call waiting to work in a `` normal '' way . Is that hard ?
 I 've had this phone along with 2 additional handsets . I bought them without doing much research first but thought they looked great and offered a great deal of services.They have never worked well . Call waiting does not work and the phones have intermittently cut off conversations since I got them . The phone system dies just before the warranty ran out . Siemens has taken a month to send me a new phone leaving me with no choice but to go out and buy new phones.I 've been dissapointed with the product for a year and the terrible customer service has convinced me not to buy another Siemens product .
 The Siemens 4215 is not only the worst cordless phone I 've ever used , but may be the worst consumer product . This phone looks bad on its own , but comparing it to the Panasonic system I bought to replace it makes it look even worse.This phone has a number of features that sound cool
 ` This phone is truelly amazing with all of its features . It even calls itself '' The handset that has it all ! '' Well if it has it all , then why in the world would it not be headset compatible . It even comes with a belt clip . It 's like they just forgot to add that feature when it went into production . The phone is much to hard and uncomfortable to hold up to my ear , or on my shoulder for any length of time . I am very frustated at having to return this phone because i have not seen any others with this many bells and whistles . If Siemens would have either made this phone more comfortable or had preferably added headset capability , I believe that it would be the best phone on the market . But without either of these , I am dissapointedly having to return this phone .
 I bought this phone just over a year ago . Base phone plus one additional headset . Overall my recommendation is to STAY AWAY from this product , particularly at this price . It looks good on paper , i.e. , long on feature , very short on performance . My additional headset died within the first year -- the LCD display did n't work at all , problems registering to the base set , etc. . The sound quality is much worse than my 900MHz phone of a few years ago . I 've tried moving the phone location , etc. , but nothing seems to have worked . Using the phone initially is not very intuitive -- definitely need the manual for simple things sucha s turnign the ringer off , or muting !
 After extensive research I decided to buy this phone.Well , the first one I bought broke after 2 weeks - the LCD display got screwed up . Since I liked the design and features I went to the store and exchanged it for the same model . After about 2 weeks of using it the charger on the 4200 -LRB- supplemental receiver -RRB- stopped working . I thought I would give it one more try since , again , I liked the phone . So I exchanged it . What happened next ? you guessed it - the new charger is not charging again.In the meantime I called Siemens and asked them to send me the new charger -LRB- thought it will be easier than returning to the store -RRB- . They said they are `` out of them '' -LRB- boy - now I know why ! -RRB- and they can send me the whole receiver and I will have to keep the charger and send them back the receiver . To do that they wanted my credit card number . Also they mentioned -LSB- a -RSB- charge that will appear on the bill but I should `` disregard it '' . That 's the whole story . All in all - bad customer service , and the phone with great features that is broken is just a BAD phone . I will return mine tomorrow .
 I bought this phone expecting it would be the best phone I had ever owned . Boy , was I wrong ! The first phone I purchased was defective and was returned for the same model . The second phone was also defective . To make a long story short ... I had five of these phones before I returned it for good . I will never purchase another Siemens product ever again.I will admit that the features are excellent ... that 's why I gave the phone five chances at satisfying me . But in the end , it 's a piece of junk . One of the phone 's features is being able to set the ringer volume down or off at certain hours of the day . I chose to have the ringer turn completely off overnight . This worked for about the first two weeks of operation , but ceased to work for no reason after that . This was a problem for three of the phones I used . The other two phones had LCD problems within three weeks of purchase . The LCD went haywire and became unreadable.All of the phones I used made a `` popping '' sound whenever I moved more than twenty feet from the base unit . Overall , the sound quality was n't very good . The phone does not have the ability to switch to an alternate channel.The phone lacked a headset jack too which is disappointing as well . The LCD readout is sluggish with each key pressed or function accessed.If you want a quality phone ... do n't buy this one !! This is by far the worst cordless phone I have ever owned , and I 've owned many .
 When you 're talking and want to change the handset volume , you have to interrupt your conversation so you can look at the display , then press menu , scroll down to handset volume , and perform a few more steps to change the volume . Ridiculous . It needs a regular volume control . Same thing with call waiting . There is no flash button . You have to go through the menu system to switch to the waiting call .
 I received my Siemens 4215 today , as much as I tried to like it , and I am a bit of a gadget person , it is going back tomorrow . This phone does not live up to the hype , my old , cheaper -LRB- now broken -RRB- Panasonic 900 MHz phone worked much better than this more expensive model from Siemens.The `` mute button '' is the most annoying feature for me , when a conversation is muted , the person on the other end of the line actually hears music , and I would hear nothing on my end - that is hold not mute ! This ` mute ' feature is not work going to work out for those long conference calls I need to make , where I normally mute my phone to listen.The other problems with the phone is not so much a Siemens ' problem , but a problem with the crowded 2.4 GHz bandwidth . This phone is full of static in the vicinity of an operating microwave oven . If you have an 802.11 b wireless LAN at home you will hear a lot of clicking and static on the phone when your computer is transmitting signal.Resist the hypes on this phone , The older 900 MHz phone is still a much better choice .
 The Siemens Gigaset 4200 , 4210 , and 4215 units are powerful telephones , but be FOREWARNED ... Customers residing in the 14-state Qwest -LRB- formerly US West -RRB- service area may NOT be able to utilize some of the advanced telephone features.Siemens claims that the 4200-series provides support for `` Advanced Caller ID on Call Waiting '' -LRB- aka `` Caller ID 2.5 '' -RRB- when the service is obtained from the local telephone company . The Siemens 4215 User 's Manual states , `` The Gigaset 4215 fully supports this convenient telephone company feature . `` Do n't believe it !!!! Siemens provides support for `` Caller ID 2.5 '' and claims it is a `` standard '' . Qwest provides `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' which requires Type 3 -LRB- aka ADSI or Analog Display Service Interface -RRB- CPE -LRB- Customer Premises Equipment -RRB- . Type 3 CPE can be programmed -LRB- by calling a Qwest-provided 800 number -RRB- for use in the Qwest service area with the `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service . Siemens ' Gigaset 4200-series CAN NOT be programmed to work with the Qwest `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service.How Siemens can sell a brand new telephone boldly claiming support for features that require support from , but are not provided by , one of the major national telephone companies -LRB- serving 14 states and millions of consumers -RRB- is absolutely beyond me!Siemens customer support is rather unknowledgeable regarding these matters . They 're good at making excuses and claiming that `` 2.5 is the current standard '' , but absolutely of no assistance in making this customer happy.I wo n't be buying any more of these telephones and ca n't recommend them to anyone .
 The phone looks sleek and has state of the art features . The problem
 I bought this phone for the look and multitude of features , however , there are too many features . After 6 months , I still need to refer to the owners manual for certain things . The quality is okay , but do n't talk on the phone when the microwave is on . The handset speaker is the best feature . Also , the voice recognition was cool , until my -LSB- child -RSB- decided to start using it . If you do n't say names the same way each time , it calls someone else . I do n't like the extreme lightweight feel to it , makes it feel -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- and fragile . The battery life was fine in the beginning , but now only lasts about 1-2 hours off the base . Not good when there is no handset locator feature . With everything compacted into this phone , you would think it at least had that ! Do n't think I 'll ever buy this name brand again . So far , Uniden 's been the best for ease of use and durability .
 While I agree with what most of the other reviewers say about the high-tech aspects of the phone , I find it 's functionality to be questionable . Once a button is pressed it takes about half a second to register and thus for anything to be accomplished . My other cordless phone , a Panasonic , has the same wheel-menu thing in the middle and is is much easier to scroll through caller I.D. and stored numbers , without taking 5 minutes just to get through the caller I.D. menu . The ring choices are atrocious and irritating and I find it very difficult to get my messages . Once you receive a call , if you miss it , the phone will display a message which reads `` New Message -LRB- s -RRB- . '' Okay , I dont think thatI am alone here when this leads me to believe that there are new messages ... right ? Okay , no , it just means that someone has called , and will then display the Caller I.D. when you press the button . -LRB- after the standard 1/2 second has passed -RRB- . Anyway , overall I find it to be technologically ambitious , so much so that it negates it 's everyday usability . Voice dialing is great , but if getting my messages is challenging , where 's the excitement ?
 Do n't buy this phone until you understand the following.I must second a number of the negative statements made by the other reviewers - There are some serious flaws here . If you 're even considering this phone then you probably care about aesthetics and ergonomics -LRB- e.g. , wanting to have multiple extensions that work together -RRB- , a rich feature set , as well as sound quality , which this phone DOES have in varying degrees . The major difficulty is that the positives with respect to these qualities are really great , and the negatives are shockingly bad . The feature set is so good , for a technophile like me it 's hard to diss this phone too much because you just ca n't get voice announce and voice dialing at this price level -LRB- Closest would be the Panasonic Gigarange Elite phone that sells for 225 to 250 internet -RRB- . Some of the ideas are innovative and thoughtful , like the ability to have lower volume ringing at night according to your preset times . But there is a stunning lack of field testing evident in some of the basic functions that we take for granted by now , such as the inelegance of the call waiting -LRB- MEM key , something that took me 30 minutes and three lost call waiting calls to figure out before I found that package insert -RRB- , the annoying electronic music for the ON-HOLD music -LRB- sounds like an early eighties electronic watch alarm , very unprofessional and embarrassing if you 're intending to maintain dignity by placing someone on hold in the first place -RRB- . The sluggishness of the menu scrolling and key presses is absolutely inexcusable . Reminds me of the first caller ID units which came out in the mid nineties with very slow LCD displays . Like others have stated some very frequent options are buried deep in submenus while some low-yield options are more prominent . You really need to spend some quality time with the manual.Some of the operations could be a little more intuitive and less repetitive . I found myself -LRB- until I spent more time with it -RRB- entering names twice , once for the voice tag and once for the directory listing . Why not zero times , e.g. , have the phone pull the information off the Caller I.D. with an editing option?The Duplex speakerphone in the handset is awesome , one of the best handset speakerphones I 've heard . The volume in the handset itself is on the quiet side , and the lack of headphone jack is very annoying . The range is not very good with this phone -LRB- consistent with other Siemens multiphones-That 's why they sell REPEATERS for longer range use -RRB- , and pales in comparison to older 900MHz analog or digital phones , not just in my experience but by other internet reviewers . -LRB- An old VTECH went down to the laundry room in the basement , and I live on the third floor . This Siemens phone gets to the entry of my apartment and chokes - No wireless network in use here either ! -RRB- . A Gigarange Panasonic phone I tested works down the block and then some -LRB- I had to get into my car -RRB- in the middle of San Francisco!Despite being a nice looking handset and feeling comfortable in both large and small hands , it had a somewhat inexpensive and plastic feeling compared to the water resistant Panasonic Gigarange phones . They 're clearly attempting to maintain elegance by avoiding visible buttons on the base , but how elegant is it to have to turn the base upside-down to find a recessed button to page the handset each time it -LRB- frequently -RRB- gets buried in the recesses of your couch/bed/etc ? I guess I care a little bit more about phones than most because of the time I spend on them . This is a highly engineered phone that has serious ergonomic and aesthetic flaws , the degree of which prevent me from happily continuing to use it or to invest any further money in proliferating this user-unfriendly technology around the house in the form of extra handsets . Siemens ' next attempt at this product will be much better . Do n't buy until they do more user and field testing .
 Okay , I 'll keep this short . Siemens knows how to make electronics , but it does n't know phones . You will get a high tech gadget made by people who are completely amateur when it comes to phone ergonomics . Like :1 -RRB- supplying the phone with batteries that would n't outlast my cell phone ... LITERALLY . I had n't talked on my phone all day , but apparently the ringing from about five phone calls -LRB- and maybe the little red light that flashes to let you know you have a message -RRB- drained it from full . By the way , the speed at which it goes from full to empty will make you have to cut short a lot of conversations .2 -RRB- Hiding the call waiting behind the `` Mem '' button ... brilliant .3 -RRB- The incessant beeping when you are low on batteries ... also brilliant . I can see the engineer on this one
 I was very excited when I found this phone , it seemed like it had everything I ever wanted in a cordless phone . Yes , it is PACKED with features but the negatives definitely outweigh the < mostly useless > features : - NO hold or mute button . What 's up with that ?!? And having to hold the MEM button for a flash button I do n't understand ... Bad design . - The caller ID display on the handset only displays the phone number unless you go through several menu option selections to find out the name -LRB- or unless the number is in your address book -RRB- . Why not put the name on the incoming call display screen like every other Caller ID system ?? - NO headset capability . I did n't ever think that would be a problem but the handset is so small and awkward to handle it would be very nice to have one . - Good range , but constant buzzing noise in the background . No , I did n't have a microwave or wireless network running . - The voicemail system sounds bad . Too much crackling noise in the greeting and the messages . - Slow response to button presses . Very annoying and it 's hard to understand why it 's designed this way . - The display light turns off too quickly . Minor inconvenience but ` why ' ?? - After using it for about 6 weeks the display began to malfunction . Also , the battery began to die also . It would n't hold a charge for more than 3 hours on standby.Needless to say I was very disappointed . This phone HAD a lot of potential .
 I have the 4215 and spare handset with base -LRB- I think its the 4210 -RRB- . I bought this combo because of the positive reviews when I was researching on this site , speaker phone feature , and sleek look . I now wish I could return it to Amazon . The phone is not intuitive to use . I am pretty technical and normally can figure things out without readding the manual . Not so with the Siemens phone . Also , there is no key for instant mute . The worst part is the keys are slow to execute . Meaning if I press a key , there is a delay . My cable remote is the same and I hate it ! Other phones do not seem to have this problem . The battery also seems to be weak . If I leave the phone off the base for a day , the phone is dead . I would not recommend this phone .
 Battery went dead withing couple of months . replaced battery by paying $ . Bad customer service , they do not want here problems with phone .
 1 . This phone works fine but the battery life is very short . We 've had the phone of about 40 days and the batteries wo n't hold a charge . I called Siemens and was told -LRB- both by the customer service agent and the manager -RRB- that they do n't warrantee the battery . In my view , a battery that fails after just 40 days is defective , not worn out . I ended up having to purchase new batteries . I ca n't trust a company that wo n't stand behind its products .2 . I found the directions vague , confusing and contradictory . I had to fiddle with the phone for about two days to get it set up properly .
 I spend over -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on their top of the line model . At first I thought this is great . My friends bought similar models and for the first six months I was happy . Then the buttons on all the handsets started to not work . By the time the problem had become intolerable the warranty had expired . I was told by Customer care that I could buy another one referbished . Wow , what a great deal ... Spend more money on their cheaply made technology ... Do n't Buy From Siemens .
 My 4215 was sent back twice in the first year . The first time Siemens cross shipped the replace and I was n't out a phone . The second time they would n't do that so I sent them the base only to find out that they were out of stock on the replacement and could n't give me any type of lead time information . I have 3 handsets that go with the phone that are USELESS as paperweights right now . I even told them I was going to right this review and they did n't seem to care . I 'll not have another phone of theirs .
 Great features and design except for the battery life . It started out great and has deteriorated to the point that it only lasts about 40 minutes . My sister has the same phone and the same problem . She even exchanged it thru Siemens twice and the same thing .
 Me again , the VERY WORST feature
 The phone and handsets have been a big disappointment . The reception has been very poor with a constant `` clicking '' which is very annoying during conversations . The key action is very unresponsive and the caller ID function is poor compared to the much less expensive ATT phone we replaced . The concept of multiple handsets located around the home is great but the phones shortcomings make this one to avoid .
 I have had two handsets , having replaced the first one after the headphone jack stopped working after three years . The replacement handset , now three years old also has a malfunctioning headphone jack . I used to love to use the belt clip and my headphones to take conference calls at home and not have have my hands free to use the PC , etc. . After two failed handsets , I would not buy this product again .
 I purchased a 4215 base and 2 additional handsets and we really like the system . However , the base failed today -LRB- after 2 years of service -RRB- . Customer service at Siemens was prompt and professional -- they answered the phone immediately and were able to help me troubleshoot the problem quickly . HOWEVER , SIEMENS WARRANTY IS 1 YEAR AND THEY SELL NO REPLACEMENT PARTS . I WOULD NEED TO PURCHASE A NEW HANDSET AND BASE AT THE STORE . I 'M UPSET THAT A `` HIGH-END '' SYSTEM LIKE THIS FAILS AFTER 2 YEARS AND WILL PURCHASE ANOTHER GIVEN THE SIMILAR FAILURES THAT OTHERS NOTE IN THESE REVIEWS . I will never buy another Siemens product .
 This phone offers one of the best features on the market . You could select the ring tones , give a name to each extension , have it ring only 1 of the headsets depending on the choice the caller makes , conference call , Volume and distance are decent , size of phone is like a cellular phone , keeps alot of redials . I had returned this product 3 times with static problems and battery life . On the 4th there was no static but standby life on a fully charged battery was only 2 hours with talk time being 15 minutes . Customer support was no help . This phone would have been a 5 stars if the battery life lasted a decent time .
 I had this phone for about six months and the transmitter in the base went out , making the whole system useless . I called Siemens support and they said there is nothing they can do about it . I must purchase a whole new unit - no way to get a replacement part . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone .
 I bought the phone without doing a lot of research and it has been a major disappointment . Other than the sleek headset I do n't have anything good to say about it . There are 2 reasons why I 'm really upset with the purchase . # 1 the volume on the headset is very low . Compared to my old phone I have trouble hearing people . # 2 the battery life is the worst of any cordless I have ever owned . If you do n't leave the phone in the base the batteries will be dead within a couple of days on standby , if you talk on the phone or not . If you are considering buying this phone I would suggest you keep looking
 IF YOU HAVE ALL DAY TO SCAN AND RE-SCAN THE SAME BARCODE OVER AND OVER TILL THE CAT READS IT THEN IT MIGHT BE QUICKER JUST TO TYPE IN A NUMBER.SMALL AND CUTE BUT NOT VERY GOOD .
 please help me with mine i ca n't get it to work . i bought it elsewhere with no instructions and i ca n't seem to get it to produce any results.i have all the correct OS and whatnot i plug it in and get the red light then nothing . help
 The item Surpluscomputers is shipping is * not * a modified CueCat . It does not function as a standard barcode reader and still functions as a regular CueCat , encrypting all data . Be aware of this before purchasing . *** Note
 The cord for this gun was not only very short , but the actual plug is too small for a standard outlet , it kept falling out , and it still had bits of black plastic on the prongs . Not only did it not plug into the outlet , when I tried to push on the trigger , it broke . Very cheaply made , not worth the price of shipping .
 I have never written a review about a product before , that is because I am a very easy going and not very picky , but this `` keyboard drawer '' is a complete piece of crap and extremely over priced . Lets start with the installation
 This product does not slide very nice . For the price it should have flowed easily in and out . It slides rough .
 When I remodeled my home office , over a year ago , I found myself lacking enough space to fit a wide-bodied paper shredder . Therefore I set out to find something narrow yet still high quality . GBC has been a leader in paper shredders for quite some time , so when I found the SBC ShredMaser CC195 I did n't think twice about buying it . It is a very nice looking shredder , and its narrow design made for a perfect fit in my office . Now that I have been using it for several months I find myself wishing I had done more research.First I 'll speak about the technical specs of this device . The ShredMaster CC195 is specified as a medium duty shredder -LRB- although many sites call it heavy duty -RRB- , which GBC claims as 50 uses per day or less . The manufacturer 's website states that this unit measures 25.5 `` H x 13.9 `` W x 9.5 `` D , but I do n't see how they get these measurements . My unit has dimensions of 9 '' wide , 24 '' deep , and 25 '' tall . The device is rather deep and tall but very narrow . It is also important to note that this paper shredder feeds from the top , so you will not want to plan on placing it under a desk or counter of any sort . It is a cross-cut type shredder , which claims to be able to handle up to 15 sheets at a time . I find that the unit easily shreds 10 to 12 sheets at a time , but sometimes jams when I try to load in more than that . The unit can also shred CD/DVD disks , credit cards , staples and paper clips . The shredder cuts your documents into 5/32 '' x 13/8 '' chips , which are not as small as I had thought they would be . The device has a 91/4 '' paper entry port , and the shredded material is captured in a pull-out , 8 gallon basket/bin . The device has a handy auto On/Off switch -LRB- so the unit turns on as soon as paper is inserted -RRB- , as well as manual forward and reverse feed push buttons on the front . There are a series of LED lights on the front as well , to indicate power , bin open/removed , bin full , overload/jam , and over temp warning . The GBC website states that the unit has casters , for mobility , but mine came with none . The ShredMaster CC195 comes with a 2 year limited parts and labor warranty on the entire machine , and a 5 year warranty on the cutter assembly.This device is far from quiet , producing a rather loud growling sound when operating . Shredding CDs or DVDs is extremely noisy , adding a seemingly deafening series of cracking and popping noises to the already loud growling sound of the shredder . To shred CDs and DVDs you are supposed to flip a little slotted cover over the large paper feed opening , which prevents large chunks of plastic from flying out of the unit . Flipping the cover is not necessary , but I highly recommend it . I have jammed disks and credit cards into the shredder without flipping that little cover , and I almost always end up with pieces popping up and out of the paper feed opening.One of the biggest problems with this shredder is how it fills the waste bin/basket . I find that it fills the back portion of the bin very quickly , which causes shredded paper to backup and become packed into the cutting blades . I have to constantly pull the bin out about half way and pull the shredded paper toward the front of the bin . If you do n't do this quick enough you will end up having to reach up into the cutting area , where the blades are , and pull the clippings out of the blades with your hands . I feel this is extremely dangerous and is a very poor design flaw by this manufacturer . Using the recommended lubrication sheets does not do anything to prevent this problem.Emptying the waste bin is also a chore that I never look forward to . I use -LRB- and recommend -RRB- clear plastic shredder bags , which are designed to fit the CC195 . Due to the poor design of the bin itself , as well as a long plastic piece that sticks down on the inside of the shredder , the plastic bad catches of things as you are pushing the bin back into the shredder body . I find that I must use my hand to push the bag down in the back of the bin , to allow proper clearance and to prevent it from catching , bunching , or even tearing while inserting the bin . When removing the bin I often end up with many paper clippings littered on the bottom of the shredder , due to shredded paper falling from the blades as I remove it . To reduce the intensity of this problem I pull out the bin about 1/3 of the way and then reach up and try to pull as much of the paper clippings from the blade assembly as I can before removing the bin the rest of the way . As you can imagine this is a big inconvenience and frustrates me more and more every time I have to empty this shredder . Because of the mess that is created when emptying this unit , I have mounted a DustBuster type hand vacuum near the shredder for cleanup.Overall I am rather disappointed with the ShredMaster CC195 . The noise level is high , and there is just too much user interaction and maintenance needed to keep the shredder working well , not to mention the cleanup hassles that I have to deal with every time I empty the device . However , the device does do a pretty good job shredding paper , optical disks and credit cards , and at the time this model was the only shredder I could find that was narrow enough to fit into the space that I had available in my office . So my rating score can be broken down as follows : Shredding Performance & Capacity = 4 starsMaintenance = 1 starNoise Level = 1 starEase of Use = 2 starsDurability = 3 starsDue to all of the shortcomings this shredder is plagued with , I can not recommend it to anyone . It is a very stylish and good looking device , but using it is a rather ugly experience .
 This shredder has a lot going for it . Looks nice , size is great next to short filing cabinets or desk , shreds terrific . But , the bin design is a major drawback . It requires frequent emptying - well before it 's full . And , on several occassions paper has jammed in the `` chute '' preventing me from pulling out the bin to unclog it -LRB- with power off of course -RRB- . I end up jiggling the bin drawer and banging on the side to clear it!The problem is that under the cutter the shreds drop through a narrow chute into the bin . The bin is actually a drawer that pulls out the front . Well , the chute is n't `` slippery '' - it has various ledges and structural pieces in the way . Shreds easily collect there and back up , creating a jam . Even if it does n't jam , plenty of shreds get caught up there so when you pull the drawer out they fall down , or you have to pull them out , and then you have a mess.I 've tried this with and without the GBC shredder bags installed . The bags were worse and I quickly stopped using them.I 'm really disappointed . I 've used GBC in the past and been very happy . And , this one shreds great . But , it 's a major nuisance to manage the waste . I wish it had n't been so expensive otherwise I 'd replace it .
 When I remodeled my home office , over a year ago , I found myself lacking enough space to fit a wide-bodied paper shredder . Therefore I set out to find something narrow yet still high quality . GBC has been a leader in paper shredders for quite some time , so when I found the SBC ShredMaser CC195 I did n't think twice about buying it . It is a very nice looking shredder , and its narrow design made for a perfect fit in my office . Now that I have been using it for several months I find myself wishing I had done more research.First I 'll speak about the technical specs of this device . The ShredMaster CC195 is specified as a medium duty shredder -LRB- although many sites call it heavy duty -RRB- , which GBC claims as 50 uses per day or less . The manufacturer 's website states that this unit measures 25.5 `` H x 13.9 `` W x 9.5 `` D , but I do n't see how they get these measurements . My unit has dimensions of 9 '' wide , 24 '' deep , and 25 '' tall . The device is rather deep and tall but very narrow . It is also important to note that this paper shredder feeds from the top , so you will not want to plan on placing it under a desk or counter of any sort . It is a cross-cut type shredder , which claims to be able to handle up to 15 sheets at a time . I find that the unit easily shreds 10 to 12 sheets at a time , but sometimes jams when I try to load in more than that . The unit can also shred CD/DVD disks , credit cards , staples and paper clips . The shredder cuts your documents into 5/32 '' x 13/8 '' chips , which are not as small as I had thought they would be . The device has a 91/4 '' paper entry port , and the shredded material is captured in a pull-out , 8 gallon basket/bin . The device has a handy auto On/Off switch -LRB- so the unit turns on as soon as paper is inserted -RRB- , as well as manual forward and reverse feed push buttons on the front . There are a series of LED lights on the front as well , to indicate power , bin open/removed , bin full , overload/jam , and over temp warning . The GBC website states that the unit has casters , for mobility , but mine came with none . The ShredMaster CC195 comes with a 2 year limited parts and labor warranty on the entire machine , and a 5 year warranty on the cutter assembly.This device is far from quiet , producing a rather loud growling sound when operating . Shredding CDs or DVDs is extremely noisy , adding a seemingly deafening series of cracking and popping noises to the already loud growling sound of the shredder . To shred CDs and DVDs you are supposed to flip a little slotted cover over the large paper feed opening , which prevents large chunks of plastic from flying out of the unit . Flipping the cover is not necessary , but I highly recommend it . I have jammed disks and credit cards into the shredder without flipping that little cover , and I almost always end up with pieces popping up and out of the paper feed opening.One of the biggest problems with this shredder is how it fills the waste bin/basket . I find that it fills the back portion of the bin very quickly , which causes shredded paper to backup and become packed into the cutting blades . I have to constantly pull the bin out about half way and pull the shredded paper toward the front of the bin . If you do n't do this quick enough you will end up having to reach up into the cutting area , where the blades are , and pull the clippings out of the blades with your hands . I feel this is extremely dangerous and is a very poor design flaw by this manufacturer . Using the recommended lubrication sheets does not do anything to prevent this problem.Emptying the waste bin is also a chore that I never look forward to . I use -LRB- and recommend -RRB- clear plastic shredder bags , which are designed to fit the CC195 . Due to the poor design of the bin itself , as well as a long plastic piece that sticks down on the inside of the shredder , the plastic bad catches of things as you are pushing the bin back into the shredder body . I find that I must use my hand to push the bag down in the back of the bin , to allow proper clearance and to prevent it from catching , bunching , or even tearing while inserting the bin . When removing the bin I often end up with many paper clippings littered on the bottom of the shredder , due to shredded paper falling from the blades as I remove it . To reduce the intensity of this problem I pull out the bin about 1/3 of the way and then reach up and try to pull as much of the paper clippings from the blade assembly as I can before removing the bin the rest of the way . As you can imagine this is a big inconvenience and frustrates me more and more every time I have to empty this shredder . Because of the mess that is created when emptying this unit , I have mounted a DustBuster type hand vacuum near the shredder for cleanup.Overall I am rather disappointed with the ShredMaster CC195 . The noise level is high , and there is just too much user interaction and maintenance needed to keep the shredder working well , not to mention the cleanup hassles that I have to deal with every time I empty the device . However , the device does do a pretty good job shredding paper , optical disks and credit cards , and at the time this model was the only shredder I could find that was narrow enough to fit into the space that I had available in my office . So my rating score can be broken down as follows : Shredding Performance & Capacity = 4 starsMaintenance = 1 starNoise Level = 1 starEase of Use = 2 starsDurability = 3 starsDue to all of the shortcomings this shredder is plagued with , I can not recommend it to anyone . It is a very stylish and good looking device , but using it is a rather ugly experience .
 This shredder is awful . Even my very modest expectations have been disappointed . I bought this machine because it was compact in size and promised to shred a reasonable amount of paper efficiently . My mission was -- and alas , remains -- to shred mounds of old financial records . I knew from past experience with other shredders that this would have to be done a bit at a time ; all shredders overheat , especially those designed for home use , and most can digest only half the number of sheets claimed in the ads . But this shredder falls disgracefully short of minimum performance standards , including its own specs . It overheats after shredding a few sheets , triggering the safety shutoff . I must then wait for 20-30 minutes before I can activate the shredder again . The heating is so intense that it cooks the shreds into a hard mass that must be yanked out from deep inside the casing , after removing the bin . The noise is deafening . A piece of the plastic casing broke off after it was lightly bumped by an adult walking past the shredder.Here is how it stacks up against GBC 's specs . Promise
 Despite its good looks , the CC195 has been very disappointing . The product is based on a poor design , which has a narrow slot beneath the shredding mechanism . As a result , the confetti jams without falling into the bin . I regularly have my arm and hand in the machine , digging out the compacted , jammed shreds.This machine gets only light use in my home office , and I never insert more than a few pages at a time.Additionally , it is very noisy , and the bin is messy to empty . Shame on you , GBC .
 i was very xcited to receive this since my cats tend to walk on top of my powerbook when i step away from my desk . i was disappointed when i opened the box and it was in 2pieces . i am returning it.UPDATE
 picture is not clear on important detailsi.e . that there is a middle bridge support , or the rear lip.which is a design flaw as the lip cracks easily during shipping , as mine did !
 I returned this item because it came cracked but beyond that , it has a ` lip ' on it that makes it difficult to work with . The return was easy enough .
 I bought three . All three arrived broken , but it was NOT due to poor packaging - all the boxes were intact . There 's a structural flaw somewhere . I wish I had paid attention to the other reviewer who stated this .
 Took heavy to hang in a cubicle - the velcro will not hold the heavy acrylic . Also , the magnets are not strong enough either .
 I ordered 3 rolls of this semi-gloss paper . Shoplet.com sent me Glossy paper . I am having a very hard time getting them to cooperate with the return and send me the correct paper.Shoplet.com sucks . Buy elsewhere.The Epson semi-gloss paper is very nice though -LRB- I have used it previously -RRB- , FWIW .
 Item description says `` tough premium shippers '' - they are far from that . The quality is very poor - these are the worst bubble mailers I 've ever encountered and I 've shipped thousands of packages in bubble mailers . The comment , `` sturdily built with bubble lined wall construction for extra protection during transit '' is a mis-representation . These mailers provide no protection and they are shipped in equally weak boxes that were broken open and clearly marked `` Made in China '' . I can return them , but the shipping cost I 'd have to pay is more than I 'd get refunded . Instead of `` upgrading my company image '' as the description boasts , if I were to use these cheap bubble mailers , I 'd have customers receiving broken products and hurting my image and reputation as a professional and reputable business . The only good thing about these is I can put them in the recycle bin and the recycling company can take them off my hands . Money down the drain .
 These envelopes were the correct size , and the paper looks and feels good , but if you 're wanting a bubble mailer , do not get these . They work as a plain manila envelope , but the `` bubbles '' are nearly all deflated and provide absolutely NO padding for the envelope contents . When I gently pinch the bubbles with one finger on the outside of the package and one on the inside , my fingertips touch . Bottom line - do n't ship anything fragile in these mailers !
 This cabinet is not worth the sale price , let alone full price . I 've had the cabinet for about a year now . The hooks that hold the doors to the cabinet itself have already broken off . Both of them . The top is supposed to snap into the sides and back , but was poorly formed and has never been able to . To remedy this , I keep a 20lb stone on top to keep it on so water does n't seep in . Also , I keep a couple of slate stones on the floor of the cabinet to weigh it down , as the slightest wind topples the whole cabinet . Lastly , the doors do not stay closed , so be prepared to use twist-ties through the door handle holes to keep the doors from being wide open every time you walk by it . If you go with this cabinet , do not use it outdoors . Pay slightly more for the Lifetime or Rubbermaid and only have to buy it once . I learned the hard way .
 Same old problem with Amazon sellers
 The unit fails in less than 5 months of usage and even though it was kept in mint condition . If there is another choice from another manufacturer , go for it . Stay away from TI products . It was sent to TI for replacement and yet after two , I am still waiting !!!
 I was expecting all connections with instrument . did not receive power cord or usb cable . Instructions on product was also not included
 I was anticipating a top level easy to use calculator for $ 113 ! But instead , I got a very bulky confusing piece of junk . I expected to take it out of the package and use it like the older calculators ; however , it is so complicated that I might as well use it as a doorstop . The instruction manual is absolutely abysmal . The display is something from the 1980s and it is very difficult to read . I do not recommend you buying this outdated , bulky , complicated piece of junk . It has tons of functions and if you have a semester to figure them all out , by all means go ahead and buy it . You really need to have a separate class just to figure this thing out . Make sure you use one first , before throwing your money away , I wish I never bought this thing .
 I paid for this product , and three days later the money was refunded to my account . Apparently they had sold the same calculator to two people , then sold out . I 'm sure the product was great as evidenced by it 's popularity , but it was rather irresponsible of the company to oversell . I needed the calculator for my math class at college and wasted three days waiting for it to show up .
 i bought the calculator to school , after countless times of plugging it to the computer and trying to send stuff , it diddnt work . What infuriated me the most was that after paying 110 dollars for the thing , texas instruments website didnt give me an answer .
 It took time to receive and it came damaged . The calculator only works if it is connected to a computer . I am trying to returne it .
 For just a few dollars more I could have gotten a better product at Walmart , with instructions and accessories instead of what I received which was n't worth the money .
 I was quite puzzled when I pulled the item out of the package.It had the tissue paper you use to decorate gifts wrapped around the inside and on the outside the oh so fabulous brown plastic bag.If you are sending something worth so much i recommend you change your packaging style.It looked very tacky and cheap.On top of that there were some rubber grip pieces missing from the bottom of the calculator . And in it 's place
 I received the TI-84 and replaced the batteries several times and it did not turn on either time , the description said `` like new '' and when I emailed them for a refund they ignored it and said that I was putting the batteries in wrong or i need to press the buttons harder , and they would replace it , even though I wished to be refunded so I could buy one that is actually `` like new '' . Pay an extra 5 bucks and buy from someone else .
 I ordered TI 84 plus graphing calculator but I did n't get it according to the estimated delivery . Apparently , one of the employees forgot to put in the order . But I learned about it few days later because I was tired of waiting for my order To arrive so i emailed them.They did n't spot it !!!! Then they were very slow in emailing me back , I had to constantly send them emails about inquiry of my order . Finally , they offered me replacement of my TI 84 plus graphing calculator , which was not even the same as what I ordered originally . Over all I could go on ... but I was soooo disappointed in EZCORP .
 The calculator came in poor condition , without original box and manual . Unlabeled CD for computer connection . The item was dirty definitly not like new .
 The TI-84plus is required for my daughter 's school . TI says it is both Mac and Windows compatible . It is not ! You can not install the required software using an Apple Macintosh running either Snow Leopard or Lion operating systems . TI support knows of the problem , and has no work around . Expensive paperweight !
 I never post bad reviews , but I was a little upset when I received the calculator and the `` Alpha '' button did not work . This was not in the description , and I am now in the process of having it repaired .
 I received it and then in the battery place there was all this kind of junk . The batteries were old . Ihad to clean the junk with aspoon in order to replace bateries . Overall is whay my title is .
 I was shopping on Ebay today for one of these and there was a noted review on every one of the listings that said if you are getting the `` yellow '' one , it has been stolen from a school . That these are school issued only to students , so if you see one it 's stolen from schools . Just passing this along . I have not verified .
 I ca n't believe my son 's middle school is making us spend over $ 100 on this calculator - a `` Required '' item for 6th GRADE !! Come on . Their reasoning is that they 'll use it all through high school . I 'll be surprised if he does n't lose it by November . -LRB- Sorry , just had to vent . -RRB-
 The low two stars are for the failure of TI to upgrade the software that allows connecting this calculator to a desktop computer . Specifically , if you have a newer Mac , then you will not be able to connect this calculator to it.This is annoying , as TI has not upgraded the Mac software since 2010 . It works for Mac OS 10.4 and 10.5 only ; it might work on some versions of 10.6 -LRB- it failed for 10.6.8 in my case -RRB- . But if you have a newer Mac running 10.7 or 10.8 then there is nothing you can do and you will not be able to back up data or programs that you use with this calculator.This is a shame for a product that is more or less a required purchase for most middle and high schoolers .
 When I purchased this product it was to replace my daughters calculator that had been stolen at school and we were desperate for a new one . While the product arrived when expected the product was not what we expected . This calculator was supposed to be in fairly good condition with some bumps and bruises but the physical condition of the case was terrible . The TI-84 cover was missing so the calculator turns on in my daughters backpack and the batteries die . There were deep gouges in the case of the calsulator with words , initials and names written around the keys . I bought a much better product at the local Goodwill store for 12.99 and feel I was overcharged for this product . Be careful if you purchase anything from this seller , it may not be what you think it is !
 Many reviews have focused on what the calculator can do , but that 's not all you should consider when buying something . Can something else do it better ? Can something else do it cheaper ? The answer to both of these questions is yes.So you probably know what this thing can do if you 've read the description or the other reviews . It can do all the standard scientific calculator stuff , it can graph functions and with some extra programs it can graph curves that are n't necessarily functions . It can numerically approximate integrals , derivatives , roots , etc. . You can create programs and it has financial applications , but I do n't know anything about them . It 's also portable , which is a nice benefit.The cons are a lack of a CAS , so there 's no algebraic integration , factoring , integrating , or solving differential equations to name a few . The resolution is low and there is no ability to do 3D graphs . But these cons are n't enough to warrant the low rating . The proliferation of laptops and FREE programs that perform all these functions and more is the reason.Did you know there 's a free graphing calculator with CAS called Geogebra that you can download ? It will do almost any calculation the TI-whatever will , it will graph everything with higher resolution , it will numerically and algebraically -LRB- if possible -RRB- calculate derivatives and integrals , and you can create applets with it . In case it seems like I 'm advertising Geogebra -LRB- which makes no sense because it 's free -RRB- , check out the new Wolfram Alpha site as well . Another free graphing calculator , among other things , with CAS , including matrix algebra and curve fitting . There are many more similar programs or sites available.Of course , if portability is your main concern and you do n't have a laptop , then a TI-84 is an option , but I ca n't think of any reason that a professional who needs a calculator would want this over what I just mentioned . In particular , I do n't know of any mathematician , engineer , or physicist -LRB- I only know a few anyway -RRB- who actually uses a TI . If they need quick calculations done , they 'll use a scientific calculator or for more advanced needs , something like Mathematica or Maple.This leaves the students and parents who are told that this calculator is a must-have , that it will be used throughout their entire career as a student . I 'm a high school math teacher . These are not necessary . A calculator may be necessary at times , but believe me , a scientific one will do just fine . Unfortunately , some AP tests deliberately put problems that require a numerical answer and ca n't be done by hand in any reasonable amount of time . If this applies to you , you may have to bite the bullet and get something like this . In the meantime , students and parents should be asking their schools why these outdated machines are used in place of better , cheaper options.Summary for the lazy
 I will admit up front that I am an HP RPN snob -- I 'm 46 years old and have been using RPN since I was a college student . So using ANY algebraic calculator is a bit of a challenge for me.That said , this calculator is required by nearly every student from 8th grade through college level classes and so I reluctantly plunked down the money and bought one of these for my son . I hate it and I personally wo n't use it . IF I have to use something that requires algebraic mode I use the HP 35s Scientific Calculator and this review is primarily in contrast to the HP 35S -LRB- it would be unfair to compare it to my trusty HP 15Cs since those long went the way of the dodo bird -RRB- . The TI is much heavier and bulkier than the HP 35-S . However , being made completely of cheap plastic and not having its own protective case , it is going to get clobbered in my son 's backpack -- which usually weighs a good 20 pounds on any given day . But he has to have it so what alternative does he have ... The keys are noisy and spongy compared to the HP -LRB- which has a nice soft and crisp `` tick '' sound -RRB- . I have a blue calculator -LRB- my son likes blue -RRB- and many of the labels are a lighter shade of blue printed on blue plastic -- what human factors genius came up with * that * one . You spend 5 minutes trying to read the button labels just trying to find the function you want.The TI is lacking many of the native `` math '' functions which make the HP so attractive . If you are doing statistics , doing permuations and combinations on the HP is a built in function . You can program them on the TI but that takes time and another level of skill that most students wo n't have.And while Algebraic calculators usually have the advantage of having the more intuitive '' = '' sign , this calculator does n't even have that going for it -- you have to hit < ENTER > just like an RPN calculator . If you want to have an algebraic mode calculator , great . But why make it as counter intuitive as an RPN calculator?The HP 35S , which does so much more from a functional standpoint , can operate in both RPN and Algebraic mode so you , in essence , get 2 calculators in one and much more flexibility.The upshot
 This calculator has pretty much everything in the world you would need from a calculator but why oh why did they leave out a fraction and mixed number buttons ?? The process to enter fractions is frustrating when you have to do it over and over and even the most basic calculators have these buttons . Even the simpler TI-34 has these buttons . It 's an omission of such a basic feature like this that looses stars from me . Otherwise it is a great device I just have no idea why something so basic and common is n't one of the buttons . If I was n't required to own it I would return it for a device with the same features but with the fraction buttons .
 I wanted a graphing calculator that would last me 3 more years of college so I payed a little more to get a used one that was in `` very good '' condition . What I got was a calculator with marker and pen marks all over it that acts like it was dropped from the 3rd floor of something . It only works when it wants to . It cost me 24 points on my first test because it quit working . I keep buying new batteries thinking it is the batts but lets be real . This calculator is crap ! By now I could have purchased a brand new one . Wish I would have ...
 I ordered the TI-84 . It came with a Caculator , batteries , two connector wires , but a BLANK software CD . I am very dissapointed with my purchase due to the fact that the cd was blank . Do they not think i need to connect my calcualtor to the computer ? Well now i cant thanks alot . i didnt spend 80 dollars for nothing .
 5.8 GHz phones are out of date . If you have n't tried the new DECT 6.0 phones , you 're missing out . They are so much lighter , have superior range , call quality , battery life and no interference.Also , I did n't like having my phone tied to a single voip provider , Vonage.Some better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- phone options are the Vtech 1 or 2 line DECT 6.0 phones.And there are even some cordless voip phone systems that can handle 3 or more lines , like the Panasonic KXTGP series and the SNOM M9.Best of all , these phones and more all work with a voip provider -LRB- voiSip -RRB- , who allows multiple lines at no extra charge . Just buy whatever phone system you need , and select a minute plan that fits your usage .
 I just purchased this phone with the intent to set it up with my existing 2 Vonage phone lines . I have one line for personal use , and one line for business . It is important that I be able to access both lines from my phone and cordless handset , which is why I wanted this system . I was extremely dissapointed to discover that the phone ca n't actually access line 2 , you have to plug in a separate phone to a jack in the back of this phone . That 's fine if you want to plug in a fax , but does n't make any sense if you intend to use this phone as a true 2-line phone . I 'm returning it first thing tomorrow morning , and will be searching for a new system .
 I believe this telephone is out of production now . The most appealing feature of this telephone was the very clear nature of the analog sound this telephone provides and the ergonomic shape of the hand piece . Another feature was the actual tape for the answering machine -LRB- We wanted the ability to keep messages that had particularly sentimental value -RRB- . The seller provided the information `` used , very good condition , original box and instructions included . '' This indicated that the phone was as advertised
 This product is inferior to the original HP brochure paper . Is is NOT bright white and it squeeks when folded . It works ... but ... I will look for another brand once this is gone .
 Too light for its price . Good looking pen , but when you hold it in your hand , it feels like a 9.99 pen .
 I think the paper is good but it must be A4 size paper -LRB- NOT Letter size -RRB- .
 Although it is stated plainly on the front of each package of labels -LRB- Will not life or peel -RRB- , these labels do lift , I 'm guessing from the movement of air created as a disc spins inside any machine , causing the edge of labels to lift . If your disc sits inside a drawer or a front cover can be lifted to insert or remove a disc , there is less problem . If your disc is inserted into a slot -LRB- car CD players or my Bose system -RRB- and that edge lifts , it will be near impossible to eject the CD . Such was my problem ; I had to have someone remove the front panel in our van , retrieve the discs from the player , only to find that not being able to eject the affected disc had also damaged the drop down mechanism as each of six discs was to play . I called Avery Dennison at one time , spoke to someone in , perhaps , India ; `` Oh , no , we 've had no reported problems . '' Instead they sent me a package of the CD labels . I wrote to the company , received two additional packages of labels in response to my letter . So , after a new disc player was installed in our van , I packed all unused lables , the unopened packages of labels , the applicator and any receipts I could find , including for installation and purchase of a new disc player , copied all of those receipts , and sent them back to the company . I 'll be waiting to see just what action , if any , they take . There is a new program , LightScribe , for labeling discs that works with the same mechanism used to burn CDs . This sounds preferable to affixing any labels in the future
 These labels are thin and flimsy and tear easily . Moreover , they are not precise . They fit loosely on a standard labeling machine 's small spindle , and the result is a sloppy looking , off-center label . To add insult to injury , Avery has a template on the Website for the 8960 label , but the actual label sheet directs you to use either of two template numbers , neither of which is 8960 . I checked the Avery site , and the numbers are for templates that have nothing to do with this label.Neato labels are more substantial and precise . Unfortunately , Neato does n't make the `` full '' DVD label with the small hole , so I guess the only solution is to go back to their CD-style big hole label .
 Compared to other labels -LRB- Memorex -RRB- these seem extremely thin and flimsy . They 're also a pain to peel off after they 're printed . But the worst part - if you print one of the two lables , use the one you printed , then try to use the same template for another printout , BE CAREFUL !! When it went through my printer some of the sticky parts of the template shredded around parts of my printer , mainly in the paper feed and I had to perform SURGERY to get all the tiny pieces out . My printer still is n't the same , I could n't get all the glue off some of the rollers . I highly recommend AGAINST this product !!!
 1st of all I suppose to receive the product on the 7th of Dec. . I just received today the 29th of Dec. 2nd every time I print the content does not print on the exact circle and always have a little bit hanging out which ruin the printed cover I used the 8931 which is equivalent to the 8960 because I could n't find the 8960 at all.Generally guys it was the worst thing I 've ever bought through the internet
 So , I have a mac and a pc ... there is NO way to get an easy format to create these labels . Avery has really missed the boat with these ... essentially , they are useless.They tell you to use template 5931 , which can not be found on the mac anywhere -LRB- MS Word does not have this template , surprise -RRB- and even on my pc , I am having issues with it . This process should take about 5-10 minutes from beginning to end . It 's now over 45 and I can not even get an Avery template to work with.I 'm so frustrated . Avery is horrible . There has to be an easier way ... what a total waste of time and energy to print up CD labels . This should be an EASY process ... it 's a total nightmare.Avery really needs to make this much more user friendly ... we 're not all computer whizzes ! Although the physical labels might be made well , I 'll never know because I have no way to print on them ... Too frustrating!UPDATE
 These stick very well but do not look professional on the discs these are great if you are just going to use them at home not business use
 I 'm sure the labels are wonderful , but please be aware that they have a destructive impact on your cdr 's . The glue , the ink from your printer perhaps , the labels not being perfectly centered - all cause problems . I 've been labelling some of my cdrs for 10 years now , and the older labelled ones have become unplayable
 The tabs these labels have to ` make application easier ' are terrible . They do not come off easily and end up leaving torn places on the labels . After this batch , I 'll buy something else !
 If you have anything other then the Avery Applicator this product will not be easy to work with . The tabs do n't always remove easily and does not line up with a Memorex or generic applicator . These are different from the Avery CD labels I bought from Amazon just 3 weeks ago . Not to mention they are WAY overpriced .
 This was almost impossible to assemble I needed tools I did have Even though it looks good in the photo . Do not buy .
 This printer is wonderful . I have n't one negative remark concerning the functionality of the machine . I am warning about this purchase because to replace the cartridge is $ 85 upwards . Obviously , half the price of the `` copier '' is the `` cartridge enclosed . ''
 This copier showed a lot of promise when I ordered it . When it arrived , I was impressed by its small , efficient looking , size and was very eager to test it . Unfortunately , I received an error message that paper was stuck before it accepted any paper . Upon opening the cartridge chamber , I discovered a small plastic piece that was dislodged . I placed it in its container . The error message went off and I again attempted to test it . The piece dislodged again and the cycle was repeated . So , the copy machine , purchased new , may be a good one for my purposes , but I wo n't find that out till I repair it , since the seller ignores everything .
 After setup per the instructions , copies were very light . Tried adjustments allowed by copier but no improvement . Removed toner cartridge and shook it side-to-side ... that resulted in copies a little darker but still not acceptable . Conclusion
 I 'm not sure what all the other reviewers are thinking but this is n't worth $ 5 . Make sure you examine before you put it together because it says it can not be separated to return . It is made of cheap metal . The bottom piece is all warped and distorted , more like an oval then a circle . It wobbles and is n't sturdy at all . I can not believe this is carried by good stores like crate and barrel . Do not but this . Do n't even accept it for free . Run away . I tried to warn you .
 I bought this stool for looks and functionality . Sadly it completely failed in the looks department . I dont know if amazon shipped me an old model but the blue pictured , shiny and almost teal looking is not what arrived . A navy plastic looking stool is what I received . Very disappointing .
 Too big for elderly mum 's kitchen . She needs a stable one step stool . I may use it in my shop . The quality is great .
 I do n't know where all of these great reviews are coming from , because the wheels on this thing are terrible . The rest of it is fine , but do n't expect to move this around with your foot . You 'll have to pick it up to move it . Another problem is that once you put it together , it ca n't be dismantled -LRB- pieces of metal have to be bent as you snap it together -RRB- , making returns extremely difficult . You 'll have to return the whole thing assembled , versus in two parts , and the box is n't big enough for that.The instructions read
 Although this binder is indeed `` easy-open '' , it opens while I 'm turning multiple pages of my coupon binder so that they pull out of the rings . Also the rings are n't aligned well so it 's very difficult to turn pages , as I have to tug them over the gap . Frustrating ! I 'm sad to have to be returning my first Amazon order ever . I 'll find a different binder that has significant spring-action upon closure so that it will stay closed while I look through it .
 Although this binder is indeed `` easy-open '' , it opens while I 'm turning multiple pages of my coupon binder so that they pull out of the rings . Also the rings are n't aligned well so it 's very difficult to turn pages , as I have to tug them over the gap . Frustrating ! I 'm sad to have to be returning my first Amazon order ever . I 'll find a different binder that has significant spring-action upon closure so that it will stay closed while I look through it .
 The item # 7531/3 that arrived is not the same as the previous incarnation of the same item number . The file material is noticibly thinner . I 'm all for saving the trees . However , we have a representation problem here . Pendaflex should have changed the item number to reflect that is different from the original 7531/3 . I will not order this product again . The box the folders were in burst during shipment and a number of the files tabs got crumpled . Anybody who wants a strong folder that will hold up to reasonable wear and tear should order the heavy weight folders from Staples .
 It doesnt have any functions I use on a daily basis . It has OLD NEC code ... why ? Why would I want to calculate something that isnt allowed any more ? I havent used this even for power factor , which is more difficult to calculate than on my $ 12 Texas Instruments TI30X calculator ... cosine angle theta = pF 4 keystrokes on my TI
 I found it very hard to understand and use , looking to return for a refund . This product should include a dvd or a better written out handbook with better illustrated examples .
 Like the other reviewers have been saying about Lextra mouse rugs , they are very nice looking but my laser mouse tracks poorly on it . I get better tracking on the tall carpet in my room ...
 We ordered this door stop near the end of summer of 2011 , as our office 's door stop had finally given out after several years of faithful service.This doorstop was markedly inferior . The traction on the bottom of the stopper was not sufficient to keep a heavy door propped open on its own , which is disappointing given the size and bulk of the stopper.But the real disappointment came after several months , when the stopper itself began to crack and break . By the end of January , the doorstop had broken in half . Our prior doorstop lasted five YEARS before it finally gave up the ghost.Between the traction problems and the break , I ca n't recommend this doorstop to anyone .
 The doors I use this wedge on have wide and narrow gaps at the bottom and are spring loaded to close . I thought that the larger size would be able to handle them all . What I found was that in a lot of cases the door would still creep closed . This was on smooth surfaced floors . Often times I would try to force it farther up the wedge but the rubber ribs prevented any further positioning , so the wedge did n't have the downward force necessary to hold the door .
 While the Olympia OL5800 is packed with features and style , when it comes to function this phone fails . The Olympia 's switch out earpiece plates block most of the ear speaker causing the volume to be extremely low even when using the phone 's loudest setting . Further , for those who like to cradle the phone on their neck , the Olympia is designed in a way which makes this almost imposible . While it looks great -- the Olympia is not functional .
 This phone worked fine for eight months until the charging unit suddenly quit working . The manual gives a phone number for a customer service help desk -- but the problem with that is , the number is always , always , always busy . Not even a `` Your call is very important to us '' or `` Please leave a message '' recording . Just BUSY.This phone comes with a one-year warranty , but the company -LRB- `` Wave Industries '' -RRB- wo n't accept returns without a return authorization number -- which can be obtained only through the customer service number . And there is no other contact information . After three weeks with no cordless phone and no access to the `` help '' desk , I gave up and bought a new phone . An AT&T ; .
 Dont buy this phone . I usually have a very hard time listening to the person on the line . I got this phone from fry 's as it was cheap after mail in rebate & I regret my decision now .
 Features & range are good , but the handsets occasionally lose connection with the base unit . Very annoying to miss words during phone conversations . Phone is OK for casual use , but not 100 % reliable . AT&T helpdesk blames interference from neighbors ' 2.4 GHZ devices . What am I supposed to do ? ask my neighbors to shut off their wireless equipment ? DO N'T BUY .
 We have had the unit for about one year . We mostly use the handheld unit located in our kitchen . The phone comes with 3 handheld units . We have rotated through all 3 units in our kitchen and are now on our last handheld unit because you can not dial from the other 2 anymore . No matter how hard you push on the button , they will not dial anymore . We are now , after only 1 year , in the process of buying a new phone . Each handset would only dial for about 3-4 months and then break completely . Horrible Horrible aweful product !!!!!
 The buttons quit working after a short while . I took the phones apart , and cleaned the contacts . That worked for a short while , but they quit again .
 This product claims to fit any size drawer for a desk . However , this is not true , the `` adjustable '' part is the long bar , which if this bar does n't fit , then the whole product does n't fit . This product is misleading , so make sure you have a drawer longer than 20 inches , or this bar will not fit .
 This is from a woman 's point of view . This is a horrible product and I would never recommend it . The rail that has the notches ... and you are just suppose to be able to break is absolutely ridiculous , I had to take the rails to a neighbor MAN and I thought he would never be able to snap them to the correct length . He ended up having to use a chisel and a hammer to get them off so IT IS N'T EASY TO DO . I still have n't been able to put the frames together . I would NEVER , NEVER buy this product .
 I received a second hand filing cabinet after a friend got one from her former co-worker and gave it to me . I soon found out that the filing cabinet did n't have any hangers , so I went out in search of them and found these . Sounds simple enough , right ? First off , the bars were too long for my filing cabinet . I ended up just bending the bars in order to fit , as I do n't have the tools in my house to fully cut them . It was kind of scary how easily those bars bend , and make me a bit worried.Second , as I was attempting to put them together , one of the metal pieces that hold the hanging bars up in the air broke off -LRB- the part that is grooved to hold the bars -RRB- , forcing me to use another set -LRB- I bought the set that , thankfully , came with four , and I only needed two -RRB- . The metal was so cheap , as I mentioned above , that it just simply snapped on me.After an HOUR of assembly , I finally was able to install it into my cabinet . They 're a bit crooked , but do their job . Thankfully I only use it for home filing and I do n't have terribly much to file so not a lot of weight is on the cheap bars . So for now , it 's doing it 's job , which is why I gave it two stars and not one.I am seriously thinking of taking these things back to the store though -LRB- hopefully the store I went to can take them back , as my receipt flew away in 60 MPH wind ... -RRB- I would not suggest these , due to how easily I could bend the metal .
 Let me first begin by stating that my problems with the product are related to Smead , and not to Amazon . When removed from their packaging , the metal parts were filthy dirty . I wiped them down several times with wet paper towels and they still required me to wash my hands five or six times during the process of getting them to fit in my file cabinet . The only comparison I can make to their dirtiness is if you have ever run your hands over a shower curtain rod that has n't been cleaned in years , and all the dirt that comes off takes awhile to get clean . Because you are forced to use your hands to put these frames together , your hands will get dirty even after you have wiped them down . Smead should clean these frames before packaging them .
 These frames are scored alright . If you 're a body builder or the Hulk then you can snap them in half . You need a hack saw to saw thru them and for a letter size cabinet they are way too long and the scoring does not go down that far . I had to take them to Home Depot and have them cut . I do n't do power tools and I would saw my hand off trying to do it myself . They are a pain in the butt .
 This was supposed to be 2 frames , there were only 3 side bars in the package , making it impossible to have 2 frames !
 `` Robert Redford ... got snookered badly '' in this movie ? What about Debra Winger ? She is too good for this film , and the behind-the-scenes friction between her and Redford are only noticeable on-screen because of him . As usual , Debra 's a pro . The movie is totally mediocre , though , even for a light-weight comedy . And what 's up with Daryl Hannah ? I was only a kid back in the 80 's , so I do n't remember . Was that woman actually taken seriously?Anyhow , if you 're a serious fan of any of the actors involved , you may enjoy this . Otherwise , do n't do it .
 If you 're an insomniac ... I 've found the cure !
 I found this film to be cute . It was also entertaining . I like Robert Redford and that is primarily why I saw the film .
 `` Robert Redford ... got snookered badly '' in this movie ? What about Debra Winger ? She is too good for this film , and the behind-the-scenes friction between her and Redford are only noticeable on-screen because of him . As usual , Debra 's a pro . The movie is totally mediocre , though , even for a light-weight comedy . And what 's up with Daryl Hannah ? I was only a kid back in the 80 's , so I do n't remember . Was that woman actually taken seriously?Anyhow , if you 're a serious fan of any of the actors involved , you may enjoy this . Otherwise , do n't do it .
 One of my favorite oldie movies , this disk is too dated and needs ehanced re-coloring and much crisper quality . I 'd wait for a NEW RE-RELEASE if it ever comes .
 I 've had this pouch for a little over three weeks . Today , while pulling out the binder from my briefcase , I noticed the pouch 's bottom seam has ripped open -LRB- meaning the pens/pencils will fall out -RRB- . Fairly disappointed with this - I was n't planning on having to ghetto-rig it with packing tape -LRB- yet -RRB- . The photograph shown with the product description is holding much more than my actual pouch is holding - so needless to say , I 'm disappointed .
 The end edge tore out in first week without a reason . There was no undue strain because of overfilling or uneven pressure .
 I bought this product for a young relative of mine . I did not even bother send it to her and actually returned it after a couple of days of trying it out . The product itself is very flimsy and not intuitive to use , but what really made me return it is the `` speaking '' part . If you are lucky to find a work that the machine will actually speak out , the sound quality of the voice is absolutely horrible . I had my wife sitting right next to me and I asked her to try to identify some of the words I had the machine speak out , she could not guess even one of them . Also , the actual definitions that come out for some of the words are really bad . Over all , it 's not worth the money .
 Although this phone had the features I THOUGHT I wanted -LRB- 4 mailboxes each having the ability to receord their own outgoing messages -RRB- the static and the lack of clarity in the recording makes it worthless .
 This product does have a 4 mailbox system but the overall quality is very poor .
 Tricky to operate , fair results , batteries drain if left in even with unit off . Not recommended .
 Although it 's a nice little book with lots of lovely pictures , this is not a useful reference for collectors . It gives some nice background on several -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- well-known manufacturers , and lists some of their current offerings . But as far as a rundown on many more models , do n't look here . Pricing is extremely vague -- more like movie ratings , with one to five stars showing the range of prices for current models . The index is terrible -- hardly anything there , the table of contents lists only the major sections of the book , not each subdivision of individual manufacturers , and there are no useful running headers or footers to help you know what section you 're in when flipping through the book . The pocket size is deceptive in that it really is n't a pocket reference . More of a mini coffee table book . Buy it if you already own a decent reference and like the idea of having a little book with pretty pictures in it .
 Item never received , sent via UPS , never notified that it was at UPS office , seller sent UPS , when in fact as a business owner , they should know that UPS does not delivery to Post Office Boxes ! I was disappointed , want to give this as a gift to someone and ended up having to buy elsewhere because I never received it . VERY POOR CUSOMTER SERVICE !
 You get what you pay for . It 's Lexmark , so it 's inexpensive and not so great quality . And I 'm using Lexmark ink with it . Does n't dry quickly , and the quality of the print is n't that great . I 'm going back to HP for my next paper/printer combo .
 I bought this product because I was tired of using boring matte labels , and because I thought their slick surface might make them less likely to peel . Well , I have n't had any of them peel , but I 'm back to using matte labels . You almost have to have a high-resolution photo quality printer to get a good image on this glossy surface . Experiment if you want , but unless you 're a commercial user , this may be beyond your capability and need .
 Just what I needed . This same notebook twenty years ago lasted me for 15 years . However this new cheaper model only last a year or two without cracking and beginning to fall apart . Obviously outsourced there is no other manufacturer I 'm aware of that makes this size . Hence , this is okay , but not the former quality .
 Not usable ... adhesive so strong that they are ruined trying to peel off the paper they came on ... also I thought I was getting white as pictured -LRB- i see now that is says black in the description -RRB- ... low enough price that I am not bothering to return or contact seller unless they choose to contact me after seeing this review .
 I needed a cheap phone . I got one . Had to return for a refund since it would not power on . Amazon shipped it in a reasonable amount of time and refunded the shipping since GE sucks .
 I have one of these which failed after light use . There is a little control board , for which I can find no information , that handles the sensors and the power switching . That board has quit doing its job on the one I have . It is awkward to work on and unnecessarily complex in that it could probably be replaced with a couple of switches and do about as well for a much longer time.Recently I called Royal 's spare parts dept and found the people there helpful . I ordered a replacement control board -LRB- at a price of about $ 14 -RRB- but have n't installed it as yet since it is dissimilar from the one that came with the shredder . I 'll see how that develops .
 As is mentioned by several other reviewers , the shredder is very loud . Recently , the auto-stop function stopped working . The warranty wo n't help as labor coverage is good only 90 days after purchase . So , I guess we 'll have to live with it . I 'd recommend buying something else .
 Buy this machine . It is so loud . Way too loud . I am curious as to how many decibels it produces . I purchased it thinking it would be a great addition for my small office . However , I am taking it back to the store tomorrow . It is just way too loud for my ears . We have another shredder from the 90s that is n't as loud as this one . I would have thought the technology would have changed in the last 10 years to make these machines quieter.Also , if you put 10 sheets of the thinnest paper in it , it makes a garbling noise like its not quite going to make it.I do find the credit card shredder feature interesting , though I have n't tried it out.I have had this machine for less than a day and I am returning it tomorrow to find something that is quieter .
 I have had this unit for about a year with not too many problems except as mentioned ... 10 sheets ... NOT !!! I was using this to of all things , shred paper ... HMMMM too much I think ! I heard a loud pop sound and fire shot right out of the top and singed the hair on my arm and also caught the shredded paper in the bin on fire !!! I had to run it outside and douse it with the hose . BE VERY CAUTIOUS WITH THIS UNIT !!! WOULD NOT AND WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE ... UNLESS YOU HAVE REALLY GOOD HOME INSURANCE AND WANT TO MAKE USE OF IT !
 My Royal shredder also wo n't auto-shutoff anymore and can not be left on because it has started all by itself and run until discovered . Seems like a very dangerous fire hazard to me .
 Royal VF1000MX is a medium to compact size shredder for home or office . This unit is multi - purpose and is capable of shredding paper and other items , like CD 's and credit cards . It features crosscut action , slicing papers and various forms of media lengthwise and then sideways , making it tougher to piece the shredded material back together.The cutting action of this shredder is ok , even if not the best on the market . But there are still a few things about this shredder that I find less than ideal . First of all , the receptacle that holds the cut up paper is n't very large and it fills very quickly . There is a small window on the front that you can glance at from time to time to see if the level is too high . The problem is , since this shredder usually sits on the floor , you tend not to notice the level in the window . And if it overfills , the shredder will not accept any more paper . To add to the problem , removing the receptacle when it 's overfilled with shredded paper creates a huge mess because the clippings spill out quickly , before you can catch them.This shredder is also a little less durable than other makes . The one I use has begun to malfunction after just 18 months of use . The problem is that it no longer shuts off automatically following the shredding of a piece of paper . With the setting on `` auto '' , this is how it is supposed to work . Now , I have to manually move the switch to `` off '' or it will not stop.Other problems with this shredder include overloading and excessive noise . Royal claims this shredder is capable of handling up to ten sheets of paper at a time , but the company must be referring to tissue paper , because if I attempt to cram ten sheets into the opening , it makes an agonizing noise , overloads itself , and the blades stop turning . At this point , you have to move the switch to reverse to get the paper out , separate into smaller piles , and try again . It is also very noisy for a shredder its size , producing a loud grinding noise that makes it impossible to talk on the telephone within ten feet of the device.If you need a shredder for small jobs in the home or office , this shredder might be adequate . But for a large office where many people need a shredder , this device is impractical . It can not handle larger loads and frequent use for very long .
 I have purchased four of these shredders for home and small business office use . Overall they work great but with a little bit of noisy operation . Now however I find that two of the four have developed the same problem . The units will not auto shut off . My office unit started by itself on a weekend when I was n't around . Monday morning I had a hot and smelly unit greet me . I will probably not buy one of these again !
 AFTER USING THIS SHREDDER FOR A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME , IT WILL NOT SHUT OFF AUTOMATICALLY . IT JUST KEEPS RUNNING UNTIL I SHUT IT OFF MANUALLY . IT ALSO JAMS EASILY .
 I bought this shredder and after only a few months , I could only shred a sheet at a time . If I try to shred more than a sheet at a time , it either jams , overloads or jams . If you have a lot to shred this can take hours . It does shred into small pieces , but the time it takes , is not good .
 I 've only had the shredder for a few days , and I 'm returning it . It can only handle a few sheets at a time , the motor is very load , it seems to struggle a lot , and the paper jams up on the discharge side . Its a poor built product .
 I was displeased with the item as well as my fellow co-workers . While we wanted a large dry erase board to plot out our mental thinking , we did not want something super flimsy and thin . THe price was right but the quality was crap . Packaging also was subpar and the dry erase board is practically bent at a 45 degree angle from shipping ... try hanging that on the wall !
 I ordered this board because I thought it was a great deal and it had received nearly all five star reviews . I was extremely disappointed when I opened the packaging and immediately noticed that the board was warped . I thought maybe it would straighten out when it was sitting on the screws in the wall , so I proceeding to follow the directions and I put the board up . It did not straighten out . I then contacted Amazon and they agreed to send me a new one because the first one had a manufacturer defect . The second board arrived today and again I was disappointed , it was also warped . It was a little less than the first one , but still it would not lay flat on the wall . I would not recommend this board to anyone , it is poorly made and it will leave you disappointed . I ended up purchasing a board elsewhere , at a more expensive price , but of much better quality .
 The board was already badly fractured when it arrived at my home . I did n't even need to open a whole seal-tape to see that . So I returned it the next day -LRB- luckily the refund came smoothly without hassle -RRB- . Because of its apparently poor quality , I do n't recommend this product .
 Bent , broken , useless , 10 hoops to jump through to get a replacement . Cheap foam packing leaves white particles all over the carpet that is an additional pain to clean .
 I failed to listen to the people saying they got this product damaged.Ordered mine , even paid the $ 4 additional as a Prime member to get it overnight . Still when I got it the box was bent over quite a bit and a hole through the box . Opened it up to see the board cracked all the way through.The packaging is horrible to say the least . The box is made of quite thin cardboard and there is no support to protect the board , so if it gets pressure the board is what has o support the pressure . There is no reinforcement on the packaging . Extremely poor packaging .
 I ordered this for the price -- substantially less expensive for this dimension of white board than I 've found elsewhere . The board itself appears very flimsy . It was bent and had a large puncture hole in it when I received it . However , the surface of the board appears like it will write well and if I can manage to get it delivered without a puncture hole in it , I can deal with the flimsiness . I 've returned it and ordered another one .
 I bought a couple of these boards for use at the office . The arrived very quickly but all of them were warped and had to be secured to the wall with mirror clips just so they would remain flat and not curl up from the wall . For what they are , they work ok , they 're big and cheap . However , I have had them for a week or two and they 're already starting to not fully erase . I would not use any color markers on these boards or leave anything on them for an extended period of time . Make sure you erase frequently and have a big bottle of white board cleaner.I would not recommend this product , spend a little more and get a higher quality board .
 This seems like a nice board . It 's large , very inexpensive , and includes a small tray . The materials are fairly cheap , it flexes a lot , but I do n't think this will matter when mounted . The package included a mounting kit with template . Like many other people noted in their reviews mine arrived damaged . I would give the board 3 stars , maybe 4 given the price , but I really ca n't given the damaged product I got . The corner of the package was clearly compressed from being dropped and inside the aluminum frame was bent . It 's still usable but I do n't think I should have to put up with this given the clear problem this company has with shipping this item . They should improve their packaging for sure . I 'll post an update to this review when I hear back from the company .
 I just got it 10 minutes ago . It 's badly damaged !!! I have to waste my time to call the company and have to waste more time to print out some lable and schedule with FEDEX to pick it up . Just feel totally waste my time and money .
 I was very excited to get this large of a board for a fraction of the price that I saw in Office Depot , etc. , however upon receipt of this item , I realized why it was so cheap . The board is warped on all four sides and will not lie flat against the wall , no matter how many screws/nails I used to try to attach it.The seller also took a very long time in responding to my questions and request for cancellation . In fact , they only replied to my request for cancellation three days after it was shipped.Horrible board , poor quality , and weak customer service . If I could give it a 0 star or negative star I would . Do not purchase this product
 This board was great for about 2 months , and then suddenly warped to the point where the bottom right corner actually bent out from the wall about 10 inches . The back is made of cardboard , so the overall product is flimsy . I am throwing it away today , and I am going to replace it with a higher quality board . This product is definitely not a good choice .
 I should have heeded the other 's reviews . The item was packaged very poorly and arrived with a hole through the cardboard and the dry erase board . Had very prompt response from the seller when I informed them of it , however , I had to contact them repeatedly to get my refund . Finally received my refund .
 Was very happy with this board , and marks erase cleanly without staining . However , the board has now warped badly and is unusable . Should probably upgrade to a better one .
 As soon as , I started writing on the board , I found a lot of cracks and small holes all over the board . Moreover , the board is poorly made and hard to install . I do not recommend this board .
 I disregarded other people 's reviews on the packaging . Board arrived - packaging was open on one side - board was cracked in half showing cork insides . Board was very flimsy so not surprised it cracked on shipping . Major annoyance factor . Will be looking for a good alternative and may just try staples at this point . Worst amazon experience in three years .
 The packaging was as bad as the other reviews indicate . The box was damaged , the packing material had shifted in transit , and the board was broken . I would not recommend purchase .
 When it arrived , it was in a very thin box . I then opened the box , finding that the board was bent inward at the top corner . Because the board is very flimsy , I was able to bend it back into place . I then proceeded to installing it on the wall , which went pretty well . A day later , I noticed a chip where the paint had cracked off and left a black spot . Later on that same day , a sticky part on the side of one of my markers from where a piece of tape had formally been brushed against the board , taking the paint with it ! So now , I have come to the conclusion that the board is very poorly made , flimsy , and I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone . I will be contacting the seller for a refund .
 The white board arrived in a box that was very dinged up . Upon opening the board was warped such that it does n't hang flat on the wall . There is also a small crack in the board towards the bottom left hand corner.As for the white board itself , it 's a decent product . Just the right size for my small home office . Mounting was a snap thanks to the included printed template and mounting hardware . Has a small tray on the bottom for storing your markers , though it 's not quite wide enough for an eraser unless you balance it just so .
 I ca n't review a product I have yet received . The only comment I can share at this time , is that I have not been able to track my order .
 Very very flimsy and mine arrived with a dent in the top left corner that I have covered with a post-it note . You are getting what you are paying for , so I 'm not complaining too much . It 's a good price for that big of a dry erase board , and it erases well and does n't leave marks . Just hope yours does n't come with TOO big of a crack !
 I purchased this white board in hopes that mine would arrive undamaged . I read through the reviews and noticed that several had arrived damaged . When ours arrived , I noticed one hole about 2 inched by 1 inch in the package . The package was pretty flimsy . There were styrofoam corner protectors and a plastic bag over the actual board . However , there is not enough to protect the actual board area and prevent punctures.When I opened the package there was a break/crack in the white side finish of the board about the same size at the hole in the box -LRB- located about 6 inches from the edge -RRB- . The board was also warped/bent in that area along the edge . We had to use mirror hangers to hold down the warped area , but when hanging the board , you definitely need to plan on purchasing additional hanging pieces anyway . The board only hangs on the 2 inserts in the top corners so the board flops around when you are writing on it.As far as the company that sold me the product , I called the company , and they said that they would send me a packaging return slip so that I could return the product free of charge and either have it replaced or get my money back . There were very nice to talk to and willing to work with me to remedy the issue . However , I told her that I would just keep it at this point . I needed the board for school and did not want to have to go through waiting for another one . She told me that if I change my mind , I could call them back within the first 30 days and return it.The shipping time was great . It came via UPS and arrived within 3-4 days of my order . As far as the board , it is a very thin board . It works fine and erases alright . I did have to get the white board cleaner in order to clean it . The surface of the board is not completely smooth . It has a slight texture to it , but nothing that is incredibly noticeable . I suggest that you not put any tape on the board if you plan on taking it off because it will pull off the finish.The size is great for the money , but I have to say that I would not purchase the board again based on the chance of it arriving damaged . I do not think the packaging is sturdy enough for this flimsy of a board to be shipped . It definitely needs a better packaging .
 First shipemnt arrived box and dry rease board badly damaged . I decided UPS was to blame and ordered a replacment rather than refund . Amazon picked up shipping costs.Second shipment arrived packaging ok but board bent and cracked so returning again.Will go to local store and buy rather than go through any more shipping hassles.Unless packging is improved I would not waste your time with this .
 We have purchased two of the 48x36 Dry Erase Boards and have received both boards with damage . With our first purchase , the board has bowed , had a bend in the lip of the board where the markers go and there is a 11/2 inch crack on the dry erase part , but the board is still useable . However , the second board we received was more damaged than the first . It had a significant bow in it , the lip had damage and there was about a 3 inch crack on the dry erase part and we have since returned that board and have asked for a refund . At this point we will no longer purchase dry erase boards from Amazon because the packing of the items has been significantly sub-par and we keep receiving our items damaged . We do understand that Amazon is only a third party and most of it and they may not be at fault , but if this is the kind of service we will keep receiving we are going to take our business elsewhere . Thank you .
 I knew I was taking a chance ordering this item after reading all the other reviews . It arrived in a single flimsy box that had multiple holes in it . The tape job was so poor that the board slid out as soon as I brought it inside . I realize that based on the price , this is n't the best quality board out there , but if they just packaged it correctly it would be fine . Mine arrived cracked in two places , bent and with a dirty piece of tape on the board that pulled the coating off when I removed it . Overall , I was very disappointed . Thankfully , I did n't have any issues with the return - just boxed it back up and UPS is going to pick it up tomorrow . I guess you get what you pay for in this case . : -LRB-
 This product arrived in a badly beaten up box and when I opened it up the white board was warped in many places and the aluminium pen holder was bent out of shape . Inside the flimsy cardboard there is a very small amount of styrofoam along the edges of the whiteboard , and that 's it . If something pierces the cardboard its going to hit the board that 's pretty much guaranteed . The other reviews are either brilliant or like mine , so if you are purchasing this board then you have a 50/50 chance of it arriving broken or pristine , it might also help to look how far the package is shipping because that will increase the likelihood that it will be damaged in transit . But if you do decide to order the whiteboard and it does come damaged the company seems to have a very good refund policy . So buy it if you have time to send it back , but if you need it tomorrow go somewhere else .
 I originally wanted the magnetic version of this whiteboard but stayed away from it because of negative reviews . Here 's a link to that one : Universal 43734 - Magnetic Dry Erase Board , Melamine , 48 x 36 , White , Aluminum/Plastic FrameWhile heeding to other 's reviews on that magnetic whiteboard I still ended up on the losing end with this purchase.I do not place blame on the company that manufactures these boards as much as on the company who 's selling and shipping them . Unless , of course , these items are shipped boxed to the seller/distributor and they just forward it on to the buyer - in which case they both deserve bad reviews for lack of quality control/assurance . The UPS man , a terribly nice individual , arrived yesterday afternoon at my home . At first glance , the packaging looked fine . There was one small dent in the box , but upon opening the box and further inspection , that small dent left no damage in the corresponding area on the whiteboard - fine . Although that one spot on the packaging proved to be the least of my worries , as I pulled the whiteboard out of the box I saw the edges were completely warped , both at the top and bottom . The tray that 's meant to hold your eraser and dry-erase markers was completely warped on one end.I immediately told the kind UPS delivery man I was not accepting this package.The board itself was flimsy and I was n't too fond of its back panel , although it was expected at this price range . It would have sufficed had no warping been present . The two-star rating was given for delivering a defective item as there was no sign on the box the warping had been caused by shipping.I ended up walking to Staples and purchased a Quartet dry-erase board that was a lot sturdier and more rigid than this one . It was cheaper , also .
 My board is warped and curling off the wall in the second day I had it hung ! I suppose if I could mount it on the lower corners that would solve the matter -- but really ? No cool . But at least its cheap .
 I rarely write reviews but after going through 6 of these boards which were either damaged via shipment -LRB- poor packaging -RRB- or warped within a few hours after hanging - I felt compelled . Do n't waste your time - buy a more expensive dry erase board .
 In reading the other reviews I was concerned about damage during shipment , but figured it had been awhile so they must have done something about it . Nope . The package was stove in near the middle and the whiteboard looked like it had been punched . I will return it . Too bad , it was a decent whiteboard for the money .
 The board was damaged when received , and it is buckled in the middle . I am going to have to force it to lay flat on the wall . not happy with this product
 Received the board within 4 days . Board was damaged . Called CSR ; they said they will send me a new one , and send me return shipping info . One week later I called , they said they will take care of it ... this time I can keep my old board , they will just send a new , undamaged one . One week later I had to call again , and they will send the order was never put in , or accepted , or whatever ... finally I received the undamaged board . Scenario was a pain due to unskilled or uncaring CSR . The board is cheap , I got exactly what I was looking for ... BUT the CSR was poor . Would not recommend purchasing products from this company as you can purchase the same items from other companies and get better service .
 Arrived poorly packed and slightly dented . I bent back out the dented marker holder -- so that was fixable . However , upon trying to hang it up , noticed right away it was massively warped.I decided to just nail the thing into the wall on all four corners , which forces it to even out and makes it usable.I wish I would 've gotten the board that was about $ 15 more -LRB- with black corners -RRB- and bought it from a different supplier -LRB- the one I got was from Plexsupply -RRB- as this was all around a bad deal .
 I did not listen to the other reviews and I still ordered this despite the warnings of the flimsy packaging and the high likelihood the product would arrive damaged . -LRB- By the way , why doesnt Amazon , who fulfills the order , or the supplier read reviews ?? -RRB- The packaging was so thin & flimsy that the board was cracked and severely warped.I returned it ... what a waste of time .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Product is packed so poorly it really is a roll of the dice whether it will arrive safely or not . I also have a feeling I am not getting reimbursed for the original shipping charge .
 I bought this for my kids . I made them an `` art '' room up in the loft and seeing how much they love drawing on their little dry erase boards I figured why not get them a huge one ! I read reviews from people who had problems with it being damaged due to improper packaging , but since this was going to be fulfilled by Amazon , I figured I would n't have that problem . Well ... I did . You can see on the outer packaging 2 punctures in the box , which of course went through to the board . I 'm not sure who packaged this , Amazon or Plexsupply , but whoever it was needs to improve on how they ship this . One would think maybe putting something in front of the white board -LRB- like another piece of cardboard or styrofoam -RRB- might help with any bumps the box takes in transit . I will be sending this back since it 's damaged . Hopefully I can find another that can be shipped here without any damage . I am an avid Amazon shopper and I 've never really had any problems , so this is really a bummer !
 A HORRIBLE experience . It arrived in a box that had obviously been dropped and then re-taped -LRB- obviously that is all the shipper -RRB- . But the board was NOT packaged properly at all . To return the board , I first had to submit pics and wait . Then it took forever to get the RMA . I had to ask the seller several times for the RMA . Then , in order to get my money back , the board had to be returned in the original box , inside a new box -- or they had the option of not accepting the return . So , we had to build our own box to return this board , or fork over about $ 50 to buy one that would fit . The whole return process took about a month . Wasted a lot of time and energy . It was ridiculous.Order from Costco ! Got it in 1 day and in perfect condition . ''
 I bought this even after reading the reviews advising me not to and saying the packaging was terrible . And you know what
 Packaging was awful and board was broken in half ... each side detached from one another ! Not amazon 's fault . Plexsupply 's fault !
 Very cheaply made . thin , extremely pliable materials . item arrived damaged -LRB- frame bent , board had rips on writing surface -RRB- and was returned .
 We were looking for a durable whiteboard for a new college program working with students with special needs ... this one arrived with a whole in it - I 'm assuming from shipment . Returned it and am still looking for a quality one to use .
 The product itself is probably very good , but the packaging is so poor that the board was cracked on arrival . I set up the RMA for return the very same day . Hopefully , the manufacturer can read these reviews and improve packaging .
 This is a great product so far , but it was poorly packaged and arrived damaged . I straightened the bent rail and marker tray and will use it as is , because I need it now , and it 's too much hassle to return it . But if you want a good dry erase board that will probably not arrive in good condition , this is the one for you .
 Both Dry erase boards I received in the mail were damaged and some what broken.Nonmagnetic Melamine Dry Erase Marker Board , 36 x 48 -LRB- UNV43724 -RRB- Category
 I purchased this item for a Christmas gift . Although it came in a timely manner . It was damaged . Both the top and bottom of the board is dented . Since it is a gift , i didnt want to take the chance of returning it prior to Christmas and then not getting it back in time .
 This item is made so cheap had I known it , I wouldnt have even considered it.Walmart sells one for the same price and is made much more durable .
 I bought two of these phones , one for a Christmas present for my Mom and one for me , the one for a gift did not work right out of the box so I had to send it back for a refund . I kept the other and do I ever regret it ! It has poor reception , and interference all the time . The answering machine is of poor quality as well , and will malfunction at times causing me to loose messages , and outgoing messages . I was also supposed to receive a rebate which still has not arrived , and am sceptical as to whether it will . Do yourself a favor , overlook this one !!
 the phone has static so bad i can not hear . I wish I had return it
 do not go near this phone . the screen display disintegrates , the static is terrible , the answering machine records messages at an inaudible volume , and the touchpad wears out , causing incomplete dialing . probably the worst phone ever made .
 Do you recall scenes in comedy sketches where a character opens a box anticipating a great gift only to be surprised with a trick gag often landing the unsuspecting character a punch in the face ? Well ... when I opened my Northwestern Bell cordless telephone with answering machine , my first thought was , `` Did this initially retail for $ 106 + ? '' I immediately knew I 'd been duped . I had hoped for a bargain . Instead , I would have been better off burning the $ 42.05 I spent -LRB- with shipping and handling -RRB- . The cheap plastic body was worse than the $ 3 toy telephone I gave my granddaughter years ago . I took a deep breath , read the instructions , and allowed the cordless to charge overnight . I took the first call the next day using the Northwestern Bell cordless . Do you know what happened ? I felt as if I had a pie thrown in my face . The static was worse than the reception you might expect on toy walkie-talkies you 'd buy for a three year old . The LED was faint and difficult to read , the incoming call volume was barely audible -LRB- even with the volume set on high -RRB- , and the caller could not hear me well . I finally gave up and returned the call using my old telephone . I never bothered testing the answering machine . Why would I ? Now for my advice . DO NOT BUY THE NORTHWESTERN BELL CORDLESS ! In fact , if it is ever advertised for free , do n't accept it . Remember , `` The only ` free cheese ' is in a mouse trap . '' While there is nothing wrong with shopping for a bargain -LRB- sometimes it does pay off -RRB- , avoid labels/manufactures you 're not familiar with . Also , ask others what their experience has been with a product/label you 've not used before . Finally , a true bargain is a product which lives up to its reputation for quality and reliability . The bottom line lesson ... BUYER BEWARE !
 it was a bad choice the screen did not work and i had to take it to be fixed although it was new and apparently according to the repairman there is a wire which was close to another wire and i had to pay fees to correct it so all in all it cost me more than i expected ? which is weird because i know that northwestern bell do good phones !
 I wanted a small , pocket-sized scientific calculator like the Casio I previously had but that got smashed when I dropped it one day . This one had the same part number but was much more bulky and clunky . It wo n't even fit in most of my work dress shirt pockets ! Most disappointing . Functionally it works just fine ; just not practical for my pockets .
 This was advertized as Neon Red coding labels , instead they were Neon Orange . We will use them but I feel deceived about what I ordered . I was looking for red and orange is not red . If you are looking for Red labels these are not what you are looking for .
 DO N'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID !!! THIS MACHINE HAD A DESCRIPTION THAT INCLUDES THE TONER BUT IT WAS THE DISCRIPTION FOR THE NEW MODEL NOT THE REFURBISHED ONE ... IT WAS N'T EVEN TESTED B-4 SHIPPING AND I GOT AN ERROR MESSAGE AS I TURNED IT ON . THE PEOPLE FROM AMAZON JUST SAID THAT IT WAS THE PROBLEM OF SHARP NOT THEIRS AND I WOULD HAVE TO CONTACT THE SHARP SERVICE DEPARTMENT FOR THAT . I DID AND THE GAVE ME AN ERROR CODE FOR AMAZON TO REPLACE THE DRUM WHICH CAME IN AND ALSO DID NOT MAKE THIS COPIER WORK . AMAZON JUST SAID OOPS AND TOLD ME TO SEND IT BACK FOR A REFUND ... SO AFTER A TOTAL OF 4-1/2 '' WEEKS LATER I STILL DID NOT HAVE A COPIER ... SO I WENT TO BEST BUY AND GOT WHAT I WANT THAT DAY !
 I hoped the color on the picture was off when I ordered these.They are safety yellow , like the yellow on traffic warning signs -LRB- curve ahead , etc. -RRB- . I needed orange neon . I 'll live with these for now , but they are definitely not ORANGE .
 This is NOT a cash register for scanning . Yet it is too expensive for use as a simple cash register with four tax codes . I did use it for scanning but you CAN NOT PROGRAM it from your PC ! Everything is item by item at the register.But I am hard-headed . I did enter over 1000 UPC codes in the register manually.Then the register froze -LRB- I 've had it about 10 months -RRB- I was devastated , I use a good power conditioner and the wiring and plug were not disturbed . I had stopped pricing items in my store . But I was able to restore the programming . I was elated ! I had been backing up the FULL programming every week and saving it to the SD card -LRB- it will Not take a card bigger than 512 MB though -RRB- . I still had to do some reprogramming besides the RESTORE procedure.Now about 6 weeks after that , and doing full backups every night , AGAIN the register lost its memory during normal use . I had to again CLOSE THE STORE and went through the restore sequence . I am going to HAVE TO find a new register . It is great that I can restore and get it up and running again , BUT NO BUSINESS CAN RUN WITH AN UNRELIABLE SYSTEM.The proported link to Quckbooks is fraudulent . You can NOT do anything in QB that can be exported to the register . Support for the register from the factory isnon-existant .
 I Had this register for just about one year before I threw it out of the third story window . The register tape starter failing after 3 months and then it got so bad I had to get rid of it for another of the $ 99 Royal brand that I had for the first 12 years I owned a business . I am so glad I never got around to logging in all my products and SKU numbers on this PoS .
 Purchased from Costco with hand held scanner . Top of the line with link to PC and Quick Books . This is by far the worst product I have ever purchased . Z tape is nightmare and product does not have any support . PC features do n't work at all . Error after error . Absolute nightmare compared to my old cash register . I do n't know for 2 weeks now what my daily sales are . I will never buy anything else from Sharp . If I could rate this I would rate it a 0 . Beware !
 Seemed easy enough to set up , but when we got to entering the PLUs , the machine got caught in a `` printing loop '' and just kept printing on both receipts with the PLU numbers and nothing else . The only thing that would stop the printing was to turn the machine off , but when re-started , it picked up where it left off and printed several yards of useless tape before we packed it up and returned it.Looked like a decent machine and perhaps we just got a bad one . But having to pay $ 42.16 to return a defective machine was a real negative for the machine and the vendor .
 Ecr is useless for computerized inventory control . Software reminds me of old DOS , and just as useful . Not compatible at all with vista . Even the use of the SD card is useless .
 The first shipment I received on this order was the wrong register . It was an XE-A102 . The shipping ticket had XE-A505 in the description , then XE-A102 on the line below it , which I assume is why the packer picked out the A102 . I immediately returned the items and requested a replacement . Much to my disappointment , I got the exact same WRONG register again with the same problem on the shipping ticket.When I called about the problem , I was told that since the customer service rep I was talking to could not solve problems at the warehouse , my only solution was to have my money credited back to me . So I ended up ordering the register from another company.I think there should be some way that an order can be tracked to a particular warehouse and they should be made aware of packing problems . It seems that anyone who orders this register will have this problem and it should be investigated and corrected .
 I paid for Pendaflex and they sent a generic and noticeably poorer quality substitute . Unfortunately , I needed them immediately and was unable to return.Buyer beware ...
 I ordered this item in lieu of the typical dark green files . I had hoped for true black and they are basically a grey/green color similar to the dark green files . I would n't re-order , they were kind of expensive .
 Ordered these in two sets , and it took a pretty long time to get them - about 2 weeks . Should 've just bought them locally because this was a ripoff . I got the plastic holders , but no labels so had to spend time making my own . Not really a deal breaker , but the deal breaker was the quality of these . It 's like they were rejects or something from a big office supply place because sometimes I could n't even insert the plastic label holders into the slots . Would never order from this seller again .
 Misleading - product name states `` Colored '' hanging folders . Once you view the specifications more closely you see the color is only `` black '' . And that is exactly what came - just black hanging folders . Not happy .
 Like some other reviewers mentioned , this company `` Pendaflex Essentials '' seems to have a HUGE problem with quality control , namely not including enough tabs & inserts into their hanging folders . I bought this box of 25 -LRB- product # 81602 -RRB- and there were not enough of the little plastic tabs , only 16 included not 25 ! There were 30 of the paper tabs to write on , but not enough inserts ! Pretty pathetic if you ask me - Pendaflex is shorting their customers by doing this , and somebody needs to put a stop to it and call them on their deception .
 I do NOT recommend purchasing these folders . The flap that holds the hanging rod detached almost immediately . I have tried repairing the folders with glue , finally resorted to tape . Grr .
 The pricing for labels is insane . Go to Costco , but a box of folders -LRB- which include 50 labels -RRB- and throw the folders in the trash . Its about $ 8 cheaper than buying two packages of labels . Of course its deadly to the environment and land fills , but thats corporate greed for you.Its very easy to print your own labels without a template . Just do insert table in any word process , adjust you row and column sizes so they print labels of the correct size , and then fill in the table rows with your label text.You can adjust the text size to make very impressive labels , and always fit everything you need on the label . Cut your labels out by hand - it takes about a minute to do a full page of them - and you can create -LRB- depending on your printer -RRB- full color high resolution labels.If you need a word processor , try openoffice or libreoffice . They are both FREE office suites from Linux that have been converted to run on mac and windows as well . / LenWT6G
 These tabs are too dark to view quickly in a home office . Might be okay under bright fluorescent lights though .
 We tried 8x8 years ago , but it was simply too expensive . We needed 5 phones , but did n't need 5 unlimited calling plans.At the time , the only real alternative was something like Vonage . Problem with Vonage was they really did n't support multiple lines necessary for an office environment.Then finally , we discovered a company called voiSip that has really been great for us . They let you use whatever phones and equipment you like -LRB- though you should probably at least use their recommendations -RRB- . And voiSip lets you use as many lines and phones as your equipment and Internet will support , at no extra charge . Just buy your equipment , pick a minute plan that fits your office , connect and go . Call quality and features are top notch.I 've even got voiSip 's 6 dollar plan for my home with nice 2-line phones all over the house . So now I can order a pizza while the wife is talking to her mom , and I do n't have to run downstairs for my cell phone .
 Terrible Service , Dropped calls , BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !! I have been a subscriber of Packet 8 service for about 5 years . Initially the service was decent but has gone down hill quickly . Huge delays in dialing numbers , Calls that connect with audio channels missing -LRB- one caller or the other can hear but not both -RRB- , Dropped calls and seriously bad `` Indian grade '' cut and paste customer service whenever you try to bring problems to their attention . You can do better cheaper . I replaced my Packet 8 service with a bluetooth cellphone gateway but considered Oooma Plus for 8.00 a month .
 This phone 's nice and Packet8 , at first glance , appears to be a good choice for VoIP . WRONG ! When I actually experienced their `` service '' I found first impressions can be deceiving . At first it was OK , but after a few months the voice quality became consistently unusable - voices were badly distorted and difficult to understand . Calls were intermittently dropped.Calls to technical support resulted in immediate and repeated blame placed on everything outside their company . I received pages of instructions telling me to change all the cords , change my router configuration , change my phone , change my network configuration , run network tests and on and on . They blamed available bandwidth on my cable line without testing it , told me that having another VoIP service provider on the same network connection would cause a problem because the IP addresses would be `` confused . '' The one thing they did seem good at was finding someone else to blame . They were NOT good at resolving a problem that , in the end , was clearly their own.I 've moved to another provider and have found that Packet8 continued to cause problems because I was forwarding calls from Packet8 to the new provider . Packet8 simply drops all forwarded calls after 16 minutes , something they do n't disclose anywhere I can find . Outside the Packet8 caused problems , my new service provider -LRB- VoipYourLife -RRB- works great.Packet8 makes it very easy to sign up . They never mention a cancellation fee if you sign up over the phone and bury notice of the fee in a multi-page service agreement online . Discussions with their management made it clear that they did n't care if their service worked or not , they were going to charge their customers to cancel.Stay away from this one .
 I would not recommend . Dropped calls , audio delays during a converstion . I have tried support numerous times to correct the challenge as in good faith I really wanted to correct the audio delays , call clarity and most of all dropped calls during business conversations . I called to cancel once i installed my new phone service and they said it would cost me $ 59.99 to cancel each line but if i wait out my year contract and call the next day after , no charges ... we will see . They blamed the signal on my internet provider -LRB- comcast -RRB- and also on my router . However , i explained to them that with 8X8 the phone signal was sharing a signal with my computers and does not allow enough signal and with comcast i get a FULL signal dedicated to my phone . So , if you go with 8x8 be prepared for what i have experienced and hefty fees to cancel a service they promised however did not deliver . Absolutely NOT good for my business whatsoever . I wish it would have worked for me , however , i could NOT do business with their phone service . It hindered it . FYI , i mentioned to them on the phone that they shouldnt charge any cancellation fees for a product that did not perform as promised and that I will write my experience on review boards like this ... they didnt care , they just wanted their cancellation fees ! Bad business in my judgement . Buyer beware . I expect to cancel this service without cancellation fees immediately !
 I was extremely disappointed in this purchase . The description stated it was in good condition , but when I received it I found it to be very warn and faded . Had this been the first purchase I 'd made with you , I would no longer be a customer .
 Clues in the ad suggest that this is a 2009 calendar . Someone may be in the market for this , but not very many . The year for a calendar should always be boldly stated.Sorry that this `` review '' is not as `` fun '' as you might like .
 Honestly I can not believe samsung even considered putting this phone on the market . Samsung products are usually quite good , but this phone will single-handedly ruin their reputation.Trying to get service with this phone is practically impossible , dont even bother trying.The signal strenght indicator will say full strength but as soon as you make a call and are connected the signal fades and the call is disconnected , even though you have not moved or changed positions.I would not recommend this phone to anyone unless of course you have unlimited minutes and you get kick out of not getting any calls or voice mail messages
 CHRIST ! THE GREAT SANYO 4900 IS NOW A GONNER AND SPRINT OFFERS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WITH A HALFWAY DECENT SPEAKERPHONE FUNCTION . THEIR SILLY PICTURE PHONES ARE A BUNCH OF B.S. AND NOTHING MORE THAN A FAD . NOW I HAVE TO FIND A DIFFERENT LINE OF CELL PHONE PRODUCTS THAT OFFER TRULY HANDS-FREE COMMUNICATIONS FOR BUSINESS USERS LIKE MY SELF . GROW UP SPRINT !
 The metal area near the bottom and where it raises up to surround the rubber stop is really weak . If you use any type of heavy door especially commercial doors this will not be sufficient . I broke two of them before buying a higher version from Lowes -LRB- the bottom has more height and thus a lot more strength -RRB- . These are fine for light doors but keep in mind the weak point for heavier doors .
 IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO HANG THIS ITEM ON THE WALL !! This item requires a special mounting bracket to be hung on the wall which is not included , and is not sold separately . Unfortunately , the material surrounding the board is foam , so you ca n't mount it without the bracket.The only way to obtain the bracket is by purchasing the MMS200 , which is a set of two of these boards and one bracket . I guess this item could work as an additional board , but I ca n't understand why you would ever want more boards than places to hang them . I bought this board because it is the perfect size for my wall here in the office , so I ca n't buy a set of two anyway because they wo n't fit.I 've confirmed over the phone with the manufacturer that there is no way for me to get the bracket to hang my board , and they suggested I return the item . I suggest avoiding this company altogether .
 Be warned that this , and some other expandable phone systems , do not allow an additional handset to easily join an existing conversation . The handset currently using the line must first put the outside party on hold , figure out which of the expansion handsets wants to join the conversation , ring that specific handset , and then remove the hold condition . Not exactly convenient.On the plus side , sound quality and range are good , and as advertised , the phones generate no interference to degrade wi-fi networks .
 We have had these phones for awhile and they do not live with you well . I suspect that I will dump them and find another DECT phone system that has all the features we want . We came from a Uniden 5.8 phone system and sound quality thru out the house is almost perfect with these new phones unlike the old 5.8 that we had.But , the volume never gets very loud on the ringer or during calls . It does not let you know of message waiting unless you walk up and really stare at the screen . The date format is European , the hidden mute function is a pain , no headset jack is bad news , especially with the volume limitations , the dance to share a phone call or transfer it to a different phone is awkward at best.I understand this system came from Europe originally and they just did not do enough to make it right for the American market when they started selling it here . Better attention to details and interface and this would have been a great phone .
 Pros
 Brother machines are competitive in price but when they break down during the first three months , the service is horrible . They put you through the ringer trying to make the fix over the phone as if you have all day to stay on the line and try to fix it with them . Eventually you give up and ask for a service center but a stall is involved , so that it will be claimed you are out of warranty . The supervisors are worse . They want you to give up and fix it at your own expense . I only wish their products to my enimies .
 Brother is a gigantic international corporation that does not offer a recycling program for its cartridges . Had I known this , I would not have purchased this item . Recycling companies do not take them either .
 These are too small . Standard paper wo n't lay flat in them ! Surprised at the quality from Avery . Pay a little more for better quality .
 I bought this pack , and I thought it was a good deal but I was wrong.I was putting them to use in my binder and folders at school inbetween classes at college and nearly three out of ten of them would literally rip when flipping the pages . They were so cheap and thin , I seriously feel like I was robbed .
 I got these for my kid , but it keeps on ripping and so what was the point of getting these ? I 'm surprised because it had so many 5 star reviews , if anyone knows of stronger ones please let me know
 I was fooled by the multi-functionality of the product , learning only the hard way that the head only has three months warranty . To replace it will cost $ 250 + , now I have -LRB- an expensive -RRB- boat anchor !!
 THIS IS 2009 I order this to replace 2009 . I need a 2010 . I DO NOT UNDER STAND WHYTHEY ARE STILL SELL A 2009 .
 Ordered this so that I 'd be able to use my 2010 DayMinder for the rest of 2009 . It WAS advertised as 2009 and we received a 2010 .
 Should have returned , but did not try them all immediately . Normally like the flair pens , just a bad batch I guess .
 As an engineer , I grew quite fond of these pens over the years . I use them exclusively for redline drawings , note taking , and anything else that I would need to hand write and be able to read down the road . For some reason , these pens make my handwriting significantly neater . I mean , I actually enjoy writing with them . For years and years Paper Mate pens , with the two hearts on the cap , were my go-to pen . They were American made , never leaked , and would last for years . I still have some of my old ones , and they still work . I 'm rambling , I know , but I wanted to give a little background.A few months ago , I went to the supply cabinet at my office to grab a couple of my trusty paper mates . I popped open the box -LRB- not a whole lot of people go for the felt tip pens , so I usually open them up -RRB- and was very very surprised by what was inside . For as long as I 've been around , paper mate pens were glossy colored , smooth , and had half millimeter lines that ran parallel to the shaft of the pen . I used to put my thumbnail in the grooves and spin the pen to make a `` ZZZZIPPP '' noise . These new pens though ... they were not right . They 're matte in color , the shaft is bare , with a very cheap quality screen print `` Paper Mate '' marking on it . I would bet my paycheck that the factory in Mexico where these pens now come from , make pens for 100 different companies . I 'm sure they 're all the same pen , with the only difference being the screenprinted name on each pen . My old paper mates had a white tip guard , with just the colored tip sticking out about a millimeter . These pens now have a clear tip guard and the tip sticks out about twice as far . I know , big deal right ? Well , yes , it is a big deal . Now , if you press too hard , the tip will deform , and the pen will be useless.So , having discovered these new style paper mate pens , I had to know if they were all this poorer quality . I came to Amazon and ordered 2 boxes of black , 2 boxes of green , and 2 of these multi-color packs . Yes , every single one of them was this cheap knock-off pen . I did a side by side comparison with my old green pen and a new one . The new ink is significantly lighter . All of the colors seem to get much lighter after the ink dries . The caps are much lower quality , as would be expected.The pens themselves are not terrible , but compared to the old Flairs , they are complete garbage . It 's unfortunate that companies are still sacrificing quality and customer satisfaction , all in the name of our hyper-inflated dollar.In the face of the United State 's current economic crisis , and the obvious need for American manufacturing , it is shameful of Paper mate 's parent company to kill even more jobs and pass this low quality product off on the consumers . With the economy the way it is , consumers now want more bang for their buck . NewellRubbermaid is the company that now owns Paper Mate , so it is no surprise that they would move manufacturing to foreign soil . They have ruined the name of a fantastic American company by sacrificing quality and integrity for an easy buck , the same as they did with the original Rubbermaid containers.I apologize for the long winded review , but here 's what I think in a nutshell . These pens are okay for what they are . They should NOT be called paper mate flairs . If these pens were XYZ Corporation Felt Tip Pens , they would be a fantastic product . At over $ 1 per pen though , these are absolutely NOT worth it . You pay a premium for Paper Mate pens , because they WERE premium pens . NewellRubbermaid thinks they can fool us and charge more for cheap , low quality knock-off products . Show them we are smarter than that . Avoid these if you can , if not for quality , then for principal .
 Caution ! Paper Mate seems to have changed the Flair pen . In my opinion the change is functionally and stylistically for the worse . The pen has an entirely new feel in the hand - again , in my opinion it feels cheaper ; and the ink delivery on my first two boxes has been lousy . It 's good to see the many comments lauding the `` unchanging '' iconic Flair pen - I have loved them for 30 years - but I wonder if these commenters are using old stock .
 I was a TA in college and my prof gave us these pens for grading papers , and that 's when the love affair with these pens started.I ordered these hoping to rekindle this romance and was very happy ... at least at first . Yes they changed the design a bit , but they were pretty much the same , awesome pens . After 2 days , however , the ink started to fail on some of the pens . The black is now more like a grey after only 2 days . Only 2 days ! And without much use . I 'd send them back if I had n't torn the packaging open like a starving grizzly bear after some meat.I still love these pens , but I think I got a bad batch .
 Phone works as advertised , but one of the handset was defective.The call I placed to their help line is the stuff nightmares are made of
 This product is not worth the money . I purchased this set less than a month ago , and none of my phones are working . I ca n't dial out , or answer on them . I 'm returning them for a better set . Do n't waste your money .
 The sound quality when you turn on the speaker function on each phone is unbearable . I can not understand half the words and I have excellent hearing . I have to flip it off speaker -- which defeats the purpose of having a speakerphone -- or else I have to keep saying , `` Please repeat that . '' I am willing to sell it .
 Purchased mine at BJ 'S club for $ 89.00 . Cons : * Lack of conference ability using 2 or more handsets at the same time , unless you transfer the call to it . * Keypad does not light up . * Use army time Time , 24 hr not 12 hr clock and the date is dd/mm/yy . * Answering machine OGM has an English accent .
 No manual came with it , Uniden wants $ 5 for one on their customer support page on there website.Phone gets poor reception beyond 30 feet from base . Do not know if range issue is Uniden or all DECT 6.0 , but looking for alternative now . Will never buy Uniden after this one.Ringer not loud enough to hear much over 5 feet from phone.PS
 Use army time.When you set the date use the day of the month first and the month second.Four star 's .
 I use an adding machine throughout the day and I am tired of always waiting for this one to catch up to me . Prints slow and if you are going to use it more than once a year to do your taxes , it will annoy you .
 I ordered this machine so I could 10-key several figures to get a printout with total . The trouble is the printer function does not work.I am returning it for refund because this is a cheapo item without common 10-key functions .
 The paperfeed was so week that by the time we used 1/2 a roll of calculator tape , it no longer advanced the paper . So your numbers all print on top of each other . Waste of money .
 Although not prone to talking in phrases utilized by Bush the First , I have to say , in language permitted by Amazon , that this calculator is a flaming piece of doo-doo , a clump of fecal matter , a deposit of a primeval nature , an abhorrent and truncated cluster of malodorous ghastliness . The actual machine itself may work well enough -LRB- if one is practiced at idiosyncratic internal processes which would require multiple anti-psychotic meds , or if one intuitively grasps that Casio has undone centuries of mathematical rules without bothering to notify anyone -RRB- , but there is a useless , one-sheet -LRB- and it 's not really even worth a sheet , as it were -RRB- `` manual '' which would bring Nick the Greek to his knees , weeping . We are not talking here about wanting to perform complicated functions ; oh , no ... we 're talking about wanting to add a number of items -LRB- check amounts -RRB- to print out a list with a total so it can accompany a bank deposit . One would think that one might not need a manual to add up a bunch of items and do this . One would be profoundly and tragically mistaken.To begin with , the '' + '' and the '' = '' signs are on the same large black key on this calculator . As the ancients used to say when confronted with puzzling astronomical phenomena , WTF ?! If one enters 9 + 5 and hits = , one gets 9 + 5 + ... and that 's ALL one gets . It does not sum . No surprise ; how could it sum ? It would n't know the difference between + and = given that they 're on the same key and it has an empty brain pan.If one turns off the print function , it sums just fine -LRB- most calculators do ... they just keep providing a total as one adds items up -RRB- . However , if one wants to have a printed tape of this one is left S.O.L. , which , as is widely known from the writings of Heidegger , is an acronym for Sucking Odd Lumps . Therefore , one can not print out a summary total to take to the bank with the deposit . Not only that , but the clock is ticking ever faster , as the bank 's minions , smiling inwardly as if at a secret joke laced with Schadenfreude , are inching toward the door to snap the lock , pull the shade , and put the GTFO sign on the door so that NO deposit will occur on this day.After trying various key combinations hoping to unravel it 's dangerously twisted little brain , to no avail , one then opened the one-page -- it 's actually a tri-fold , but given that 2/3 of it is devoted to Spanish -LRB- mine is non-existent , beyond `` hola '' -RRB- and French -LRB- I can ask for directions to the nearest electro-convulsive therapy ward but ca n't really speak calculator in French -RRB- -- `` manual . '' This is also known as the `` User 's Guide . '' And , believe me , if you were n't using before you opened this document , you will be soon . A full discussion of what is actually included in this sheet constructed by someone with a day-pass from the Whipsnade Laughing Academy is beyond the scope of anybody except perhaps Da Vinci after a second peyote enema . Whatever . It provides no information on anything even loosely related to getting a simple , printed account summary.Next , after vibing the cat out of the room due to a muttered expletive salad , a search of the web produced nothing . Casio 's site has a link to their product manuals , but nothing at all about this calculator or anything even close . One then calls Casio 's Tech Support ... ahahah . Please recall , the minions at the bank are now tying ship 's hawser ropes around the door handle and connecting them to the time-lock vault ... there will be no deposits today . One can almost hear them cackling , '' ... or any OTHER day , monkey boy ! `` One might be surprised to discover that among Casio 's phone-tree options , `` calculators '' is not listed . `` Hand-held computers '' as an option produces a recording saying they 're closed -LRB- in the middle of the afternoon , even allowing for time-zone shift -RRB- . Re-dialing -LRB- the cat is now creeping up onto the roof , looking for her flak jacket which she purchased during the last outburst -RRB- , one goes for `` all other products '' as an option and gets a person who suggests a number of different things , none of them producing the desired effect , before putting one on hold and consulting the head Rosicrucian who has been in an isolated cell on Malta for decades . This unimpeachable source suggests hitting the asterisk key to print out a total . One was surprised , having gotten one 's Ph.D. degree , and having endured two years of graduate statistics as well as any number of scientific calculators along the way , to note that a new mathematical signifier/operand has been introduced by the NASA-esque minds at Casio , notwithstanding that on some calculators this same key is used to signify multiplication . But , hey ... why quibble with genius?So , with no documentation about the simplest of functions , and after ignoring hundreds of years of symbolic mathematical conventions from the Arabs forward , Casio has redesigned this handy little calculator such that one can not print a simple quantitative list , with total , using any of the key conventions that have been in existence since shortly after the wheel and the fish . One can , however , chew up , if not the cat , at least a better part of the afternoon . And that loud slam followed by a hissing noise that was heard in the above paragraph was the bank door being closed , bolted , and welded shut.Otherwise , a dandy little machine .
 PRO ... . NICE PRICECON ... VERY BAD BAD BAD USER 'S MANUAL/INSTRUCTIONS ! CASIO HAVE TO DO BETTER THAN THIS!THE USER 'S MANUAL/INSTRUCTIONS THAT COMES WITH THIS MODEL UNIT WILL NOT HELP YOU AT ALL . IT DOES NOT GIVE YOU ANY HELP OR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE OR PROGRAM ALL THE BUTTON ON THIS CALCULATOR . YOU MUST BE A PROFESSIONAL TO USE THIS UNIT . BEGINNERS LIKE MYSELF WILL BE VERY DISAPPOINTED UNLESS YOU CAN FIND A PROFESSIONAL TO TEACH HOW TO USE THIS UNIT TO IT FULLNESS . CASIO TECH SUPPORT COULD NOT EVEN HELP ME WHEN I CALLED THEM . THAT 'S SAD ... LOL!SO NOW I MUST LOOK FOR A MORE SIMPLE BASIC PRINTING CALCULATOR WITH COMPLETE DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS.CASIO REALLY BLEW IT HERE WITH THIS .
 I ordered this as a beginner . I use a normal calculator . Im trying to do my business accounting , so I decided I needed a printing calculator , to keep track of whether or not I actually added ALL of the figures correctly . Sadly , I am very distraught with this ` simple , easy to use calculator ' . The Casio 100-TM instruction manual is vague , confusing , and does not approach providing instructions for full use of the calculator . It left me `` clueless '' as to the multiple functions and how to use them . I do n't know what any of the buttons mean or how to use them . The ink roller which came with the calculator was dried out . It came with a very small roll of paper . Furthermore , Ive actually tried to google what the buttons do , and have come up short on info -LRB- which seems very odd -RRB- . Unless you know what IT ... COST ... SELL ... MAR. . . MU ... MD. . . plus the other goofy buttons mean ... I wish you the best of luck !
 This machine was out of ink in two days during income tax time . When I need a tape I 'm still using my cumbersome calculator . It may be old , but it is inexpensive to use .
 The instructions for this product are totally inadequate . I contacted Casio via their website to request a manual . However , they were not interested in responding . I also checked numerous websites to see if I could purchase a manual . It just does n't seem to be available . It looks like a great calculator . But the enclosed fold out instruction sheet does n't even cover some of the basic functions . I will no longer purchase any Casio products . Unless you have the assurance that a `` manual '' is included with your purchase , I do not recommend buying this product . I will be returning it to Amazon and purchasing a calculator from another company .
 It had all the features I was looking for in a calculator BUT the paper roll was impossible to use . It appeared that the slot where the paper should enter was blocked !
 This was not a very good value because I found out later that this was cheaper at Wal-Mart ... too bad I dint check before I bought it . Also , the box it was n't packed very well , and the box it comes in was broken .
 I do n't know if I have seen a worse product than this and do n't know where to begin.First ... this thing is a tank . WAY too heavy . Because it is so large and heavy it makes it hard to navigate . The instructors are always running in to door frame with it . So the handles are now falling off . We ordered 3 of these . None of them came with the same configuration . They all had parts on it that the others did n't have . Some had cable ties , others did n't . getting the power cables in and out of these are impossible . Either you mount the polls in the front where they are easy to get at and you have a giant cable monster where you ca n't get the laptops in and out easily . And when you do you mount then in the front it make the center third of each shelf useless because the giant polls are in the way . If you mount them in the back then you can not get the power cables out because the shelves are so small you ca n't fit your arm in to reach them . And if you manage to get your arm in there they plugs are so inconveniently placed that they are hard to reach . Oh and another thing . When I did try to mount them in back I had to take the cart to a machinist to retap the screw holes because they were not the same size as the very same ones in the front.Just craptastic all around . Avoid avoid avoid .
 The Sides are Cardboard the Top is cardboard the bottom is cardboard , the slots are cardboard . Would not buy again , dont think it will last very long . I would pay $ 15 tops for this item .
 I thought this sorter was absolutely horrible . I ordered it for my classroom , and first it took 2 weeks after the scheduled delivery date to get to me . Then when it came , it was all cardboard . It was deceiving because the picture made it look so nice . However , it was a pain to put together , and took two people to put it together . Plus , while I was putting it together , some of the cardboard bent . Overall , it was a disappointing purchase , because of the description and the picture . I would not buy this again in the future .
 I purchased this based on price and the picture alone , thinking it was a great buy from reaserch I 've done . Looking at pics allover the internet -LRB- everyone had the same pic -RRB- it looked pretty solid . Alas when I recieved the package I was very disappointed . The organizer is 100 % card board with a metal wire frame suport for the back and plastic clips for the face labeling edges . I guess if this is for personal use it may serve its function but for business use it looks kind of tacky and feels very flimsy ...
 I 've never seen a more deceptive photo on Amazon . I had no illusions about receiving a piece of furniture -- merely a functional paper-sorter that would sit on the rear of my desktop and prevent the constant slippage of pens , pencils , remote controls , iPods , CD cases , documents , from the back edge of the desk to behind the steam radiator . I expected some sort of `` slowly perishable '' thin particle wood board , plastic , or cardboard so durably constructed it would obviate the need for synthetic alternatives.I was hardly prepared for what I received . The thinnest , flimsiest cardboard imaginable , perhaps seeming all the more like a slap in the face because many of the products that arrive through Amazon Prime at a fraction of the price of this object are packaged in cardboard that is twice as thick and durable as this `` Fellowes Compartment Literature Sorter . '' Anyone walking into my office and seeing this silly box on my desk would laugh out loud , and I 'd deserve every last derisive chuckle.This thing is almost too flimsy to return . A `` paper paper-sorter '' is what it is . It reminds me of the sacrifices we as Americans made during and shortly after World War II when , instead of toy trains made of metal , we received toy trains made of paper . We cut them out of books , did n't complain , and felt we 'd been well served . In this case , quite the contrary is true
 I purchased 2 of these . 1 of them i had to ducktape together due to the damage the sorter was in when it arrived . the 2nd item had to be returned . i only had the shelves in the box nothing else . I have ordered several things from Amazon and have been pleased until this order . I hope this was a one time thing . I just mailed it back and i am hoping to get a refund with no problem . We will see !
 ONE TAPE # 24MM , 1 '' TZ WAS DAMAGED AND COULD NOT BE USED !!! DONALD L. DICKINSONBMCM , US NAVY , RET
 the sound is horrible and the font size it too small does not let you adjust it too pricey for what you it sorry i wasted my money on it ...
 This product contains all features mentioned , but there 's an important fact that you should know.This model is no different than Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary which is priced at $ 85 , except that a PC Connectivity Kit worth $ 19.5 is thrown in , which accounts for its price of $ 105 . For reviews on this product , you simply have to check out Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary.This model was previously known as SCD-1870 , just in case you 're looking for that one.A few comments though
 While the device worked as advertised the small screen size makes playing word games difficult . The font size can be adjusted for dictonary uses but not for word games such as hangman and anagrams . This makes for difficult viewing in low light or without magnification .
 Like other users have stated , it could use a back light , the keys are not always user friendly -LRB- sometime you press on the key nothing and sometime it 's fine -RRB- , it 's missing words that should be in such an extensive dictionary , and it 's definitely cheaply made . Not only does it look cheap , but I am finding out that it 's also a poorly manufactured device ! I try not to judge a book by its cover , but in this case I should have , do n't make the same mistake I did . One hundred twenty-four dollars down the drain.I do n't use this product that often because I usually use the online dictionary , but when I do use it , I do use the voice feature . From my experience the voice feature drains your batteries . I have had the product for less than a month and used it on average 20 times and the voice feature is done . At first I thought it was malfunctioning , but it was the battery . IT 'S a waste ! And the extra stuff they give you to increase the price is n't worth it either!If you do n't need a speaking feature , DO N'T waste your money on this product brand , it is NOT WORTH THE DISAPPOINTMENT .
 Desk was n't here on time , so I emailed CS . It apparently was damaged in shipping , so they sent it back to the manufacturer and sent me a new one . It was a little bit of a long wait . Roomate ordered the same desk 2 days after I ordered mine , and his got here in fair condition with a dent in the black finish and a bend in one of the legs , nothing serious though . Mine got here and had a chip in the black finish , but I covered it up with a cloth . Wo n't be ordering from Home and Living again unless they fix their shipping problems . Took a month to get the damaged desk , and that 's just bad service.But the desk is great ! Sturdy , sleek design , very nice looking .
 I 'm giving this item one star because I ca n't submit the review without a rating . Otherwise I would give it no stars since I have no desk to write about . I had to return it both times and I was really looking forward to having this desk at home . I really liked the look of the desk and still do . It took me awhile to find one that I was happy with and when I received the first one , not only was the box damaged -LRB- which I know can happen in transit -RRB- but there were no instructions , the package of screws was open , it had a scratched surface and a screw still inside one of the holes -LRB- it looked like someone had returned the desk -RRB- . Called `` Home & Living '' customer service , they had it picked up and shipped another one to me . Again , upon receipt , no instructions and there were missing pieces -LRB- I was able to find the instructions online and that 's how I knew that pieces were missing -RRB- . I returned it and decided against getting another one . According to customer service - they have no control because it comes straight from the manufacturer . But since I bought it directly from Home & Living , I hold them responsible . They should take whatever steps to ensure that the manufacturer is shipping out items in tact . I will not be buying from Home & Living again.One thing for H&L ; Customer Service - they were great . I had no problems with returning the items and getting my credit issued .
 Make sure you read the dimensions of this very small door stop before you buy . This stop was so tiny that it could not stop the door for which it was intended . The door stop is not only small in size , but not very rigid . So the door which I tried the stop simply smashed the stop to the ground and slammed shut . I threw this door stop in the trash . It could only be used for small , light doors without a self-close mechanism .
 I 've never experienced anything like it . Every pen in the box did the same thing - write fine for a few sentences , then die on me . After shaking them and trying again , ink would appear for a few more sentences . Customer service was very good , but a second box of the same pens did the same thing . I wonder if they were stored someplace too hot or cold ? Ca n't say , but it was so odd for new pens to not work .
 I 'm an RN who works in the ER , in a Critical access hospital which is not computerized.I had a a pen like this that I bought in 2007 . Still used it until a Paramedic twisted the base making it junk . That is why I reordered another pen of the same kind on line.Never recieved the pen , tracking number I was given was not right . Bottom line , I paid $ 18.00 for a pen I never recieved.Will never order from here again.Once bitten twice shy !!!! since this review wo n't let a no star choice go through , I had to give it one star , but it 's really a minus 5 . Very very dissatisfied .
 Purchased this item to use with Skype . Unfortunately normal Vista -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- is not supported and no driver support at their website ! Then tried to install on XP Pro 64 bit and software would n't install.Stick to Microsoft products , at least they supply 32 and 64 bit drivers for their products , so I 'm back to using a wired/wireless headsets!Very disappointing ... I guess I have to stick to my Dell Axim for Skype wireless phone calls . .
 I would not suggest this product . I should remember that you get what you pay for ... the low price equals the low quality . When one talks on the phone , it sounds like you are in a tunnel . The phone has great features , however , that is nullified when you talk on it .
 The speakerphone cuts in and out and is difficult to hear . I 'm probably going to send it back when I find a better substitute .
 I was looking for a basic phone with caller ID . No frills , little excitement . The phone works fine , but the caller ID will only recognize the incoming calls about half or two-thirds of the time . My other phone will quickly make the identification , so I suspect that it reflects the quality of this unit 's caller ID feature . Otherwise , it is easy to use , has all of the basic features , and a well functioning speaker phone .
 PROS
 WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS PHONE I THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD BUY . I AN A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED IN IT 'S FUNCTION . THE INFORMATION DOES NOT LIGHT UP AS A CALL IS COMMING THROUGH LIKE IT SHOWS IN THE PICTURE . I HAVE ADJUSTED IT A FEW TIMES AND IT CA N'T BE READ IN THE DARK . THE PHONE IS NICE BUT I WOULD NOT RECOMEND IT .
 The basic problem I have with the phone concerns the written instructions . I needed to read betwwen the lines in the manual and make some trial-and-error experimentation . Three weeks after receiving the phone , I am still running into problems not addressed in the manual .
 Most features work fine but the speakerphone will produce very loud and high pitch , almost deafening echo sound . I have to tape a bottle cap over the speakerphone button so no one will try to use it . I am looking for another phone now because I bought this phone for its speakerphone feature . It is going to the landfill very soon !
 Phone arrived dead . Tried different batteries , handsets and wall jacks and phone cords . Nothing worked . No dial tone at any time .
 I bought this on Saturday from Sears and its going back today . I 'm working at home and thought a speakerphone would be useful . This one is garbage . When listening , whenever the caller comes online there is a clicking . When speaking , the volume fades in and out . Totally unusable .
 this phone is very flimsy and will not last you more then several at best , its a cheap plastic , feels more like a toy .
 I 've had at least four of these phones over the past six years or so . Bought the first two for $ 40 each retail . I like the features and the size . Sadly , the LCD display failed after a year , which makes the memory feature useless as well , because you ca n't scroll through the memory . Could n't believe an AT&T ; Product would consistently fail after a year.My phone rings all day = mostly telemarketers . So , caller ID for me is a must . I 've resorted to purchasing stand-alone caller ID units to attach to the failed phones , but their displays , too , fail after a while.Yet , again , I need several new phones w/caller ID . This time I bought a 2 refurbished Unidens off ebay . If I 'm forced to replace phones every year , they 're not worth more than $ 13 each to me.Wish these companies would quit making their electronics in China and bring the manufacturing back to the US . And BUILD STUFF TO LAST . .
 This phone works well except the main feature we bought it for , the caller ID screen has faded and is now unreadable . This is the second ATT phone with a caller ID screen that has failed .
 You would think after all these years that AT&T would be able to make a phone where you could actually read the display screen . There is no backlight , therefore you almost need a flashlight and magnifying glass to see the print on the display screen . The sound quality and many features are good but if you want to use the caller id feature , you will be disappointed , like me , with the display . With all the technology available today , why could n't AT&T get the most important feature to work where it 's usable to consumers ?
 The ATT 950 Corded Phone was the only phone that I could find that had caller ID , preset call buttons , could be wall mounted , had no answering machine but was battery operated and at a reasonable price . Operationally , every thing seemed fine even the initial set-up that I accomplished while the phone was resting horizontally . However , after mounting the phone on the kitchen wall at the standard height that I had used for years , the fatal flaw of this phone became apparent . The display screen was tilted to make viewing easier when the phone was used as a desk phone but the angle of the screen is so severe that the characters can not be seen while standing . With this type of LCD screen your eyes need to be practically perpendicular to the screen , which means that you have to kneel to see the display . The characters are also small , further complicating visibility . Will keep the phone but will be annoyed each time I try to read the display .
 At first look the phone was impressive . Having used for three weeks it was necessary to return due to poor performance . The speakerphone is terrible . The numbers in the directory do n't dial properly . There are better choices .
 It had all the features I wanted in a gift . The phone looked good when he opened it and he liked all the features it offered . I 'm embarrassed to have given it as a gift now knowing the poor working quality of the phone . It sounds ok when using the handset , but the sound quality is awful when used as a speakerphone . The appeal of this product was the speakerphone feature and it does not work as needed . The voice of the person using the phone cuts in and out during the conversation or the person must yell and stand close to the phone in order to be heard . This is not acceptable . The speaker is located on the bottom of the unit . How can you possibly have a good quality speakerphone with the speaker located on the side that faces the surface on which it sits ? Keep looking for a better speakerphone product . I know I will !
 I 've had two of these phones . They are good for the price , but the LCD eventually goes bad and displays hieroglyphics . This has happened with both phones within a year . beware - you get what you pay for .
 When adjusted for wall mounting , this phone still faces down , making the display dark and hard to read and the entire keypad poorly positioned . Not acceptable because of poor design .
 I bought this phone primarily for its speakerphone and it is very disappointing . The sound cuts in and out constantly . The rest of the phone functions are just fine , but if speakerphone is necessary for you , do n't get this phone .
 All I wanted was a corded telephone with a hand set . What I got was a piece of cheap Chinese-made garbage . The hand set weighs possibly one ounce and does n't actually fit into its cradle . The sound is terrible -- a constant humming in the background , voice distortion . I got a lot of `` features '' I do n't need ; what I did n't get was a good telephone .
 Phone looks good and sounds good on the handset , but the speakerphone feature is completely worthless . I ca n't even get a sentence out without people complaining that the sound is cutting out . Should be fine if you do n't need a speakerphone - but if you do , do n't buy this one .
 Bought subject analog phone based on pretty good reviews . Despite trying various strategies , such as hitting the option to search for clearer channels , the clarity of incoming conversations was very , very bad . Returned it after about two weeks of frustration . Did get excellent service from Electronic Express -LRB- Amazon 's distributor -RRB- in the return process , so 5 stars for the distributor . The phone was out of stock , so they 're returning our payment , and the pickup by FedEx was no-cost to us .
 This paper is the exact same thing as Ilford 's Smooth Gloss . No Im not kidding . I mean its like basically 100 % eactly the same results . The only difference is canon puts their stupid name all over the back of the paper . They are probably made by the same manufacturer . You can buy this paper -LRB- which lem me say once again is the same thing as Ilfords Smooth Gloss paper -RRB- on the Canon website in bulk by the hundreds for like $ 5 - $ 6 per 200-240 sheets . . No Im not joking . Its on sale . 2 stars because the price just SUCKS really bad . . its a rip off at this price .
 Too easy to mistake for regular size paper . Gets sideways in printer feed systems.DO NO MISTAKE FOR NORMAL SIZED PAPER .
 Bought this to make repos of pictures I have on my computer of family and friends , when I printed out a picture it smeared the ink and did n't hold the color . Figuered it was a canon product and so is n't my printer , guess they just are not compatible
 Having taught photography for 30 years , I slowly embraced digital within the last decade . I bought a new Pixma printer for my point and shoot camera and have been using Canon 's Plus paper since it gives rich accurate colors and super sharp images . Unfortunately the photos I printed a year ago have begun to yellow and discolor ... my previous photos from my HP printer with HP paper are still clean and pristine . Canon is a huge disappointment . Think twice about Canon
 Even though I was careful about capping the pen right after each use , the pens quickly dried up and became useless .
 The battery type does not match what they list . The batteries they sent came dead and I had to buy 2 new expensive batteries . I tried multiple times to contact the company , Plexon Inc. both by email and by phone and had ZERO luck getting them to respond . They charge $ 8 shipping on two tiny pointers.The laser pointers worked fine after I paid to replace the batteries . I would NEVER buy from this company again .
 As file jackets go , this one is only so so as far as durability goes . I 've stuffed them full of the children 's last year 's school papers and projects and they showed wear at the seams quickly - not what you want in a folder filled with papers . I think I will stay with the brand I get at Staples .
 They smell absolutely horrible out of the packaging . I honestly have gotten a headache from being around them . Otherwise , in terms of functioning , they appear to be helpful so far . The split capability is useful . However , THE SMELL IS UNACCEPTABLE . THE COMPANY OWNERS SHOULD CARE ENOUGH TO AIR THESE THINGS OUT & / OR WASH THEM BEFORE SHIPPING THEM . I CA N'T UNDERSTAND HOW THE CEO OF THIS COMPANY THINKS THAT THIS IS OKAY .
 Please do not buy this . This product smells awful -- its absolutely unliveable . There must be a better product out there . If I could rate this zero stars I would .
 I purchased this paper for double sided printing , and found too much see-through , despite the claims in its description .
 Oops , with all the hype about this being ink-jet paper , I was disappointed to find it is just `` plain '' paper without the special coating which gives the best results on ink-jet printers . Graphics and especially photos are muddy without deep blacks . Nuts , but my fault for falling for HP 's claim that this was Inkjet paper . No , it 's just uncoated plain paper .
 This is nice paper - good weight , good brightness . Too bad it 's so slick I have to babysit the printer to get it to finish even small print jobs .
 Nearly all the book is simply a list of city names and zipcodes . There are a few maps , of a city here , a county there , but not nearly enough maps to make the book worth purchasing . It 's basically an outmoded book ; perhaps a few decades ago it was essential for anyone doing national marketing , but today it 's barely useful . Go to the USPS website , and you will find greater functionality than you could get by owning this book .
 I ordered 2 of these tables to surprise my wife to go along with 2 new chairs I purchased . They came in on November 17th . I pulled them out when the chairs arrived over Thanksgiving . Upon inspecting the parts to put them together I noticed the following . 1 -RRB- A Front door corner was damaged where the hinge pin is inserted . It is smashed completely . 2 -RRB- A mount bracket was broken off of one of the baskets . 3 -RRB- The shoulder on one of the plastic hinge pins is smashed . 4 -RRB- A hardware cover was missing to go over the cam-lock . Only 7 were supplied instead of 8 that were needed on one of the tables . Also I found that I had holes that were not fully drilled through . 4 to be exact , in the front doors . 2 were drilled far enough that I could knock them out with a punch . 2 I had to pull out the drill , they were actually drilled down from the top and up from the bottom with wood still in the middle , I understand that this method is so there is no breaking of the wood veneer on one sraight drill through , when the drill would come out the ther side , but they could make sure that these holes were drilled out . I had holes that were not drilled in the right place and were slightly off . This made assembly terrible and quite a chore . One of the baskets had one of the mount flanges so terribly welded it fell off and the rest are really flimsy at best . Now they actually look pretty good when you assemble them and I was able to assemble one from the 2 I received . So I notified them of the problen in the beginnig of December . By the 9th they said the parts were ordered . On the 17th of December I still had n't heard of even a ship date for the parts . Their customer support wrote back saying `` I apologize for the delay , I have asked for status on your parts request , I will let know once I received status . '' Now here I am on Christmas Eve , still no notification , no parts , nothing -LRB- but they have my money -RRB- and I wrote them back asking for at least a ship date for the parts . I just checked on line and the status of my request has been downgraded from normal priority to low and it is deemed solved . That 's rich . Draw your own conclusions . I 'll keep you posted . THis deserves 3 or 4 stars if I received 2 tables that I could assemble and use . But after this I will never deal with this company and its affiliates again . That is why I gave it one star .
 This product was extremely hard to put together . Nothing fit . Missing slats for the magazine rack and am still waiting for parts to come from company after contacting them by phone . Really disappointed .
 I was/am disappointed with my mouse pad . The coloring is off . The wolf looks too green -LRB- why is it green ? -RRB- and the background was not dark enough . I went over the black background with a black magic marker and onto some of the dark areas on the wolf itself . It made it look much better , but I would n't recommend it . I feel bad saying that ... Anyway , it 's only a mouse pad , could be worse
 I bought this primarily on the basis of positive reviews here , and I regret it . I 'm delighted to see that it works for other people 's use cases , but wanted to share my different experience.What I wanted was an armless stool that I could use to sit higher at my home desk while I do computer work . My regular office chair is too low for me to type comfortably and I develop arm pain when using it . -LRB- the top of my desk is 29 '' from the floor , with standard keyboard on top , and my regular chair seat is about 21 '' from the floor . -RRB- This stool fits the bill on that
 This stool 's seat does tilt forward , but only very slightly -- from some angles you might think it 's actually only tilting backward due to the concave seat top . The surface of the seat is quite hard -LRB- reminiscent of the heavy rubber mats used in resteraunt kitchens -RRB- and has a pronounced lip on the forward edge . This means , for me , the chair must lowered to position where my knees are just about even with my hips to keep the lip from cutting off some or all of the circulation my legs . It also means I have to be conscious about how I rest or sit on it , since unconsciouly backing on to it while in though always results in the lip digging deep in one hamstring or the other and a completely dead leg when I want to stand again . I 'm 6 ' 0 '' and 190lbs with `` average '' joint proportions and once the seat is more than 2-3 '' above its minimum height , the lip will begin to cut.Two stars because I can think of ways it could be worse , though I 've not actually encountered those in any other chair , no matter how cheap .
 I was looking for a stool I could lean on as I stand a lot during the day , but this was a stool I could only sit on . I could n't get it to tilt forward at all . And the seat is very uncomfortable . I sat on it for about 10 minutes and could n't take it any more . It was easy to assemble . Thankfully Amazon has a great return policy and the return shipping was reasonable -LRB- under 20 dollars -RRB- .
 I bought this as a cheaper `` starter '' to try out the concept before buying a saddle chair . Verdict
 I put it together in less than 15 minutes and loved the optional glider or caster feet.I 've only been sitting on it for about an hour but it 's great so far . I 'll update again after I 've used it a few days.UPDATE
 We were looking forward to using this as our mainkitchen phone ... it had many features for few bucks . Instead , ithad to be returned . We could not call out on it and incomingcalls were very faint , almost imposssible to hear . I was trulydisappointed as it is so difficult to find a good landline phonenowadays . Test it out carefully once you receive it . Do n't let itsit idle in the box .
 We were looking for a new phone to replace our old one that no longer worked after 20 + years . The phone claims to have caller id , but whenever a call comes in there is no information available to view before picking up the phone . Also , this phone claims to be `` wall mountable '' . I mounted it to the wall -LRB- where the old one was -RRB- , put the receiver on and the receiver would n't stay . This is a very disappointing product from at & t . They do n't make them like they used to . We 'll be lucky to get a year out of this phone .
 We got this phone new from Amazon . It was waaay less than $ 39 ! It has been a year and it just quit working all of a sudden . It just sits on a table , no dropping necessary.Caller ID was hard to read . And it had one of those cords that was cheap and thin so you could never get is untangled . Very funny joke when you try to answer the phone and the entire phone is lifted to your face due to cord knottage which can lead to you hitting yourself with the phone so be careful!So save your money and get an old phone at good will or freecycle .
 I believe this is an old phone ... when you answer the phone somtimes you will inadvertly hit the buttons on receiver . Not happy with this purchase .
 I was looking for a simple wall phone . The backlight does not work , there for I have no caller id or last call incoming . I read the bad reviews and thought I may overlook them for the price , it is way too annoying . I find myself looking for another phone while in the room with this one . The faults expressed in the reviews are real and very annoying .
 I am still looking for a speakerphone with caller ID , but I got sidetracked by this one . It has me baffled -- I do n't see how a call can be made from it . Where are the numbers ? HELP !
 I wanted to cancel this order when it became apparent it could not be combined with my other order . I did not want to pay multiple shipping fees . I recieved a message to late order pulled and in shipping process . This was all done on a Sunday and the order was not shipped until the following Tuesday . Sad way to do business that no one is availble to stop this order days before it shipped.Stephen
 This phone does not work . I rated it one star because I could not get past this page without filling it in . It deserves NO stars . I am very disappointed . This is the first time I ordered anything other than books and I hesitate to order again . Since I had to open the box to find out that it did not work , it is not in its original packing . How do I return the phone for full refund ?
 Makes calls , receives calls ... BUT LED comes and goes randomly -LRB- supposed to flash to indicate new calls -RRB- ; LCD display comes and goes ; and does not reliably save calls in list . Mine must have an electronics problem .
 I 've always had AT&T ; phones and have always been really happy with them . Until now . I needed a replacement for my corded kitchen wall phone -LRB- AT&T ; trimline without caller ID or anything else -RRB- and wanted one that had caller ID . Good luck finding anything decent that is n't huge and looking like an CEO 's desk phone ! Found this , thrilled it was AT&T ; , and bought it . Mistake.The sound quality is horrendous - constant static . -LRB- And no , it 's not my phone line - none of the other phones in the house have a static sound . -RRB- But worse , and what made me take it off the wall after just about a month , is that I 'm sick of hanging up on people every time I move my hand on the thing . The buttons on the outside of the receiver are SO badly placed that you are forever hitting one or more of them either cutting you off your call , or it acting like `` Flash '' does . Infuriating . Maybe it 's just where I hold my hand or something , but I 'm quite sure I 'm not the only one this is happening to , and I 've no intention of relearning where and how I hold a phone to accommodate a static-y , cheap , badly designed phone.Bleh . I 'm so disappointed in AT&T ; for this one .
 The only thing wrong with this otherwise perfectly simple phone is the blinking red light that uselessly informs you that someone , sometime , in the indefinite past , called you . I 've got an answering service to tell me that!So you get this red light on top of the phone that blinks forever and never stops , regardless of whether you have a message waiting or not -- and there 's no way to permanently turn off that blinking light . You can delete the ` memory ' of the last calls -- one at a time ! -- but the next time someone calls , BAM ! There goes the blinking red light again . Very annoying if the phone is bedside . And putting a piece of tape over the phone rather defeats the aesthetics of the thing , do n't ya think ?
 Very poorly designed . When you hold the receiver in your right hand , in a way that is natural for the average person , your fingers automatically hit the buttons they inconveniently placed on the outer side of the receiver . I was on the phone and hit the flash button repeatedly even though I was well aware the button was there and was trying to avoid it . You ca n't avoid it unless you want to put your hand in a very odd position , and get cramps . No kidding . In order to hold the receiver and not hit the flash button you have to cramp up your hand into an odd position and hope you do n't drop the phone.And you can not place the phone on your shoulder to hold it , if you temporarily need to use both hands for something else . And , for those of us who still use an attachable shoulder cradle -LRB- a.k.a. shoulder rest -RRB- , you can not attach it to this phone due to the buttons on the outside of the receiver.I do n't want to be mean , but honestly , the person who designed this phone should be fired.Outgoing sound was bad - the person I was talking to reported a hissing noise.Incoming sound was actually good , but that does not make up for the fact that holding the phone , what should be the simplest thing to do , ca n't be done comfortably.And just as an FYI - I 've tried them all ; VTECH 265 , ATT 265 , and ATT 1909VTECH COMMUNICATIONS INC 265 WHT Trimline TelephoneAT & T ; White Trimline Telephone -LRB- 1909 -RRB- and they are all the same design - do n't get any of these if you want to be able to comfortably hold the phone , let it rest on your shoulder , or use a shoulder cradle -LRB- a.k.a. shoulder rest -RRB- . See my photos of the ATT 1909AT & T ; White Trimline Telephone -LRB- 1909 -RRB- for an example of what I mean.If you want a very simple corded phone I can tell you the ATT Trimline 230 has worked well for me for about 20 years . The 230 model is now called theAT & T ; Corded Trimline Phone with 13-Number Memory -LRB- 210 -RRB- , slightly modified . I 've just ordered some 210s , for my MagicJacks , and I 'll be sure to review them , to see if they are as good as the 230s use to be .
 phone was great and then the caller id did n't work anymore . a total waste of money .
 I ordered 2 of these phones because I am having trouble finding this type phone in any local store . Needless to say - neither of the phones worked . On one phone the mouthpiece did not work . On the other , the handset had buttons that did not work at all.So I returned both of the phones .
 Inexpensive phone with good sound quality . Base is oddly high -LRB- almost three inches -RRB- . *** The caller ID just does n't work . *** I have other phones with caller ID on the same line which work fine . Then I see in the manual : `` This product meets the applicable Industry Canada technical specifications '' -LRB- a hint this might not be best for a US customer -RRB- and then : `` You may need to change your telephone service plan to enjoy this -LSB- the caller ID -RSB- feature . Contact your telephone service provider if : -- You have both caller ID and call waiting , but as separate services -LRB- you may need combined service -RRB- OR -- You have only caller ID service , or only call waiting service , but not both . `` I have both caller ID and call waiting and have no idea whether they 're `` separate '' - it 's a standard AT&T ; residential phone plan . It 's hard to believe trying to talk to AT&T ; about this nonsense would be fruitful , and I sure bet it would be time consuming.Would have been a great deal if the caller ID had worked out of the box .
 At first glance and first use , this phone seems to be just the ticket . Basic and cheap . Problem is though its more the cheap than the basic . The AT&T product designers should keep in mind who would want to use this phone , especially from their existing customer base . They are the people who loved the Trimline Phones for the same reason . Many of these people are now elderly . The bottom line is -- is that its a touch tone phone , and you can BARELY hear the tones that come out of the phone when you press the buttons . They are almost non-existent . Oh yes , they are there , and theres nothing wrong with the speakers , as the dial tones and voices are of the correct volume . Just the touch tones . But , it is a huge issue , as people do like the audible confirmations that what they dialed is `` heard '' by the phone .
 This telephone has a lot of bells and whistles for cheap . But . . if you have a wireless connection in your house , it will eventually disconnect your telephone reception . I called the telephone company for my spotty reception . They made a house call ... and to my surprise it was my new trimline telephone that was causing all of my trouble . It had constant static ... even with a dsl filter connected to the telephone jack . I unplugged it and my problems were solved . They need to update their equipment .
 This phone lasted about two and a half months before the caller ID function failed . The retailer would not take it back , and , after four calls totaling about two hours of being on hold and speaking to `` customer service , '' I first got the advice that I should attach another caller ID phone to the outlet or take my phone to someone else in my area code who has caller ID and ask that person to permit me to hook up my phone to see if the display worked . The best part of this advice is that I found a better phone at the same price . Assured that my caller ID function worked , I called `` customer service '' again and discovered that they wanted me to package the phone , ship it back to them , and wait six to eight weeks for a replacement . I do not recommend this phone , and I regret that AT&T has licensed its name to the company that manufactured this `` product . ''
 I bought this phone because I wanted something simple and corded . This phone worked great for the first few months , then the caller ID stopped working and now when I call someone or they call me they can barely hear me -LRB- although I hear them ok -RRB- . The sound quality is very poor and I need to get this phone replaced . A waste of money !
 I received the Harmonie as a gift a few years ago . Within about 2 months , the cap would no longer fit on the back of the pen because there is a button there that had gone askew . Having no place to put the cap was a huge annoyance , and also there is nothing to keep the pen from rolling when you set it down if the cap is not on.I contacted Waterman , but they said I would have to pay shipping both ways , and then they would determine if the fault was theirs or mine and charge accordingly . I did n't like that deal , and was shocked at their lack of customer service commitment , so instead took it to the store where it was purchased . The store sent it to Waterman for me , and it came back repaired more than 8 weeks later.Within two weeks the same issue occurred . I finally got annoyed enough to use some epoxy to glue the button back in place -LRB- not easy , as it does n't want to be aligned with the pen , and needs to be for the cap to go on -RRB- , and fixed it myself . Now , about a year later the button has come off in the cap and is irretrievable . The pen is ruined.I loved the way the pen felt and wrote , but sadly do n't see how the Harmonie can be recommended in light of this design flaw . I 'd also recommend looking at brands other than Waterman due to their lack of customer service , though I do not know the service reputations of other brands near this price range .
 I received this item , which was intended as a holiday gift , and was surprised by the poor quality . It is very thin , not well put together , and just all around cheap . I am returning it and will have to go out and purchase another one - at the mall . Which really irritates me , as I had managed to do all my shopping online this year .
 Buyer beware . The description includes the utterly irrelevant information that there are 25 binders in a box , but you do n't get a box . You get a single binder .
 Am I missing something ? These go for $ 1.25 elsewhere . Even office depot , the leader in high prices only want $ 1.99 ... Or is the product description unclear ? I says qty 1 ...
 Product listed as `` Ohaus SP401 400gx0 .1 W Rs232 Scout Ii Portable Balance `` When received found it does NOT have RS232 option .
 I placed an order for this product . ShopSpark charged me , sent a totaly diferent product and now they do n't want to send me the right product .
 The paper in and of itself is just fine . But Amazon did n't package it properly for shipment -- they used some tape to try to hold the paper box 's lid down rather than securely fastening the lid to the box . All of the reams of paper were opened and some were damaged . From other reviews of Amazon 's paper shipments , this seems to be standard practice . Be warned !
 Terrible packaging . The box it came in looked completely beaten up . When I opened the lid , I noticed all the paper wrapping for each and every ream of paper was in tatters . The actual paper were dirty on the sides and the corners on many sheets were folded down . I will never buy paper from amazon again and you should n't either .
 Just opened paper after having received it two and a half months ago . Much of the paper inside is damaged though the box appears to be fine . Would have selected returns but my two month window has expired . I now have $ 40 worth of water damaged paper and can do nothing but recycle it . Bummer !
 Sold me paper then canceled order no reason given . This seller likes to waist your Time ! Do n't bother with this person !!!!! Go to staples and save a bundle over this price .
 I have been using this product for several years and have clear files so you can see what is in the first and last pocket . Now that I need more all I have seen are 4 colors , red , blue , green , and yellow . Had I known there were brown ones , I would n't have ordered , because I do n't want brown on my shelves and now I have 2 brown ones . . Petty , I know , but colors is important to me . I am disappointed . Since there were only 2 available , why did n't the ad say they were brown instead of saying the color may vary ?
 The map looks just fine , but Amazon shipped it in a plastic bag . With no protection , it arrived badly crushed and bent , completely unusable . Amazon did replace it promptly , but this time used a flimsy cardboard box that still did n't protect it from damage . On a third attempt , also very prompt , they did n't even use the plastic bag , and it was badly damaged again . I appreciate the quick turnaround on the original order and the replacements , but it is absolutely ridiculous that a rolled-up laminated map would be packed for shipping without a protective tube -LRB- or without even a box , in two cases -RRB- . I gave up on Amazon and will purchase it somewhere else . It looks like a nice map .
 The first time this map was delivered , it was crushed and flattened as it was NOT shipped in a mailing tube ... just a plastic wrapper . Amazon customer service was very responsive and sent out a second map ... that also came without a mailing tube despite my asking that it be shipped in one . Alas , I had to return the second one as well . Looks like a nice map but I will have to find it locally . I can not understand why Amazon can not ship this product properly.Nancie F.
 I read a few of the reviews for this seller before buying this item and obviously took them too lightly . Clearly , whomever was responsible for packaging the map I ordered was far beyond incompetent . Rather than using a shipping tube or some type of box designed for shipping posters , this person hastily taped two boxes together and slapped the shipping label on the outside . My map arrived bent in the middle and damaged on both ends . It was almost more trouble to repackage the item and send it back than the $ 12 price tag warranted . At least the replacement item was in perfect condition , second time 's a charm . The map is exactly what I wanted and has plastic poster hanger things along the top and bottom that slide off . Very nice . I wish the seller could have gotten it right the first time .
 I just received my order . I 'm actually amazed at how you packaged the map . It was shipped flat and bent in 2 places . The map is completely destroyed and looks like a piece of junk . The hanging plastic piece is completely bent and warped , and the map itself is wrinkled throughout . I 'm sending it back in the same awful packaging.Rand McNally M-Series Full-Color Laminated World Wall Map , 50 x 32
 I understand that these reviews should be based on the PRODUCT , but people just need to not purchase this particular map from Amazon . As other people have complained about , I received the darn thing in a plastic bag . It was crumpled and creased beyond repair so I sent it back . When I find someone else selling this map I will purchase it from them , hopefully they understand the benefits of cardboard tubes . The map itself was exactly what I wanted .
 Okay , I love your printer , but Casio , ca n't you give us more for our money on the ribbons ?
 Looking to print on CDs ? These worked decent but in the long run , it is better to invest in a Canon Printer that will print on CDs . Yes ! Unfortunately due to Epson 's patent , Canon disabled their printing tray in the U.S. Market . But you can easily purchase a printing tray off ebay and get it to work . I own a Canon MP500 with print tray D and it works great . Pictures/Text/Full Color ... the result looks amazing . The Casio ribbons will print about 20 Discs or so before it runs out of tape ! That is very short ... The Canon printer will do atleast 500 Discs before it runs out of ink . The ratio is 7:20 -LRB- 35 cents per disc print w / text only -RRB- vs. 50:500 -LRB- 10 cents per disc print w / full color text/pictures -RRB- .
 The product was not the color I requested . The price of the product was way over what it should be . It was a nice binder that shold have been one third the price . I specifically asked for tan color and was not interested in black . This was overlooked .
 Just received this sharpener . For 40 plus bucks I hoped it would cut a nice point , but it is rounded and dull . Bummer.I would rate it as a Do Not Buy !
 I purchased mine at Costco thinking that I was getting good quality . I wish I had read these reviews first . It did ' t last very long . My sharpener that I bought at the grocery store lasted years longer than this thing .
 I got a deal on this and bought it for $ 14 . I do n't really like it at all . It is quite LOUD for a little pencil sharpener . Too loud in fact . It only sharpens one size pencil . If your kids have any other size , you can forget it . Most annoying is that the pencil shaving capacity is low and it will spill shavings if you do n't empty it frequently . The shaving container has a hole in the middle -LRB- see the product picture -RRB- and you have to unscrew the top to remove it instead of just pulling it out . If your shaving get above the lip of the interior , which is only 1 and 1/8th inches tall , you get shavings all over the place . What a crappy design!I would never buy this again and I truly want to give it away rather than be stuck with it . Avoid !
 I bought a version of the iPoint that did not have auto feed -- it merely had auto sensor shut off . One is supposed to press the pencil down lightly while it turns . It turns , and it turns , and it eventually sharpens the pencil , maybe after a minute . Ever try to keep your finger on the top of a turning pencil for a whole minute?I have yet to find a modern electric sharpener that was any good . I 'm going to try to find one of those heavy duty old manuals .
 I do not recommend purchasing this pencil sharpener.From the moment I removed this pencil sharpener form the box and sharpened my first pencil with it , the motor always sounded like it was `` working hard and was strained '' . I never gave it much thought at the time , outside of making it a point to be gentle when I used it . I rarely use pencils , so I maybe only used it a couple of dozen times - before it broke . I inserted a pencil into it and instead of hearing the usual grinding sound , I only heard a motor spinning.Since the sharpener was just-out-of-warranty , and thinking that there was something simple inside that may have only come loose , I decided to unscrew the cover and look inside . I was surprised at what I found . One of the plastic gears in the drive mechanism inside the sharpener had simply `` snapped '' in half . The rest of the mechanism looked to be very cheaply made , with a small motor too , much smaller than I would expect . At least from the inside , it reminded me of a of a product that should have only cost at most $ 20 , not $ 50 or more.Given that it was out of warranty , I figured I might be able to contact the company to get a replacement part for it . I figured that , despite it probably being a 25 cent part , they would end up charging me $ 5 for it as it was a $ 50 + sharpener . Being that it was n't a cheap sharpener , they SHOULD have replacement parts , right ? I was upset to find that I would not be able to get a replacement part , and I would also not be able to get it fixed as it was out of warranty . They told me that they do not have replacement parts for them since the sharpeners are imported from overseas . If it was under the 1 year warranty , I could return it to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- to possibly get a replacement . The end result ? I had no choice but to throw the pencil sharpener away.My advice : After speaking with a friend of mine who works in an elementary school , they suggested next time to buy one of the heavy-duty ones that the schools purchase - such as one of the many blue-colored ones that are made by X-Acto -LRB- too many different models here to list -RRB- . A quick look on Amazon and I found several models , many even cheaper than this pencil sharpener . Although many of these also have their share of bad reviews , these bad reviews are often from TEACHERS in SCHOOLS complaining that their sharpeners only lasted a maybe one school year , before breaking . My thought ? Of course , this is after they were likely massively abused by kids , as well as have been made to sharpen thousands of pencils during their short-lifetime of ... a year . . before breaking . Although I can not say if any of those pencil sharpeners are great sharpeners , I can say this
 I am a teacher that does not have my own classroom but I have plenty of students filtering into my class every day . Often times they come with dulled or broken pencils . After having to replace my hand sharpener for the third time , I decided to spend the $ 60 on a `` quality '' sharpener.At first this was a good move . My pencils were the sharpest in the school . After about 21/2 years it stopped working . The custodian tried to fix it but I just received an e-mail today that the sharpener can not be repaired . For $ 60 + a sharpener should last longer than that . I do not want to even contact the company because I know they will say it is no longer covered under the warranty.It was a nice sharpener while it lasted , though . Students were awestruck by how it worked so I used it as an award to try to get students to come prepared to my classroom!Pros : It was quick and efficient.It could sharpen any type of wooden pencil except the really short ones.It was a novel pencil sharpener . Students loved watching the pencil go in and come out on its own.Cons : It was really loud . I only sharpened pencils before or after school or for rewarding students only.It did not last very long considering the use . Keep in mind that I did not use it over the summer and I did not even use it on a daily basis because I am part-time . I 'm not sure what to do next because now I am without a sharpener and I do not want to invest in another expensive sharpener if it wo n't last more than 2 years.There has to be a heavy duty sharpener out there that will take on kids in an elementary school.I would n't recommend this sharpener unless you are planning on doing a lighter load of sharpening such as home or office use .
 I just received the iPoint 14203 School version of this product last week . It worked BEAUTIFULLY for ten minutes . Then , a too short pencil was put in it and the auto feed wo n't spit it back out . I 've tried tweezers , sticking a paper clip into the eraser , unplugging it and plugging it back in , smacking it on the bottom of the unit . Nothing works . I emailed iPoint 's customer service and they said they 'd send me a new one if I mail this one back . That 's great and all , but really , for a pencil sharpener made for school use , there should be a way to get a pencil out that gets stuck . Maybe a version that does n't have the self sharpening feature might be better but this version is a waste of money .
 It 's probably great for a one-or-two-person user situation where access is controlled . This pencil sharpener may be a little too smart for an environment with multiple users , however . Unless you can stand next to every person who needs to sharpen a pencil , there may be no way to convey the proper way to use this machine -- which is to keep your hands off of your pencil while it 's being sharpened.This lasted exactly one month in an adult education classroom . People seem to just be programmed to hold onto a pencil while it 's in the sharpener . In addition , while holding the pencil , most users will push on it or apply pressure thinking this will keep the pencil in the right position for the sharpening blades to do their thing.The students fried the `` lifting out '' mechanism of this sharpener in a mere 30 days . No matter how many students we told to let go of their pencil , it just did n't matter -- someone else was right behind , ready to actively work against the `` smart '' mechanisms of the pencil sharpener.Not a good choice if many users will be involved .
 this ca n't handle a large volume of sharpening . my son used this for 3 months and it ca n't sharp anymore and now i have to look for a new one .
 When emptying the pencil shavings the sharpener blades also came loose and were lost . I am very unhappy with this product and Amazon 's return policy . I have only used this for a few months .
 Lab notebook itself has pretty good quality . The reason I ordered this lab notebook was because it said 200 sheets ! but it only has 100 pages with 100 duplicates . It 's not 200 pages . The title of this product is somewhat confusing and I could have bought something cheaper than this at local store if I knew there was only 100 pages . -LRB- Being a student , price does matter ! -RRB-
 I am still waiting for the product to arrive . It is now 23 days late and I have e mailed the sender with no response . It is unfair to rate a product I can not use . If there is any way Amazon can help me get the product I paid for I would appreciate it .
 DRAWS DO NOT CLOSE TERRIBLE QUALITY DO NOT BUY . I AM USING THIS IN MY OFFICE BUT DRAWS DO N'T CLOSE I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS .
 Pretty flimsy metal ; easy to assemble ; well packaged ; fits nicely under desk ; in the initial information dimensions were not givenbut it worked out well since I wanted one to go under my desk .
 This metal file cabinet looks great , but the bottom drawer does not work properly . You have to re-aligned every time you open it in order to close . Not a good construction . If I was aware of this , I would n't have bought it .
 I purchased this because I only needed one large drawer for filing in my home office and thought this would be perfect . Plus the two top drawers would help with my office organization . The cabinet was put together easily , the wheels just needed to be attached but I could n't get the screws to go in all the way so the wheels are n't sturdy and I ended up just removing them.After I had my files put in the drawer , the drawers would n't close all the way . I removed the files , the drawers shut fine . Files back in , they would n't close . I found that if I lifted the drawer and then pushed down while I was closing it , it shut ! Although this should n't be that difficult ! Now the drawers open at random times ... lovely.Also the lock feature is great , except it does n't lock properly -LRB- or unlock properly -RRB- . Not sure how it unlocked the top and bottom drawer but not the middle drawer.In conclusion , pass on this cabinet . It 's NOT worth the $ 100 + that they charge .
 The construction of this cabinet is not sufficiently sturdy enough to ensure that everything lines up appropriately and the drawers can close completely .
 I bought this chair from Office Max because it looked great and seemed to be quite comfortable as I sat on the floor model . Once I got it home , that 's when I realized I may have made a mistake . This chair is VERY cheaply made . You must put it together and the pieces barely fit . The quality control of the manufacturing must be done by blind people . After about 3 weeks , the foam cushion in this chair broke down and caused me to have severe back pain.I work from home and sit in a chair for at least 10 hours a day and I was hoping this chair would work out for me . It did not . I 'm gon na stop screwing around and just buy an Aeron .
 I purchased this `` Broyhill '' leather chair from Office Max . The chair came with the plastic covers at the feet snapped off straight out of the box . Also the arms could not be appropriately tightened due to mis-threaded inserts in the chair . Customer support at Broyhill claimed it was not made by Broyhill but that it was produced under `` license '' and they had no responsibility . Although I have over $ 10K worth of Broyhill furniture in my house , I will never buy Broyhill again !
 Screen time hard to read , too bright snooze button that flashes when alarm radio goes off , phone receiver audio tinny . Learning curve to operating buttons . It 's ok but just ok .
 While the space saving feature of this type of clock-radio is great , I am already looking for a replacement . The main issue is the LED numbers are too hard to read . No matter what back-light setting is selected , I ca n't ever read the clock -LRB- either daytime or nighttime ; straight-on or at an angle ; sleepy or wide awake ! -RRB- . Also it is pretty lightweight , so I have to be careful when picking up the phone because many times I have pulled it right into bed with me ! The caller ID , the two separate alarm settings , and the radio tuner are great . Setting the alarm is not very intuitive , so you have to pull out the manual to figure it out , but once learned it is OK . I would rate this higher but as a clock radio where the clock ca n't be read - I have to only give it a 2-star .
 Unlike what 's being illustrated on the photo , which is also on the label for the product package , the tabs for both the yellow folders and the green holders are on the RIGHT hand side instead of LEFT hand side as illustrated and as what they should be . This makes the product with only center tabs -LRB- purple and red -RRB- and tabs on the right hand side -LRB- the rest colors -RRB- . We ordered three packages and they are all the same , which is really disappointing . We were looking forward to getting them so we can start reorganizing our files but now have to repack and take them back to the post office . Suggest Amazon discontinue carrying this product until the problem is corrected .
 We gave up buying cheap puzzles long ago . The extra cost of a quality puzzle is -LRB- usually -RRB- worth the extra cost . We will usually only purchase Springbok or Ravensburger . Well , our list just shrunk to Ravensburger only . This Springbok puzzle is a piece of junk . It is not cut through the entire bottom piece of card stock , so about every third piece had to be torn apart . This is aggravation enough , but the consequence is that the pieces do n't fit together well . In fact , you wonder if every piece you fit together is actually the correct piece or not . It appears that the manufacturer has changed a process that has resulted in an inferior product . I will avoid all Springbok puzzles in the future .
 These cards were just okay . I 've ordered other hand made type cards on-line before that were MUCH better . The bonus cards were horrible .
 Do n't know anything at all about this phone . But how could you buy from a company that calls you a fool for buying their products ? Jut say the second word of the brand name out loud and you 'll know what I mean . : -RCB-
 These report covers are very flimsy and they do n't hold much . The product description says they are supposed to hold 1/2 inch of paper . I do n't think they hold that much . At least they did n't for me . So they wo n't work for the purpose that I bought them for.I 've used the ACCO Pressboard Report Covers in the past and have been very happy as they hold 3 inches of paper securely . I bought the Avery Report Covers because I could n't find the ACCO in a package of 10 . So , I 'm going to keep looking for the ACCO covers .
 Do n't waste your money . It uses a ribbon , which jammed and tore the second time I used it . They 've sealed the cartridge , so you ca n't patch it . AVOID .
 Tricky to operate , fair results , batteries drain if left in even with unit off . Not recommended .
 For some reason I do n't have the option to send feedback on this order so I am writing here in hopes that someone will contact me . The product arrived early and in good shipping condition . Everything is good quality but we did n't get any of the orange squares that should have been in the package . The box says it should come with six different shapes and colors but ours only came with 5 . Someone please contact me and correct this . I think if we had all the parts we would love this product and order more cards .
 This would have been perfect purchase , but the orange square shape is missing from the package . Not a happy customer .
 The functions work about as well as similar calcs . No problem there . But even on a flat , hard surface the thing rocks slightly , causing a bumping every time I punch a key . No big deal ? I have to place it on a mouse pad or pad of paper to use it extensively . More often than not . I 'll use the calc . on my computer if I do n't need the feet/inches functions . If I had n't foolishly thrown the original packaging away , I would have returned it to Amazon
 Only the cover is of better quality , but the plastic cover for the cards are creased and of bad quality
 It was great at first , but it snapped within a month . Kind of large to keep in your pocket , but it does have a belt clip . Opt for another product .
 I attempted to use these pins to hold arm covers for a sofa . when you screw them in , almost every pin head loosened away from the pin shaft so that the head would spin freely from the curly shaft . This made it impossible to screw in further , or remove for that matter . 80 % of the pins in my package broke . It is possible that my batch was constructed improperly but looking at the pin head design , I can not see how they expect the plastic to stick to the metal shaft . Any torque will break the item . My sofa was cloth an not very difficult to pierce so I can not see this working any better for other purposes either .
 Every one of these fasteners broke as I tried to use them securing a bed skirt to the box springs mattress . I have little `` brads '' sticking out of the box springs mattress that catch every fabric on the bed . Each fastener 's plastic top/head snapped as I tried screwing them down . RUN from this product . I would send them back for a refund , however , there is nothing but broken plastic and stubby little brads left . Not worth the trouble .
 I had purchased it to help hold down a rug on a carpet . Unfortunately the pin broke from the plastic and it did not work .
 I would never buy trough here this again , I prefer to do it myself yes there is a website . the price of the shipping is absurd for the quality and the little amount of these pins
 I purchased Intertape 4349 Stretch-Flex Stretch Wrap to protect windows in new addition during the drywall and painting phases , based on similar product used at the lumber yard to bind long plastic supplies together for transport . I envisioned wrapping it around the outside edges of new windows on the inside , to provide a more complete seal than heavy plastic nailed over the window sash . Well , long story short , the stretch wrap did n't cling to itself , so it did n't meet my intention ; we added more nails to the heavier plastic for a tighter seal . I do n't know whether it is too cold for it or whether it would work in `` true wrap '' situations , such as pallets , boxes , or luggage . Regardless , I would n't define it as `` cling wrap '' or `` stretch film '' . Intertape 4349 Stretch-Flex Stretch Wrap with Extended Core Handles 20-Inches x 1000-Feet
 This stuff stinks very bad , when you tightly wrap it , it changes from chemical smell to burning plastic smell . I had to make sure nothing in my house was on fire at first because of the smell .
 This rotary cutter drives me CRAZY . Unless I meticulously align my paper with the grid painted on the cutting surface , I get a crooked cut . With every other paper cutter I have owned , I could simply bump the paper up against the raised guide at the top or the bottom of the cutting surface and get a perfect 90 degree angle . Not so with this baby . I also find the 12 '' size limiting . And I do n't recall any other brand of cutter becoming blunt so fast . Fiskars lost my business when they redesigned their rotary cutters making my dearly loved model obsolete . I was so frustrated not to be able to replace my old , worn-out cutting mat when everything else about it worked like a dream . But I 've learned my lesson . Hello Fiskars -- I 'm back .
 The first few cuts on photo paper leave you with sharp edges but as the cutting continues the edges become more and more ragged.The problem is the cutting mat . A groove develops from the cutting wheel and the only solution is to replace the mat and at $ 15.95 that becomes pretty expensive .
 We have ordered 4 of these for a small stationery business.Out of the 4 , 1 has worked perfectly for us . The other 3 being completely not square , Making cutting extremely difficult , off , timely and costly.The shop owner has been reasonable , but we just want a square cutter for accurate cuts.Would recommend the seller , would not recommend these Carl cutters .
 I like the way this cuts but I use it mostly for cutting photo paper rolls into standard sizes and I found it was n't cutting the paper square . It can be as much as 1/32 of an inch off over a 5 inch print . I messed with the screws holding the base and it cut square for a while , but after a while , it started cutting out of square again . I should n't have to pre-check every cut to make sure it will be right.Also , it is very difficult to know where the blade will cut . If you are lining up exactly on the inch , you can get a pretty good cut but if you just want to cut a fraction of an inch off of something , it is almost impossible to judge the cut.Crazy as it seems , my wife has gone back to the guillotine style cutter we had before . The reason we got the new cutter was because the guillotine style was always pulling the paper out of square if you did n't do it just right yet my wife feels she gets a better cut with the old cutter than the new rotary trimmer . Mostly she likes the old cutter because she can better judge where it will cut . I think the rotary trimmer is better than the guillotine cutter but neither of them do a great job with a really square cut .
 the thing that you receive is not the the same as you see here.it is just simple but in the picture you see that it is like glassy ones.do not wast your moneyCharles Leonard Inc. . Push Pins , Assorted Colors , 100/box -LRB- 200-AR -RRB-
 The materials used are very low quality for the price of these hangers . The screws are so soft and short that 5 out of 8 became stripped as I removed them from the lightweight aluminum bracket -LRB- necessary to connect to the plastic portion -RRB- and were unable to be used . I took special care in unscrewing these after the first one became stripped , but the overall quality of the metal is really poor.The plastic and aluminum of the brackets are both flimsy and I would be concerned about using these brackets to support anything but the lightest of dry-erase boards . This is accentuated by the short fastening screws which -LRB- even when not stripped -RRB- probably are only holding the bracket together by a thread or two.I 'm also unimpressed by customer service of this vendor . I asked them to send me 1 or more replacement screws , but they stated that wo n't do this since they do n't stock spare parts . They then had the gall to advise me to contact the manufacturer . After spending over $ 32 on 4 brackets I expected a little more . I am requesting a full return and will post additional vendor feedback based on how this goes .
 I normally only write reviews when I get a truly bad product . This is one of those reviews . This product is very confusing to assemble . The hanger itself is made of aluminum and bends easily . The screws got stripped and I had to use some gripping tools to get them out . The aluminum bent and I had to pound it back into shape with a hammer . All around crappy product . I would have been better off with a piece of wire coat hanger .
 I took a chance on these and got burnt . Granted , they were inexpensive . You have to screw them together when they arrive . But , the parts do n't attach to each other well resulting in the hangers coming apart as soon as you hang something on them . In this case , it was a dry erase board for my cube.I would n't recommend them .
 These `` brackets '' were made of very inexpensive aluminum which would not fit over the cap on my 3 '' cubicle wall . When they were placed over the wall they bent so badly they were not only unusable but unreturnable - $ 15 for brackets was already over my price range - now I 'm out the money and ended up using a homemade bracket for $ 5 from the hardware store .
 Very weak - does n't hold to the top of the panel well . You could hang only something very lightweight , and even then it might slip . Just not designed well .
 The product I received was 2 pieces of plastic and 2 tiny pieces of metal . Seemed like I could make this item for about $ 1 and a trip to Home Depot . It might have worked for a week or so before breaking , but since it is n't remotely close to the items showed in the photo I returned them .
 Decent looking phone however the ringers are so whisper quiet -- even on the HI setting -- that you can not hear the phone ring ! I first bought this phone at Best Buy , returned it for this reason . A week later I found it a little cheaper at Staples so I thought I 'd give it another shot in case the first one was defective . No dice -- same inaudible rings . Definitely avoid this phone !
 I took a chance on this phone even after reading some less than complimentary reviews . I returned the phone for the following reasons : - Volume is very low , even when set at maximum . - Voice clarity is very poor . Sounds like a cell phone . - The speakerphone cuts in and out so you end up holding it to your ear anyway .
 After doing a lot of internet research and reading other reviews of similar type phones , I purchased this model locally . It had all the features - answering machine , expandable to 4 handsets -LRB- I bought all 4 -RRB- speakerphone in the handsets , and caller ID . I was n't happy about the price , but need this type of system and have found Panasonic equipment to be reliable . This phone has a major tech problem with the sound volume during a call . You can manually adjust the volume while on the phone , however , even after adjusting all 4 handsets , the volume was so low we were straining to hear the person ! I contacted Panasonic thinking there was a way to `` tweak '' it - after all - I just spent over ... on this baby - and they flat out said - there 's no way to adjust the volume . If you live in an area where your phone company has switched to a low voltage type system - usually in highly populated areas that are more technically advanced , then you are out of luck . Apparently there 's not enough voltage in the phone line to boost the volume . You 'll need bionic hearing to use it on a regular basis , unless you exclusively use the speakerphone . I 'm taking mine back and trying another brand .
 We have bought a base set and two handsets . Unfortunately we also returned one base and two handsets . This was a great phone set with a couple major exceptions . The one fatal flaw with this system was that it is very hard to hear the caller , even with the handset volume turned all the way up . It is too quiet . All three handsets were identical.Another fault is that the handset datasets can not be synched , so you have to enter phone numbers individually into each hand set.On the plus side , the phone was easy to set up . It also had great range , and very little hiss or other noise . The handset speaker phone was also very nice . When receiving a call from this phone , on speakerphone , you could not tell the caller had turned on the speakerphone . It is too bad the phone is too quiet , it would have been a nice system.Also , I replaced the system with a V-tech VT 2461 . It is interesting to note that that except for the shape and color of the case , the Vtech is apparently idential to the Panasonic . The features , menus , set up protocols , button position , and even the screens are the same . Unfortunately , the Vtech is also too quiet .
 I read tons of reviews on multi-handset cordless phones , and thought that maybe I could live with the negatives reported by users of this phone -- I was wrong . This phone was loaded with features I wanted -LRB- including 3 additional handsets I also purchased -RRB- , but that did n't overcome the fact that unless I held the phone to my ear just so , I could n't hear the caller . And I ca n't tell you how many times I hung up on folks or muted them or hit the flash button unintentionally . After three weeks of trying to perform the basic function of talking on the telephone with no accidents , I returned the whole mess . I 'll wait until Uniden comes out with a similar system , wait until users review it , then take the reviews more seriously . ; - -RRB-
 If you have multi-handset phone questions , I 'm the person to talk to . These were one of many different sets I tried out.First the good .1 . Backlit keypads and LCD .2 . Easy to add names to memory from caller ID list .3 . Ability to use multiple phones at once and page any phone or number of phones .4 . Speakerphone built into handsets .5 . Does n't interfere with wireless internet network -LRB- unlike Sony . -RRB- Problems .1 . Hello , HELLO ! This phone is just too darn quiet .2 . YES , I AM CAN REPEAT THAT ! Switching to speakerphone fixes you not hearing the caller ... but then the caller has problems hearing you unless you shout into phone .3 . Ca n't edit names on numbers you add from caller I.D. Big pain here . If the person is calling from a cell phone they will forever be `` Cellular call '' along with everyone else that does likewise .4 . Ca n't transfer phone list from phone to phone . Must enter them on each handset.Is there happiness to be found in the multi-handset market . See my review of Vtech 's similar system .
 We got this phone because it has a small footprint and attractive form factor , even though it was one of the most ... phones at Target . But as soon as we plugged it in , it was a different story . . It is hard to figure out how to dial in the first place , and when you do make a connection , the volume is very low , even if you set it on maximum . You can set it on handset speaker , and then you can hear OK , but you find you are talking AT your phone , not into it . This is bothersome . Sound quality is poor overall , with drop-outs and a slight constant white noise hiss.This phone is going back to the store !
 I agree with Stacy , if you live in a large city and have a telco that uses low volage , do not purchase this phone . I ca n't even get a dial tone in one room , in another room the reception is fuzzy . Went through the whole nine yards with Panasonic tech support and , it seems , there is nothing I can do about this problem .
 In case you have n't noticed , this phone is a clone of the Vtech multi-set series . Only Vtech gets a better menu system and is more ergonomic.The Good : - Lit keypad and LCD screen.-Easy to add numbers to memory from caller I.D.-Can talk on multiple handsets at once.-Nice loud ringtone-Handsfree speakerphone very slick-Base can be used as a speakerphone when you ca n't find the handset.-Phone does n't interfere with wireless network systems.-Phone clear.The not so good.-Can ' t edit the name in phone numbers in memory . So , if someone calls you from their cellphone and you save this number it will be `` Cellular phone call '' forever.-Phone very quiet ... even on loudest setting -LRB- actually settings do n't seem to change loudness much . -RRB- - Other person ca n't hear you well when you use speakerphone option on handset.The terrible.-Phone 's mute and hold buttons too easy to press when clamping phone between ear and shoulder . Worse , mute button becomes another button once you 've muted ... you ca n't just press it again to unmute . Instead you have to hit the main `` Talk '' button again.COnclusion
 ... It was still in the factory sealed package - brand new , never opened . I ca n't take it back of course and I would n't sell it to someone else because it is a piece of junk . Panasonic will not fix it or let me return it because I do not have a receipt.The problems are like everyone else says ... . the volume is too low and the white noise makes it even worse . I have two young children and the house is never quiet enough to hear on any of these handsets . The house really has to be completely quiet in order to use these phone . I have to use the headset in order to hear ... My FIL wears a hearing aid and can not use these phones at all ! When he is here he has to use our cell phones.I would use the speaker phone but it cuts in and out and so it is worthless also . Panasonic is completely unsympathetic . They told me to disconnect the phones , leave them off for one minute , clean the connectors . I did that , but it did n't make a difference . I also charged the phone up originally in the proper manner that someone else mentioned . My phones are not near any other electrical appliances . Nope , it 's just a piece of junk.I read the reviews on Amazon but thought I could get past the complaints because all the phones seemed to have some complaints . I figured this one had the fewest . So believe me when I say , DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 I brought this phone system and an additional handset . It had good features and I had a Panasonic Cordless phone/answerer -LRB- 47mhz -RRB- for about 9 years that was trouble free and good for its time . So , I figured I could n't lose with Panasonic 's 2.4 ghz system . I charged the handsets up and tested the system out . What an incredible disappointment ! The loudest volume setting was barely adequate . After conducting a test between the new 2.4 ghz phone and the old 49mhz Panasonic , I found that the clarity , signal strength , and functioning distance of my old cordless phone was better than the new one -- that 's right better than the new one!I e-mailed Panasonic customer service asking them how that could be ? Their first reply was an automated message which informed me where I could get a copy of the manual . I did n't ask for nor need a manual ! When I emailed them again I got a second response thanking me for my input . It was as if no living person actually read the email.I promptly returned the Panasonic phone system and will never purchase another one from that company . In part because of the poor product performance and also the lack of a genuine response from a living , rather than automated , customer sales `` representative `` If you are considering purchasing this or a similar Panasonic cordless phone , I strongly recommend that you do not waste your time.Check out the Siemen 's cordless system . That 's whay I 'm going to do .
 I received the KX-TG1050N multi-phone system as an anniversary present . It was still in the factory sealed package - brand new and never opened . I set up the unit and let it charge over night . When I anxiously started using the handset , there was no display . I found the handset to have a crack in the display from the top to the bottom , but no outward apperance of being crushed . The clear cover over the display was not scratched or cracked in any way . I contacted customer services , who had me send the handset to a factory repair site in Texas ... after I bought another handset ... I received a letter saying that the handset was abused and that they would not repair it under warranty , but would repair it for $ -LSB- money -RSB- When I contacted them , and after being put on hold for more than 25 minutes long distance , they told me that whenever they receive a handset with a cracked display , it is automatically assumed that it has been abused and therefore not covered under the warranty . I was very disheartened by this experience with Panasonic . I have several Panasonic appliances , but I will never buy any Panasonic product again .
 I was excited about this phone at first . I bought it and two more add-on handsets.As a system , the phone has a lot of problems . Each time the phone is picked up for either an incoming or outgoing call , the phone pauses , gives a loud `` bee-deep ... bee-deep ... bee-deep '' and displays the message `` Parallel Handset In Use . `` Answering a call goes something like this
 I. ... bought this phone because of its name . The price was right at the time of my purchase since it was -LRB- returned item sale -RRB- . Well ... BIG MISTAKE . I CAN NOT HEAR the other party ~ !!! HEEEELLLLOOO ???? I am tossing this away , and search for new , better sound quality one . Now , I am double cautious about Panasonic phone , even I still want to trust the brand . -LRB- Sony sucked ... I do not like Made in USA of anything = JUNK -RRB- .
 Like other 's who have posted here , my phone is going back to the store today . After having nearly every caller tell me that they could n't hear me , and finding no way to adjust the volume any louder , I went out and bought a different phone . Also , because of the design of the keypad , would constantly brush the keys against my face and inadvertantly hang up on callers . Good idea , bad design .
 I originally bought this Panasonic and returned it because of poor sound quality . But before I returned it , I purchased the new V-tech model available for $ ... at target . It had all the same features , and I was going to compare the two . They are the * exact * same phone . Same display , same menus , same rings , even the synthesized voice on the voicemail system is the same . There is a curious difference though , the V-tech has way better sound quality.Don ' t throw your money away on the Panasonic . But the V-tech for less and get better sound . I opened up the phone , and the components are the same . Panasonic and V-tech are probably just buying these from a 3rd party , putting custom cases on them , and reselling them . Maybe the V-tech has a better speaker and mic though , because it 's much better sounding .
 Extremely disappointed with this product . The handset volume is too low , even though the setting is set to receive the maximum volume . The handset speakerphone performed ok initially , but since is practically inoperable . The slightest backround noise cancels conversation with the other end and replaces talk with silence . Impossible to rest the phone on a shoulder to talk without depressing the off button on your cheek . The handset is a little small . No problems with answering machine . Fortunately I never purchased additional handsets for the unit . I wanted this phone to perform considering I took my time researching several products and thought I selected a good one . I defended my choice for a while , although every person who used the phone had their complaints about volume , etc. . Should have listened to them and returned while I had the chance , however I did not use the phone much to form an solid opinion .
 I have base station and one additional handset.The battery life is great , but the other features of the phone are poor . The handsets do n't share saved phone numbers . Changing the volume of the base station ringer requires resorting to the manual . The sound quality is poor . Pushing the wrong buttons happens frequently , you will accidentally hang up on callers . Incoming calls are n't silent even with ringer turned off . The base unit can wake me from bed side table with ringer turned off.Hand set speaker phone is loud and works alright .
 If the sound and reception were up to par , this would be a great system . I wish I had read some of the reviews before purchasing . I 'm just returning this and two handsets today . The features are wonderful , though lacking a few things that could be helpful - a screen on the base unit that imitates the handset disply -LRB- the base handset display does n't track with what 's happening on the base unit -RRB- and a voice mail button that will dial direct to my service as on another Panasonic that I own.I 'm going to wait , though , until the sound and the reception catches up to the features . The background noise was unacceptable and the range was not great . The intercom feature was good , but not the principal reason I bought the phone .
 I have spent a lot of time reviewing all models/styles/brands of phones , looking for `` just the right one '' for my kitchen . Because I love to cook , I was looking for a cordless speakerphone telephone that would be wall-mountable so that I would not have to stop what I was doing every time the phone would ring . I was so elated to find that this Panasonic model not only had a speakerphone in the base unit , but also in the hand held unit . To my surprise , and disbelief , I found that this unit had to mounted to the wall with the BACK of the base unit -LRB- not the BOTTOM -RRB- attached to the wall . It stuck straight out of the wall -LRB- like a shelf -RRB- - just like it would be setting on a table !! Then , I discovered that even with the handset volume set at the loudest setting , I could barely hear what anyone was saying . And to top it off , my voice sounded very muffled to anyone I was talking with . I tried the handset speakerphone once . The handset was on the table right in front of me . I could not hear one thing the person on the other end was saying and vice versa . I was so disappointed that I had to send it back after 3 days of owning it .
 i bought this phone and was disappointed . if you tuck the phone under your chin to talk it hangs up ... i eventually exchanged this for the 1050 series because it comes with an extra battery storage/charge drawer which is great when the power goes out !
 This is the worst phone I have ever used . I can not walk into another room without losing the person I 'm talking to . The expandable phones are even worse .
 This phone started out as a great -LRB- rated 5 -RRB- phone . Now after 3 months , it does not work even 3 feet from the stand . I would not recommend it and will not go with a Panasonic cordless phone again .
 i bought this phone and was disappointed . if you tuck the phone under your chin to talk it hangs up ... i eventually exchanged this for the 1050 series because it comes with an extra battery storage/charge drawer which is great when the power goes out !
 Terrible phone . In addition to the problem of inadvertent hangups and muting , the phone has never allowed me to retrieve messages remotely . I tried to exchange it , but could n't , since it was past the 30 day mark . Avoid this product !
 Most people that are picky about phones will tell you that Panasonic makes the best cordless phones . But DARN IT , why did Panasonic have sell a Vtech phone under Panasonic name ? This piece of junk is made by Vtech -LRB- FCC ID indicate so , it 's a clone of the Vtech 2461 -RRB- . The phone is made of cheap quality , cheap looking plastic . The phone has a constant hissing sound in the background -LRB- another sign of VTech -RRB- , and a very slow operating system . If you dial number too fast , it will choke , and you may miss digits . The sound quality is poor also -- there is NO clarity , though it does not echo like many 2.4 GHz DSS phones . Save your time and money , buy one of the Panasonic 's own 2.4 GHz phones.Vtech has already destroyed the good AT&T brand name , now they are out there killing another good name . It 's pretty sad . I wish these company execs realize that a good name is your best asset , protect it . Do n't sell inferior brands under your own name .
 As others have stated , the sound quality is poor . In addition , the sound level is low ; the volume ca n't be turned up enough to overcome any amount of background noise . The worst part
 We bought this phone at a department store . The base unit and one extension . The features of the phones were cool , everything we wanted . The biggest problem was the static on the line and when we turned the volume up to max it was still hard to hear . Since this is the basic function of a phone we decided to return them .
 I charged the phone for about 2 days , and you could n't get a dial tone on the phone but the call ID worked . Once you picked up the phone and pressed talk the dail tone was on for one second and it lost the connection .
 we had the GH2410C , which is very similar to this model , and it was awful . the volume was terrible - i could barely hear anyone talking , and when you pick up the phone , it takes 1 - 2 seconds before you can begin conversing . awful , awful phone . my toddler just doused ours in water so we have to replace it , which i ca n't say i 'm sorry for .
 I just bought this phone and as of 5 days have yet to get a dail tone.Call costumer service , the help recieved do absolutely nothing to fix this problem.When I called back it was to find out that the customer service office has closed.At this time all it is capable of doing is being a paperweight .
 The worst thing I have ever ordered from Amazon , stop working after 3 months . So I ca n't even return it . Throw it away is the only choice .
 The sound quality on this phone is really awful . The people I called could n't hear me and I could hear the person I called as if they were calling from a can with string attached .
 Lousy sound quality
 I 'm not a smart man but I 'm not a crazy man either . I bought this phone and for a couple of weeks it was the best thing since Penelope Cruz in Open Your Eyes . Then one day it stopped working forever and I wept . Save yourself the pain and weeping . Buy a different brand .
 I do not have this model , but I 've had three of the 2410 models . The first phone stopped working within a few months of owning it . Siemen 's replaced the phone promptly , but the `` new '' one is n't working either . The caller ID does n't work well , the display partially burned out , the battery lasts about 24 hours at best , and now I can not hear the caller , even though the caller can hear me . This is the worst phone that I have ever owned , and I doubt that this newer version would be as good as the other cordless phones on the market .
 I bought this phone because a colleague of mine had one , and I liked the idea of being able to listen to my messages on the answering machine privately without them being blared to one and all . So even though it was a fairly expensive telephone , I talked my husband into getting it for me one Christmas . After only a few months , though , the base failed to communicate with the handset . I was able to fix it myself following the trouble-shooting procedure in the user 's manual , but after another couple of months the same problem occurred . This time I could n't fix it myself , so I called Siemens customer support . They had me try some things , still to no avail . They then sent me a new phone . That one worked for another couple of months , and then the base stopped communicating with the handset ... again . So I again called Customer Support , and this time they were not so helpful . I was on hold for a very long time , and then when I got through , the guy told me I had to follow a procedure , wait 15 minutes , and call him back . When I finally got through to them after the 15 minutes , it emerged that he had gone home and obviously had just told me to go through this rigmarole so he would n't have to help me any more . I would have preferred just being told that right up front instead of being on hold for upwards of half an hour ! They never did figure out why I was having problems , and because I was now past the original warranty period they informed me I would have to buy another phone.So I gave up in disgust and bought an AT&T model for half the money that is much easier to use and works perfectly . And guess what ? I found out after using the Siemens model that I do n't even LIKE the feature of listening to messages through the handset ! It turns out to be more convenient to have both hands free for writing , putting away groceries , etc. while listening to messages than having to hang onto a handset . Oh well . Live and learn .
 The phone has a lot of great features that work great.The bigest problem ive had with the phone is charging the batteries.I am on my third phone only because I cant get all my money back from best buy.I am surprised no one has mentioned this problem in their reviews.Customer support is great but has not been able to solve the charging problems ive had.I have let the phone sit in the charger for 24 hours and the phone goes dead in 5 minutes or it doesnt charge at all I have been sent replacent batteries twice with no luck . I guess it could just be bad luck but three times ?
 I reluctantly packaged up my Siemens 4015 for return today . I like the size of the phone and love the rechargable AA batteries but the sound quality was pretty bad . There is a great deal of noise on my phone even when I 'm just a few feet from the base . Also , there is this popping noise that drives me crazy . I do n't recommend this phone to anyone .
 My complaint is that , when listening in the handset , I hear too much `` snow '' or air noise . It 's not AWFUL , but I wish it was n't there . I was going to return it but realized I already sent in for the rebate -LRB- and as a result the UPC is missing -RRB- and so I ca n't . With all the techonology available these days , I 'm sure there 's a cordless phone that 's better .
 I purchased this phone a couple of years ago and have already had to take it back to the store and replace it twice . The battery life does n't last more than 10 hours when it is unused and only about 11/2 hours if you are talking on it . The clarity on it is great but the phone was not worth -LSB- what -RSB- I paid for it .
 I bought a Siemens Gigaset 4015 and several 4000 handsets a year ago , and have had nothing but trouble with them . They cut off phone calls in mid-conversation , and are so unreliable , I can no longer use them . I 've called Siemens Technical Support multiple times , and am given useless troubleshooting tips . What 's been my solution ? I bought an inexpensive AT&T cordless phone from my local drugstore , and it works like a charm . The low $ AT&T phone beats the higher $ $ $ Siemens phones hands down . I do n't buy all the excuses that try to make up for the Siemens cordless products ' faults -- my AT&T cordless works like a champ in a home that has a wireless network , where I use my microwave , and where I do all the other everyday things a good phone should be able to handle .
 Bought this phone after reading some good reviews . I was having no trouble with my old panasonic 900mHz , but wanted caller ID.The problems : - The menus to make adjustments are ridiculously complicated and not intuitive . I am not stupid and can read the instructions , but there is no reason to make a menu system this convoluted-Very difficult to scroll through the list of missed calls , and no indicator light to tell you when people called-only one line for caller ID so it cycles through name and number one at a time - extremely annoyingThe pros : It does have some good ring tonesStyle factor is good
 This phone has lots of bells and whistles . but did not perform the basic function of a clear connection . I thought that maybe it would get better with different weather , but for two days there was a background hiss . I returned it . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 I 've had this phone now for over 2 years and have n't felt it was the best investment . Like many consumers I like the convenience of a cordless hand-held phone , however like some of the previous reviews , it is n't comfortable to hold between your head and shoulder ... in fact , it 's almost down-right impossible ! The battery life is frequently short and will cut you off right in the middle of a call . If you are in the middle of a call while the phone is in the cradle a slight move will sometimes end the call prematurely . The headset is awkward and uncomfortable and the sound quality on both ends of the call is sometimes awful . I 've heard static almost consistantly on the headset . The buttons are somewhat hard to use since they seem to work then not work sporadically and have a delay between pushing the number and actually dialing . I really dislike the ringing tones - like an annoying cell phone from the early 90s . And the volume is also lacking in choices , there just are n't enough settings to get the volume loud enough on the headset . If I could , I would replace this phone with a Bang & Olufson .
 I bought a Siemens Gigaset 4015 and several 4000 handsets a year ago , and have had nothing but trouble with them . They cut off phone calls in mid-conversation , and are so unreliable , I can no longer use them . I 've called Siemens Technical Support multiple times , and am given useless troubleshooting tips . What 's been my solution ? I bought an inexpensive AT&T cordless phone from my local drugstore , and it works like a charm . The low $ AT&T phone beats the higher $ $ $ Siemens phones hands down . I do n't buy all the excuses that try to make up for the Siemens cordless products ' faults -- my AT&T cordless works like a champ in a home that has a wireless network , where I use my microwave , and where I do all the other everyday things a good phone should be able to handle .
 I got this unit & a 2nd . hand set , I found them easy to set up & use , however after a few months the LCD screens on both started to fade out , I called mfg. & they said they would replace units if I 'd send them to them , not knowing how long I 'd wait for replacements to arrive I bought a Uniden 5.8 unit -LRB- with extra handset -RRB- which I 'd rate at 5 stars after appox . 6 months of use .
 I purchased this phone early in the year , and was very happy with it . Then , it stopped working . The display on the handset was flashing and also had lost many of the menu items . I called Siemens support and they told me that the problem was a bad handset . I shipped the handset off to them and received a new one . The exact problem existed . I called back Siemens and they told me it must be a bad base . I needed to send them the bill for proof of purchase -LRB- apparently the policy had changed between the original troubleshooting -RRB- and they would make arrangements to have the base replaced . I am frustrated that their original troubleshooting did n't point to the base . It would have saved me a lot of time and bother . Now I hope I can find the original bill or I 'm out of 100 bucks . From now on I 'll stick to simple , basic cheap phones .
 We have had the 2415 Siemens phone system with 4 handsets for 22 months . This is the single-line predecessor of the 4000 series . Except for some speech breakup at about 150 feet away from the base unit , it has worked well until last week . At that time , the handset that was on the base unit would unpredictably go into search mode and be unable to find the base unit so that we could not answer the phone . The remote units had some breakup but usually worked OK until the were brought near the base unit . They would then also go into search mode and be functionless . I made three calls to Siemens support in the last 24 hours , and after doing numerous base unit resets , re-registering of handsets , the problem is unchanged . Siemens will not accept the base unit for repair -LRB- I 'd be hapy to pay for it -RRB- and suggested that I buy a refurbished unit at their website but they do n't have the same unit available . They said that they do not have any authorized repair services in the USA . There is NO support for the units after the warranty period -LRB- 1 year -RRB- has expired . One is then left with a -LSB- money -RSB- phone system which does n't work and can not be repaired nor applied toward the purchase of a newer system . I hope someone at Siemens is monitoring these reviews , because no one should buy a Siemens phone until the company has repair support for one of its phone systems that has become defective after the limited warranty has expired . I think that -LSB- money -RSB- per year is too much to pay for a home phone .
 I really , really wanted to like and keep this phone . It was interesting to note how many of the reviews were split into either rave reviews , or embarassingly poor reviews of this phone . I 'd hoped that environmental issues contributed to the most commonly cited complaint -- that the Seimens phone lacked the voice clarity of the phone it was replacing . But sadly , after owning the phone for two days , and making half a dozen calls on it , everyone I spoke to thought I was using a voice distortion device , or speaking from within a echo chamber . I could hear them quite clearly , but there must have been some problem with the microphone on my handheld unit . I was not using this phone while using the microwave , I do not -LRB- yet -RRB- have a wireless network . I did Read The Manual -LRB- RTFM -RRB- , and still , I could n't think of any other causeSeimens has fantastic customer service , available 7 days a week , and they suggested I reset the phone to its default settings . They also said that if this did n't work , it was most likely a hardware problem , and I should simply return the phone . It did n't work , and for the price I paid for this phone , I expect a lot of bells and whistles , but not at the expense of the essential function of a telephone
 Siemens do not offer repair support in the US on any of their phones once the one year warranty is up . I was willing to pay and send it wherever but no luck there . If your phone system goes wrong , you are on your own ! All they do is suggest you buy a reconditioned unit from them.Until they sort this out , I would recommend not buying their phones . I speak from experience after having suffered their uncaring Customer Care dept.
 Upon purchasing this phone , I had very high expectations regarding its quality . As it was made by a prestigious firm and utilized technology that was then state-of-the-art , one might easily understand why.The phone not only under-delivered relative to my expectations , it also failed to meet the standards that define a telephone -LRB- i.e. providing communications between two parties -RRB- . From day one -LRB- out-of-the-box -RRB- people to whom I spoke with using the phone could not hear me . They complained of distortion as well as intermittent muting . Perhaps this was due to other appliances that operate at the 2.4 Ghz frequency . Not being a particularly tech-savvy individual , I have little patience for this type of excuse . My feeling is , if a firm puts out a product ... are you ready for this ? ... it should work under normal circumstances . What domicile these days is without a microwave -LRB- a device that I understand may cause interference -RRB- ? Design the phone so that it works around the appliances . If we can put a man on the moon using less computer power than is contained in the average PDA , designing a 2.4 Ghz phone that works should not only not be impossible , it should be easy.Think of this , lets say that Boeing made a new airplane ... and it had revolutionary fuel efficiency . But , it did n't fly when it is raining . Would any airline lease or buy that plane ? Would any traveler get on the plane ? Would Boeing realse the plane ? No.Just the same -LRB- although involving less danger -RRB- is Siemens designing a phone that can not work under relatively normal circumatances . But Siemens released it.After about 2 months , the battery stopped working . In my opinion a cordless phone battery is not something that should need bi-monthly replacement . Never-the-less I called Siemens and requested a new phone . Siemens sent one . Identical results.I will not call Siemens again to ask for a new phone . I am simply buying a phone made by another firm.I recommend to anyone reading this review ... do the same ... buy a phone made by another firm .
 Do n't like the phone . It 's so short that if I have the earpiece over my ear , the mouthpiece is so far from my mouth callers have trouble hearing me . It 's not any clearer than my 900MHz Panasonic , nor is the range any better.Don ' t like the answering machine either . The buttons and display are so tiny I have to study the phone in good lighting to see what I want to do . I miss the old push-a-big-button style of answering machine where the messages can be heard as you wander around the room . The weak electronic voice sound on this unit forces me to stay within a foot of the phone , hitting replay with annoying regularity.This is not a convenient appliance , nor is its use intuitive .
 If you are on the phone more than 20 minutes at some point the phone will start beeping and you will be disconnected for no reason . I own 3 handsets and it does this with all of them . Also , sometimes when answering the phone the connection is made so poorly that you can not hear the person on the line . JUNK .
 I have these phones sitting in a box waiting for me to get around to selling them to someone on eBay . I feel a little bit guilty about that because they were so useless in my home . Granted we have an old stone house with thick walls , but the Uniden cordless phones I got to replace these work fine.When I called the company to see what to do about the ceaseless popping , buzzing and dropped signals they advised that the phone was not for distance but for security so I should talk in the same room as the base stand . Silly really . Do n't waste your money .
 If you 're looking for a 4 phone system , do not buy the 4015 ! It only supports 3 handsets total . You have to buy the 4010 or the 4200 series if you want 4 phones . Siemens does a terrible job of communicating this . Some places in the manual say 3 , some say 4 , and the website even says 6 . When I pointed this out to customer support , they did n't seem to care . Also , in my house the extention handsets had terrible clicking static , rendering them useless . I had high hopes for this product , but had to return it .
 I purchased this phone about 2 weeks ago . And it 's going back to the store today . I have 2 other 900MHz Panasonic phones . I liked the design . I wanted to get one for a long time most of all because it 's a legendary Siemens . I was fooled by the name . This phone is a nothing but waist of money . I do n't know where those other reviewers who said that this is a great phone and there is no static . But I live in Los Angeles and every body has a codeless phone and lives close to each other . There is way too much noise in this phone . My friends say that it sounds like I am calling from a propeller plane.I do n't like that there are no operating buttons in the base set . I do n't think we should adapt to machines that are made to make our lives easier , instead those machines should be made to adapt in to our lives . I think there should be buttons in the base unit.Ring tones are just annoying . There are 10 of them and 1 can be somewhat tolerable.The bottom line is this phone is design for the European market and it just does n't work for the US lifestyles .
 Had this phone for about 2 years now and it has been nothing but trouble . I had to reboot it at least 4 times and then , finally , it just died . Avoid .
 I do n't think any cordless phones are perfect , but I do n't care for this phone other than the style . It 's answering machine is not real intuitive and the speaker is underpowered if any background noise in the room while you try to play messages -LRB- we went back to voicemail -RRB- . Reception in and around our house is just so-so as well . Our other 2.4 gig phone is a similarly priced Panasonic and reception is better , hands down . Bottom line , people can have different experiences with the same phone for whatever reasons , but I find it curious the price seems to be dropping quickly for this unit and a rebate still applies .
 These phones are awful . I purchased one 2415 and three 2400 for my house , and it has been a terrible disaster . Phones sound ALL the time with interference.Siemens has a card inside that says
 My husband bought this phone -LRB- in addition to the model with a telephone base -RRB- for me because of it 's simple to use features and because I needed a reliable phone that could go with me while I chased my kids around the house . Unfortunately , it only took a week for problems to arise and they worsened over the next several months . Phone conversations were interupted with a choppy , static like noise . Sometimes , when dialing , the phone would take forever to dial a number only to find that it had n't connected properly and never completed the dial . We also had problems with connectivity to the base . As the phone would ring , the base could n't find the handset saying `` searching '' ... and we would n't be able to answer the phone without running to another phone in the house.It has wonderful features , including memory redial of several numbers , call id , an extensive phone directory that 's easy to program and much more . Perhaps Siemens will figure out the bugs and put out a better model . So far , we 've tried three of these things hoping that the previous model was just a lemon ... much to our dismay , they all failed . Wish it had worked better . : -LRB-
 This is the WORST WORST WORST phone I have ever owned . The handsets keep breaking from normal use , and SIEMENS only gives a one month warantee after they replace them . They are horribly put together . I love the features . Learned the menus no problem . I WISH THEY HAD BUILT A PHONE AS GOOD AS THEIR FEATURES BUT THEY DID NOT !!!! THIS PHONE IS HORRIBLE . The sound quality is also terrible . so one star for great features and NO stars for a usable phone.stay away . run to another brand . . do n't look back .
 I have had this phone two months . I was surprised to find that it does not have a speed dial feature . What they call speed dialing requires you to open the directory , page through till you find the person you want to call , and then punch the talk button . The voice dial is even worse . You have to find the person in the directory before saying their name to call them . Unlike most phones you ca n't just program a phone number to be called when you punch 1 , 2 , etc.The sound quality is not good . It is often hard to hear the person on the other end of the line . I ca n't see much improvement over the Radio Shack 900Mhz unit we replaced . The ring options do not include any that sound like a normal phone ring , they are musical tunes or pager tones . Since we have two pagers and kids toys and cell phones that all play tunes or similar tones , it is confusing -LRB- and a little irritating -RRB- to figure out that the phone is ringing.In about 45 days the battery began to fail . It only holds a charge for about 20 min . If the handset is not carefully seated on the charger it will discharge in a couple of hours even without being used.It is a very complicated phone to program , and very time consuming to figure out the most basic functions . The software must have been designed by Microsoft because it is completely illogical and complicated . Also , you have to take any problems you have directly back to Siemens -LRB- a German firm -RRB- after you open the box . Their support is minimal and there is no assurance of satisfaction if the product just stinks . This is the worst phone I have owned .
 While the design is attractive and sleek , I really dislike this phone . The menus are complicated and unintuitive . Retrieving messages is such a hassle . Plus , you ca n't play the messages aloud . I 've decided to chuck this phone and move back to Panasonic . I wholeheartedly do not recommend this phone .
 This phone has been quite disappointing . The buttons do not seem to respond well , and it has been particularly difficult to delete messages . As a result , the messages build up until the phone has to be unplugged to clear the mailbox . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 This phone is of poor quality all around.If you need a trouble free phone - do n't ge this one .
 13 months after buying a 4015 , the base station quit communicating with the handset . Called Siemens `` customer care '' line . Was informed there is no service available after the warranty period is over . Their advice `` check eBay and see if someone has a used base station for sale , or buy another 4000 series and I would then have two handsets . '' Yeah right ... 13 months after that I guess they give the same advice ? Then I would have 3 handsets with only $ 450 invested . STAY AWAY FROM SIEMENS !!!!
 I had purchased this phone 11/2 year ago and then all of the sudden one day , they did n't work . We could get no dial tone . I called the customer service number which instructed me to do a few things -LRB- take batteries out , unplug the main unit , etc -RRB- and nothing worked . She then concluded that the base was broken and because it was greater than one year I 'd have to purchase another one for $ 120 ! I spent over $ 300 because We had 4 phones total and it stops working after a year!I recently bought the V-tech phone and love it so far ! The quality is much better and has nicer features . I like how the name of the person calling and the number appear at the same time unlike the Siemens phone.Siemens customer serivce was not helpful and their products are not worth the money you spend for them .
 Most internet sites list the Siemens 4015 Gigaset as expandable to four headsets . It actually can handle only three . The user 's manual is quite confusing and contains the same mistake . When I called Siemens `` Customer Care Service '' they said that , although they recognized the error , they kept coming up with reasons on how it was either my own or the dealer 's fault -LRB- i.e. not Siemen 's problem -RRB- . They also said that their policy was not to upgrade or refund units . Beware if you have any problems since they do n't seem to want to stand behind their product.Regarding this `` not-expandable-to-four-units '' 4015 model , the sound and range performance is good . Of course , this is offset by the strange ringing selections -LRB- a normal ring choice is not offered -RRB- and the difficulty in programming these overly-complex units . Expect to spend a lot of time programming the base unit and then have to repeat this again and again for every other handset in your system.Given my experience so far , I 'd have to think twice about recommending this product . In fact , I 'm going to either return mine or sell them ...
 I have had the 4015 for over a year . The other day , the base unit locked up . I called `` customer care '' , it was anything but . Their recommendation to me was to buy another 4015 unit , at -LSB- full price -RSB- . I have 2 other handsets , so I am pretty much locked into buying another unit or trying to sell the ones I have . They have no service option , and do n't allow you to purchase just the base unit . I really liked the performance of the unit , but can not recommend it due to the complete lack of service options .
 The call log feature of this phone worked unpredictably . Sometimes , calls from a particular number would be logged , while other times , calls from the same caller would fail to appear in the log . Siemens recommended that I replace the base unit , which I did . This failed to correct the problem . They recommended replacing the base unit again . Instead , I just returned the whole phone system . In addition to the call log problems , the phone also often made an unusual clicking noise during telephone conversations.Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- was extremely helpful throughout this whole process and I give Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- five stars for their customer service . Unfortunately , I wish I could say the same for the Siemens phone .
 After owning the phone for 9 months , it stopped working . I followed suggestions in manual -LRB- yes , I kept it ! -RRB- with no results . I then went to the web site and tried all suggestions . No success . It is just dead . Guess I 'd get something different .
 Note that most of these reviews come from a few years back . The phone was made by a different manufacturer then , still under the AT&T name . I have three of these phones . All in new condition . Trouble is only two of them work . That 's measly odds . Both of the broken ones do not dial . No tones come at all when pressed . And yeah yeah , i 've played with all the TT switches , mute switches etc. . Fact is one works fine . The others are expensive paper weights .
 Bought this to replace a wall mounted phone ; the handset will not stay in the cradle while hanging . Only buy this if you are old school and have to set this phone on a table someplace .
 We bought two of these phones because they 're small , have good basic features , and we 've had good luck with AT&T phones in the past . Unfortunately , neither phone will accept into memory any long distance or international phone numbers . As you 're entering numbers the phone suddenly starts to dial , and you get a recording saying `` if you want to place a call hang up and dial again . '' Three calls to AT&T failed to shed any light on the problem . It 's more trouble than the phones are worth to pack them up and ship them back to AT&T and wait for replacements . Local numbers program OK and the phones otherwise work well .
 This is the best corded phone I 've ever had , but it has 2 following drawbacks :1 . Buttons on black handset are hard to discern , since they are dark grey . They must be white at least partially -LRB- partially - because they are designed to transmit light in the dark -RRB- .2 . Sound of beeping is very weak when pressing keypad buttons during dialing .
 The first phone would not program correctly . This phone was a replacement and it , too , will not program correctly in all of the memories . Some are OK.I would not give it any stars .
 I have a cordless phone in my home office , and bought this as a second phone for the bedroom . I had so much static on the bedroom line -LRB- but none on my office phone -RRB- I finally called out a phone repair guy . He said the static was caused by my DSL , and that this phone was too `` cheap '' for DSL . He suggested if I wanted a corded phone for the bedroom I buy a Panasonic . So , basically I spent $ 55 for the repair guy to tell me to buy a new phone .
 The AT&T cordless transmitted a lot of static . Also it was not wall mounting friendly . Therefore , I give it a low rating .
 I purchased an ATT 210 in 2008 and loved it . The next one I bought in 2011 has horrible sound quality and does n't have the same heft . It now feels like a cheap piece of plastic . I 'm dumping it .
 Well , you know what they say ... if you pay peanuts you 'll end up getting monkeys.There is nothing to like about this product , except it 's price.Everything else is cheap : - Cheap material - Cheap backlit dial pad - Ringer does not work every time -LRB- I do n't know why though -RRB- But to be honest with you , I was expecting this ... Bottom line is that I really did n't like it , but since I am using them as cheap back-up they are performing as expected .
 This phone would probably work well as a desk phone . It seems to be well made . Due to a design flaw , the receiver will not stay on the base .
 The phone itself is cheap , which is a plus . The usage , however , is also cheap . It distorts sound worse than a cordless , which I as trying to avoid , and randomly hangs up on people . As I use this phone for a business purpose , this is detrimental . I do not advise the purchase of this phone .
 The description clearly says volume settings are off , low , high . Not true . There is no OFF setting . The only reason I bought it was to put it on an unused jack with volume turned off as an emergency phone .
 I have two other ATT 210 Trimline phones . I like them a lot . I like the lighted buttons in the handle and the solid construction with the heavy base.This newer version is very poor in comparison . Only some of the buttons are actually lighted and the lighting is very dim on those that are . Its feels too lightweight , especially the base . The construction quality seems very poor.I wish I could buy the same phone built in the same way as my older ones .
 The phone arrived quickly and was easy to just plug in and go - tested it out the first day we had it and it worked perfectly - making calls and receiving calls . A few days later , I picked up the phone to use it and there was no dial tone - just an annoying buzz . Tried using a different cord , that did nothing . Plugged another phone in using the cord from this phone and it worked fine so it is definitely the phone that is malfunctioning ... . the phone seemed very light and cheaply made - definitely would not recommend it .
 I purchased this one to replace an identical one that suddenly stopped working after owning less than 1 year . Rather than repackage and pay shipping costs I purchased a new one . The programming feature does not work , but since it is n't a necessary requirement , I 'm keeping it .
 I have owned a few of these phones over the years and they have all had great voice clarity . Not so with this one ; AT&T changed the design so that the high frequency content is filtered out . It 's all part of a greater conspiracy which began with cell phones to use as little network bandwidth as possible . Why waste precious network bandwidth on plain old voice when they can charge so much more sending data . The high frequency content which allows you to hear the letters `` f '' and `` s '' is virtually gone on this phone . I guess they figure that people are so used to the limited bandwidth on cell phones that they would never miss it on this plain old telephone . Not me ; I would have returned the phone if I had purchased it at a local store instead of Amazon .
 Sound quality was down and keypad lighting was inferior compared to my old Conair phone . I also found the electronic tones to indicate a ringing phone to not be to my tastes . I guess AT&T ; forgot how to make a basic phone . Folks , go to a garage sale and find the phone you like for $ 1 or less . The only positives I have to say about the phone is that it looks nice in shiny black and that the part of the headset that sits by my ear is fairly comfortable in the `` old classic phone '' way . Two nice things to say means 2 stars.Why oh why did Conair quit making phones ?
 this is an emergency phone that works . . but it is so thick and uncomfortable to hold ... good enough to do the trick
 Sure got what I paid for . Never could use it from the day I got it -- the prongs were wrong and the phone would not hook into the wall-receiver . Costs more to send it back than it did to buy it !
 I AM VERY UPSET THAT MY ORDER DID NOT COME UPS AS SPECIFIED , AND NOT THE POST OFFICE . I AM HANDICAPPED AND CAN NOT GET TO THE POST OFFICE AS I WOULD LIKE . I WILL THINK TWICE BEFORE ORDERING AGAIN.THANKS , GLENDA
 Purchased this phone because the description said it could be mounted on a wall . It does mount on the wall , but the receiver keeps falling out of the cradle . This is NOT a wall mount phone -- I have tried various things but nothing works . It 's a great phone for desk , bedside table or counter use , but do not buy it if you need a wall mounted phone .
 Delivery was great but ... the phone is not . The receiver will not stay on the wall base and when dialing the numbers do not always work .
 I feel like I should yell this out . In my home , we have a very basic wall phone . This phone seemed to fit the bill . However , when I hooked it to my wall , the receiver would not stay connected to the base . Therefore , my phone was off the hook constantly . Not a wall phone , desk phone ... would be perfect .
 I bought this thinking , `` It 's from AT&T , how can I go wrong ? '' However everyone I talk to asks if I 'm on a cell phone and if the reception is bad where I 'm at .
 First off it 's $ 12.99 so I should have known it was a cheapy to start.But you figure it 's a corded phone , so how old is that technology.It looked all-right out of the box but the lighted dial is very dim.I plugged it in and all was good.But eventually all the people I talked to told me I sounded like I was talking thru a pillow.I changed lines , no change , checked other phones in the house and this phone was bupkiss from the word go.Went out and got a Panasonic for $ 25 and everything is good to go .
 I have brought this phone a month ago and installed it as soon as I opened the box . I was very disappointed with this phone . The dial tone was too weak I can barely hear it . When I made the phone call it was hard for me to hear the other end . I needed to buy another one .
 Phone would not function . Tested the phone circuit with another phone ; it was fine . Nothing worked on the new phone so figured it had to be the line cord . I had an old line cord at my home , so I used it . The phone now works fine now .
 very poor quality and seriously will not buy this ever again . I opened the phone and connected it and it 's not even working . Ca n't make phone calls . I have to give one star because System does n't allow me to give zero stars .
 I bought two of these phones based on the reviews . However , when I used them there was too much static on the line , and the sound was neither clear nor loud . I ended up buying a GE Caller ID Trimline phone which worked much better for my needs .
 too bad I did n't read the reviews . . the sound quality is very poor - especially for the other party on the line
 I bought 2 of these phones about a year before Hurricane Sandy . With our extremely lame and incompetent LIPA -LRB- Long Island Power Authority -RRB- switching the power off , then with several attempts to put it back on , the ringer -LRB- high setting -RRB- was destroyed . The phone still rings , but I can barely hear it on the high setting . I think this is common with some phones , as I recall this happening before with other phones.I will buy another wall phone similiar to it , if I can find one . The other one , I never have the ringer on it anyway , just use it as an extention in the bedroom , I will keep . Otherwise , it 's a good phone . My husband is severely hearing impaired , and uses hearing aides . He can hear just fine -LRB- voice -RRB- but not the ringer since the storm .
 Too lightweight but otherwise o.k. . The base is so light if falls on the floor easily . Should be heavier to stabilize .
 After reading all the reviews on Amazon , I decided to purchase this basic phone for my home.The only problem is though I can her everything callers say , everyone that I have talked to on this phone says that they ca n't hear me and that I sound muffled . When I try to speak louder and directly into the receiver , while even cupping the receiver at times , people can usually understand me better but not as clearly as they should be able to.Overall , it 's not worth the price spent on it because it does n't function correctly .
 I have trouble getting a dial tone when I pick up the receiver , If I use the speaker I always get a dial tone so I know it is the phone .
 Unfortunately there was considerable background noise with this phone , and the voice quality was so poor that it was difficult to carry on a conversation with someone . We had to request a refund .
 Phone is standard and what I expected . However the lines to the jack and the handset do not fit well and have a tendency to disconnect and fail to connect tightly . Can be solved if you have some old lines around to use instead of the ones furnished with the phone .
 I purchased this phone because all i really wanted was a very simple phone which wasnt cordless -LRB- i like to have one phone in my home which wont get lost or run out of battery power -RRB- I bought this phone and plugged it in . When making calls I had no problem hearing and understanding others but everyone I talked to said it sounded like i was under water.I since went into a store and bought an AT&T ; phone which has been working out well for me ... i can now hear people and they can hear me
 Do n't buy this phone . Everyone I spoke to said I was nearly unintelligible . The `` monitor '' of my own voice in the earpiece was far too loud , and I have a quiet voice . It 's a simple phone -- it 's supposed to make phone calls and it utterly fails at that .
 No one could understand anything I said when I used this phone . I switched to a Uniden phone and had no problem . Luckily I was able to return this phone within the time allotted .
 I went on line and specifically put in wall phone . I needed a phone to go on the wall in my kitchen . What I got was a desk phone that is to small for the wall . Did n't need a desk phone so wish I had n't made the prchase .
 People , when you read others comments about the cheapness of this phone . Believe it!I did not ... I thought how could the ole ATT phone I grew up with be such a pile of junk ... BUT IT IS ... Returned the next day and Amazon refunded my money right to my account before I even shipped the package to them.Problems : TOO LIGHTWEIGHT/FLIMSYLIGHTED BUTTONS TOO DARKCOULD NOT HEAR CALLERS NO MATTER WHAT LOUDNESS SETTING CHOSENPlease do not waste your time . If you are over 35 years old this is not the phone you remember .
 This phone is okay for emergencies/short conversations . During the one call I made on it , there were repeated , annoying interruptions bystatic that was audible to me and the other party .
 This is advertised as being okay for use as a wall phone . It works just fine , but make sure you read the directions regarding how to turn the base 's tab around ... to make the phone usable for hanging on the wall .
 Phone seemed nice but I bought it to hang on a wall and it would n't due to manufacturing .
 I bought this phone to use for business from home . I am on the phone approximately 20 hours a week , sometimes less . After 2 months of use , the cord in the phone started to have issues where if it was jostled at all while on the phone , there would be a lot of `` crackling '' sounds . Occasionally , the call would get disconnected -LRB- extremely bad when on the phone with a client -RRB- . I 'd have to hold the cord in a specific position the whole time I was on the phone and be sure not to move . Then , after 6 months of use , the buttons all suddenly stopped working . Every single one ... the thing is just useless . I know it was cheap , but I would absolutely not purchase this model again .
 We bought one . It does n't ring . You wo n't think AT&T would be embarassed to sell such a piece of junk . You would be wrong .
 As a desk phone this may be great , but not a wall mount phone . There is nothing to keep the phone from falling off . When it is hung on the wall , the receiver hangs loose and the phone line is open . Or it slides off at the slightest motion . Not a good thing . Not for wall mount .
 All the buttons do n't lit evenly , because there 's only one small light source . Second , the buttons are not the soft translucent pads . They are gray hard plastic . The whole unit feels light and made of cheap plastic . No metal reinforcement . Sound quality as usual.It 's cheaper at Fry 's than from Amazon .
 I received the phone and went through the processing of installing it . However , even though the description says it can easily be hung on a wall , the handset has no way to rest in or lock onto the base . As a matter of fact , the base is slanted downward so the handset keeps sliding out when hung vertically . This is a desk or tabletop phone only . Since I bought it for my kitchen wall , I am debating going through the effort of sending it back or using it in a room that has a jack but does n't really need a phone . ??
 This product was bulky and the sound quality not good , wish it had caller ID window for the call waiting ID . Otherwise perfect for the elderly who do n't see well and have frail little hands .
 This is not a Drivers Log at all . Well maybe if you want to construct one yourself with the paper and some other items .
 I really wanted to like this phone , but here are the problems :1 . When a headset is plugged in , the volume -LRB- for listening -RRB- is too low and ca n't be turned up sufficiently . -LRB- This is not a problem with the headset . -RRB- 2 . No mute button . Terrible if you use the phone for work/meetings .3 . Limited speed dial . I like to program access codes -LRB- like mailbox number and password -RRB- , since I use my phone for work purposes . I ca n't do that with this phone .4 . The buttons are not very responsive and there is a delay until you hear a `` beep '' indicating that you pressed a button . Sounds petty but the result is that , when dialing , you often miss a number but do n't realize it until it 's too late . Then you have to start over .5 . The size and shape of the phone are not conducive to holding it between your head/ear and shoulder .
 I have a set of three of these phones -LRB- my mistake to buy all at once -RRB- . They have had problems from Day One . I have had to return them to Siemens -- only to get the same problems back . None of their recommended fixes have worked . And worst of all , customer support has been atrocious . I recommend not buying these . I bought two other 2.4 Ghz phones from AT&T , and they have been flawless in the exact same environment .
 I bought a Siemens Gigaset 4015 and several 4000 handsets a year ago , and have had nothing but trouble with them . They cut off phone calls in mid-conversation , and are so unreliable , I can no longer use them . I 've called Siemens Technical Support multiple times , and am given useless troubleshooting tips . What 's been my solution ? I bought an inexpensive AT&T cordless phone from my local drugstore , and it works like a charm . The low $ AT&T phone beats the higher $ $ $ Siemens phones hands down . I do n't buy all the excuses that try to make up for the Siemens cordless products ' faults -- my AT&T cordless works like a champ in a home that has a wireless network , where I use my microwave , and where I do all the other everyday things a good phone should be able to handle .
 I recently purchased two Gigaset 4000 2.4 GHz handsets and the appropriate base unit.My previous Uniden EXS9960 cordless phone had died , and I liked the expandable features and intercom ability of the Gigaset.Keep in mind that I loved my Uniden phone . It was crystal clear at over 650 feet away from the base unit . I could actually be below the horizon with it and it still sounded fantastic . Never any clicks or other interference ... just clear , crisp sound . So I held the Siemens phone to a high standard.What a let down ! The Gigaset wo n't even make it 500 feet , and performace degrades every step away from the base unit you take . I get all kinds of annoying clicks and buzzes , even if I 'm in the same room as the base unit . I had hoped the 2.4 GHz technology would be at least equal to the 900 MHz Uniden I 'd had . I 'm truly sorry I made the purchase.I 'll list the few `` good '' features quickly , but overall I 'd say the poor performance of the phone should be enough to prevent you from purchasing it.The shape is nice and comfortable to hold in your hand . There is no external antenna , which is a nice feature . My main reason for buying the phone was that it runs on normal , everyday , buy-them-at-any-gas-station AA batteries . Each handset comes with two Ni-Cad AA rechargables , or you can use NiMH batteries if you like ... the charger will take both . Do n't know why other manufacturers have n't taken to this ... sure wish they would.The expandable feature is cool . You can have up to four handsets per base unit . The intercom feature is nice , especially if you move around outside and someone inside can talk to you easily . Too bad the Gigaset 4000 is so limited on range or it might be a great feature .
 the bigs one were to big so they all went in the trash and the small ones well some were really tight and others were good . . you do have to cut the to fix to fingers but i will stick to what i know works for me and it wasnt theses
 These things are way too tight . You put them on and in minutes your fingers loose all blood , turn white/blue . May be good for a person that is considered `` small '' in rubber glove size . But a person with `` medium '' and above glove size wont fit .
 The Siemens Gigaset 4200 , 4210 , and 4215 units are powerful telephones , but be FOREWARNED ... Customers residing in the 14-state Qwest -LRB- formerly US West -RRB- service area may NOT be able to utilize some of the advanced telephone features.Siemens claims that the 4200-series provides support for `` Advanced Caller ID on Call Waiting '' -LRB- aka `` Caller ID 2.5 '' -RRB- when the service is obtained from the local telephone company . The Siemens 4215 User 's Manual states , `` The Gigaset 4215 fully supports this convenient telephone company feature . `` Do n't believe it !!!! Siemens provides support for `` Caller ID 2.5 '' and claims it is a `` standard '' . Qwest provides `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' which requires Type 3 -LRB- aka ADSI or Analog Display Service Interface -RRB- CPE -LRB- Customer Premises Equipment -RRB- . Type 3 CPE can be programmed -LRB- by calling a Qwest-provided 800 number -RRB- for use in the Qwest service area with the `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service . Siemens ' Gigaset 4200-series CAN NOT be programmed to work with the Qwest `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service.How Siemens can sell a brand new telephone boldly claiming support for features that require support from , but are not provided by , one of the major national telephone companies -LRB- serving 14 states and millions of consumers -RRB- is absolutely beyond me!Siemens customer support is rather unknowledgeable regarding these matters . They 're good at making excuses and claiming that `` 2.5 is the current standard '' , but absolutely of no assistance in making this customer happy.I wo n't be buying any more of these telephones and ca n't recommend them to anyone .
 Go through reviews and you 'll see one word comes again and again `` CLICK '' . This phone `` CLICK `` s very loud and annoying all through conversation . I subconciosly refrain from using this phone in a house just becouse of that . Make sure that if you buy it you have an option to return it back becouse most likely you 'd need it.Also as it was noted in other posts . Battery life if 1-2 days at most . I have my old AT&T ; cordless phone having 6-7 days.So basically I do n't see why anybody will consider this phone in a first place .
 This phone is a technical nightmare . It has so many features that it is overly complicated . Just picking it up could send it off to some menu that takes a rocket scientist to figure out how to get out so that you can use the phone . The most frustrating part is the one simple thing that I wanted it to do , announce the caller from the base station . I checked the manual to make sure it would do this before I bought it and it states very plainly that it can . But after two hours of trying to make it work , I called Siemens customer service and they said , `` It was supposed to do that , but we could n't make it work . '' I wanted a phone to work as a phone , not this techno-nightmare that does way more that needed , and not what is needed . Also , the phone 's voice dialing feature failed after I used it three times . Rubic 's Cube has nothing on this phone .
 We have two of these phones -- bought them at Best Buy last year . I thought that these phones looked good and felt nice in the hand . THESE PHONES WILL DRIVE YOU CRAZY . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The phones constantly `` beep '' on and off for no apparent reason . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The battery life is terrible . I could go on and on in detail but I will leave it nice and short . I recommend that you look elsewhere .
 Continually ` clicks ' during conversations.Menu laid out poorly -LRB- possibly by * untrained * chimp -RRB- . Despite wording on box will NOT work with other Siemans phones -LRB- ok , it works except for any ` advanced ' features . Advanced features must be everything except ring -RRB- . Charger contacts do n't work well resulting in phone beeping while resting on charger.Tech support and customer support all but non-existant . Would throw it in trash except for my > $ 200 investment in a pair.Still kicking myself for buying these.The perfect gift for someone you truly despise .
 Overall , i loved the phone . unlike other callers , i was able to make voice activated calls . also , i do n't know why the seimens people would say you could not get the phone to announce caller id 's - it does work . the downer is it can only announce the caller id if you have created a ` voice activating ' recording for it . also , you have to make a separate voice command recording for each person in your household that wants to use the phone -LRB- and it can only hold 20 recordings total -10 for you , 10 for your spouse -RRB- . i did n't have difficulties with the UI . And i love having a speakerphone in the handset -LRB- i 've been buying phones with that feature for years -RRB- . however , the clicking is the deal breaker . my 900mHz Sanyo has no clicking and fine sound quality . the seinmens has the caller id though and good integration with the phone company vmail .
 If you are considering this phone , I would recommend buying almost anything else . I tried very hard to like this phone . But the User Interface -LRB- UI -RRB- is simply so terrible that it turns a decent phone -LRB- with good range and sound quality -RRB- into an annoying contraption.Yes , it has alot of features . But my Ericsson T28 mobile phone has all the same features and is easy to use . The Germans should be embarassed at the incomprehensible design of their UI . Even if you are a gadget-head , the way many features are applied is annoying at best , useless at worst.Examples : Voice-announce is cool , but the volume is n't matched to the ring-tone volume . Result
 There 's a lot to like about this phone . Unfortunately , there 's much more to dislike about it.The great features are the voice dialing , the reception -LRB- more on that later -RRB- , the voice call announcement , small size , solid construction , that it operates from standard rechargeable batteries , locking keypad , multi-phone support , and the speakerphone , of course . The speakerphone , in particular , is excellent for a phone of this size , and voice dialing has thus far been flawless.On the downside are a lack of a headphone jack , something I use daily -LRB- and , admittedly my mistake , never thought to `` check for '' on the box since essentially all phones in this price-range have one , as did this phone 's predecessor -RRB- . It does n't have volume keys , this function 's performed through a menu , so to change volume in mid-call requires you to
 No `` flash '' button to get to the call waiting , had to call the company and they informed me that this product was built in Germany without this feature but the work-around was to hold the Mem button for few seconds . Hold it too short - you never switch over and ultimately miss the incoming call . Hold it too long and you disconnect the call you were on first . Terrible battery life , and this is after petitioning Siemens for a new `` upgraded '' battery . Dislike the Message log functionality . Terrible buzzing and clicking when I talk . Random line interruptions . I saw some favorable reviews on this site , but my friend bought the earlier model and he has had more problems than me , if you can believe that !!! I paid almost -LSB- a lot -RSB- for this phone and all I want to do is skip it like a stone across the asphalt in some parking lot and leave it in pieces . If my review can stop just ONE person from buying this product , then I will be able to rest easier .
 Dependability
 I was really excited to get this phone , along with one other handset for our house - we do n't have phone outlets in our offices , so the base/handset combination was a very welcome addition to our home . After minimal usage , however , it became readily apparent that there are some serious flaws with this product.First and foremost , the menu system is not at all intuitive , and are somewhat clunky to use . Next , there is a frequent , loud CLICK that both people on the phone call can hear , approximately every two or three minutes . I 've tried to see if the clicking was caused by something in our house , but it seems to be something inherent to the phones themselves . Additionally , the battery life is sub-optimal , lasting only a day or two off the charger -LRB- which wo n't be an issue for many people . -RRB- The speakerphone is a nice convenience , as are the `` copy entire directory to another handset '' feature , the intercom and the 5-line LCD , but those items do n't make up for the system 's shortcomings . Apart from the low-volume static , and the rather loud clicks , sound quality is n't bad . It 's a nice compact size , though if you frequently hold your phone `` handless '' between your shoulder and ear , this definitely is n't the one for you - you 'll quickly get uncomfortable.I have n't tried the V-Tech , Sony , or other brand 2.4 Ghz phones , so I do n't know how they stack up against the Siemens ; however , I do know that this phone is n't quite what I 'd hoped for .
 I have exchanged the phone four times . And I still can not switch to another line using call waiting switch.Customer support could not resolve the problem and recommended to return the phone to the store . Compared to my Panasonic 1000 this phone has very short operational distance . Walls are the killer of the reception -LRB- with Panasonic it is working just fine -RRB- . The only positive experience I have with the phone is the sound quality . It is much better than Panasonic . I am very sorry about Siemens quality .
 The design and look of the phone -LRB- s -RRB- are wonderful . The customer service people are very responsive and answered with no hold times ... HOWEVER ... . the phones had terrible static ; probably interference from my router . I 've returned them and am going to try the V-tech product .
 I had to return this phone because I could not answer an incoming call via call waiting . I called the manufacturer who had me go through several steps to fix the problem . These did not work and told me that my phone was defective and that I should return it to where it was purchased . This is the second Siemens phone that I have returned . The first one was the 2415 that had VERY poor sound quality .
 This is the most annoying phone I have ever owned . If you get too far from the base the clicking begins and it wont stop until you hang up the call and redial . Now I know why every previous phone I have ever owned had a rescan feature , although it was always unneeded . Okay , so the reception is bad . Then there 's the matter of the irritating tone delay when dialing . It takes the phone over one second , sometimes a bit more to register that you 've pressed a number on the pad , which can be annoying when entering account numbers or menu options into VRUs . Let 's see , what else ... the menu is cumbersome and not the least bit intuitive . The only thing this phone has going for it is that the portable handset has speakerphone . The only problem is that there is no way to put it on mute which can be extremely limiting when on a conference call from home . So anyway , this would be a great phone if I lived alone in a studio apartment and didnt dial my bank or credit card company or anyone else that expects you to enter options into a voice response unit.Just say no to the good looks of this phone and either buy somthing else , or wait for something equally attractive to come on the market . I cant wait to get rid of mine .
 We owned the Gigaset 2400 and liked it quite a bit . Since that phone went out of production , we decided to `` upgrade '' to the 4210 -LRB- and we bought 3 extra handsets , too ! -RRB- . We really wish we had n't . The phone user interface is very poorly thought out , and seemingly simple tasks often are exceedingly time consuming . Worse , we 've found numerous bugs in the phone - the time-clock loses about 3 minutes/day and is NOT reset by the caller-id time ; transfering phone #s from one handset to another is buggy ; reception is clear 90 % of the time , but 10 % of the time there is much `` clicking '' interference ; placing a call on hold usually hangs up instead ; and interactions with voicemail systems is mind-bogglingly bad .
 I had to return this phone because I could not answer an incoming call via call waiting . I called the manufacturer who had me go through several steps to fix the problem . These did not work and told me that my phone was defective and that I should return it to where it was purchased . This is the second Siemens phone that I have returned . The first one was the 2415 that had VERY poor sound quality .
 I was quite excited to finally see this phone on sale , so I bought it . I should have read the reviews first . The sound quality is horrible . It constantly clicks like someone is picking up another phone in the house . After 6 months , a majority of the buttons dont work . I have to push on them numerous times . The only good thing I can say is that the phone looks good and is comfortable in my hand .
 While I agree with what most of the other reviewers say about the high-tech aspects of the phone , I find it 's functionality to be questionable . Once a button is pressed it takes about half a second to register and thus for anything to be accomplished . My other cordless phone , a Panasonic , has the same wheel-menu thing in the middle and is is much easier to scroll through caller I.D. and stored numbers , without taking 5 minutes just to get through the caller I.D. menu . The ring choices are atrocious and irritating and I find it very difficult to get my messages . Once you receive a call , if you miss it , the phone will display a message which reads `` New Message -LRB- s -RRB- . '' Okay , I dont think thatI am alone here when this leads me to believe that there are new messages ... right ? Okay , no , it just means that someone has called , and will then display the Caller I.D. when you press the button . -LRB- after the standard 1/2 second has passed -RRB- . Anyway , overall I find it to be technologically ambitious , so much so that it negates it 's everyday usability . Voice dialing is great , but if getting my messages is challenging , where 's the excitement ?
 Do n't buy this phone until you understand the following.I must second a number of the negative statements made by the other reviewers - There are some serious flaws here . If you 're even considering this phone then you probably care about aesthetics and ergonomics -LRB- e.g. , wanting to have multiple extensions that work together -RRB- , a rich feature set , as well as sound quality , which this phone DOES have in varying degrees . The major difficulty is that the positives with respect to these qualities are really great , and the negatives are shockingly bad . The feature set is so good , for a technophile like me it 's hard to diss this phone too much because you just ca n't get voice announce and voice dialing at this price level -LRB- Closest would be the Panasonic Gigarange Elite phone that sells for 225 to 250 internet -RRB- . Some of the ideas are innovative and thoughtful , like the ability to have lower volume ringing at night according to your preset times . But there is a stunning lack of field testing evident in some of the basic functions that we take for granted by now , such as the inelegance of the call waiting -LRB- MEM key , something that took me 30 minutes and three lost call waiting calls to figure out before I found that package insert -RRB- , the annoying electronic music for the ON-HOLD music -LRB- sounds like an early eighties electronic watch alarm , very unprofessional and embarrassing if you 're intending to maintain dignity by placing someone on hold in the first place -RRB- . The sluggishness of the menu scrolling and key presses is absolutely inexcusable . Reminds me of the first caller ID units which came out in the mid nineties with very slow LCD displays . Like others have stated some very frequent options are buried deep in submenus while some low-yield options are more prominent . You really need to spend some quality time with the manual.Some of the operations could be a little more intuitive and less repetitive . I found myself -LRB- until I spent more time with it -RRB- entering names twice , once for the voice tag and once for the directory listing . Why not zero times , e.g. , have the phone pull the information off the Caller I.D. with an editing option?The Duplex speakerphone in the handset is awesome , one of the best handset speakerphones I 've heard . The volume in the handset itself is on the quiet side , and the lack of headphone jack is very annoying . The range is not very good with this phone -LRB- consistent with other Siemens multiphones-That 's why they sell REPEATERS for longer range use -RRB- , and pales in comparison to older 900MHz analog or digital phones , not just in my experience but by other internet reviewers . -LRB- An old VTECH went down to the laundry room in the basement , and I live on the third floor . This Siemens phone gets to the entry of my apartment and chokes - No wireless network in use here either ! -RRB- . A Gigarange Panasonic phone I tested works down the block and then some -LRB- I had to get into my car -RRB- in the middle of San Francisco!Despite being a nice looking handset and feeling comfortable in both large and small hands , it had a somewhat inexpensive and plastic feeling compared to the water resistant Panasonic Gigarange phones . They 're clearly attempting to maintain elegance by avoiding visible buttons on the base , but how elegant is it to have to turn the base upside-down to find a recessed button to page the handset each time it -LRB- frequently -RRB- gets buried in the recesses of your couch/bed/etc ? I guess I care a little bit more about phones than most because of the time I spend on them . This is a highly engineered phone that has serious ergonomic and aesthetic flaws , the degree of which prevent me from happily continuing to use it or to invest any further money in proliferating this user-unfriendly technology around the house in the form of extra handsets . Siemens ' next attempt at this product will be much better . Do n't buy until they do more user and field testing .
 Okay , I 'll keep this short . Siemens knows how to make electronics , but it does n't know phones . You will get a high tech gadget made by people who are completely amateur when it comes to phone ergonomics . Like :1 -RRB- supplying the phone with batteries that would n't outlast my cell phone ... LITERALLY . I had n't talked on my phone all day , but apparently the ringing from about five phone calls -LRB- and maybe the little red light that flashes to let you know you have a message -RRB- drained it from full . By the way , the speed at which it goes from full to empty will make you have to cut short a lot of conversations .2 -RRB- Hiding the call waiting behind the `` Mem '' button ... brilliant .3 -RRB- The incessant beeping when you are low on batteries ... also brilliant . I can see the engineer on this one
 I was very excited when I found this phone , it seemed like it had everything I ever wanted in a cordless phone . Yes , it is PACKED with features but the negatives definitely outweigh the < mostly useless > features : - NO hold or mute button . What 's up with that ?!? And having to hold the MEM button for a flash button I do n't understand ... Bad design . - The caller ID display on the handset only displays the phone number unless you go through several menu option selections to find out the name -LRB- or unless the number is in your address book -RRB- . Why not put the name on the incoming call display screen like every other Caller ID system ?? - NO headset capability . I did n't ever think that would be a problem but the handset is so small and awkward to handle it would be very nice to have one . - Good range , but constant buzzing noise in the background . No , I did n't have a microwave or wireless network running . - The voicemail system sounds bad . Too much crackling noise in the greeting and the messages . - Slow response to button presses . Very annoying and it 's hard to understand why it 's designed this way . - The display light turns off too quickly . Minor inconvenience but ` why ' ?? - After using it for about 6 weeks the display began to malfunction . Also , the battery began to die also . It would n't hold a charge for more than 3 hours on standby.Needless to say I was very disappointed . This phone HAD a lot of potential .
 I have the 4215 and spare handset with base -LRB- I think its the 4210 -RRB- . I bought this combo because of the positive reviews when I was researching on this site , speaker phone feature , and sleek look . I now wish I could return it to Amazon . The phone is not intuitive to use . I am pretty technical and normally can figure things out without readding the manual . Not so with the Siemens phone . Also , there is no key for instant mute . The worst part is the keys are slow to execute . Meaning if I press a key , there is a delay . My cable remote is the same and I hate it ! Other phones do not seem to have this problem . The battery also seems to be weak . If I leave the phone off the base for a day , the phone is dead . I would not recommend this phone .
 Battery went dead withing couple of months . replaced battery by paying $ . Bad customer service , they do not want here problems with phone .
 1 . This phone works fine but the battery life is very short . We 've had the phone of about 40 days and the batteries wo n't hold a charge . I called Siemens and was told -LRB- both by the customer service agent and the manager -RRB- that they do n't warrantee the battery . In my view , a battery that fails after just 40 days is defective , not worn out . I ended up having to purchase new batteries . I ca n't trust a company that wo n't stand behind its products .2 . I found the directions vague , confusing and contradictory . I had to fiddle with the phone for about two days to get it set up properly .
 I spend over -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on their top of the line model . At first I thought this is great . My friends bought similar models and for the first six months I was happy . Then the buttons on all the handsets started to not work . By the time the problem had become intolerable the warranty had expired . I was told by Customer care that I could buy another one referbished . Wow , what a great deal ... Spend more money on their cheaply made technology ... Do n't Buy From Siemens .
 My 4215 was sent back twice in the first year . The first time Siemens cross shipped the replace and I was n't out a phone . The second time they would n't do that so I sent them the base only to find out that they were out of stock on the replacement and could n't give me any type of lead time information . I have 3 handsets that go with the phone that are USELESS as paperweights right now . I even told them I was going to right this review and they did n't seem to care . I 'll not have another phone of theirs .
 Great features and design except for the battery life . It started out great and has deteriorated to the point that it only lasts about 40 minutes . My sister has the same phone and the same problem . She even exchanged it thru Siemens twice and the same thing .
 Me again , the VERY WORST feature
 The phone and handsets have been a big disappointment . The reception has been very poor with a constant `` clicking '' which is very annoying during conversations . The key action is very unresponsive and the caller ID function is poor compared to the much less expensive ATT phone we replaced . The concept of multiple handsets located around the home is great but the phones shortcomings make this one to avoid .
 I have had this product for a little over a year . It does not hold up well . In addition to being difficult to program , the sound quality is deteriorating and the keypad on all of the handsets have become difficult to use . I sincerely regret having purchased with product .
 This was a great phone for for the first month or so . -LRB- We have four . -RRB- The battery life is a joke . It uses old-tech -LRB- nickel cad -RRB- instead of lithium ion . You can let the phone charge all night , and the next day you 're lucky if you get 30 minutes talk time . My wife found the menu system cumbersome , especially when trying to flip between calls in call-waiting . -LRB- The big buttons at the top never work , although the label `` accept '' pops up . It 's more a dare than a suggestion . -RRB- By the time you navigate through 3 or 4 menu levels , your in-coming call has hung up .
 My wife and I bought this phone shortly after having our place remodeled with very high expectations . The phone is nicely styled , has some terrific features and the multiple handset feature really sounded attractive . Unfortunately , the phone was initially delivered with dead batteries -- a harbinger of things to come . We have had to replace our base unit twice in nine months -LRB- it shorted out -RRB- despite new phone and electrical wiring in the house and surge protection . Dealings with Siemens customer service have proven to particularly frustrating ...
 ... We have already had to have it replaced once , as it was chirping the entire first week we had it , claiming not to be sitting in its cradle properly . It still chirps when someone walks near it now , that is how unsteady the connection to the charging contacts is . The remote access feature is difficult , and getting messages from the answering machine just is n't that easy , even at home . Deleting them is a chore as well . It has no buttons on the base , everything is operated from the handset , and frankly it is a real pain . The speakerphone part is acceptable but lacks volume . The phone also clicks frequently while talking , as if it is switching channels or something , and during a conversation this can be quite annoying , as you have to continually ask , `` are you still there ? '' We had a Panasonic cordless that I liked a lot better but it broke , so we were leary of getting another . I really liked the appearance of this phone and the multiple handset option , which we also got , but there are others out there ... like Vtech and Panasonic . Do n't bother with this one .
 We had our phone for just a year when the base station failed . After doing some research , we learned that this is a very common problem with this phone . As a `` courtesy '' the manufacturer agreed to replace the base station after we returned ours by mail , but considering what we have learned , we expect that this will fail again.The phone has lots of features , including a good directory . The speakerphone sound quality is good . The sound quality using the handset is average -- sometimes hissy , sometimes tinny.Overall , the phone is a little cumbersome to use -- not really intuitive . If you tend to rest the handset on your shoulder when you talk , you will disconnect , because of the way the handset is designed.I definitely do not recommend this phone . I was not terribly happy with it when it was working , but now I know that it has a history of problems . Do your research before purchasing this!We will try the Uniden TRU-5685-2 -LRB- ? -RRB- instead .
 Beware of this phone . It looks cool , but that 's it . The battery life is terrible . And just TRY answering call waiting . Forget about it . This thing is a disaster . DO NOT BUY .
 I had this phone for about six months and the transmitter in the base went out , making the whole system useless . I called Siemens support and they said there is nothing they can do about it . I must purchase a whole new unit - no way to get a replacement part . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone .
 I have owned this phone for over six months now and I wish I had never bought it . The audio quality is extremly poor , the battery life is terrible and it is very complex to operate , and I 'm a technicial professional.This phone was not very well thought out . Who would think that to answer a call waiting that you need to press the MEM button ? The TALK button , the END button maybe , but not the MEM button . Thats just one example.My 900Mhz VTech was a awsome phone I should have gone with VTech again.Very dissappointed .
 I bought the siemens based on the company reputation and the features / price comparison.The base station unit easily recognizes all units , and the phone system is very easy to set up . However I 've experienced horrible reception with many snaps , crackles . More frustrating is that it frequently and intermittently disconnect during calls.Reception and drop-offs did not seem to be related to distance from the base unit . I may have experienced these problems due to the fact i 'm running a wireless network in my house ; there have been many comments elsewhere about 2.4 G phones interfering with wireless lands . However , turning off the Wireless lan temporarily did not improve phone reception.i lived with the sub-par performance of the siemens for a few months and could never get it to improve . Finally my household forced me to purchase a different phone system . I moved to a 5.8 G phone from another vendor and have experienced no problems .
 Spent too much time researching cordless phones ended up going with this one given that it appeared to have the most positive reviews . Have owned it for about 5 months along with an extra headset . Bottom line this phone is poorly conceived and engineered and just plain aggravating at times . There is almost a constant buzzing sound in the background -LRB- I am not running a WIFI network -RRB- , the controls on the handset are very complicated -LRB- way more so than even the most `` advanced '' cell phone -RRB- and I consider myself a technofile . I just wanted a high quality cordless phone that had a good signal , battery life , looked good and was free of defects what I got was a phone with questionable sound quality and a need for a PHD to figure out how it works . For those of you with a temper save yourself from eventually chucking this phone at the wall and look elsewhere .
 -LRB- please read the update below -RRB- PROS
 Was on a conference call with a client , last week , and heard the amazing quality of the speaker phone . Rushed out the next day to buy the 4015.1 . speaker phone is amazing , volume is to low for loud rooms .2 . Basic functions are burred rather deep w/in the menus . While the interface and navigation of the phone is ok , not intuitive but ok .4 . horrible selection of rings
 mine did not properly program , it was actually new in the box , sealed , but defective , but i was able to use it for phone calls , just not some programming of functions ... it was a 2.4 siemens , not this exact model , but i did the right thing ... . i returned it . pronto . i thought the clarity would be great , it was not good outside of the house , approaching my neighbor 's house , only about 40 footsteps away , started fading . the battery life was the worst of any device i 've ever used . although my panasonic 2.4 was big , fat , bulky , with a pocket clip , it way outperformed the siemens model on battery life , ease of use , range , and of course the volume and clarity . i could hear people with the panasonic , not so well with the siemens product . boo hiss . poor design . i really wanted to like it because it was a bit pricey and very light and it had the ability to add a 2nd or 3rd set on the same main station . okay , so this model pictured was not the exact one i bought , but i am looking for the `` best phone in the world '' and so far , i 've got to say the bang & olufsen is getting my vote . i am about ready to buy a main and 2 add-on handsets . it got 5 stars out of 5 on all five reviews i read on another site . upon returning my siemens unit , i asked the store clerk whether others had done the same . yes , a few had been returned , but not a single return on the panasonic model i had , so i purchased another one of the panasonics . now i have two . bravo for the return dept. get your money back . then begin smiling again . you will hate this phone . you will hate the battery life . if i have erred , and you really love your siemens phone , then you 'll simply hate me and my stinky review . i can live with that . kevin@kevins.com
 All the complaints about this phone are true . It 's about the most sophisticated phone I 've ever seen , but , in the end , it just falls short . I agree with all the other complaints I 've reads , and I want to add this one : The batteries -LSB- are bad -RSB- . THey 're cheap rechargeable batteries . And while some might think this makes it easy to buy replacements , I 'd more concerned with the fact that they do n't hold their charge very well and die every 2-3 weeks .
 This phone is complete junk . I would n't use this phone if someone gave it to me for free . People who like this phone from other reviews think it looks cool -LRB- that 's all I can gather -RRB- . It has a bunch of features that are clumsy and annoying.Cons1 . Are slow to get to -LRB- the menus and pushing buttons -RRB- 2 . Voice dialing ? what a joke . It is n't true voice dialing3 . The clarity was awful . It sounded like I was on a CB radio . One reason it might have been bad is because I have a 2.4 GHZ wireless router ; though my Panasonic sounds crystal clear.Pros1 . Looks cool2 . They really tried with the features ... tried ... 3 . Looks cool
 Before beginning my review , do n't buy this phone if you 're not good with gadgets . I 'm doing this for those who are just skimming through.Okay , this phone is PACKED w/features . Even a gadget lover like me NEEDED to read through the manual . I do n't think there are other phones on the market that offer all the features this phone does . However , along with the clever features came with some SIGNIFICANT problems that completely defeat the purpose of a cordless phone .1 . The reception is HORRIBLE . I have the 4215 base unit and 2 extra 4200 handsets for a 2-bedroom apartment and the reception is still terrible . The base unit is placed in the centrally located living room while the extra handsets are in the bedrooms , and remember your handsets ' reception is relative to the base unit , not the charging dock for the handset . Just from the living room to my bedroom -LRB- which ca n't be that far since it 's only a modestly sized APT -RRB- , I already hear mad clicking sounds . It 's so bad that you simply would not want to continue your phone conversation until you walk back to the living room where the base unit is . If you have a big house , do n't even bother with this phone unless your house has no walls and no electronics in it , or if you 're prepared to buy one base unit -LRB- 4215 -RRB- per room .2 . Horrible is too nice of a word to describe the phone 's battery life . I followed the instructions on how to operate and charge the battery from the manual , so this is not caused by mistakes I made . I can charge the phone all day and after one short call and leaving the phone out of the cradle for maybe an hour or so , the phone will indicate with a LOUD & annoying beep that battery is low and needs charging again . So basically full charge to no charge can be accomplished by a single call and an hour of standby time . And because the beep is so loud when battery is low , there 's no way you can talk on that phone or not put it back in the cradle to charge . That beeping sound will literally drive you crazy . You might be thinking that it 's an isolated problem with my phone , but no , this battery problem happens with ALL 3 of my handsets , which I bought from 3 different locations at 3 separate times.Other minor problems :3 . The buttons are quirky . They 're not consistently responsive . Sometimes you have to press a key more than once for the phone to recognize it .4 . The phone 's answering system WILL NOT allow you to delete a message until you 've heard part of it , so you ca n't simply delete a message without listening to it first -LRB- the screen already displays the phone # that left the message -RRB- , which is very annoying especially when you do n't want to listen to them and are trying to delete multiple new messages at one time . The answering system is NOT designed for quick operation . In fact , the whole phone is not designed for quick & easy operation.Conclusion
 I have been having this phone for about one year . I works fine , but it is so combersome to use that it is not really worth buying it . Perhaps the manufacturer paid so much attention to the non-phone features that they forgot the basics . Pressing the buttons has an annoying delay , the caller id has problems displaying the names unless they are already stored in the phone directory , etc. . But the really weird one is that I was unable to use the call waiting feature until few days ago . Apparently to flash the hook you have to press the `` mem '' button -LRB- nowhere mentioned in the manual ... oh yeah it 's intuitive ! -RRB- and you have to do that for some amount of time , not too long not too short . Until I found this `` feature '' , I tried to use other phones in the house to avoid missing calls . I buy a phone for the phone features , not for the pda features . I do not carry my cordless phone to the office ! I could care less for the pda features , but I expect the call waiting to work in a `` normal '' way . Is that hard ?
 I 've had this phone along with 2 additional handsets . I bought them without doing much research first but thought they looked great and offered a great deal of services.They have never worked well . Call waiting does not work and the phones have intermittently cut off conversations since I got them . The phone system dies just before the warranty ran out . Siemens has taken a month to send me a new phone leaving me with no choice but to go out and buy new phones.I 've been dissapointed with the product for a year and the terrible customer service has convinced me not to buy another Siemens product .
 The Siemens 4215 is not only the worst cordless phone I 've ever used , but may be the worst consumer product . This phone looks bad on its own , but comparing it to the Panasonic system I bought to replace it makes it look even worse.This phone has a number of features that sound cool
 ` This phone is truelly amazing with all of its features . It even calls itself '' The handset that has it all ! '' Well if it has it all , then why in the world would it not be headset compatible . It even comes with a belt clip . It 's like they just forgot to add that feature when it went into production . The phone is much to hard and uncomfortable to hold up to my ear , or on my shoulder for any length of time . I am very frustated at having to return this phone because i have not seen any others with this many bells and whistles . If Siemens would have either made this phone more comfortable or had preferably added headset capability , I believe that it would be the best phone on the market . But without either of these , I am dissapointedly having to return this phone .
 I bought this phone just over a year ago . Base phone plus one additional headset . Overall my recommendation is to STAY AWAY from this product , particularly at this price . It looks good on paper , i.e. , long on feature , very short on performance . My additional headset died within the first year -- the LCD display did n't work at all , problems registering to the base set , etc. . The sound quality is much worse than my 900MHz phone of a few years ago . I 've tried moving the phone location , etc. , but nothing seems to have worked . Using the phone initially is not very intuitive -- definitely need the manual for simple things sucha s turnign the ringer off , or muting !
 After extensive research I decided to buy this phone.Well , the first one I bought broke after 2 weeks - the LCD display got screwed up . Since I liked the design and features I went to the store and exchanged it for the same model . After about 2 weeks of using it the charger on the 4200 -LRB- supplemental receiver -RRB- stopped working . I thought I would give it one more try since , again , I liked the phone . So I exchanged it . What happened next ? you guessed it - the new charger is not charging again.In the meantime I called Siemens and asked them to send me the new charger -LRB- thought it will be easier than returning to the store -RRB- . They said they are `` out of them '' -LRB- boy - now I know why ! -RRB- and they can send me the whole receiver and I will have to keep the charger and send them back the receiver . To do that they wanted my credit card number . Also they mentioned -LSB- a -RSB- charge that will appear on the bill but I should `` disregard it '' . That 's the whole story . All in all - bad customer service , and the phone with great features that is broken is just a BAD phone . I will return mine tomorrow .
 I bought this phone expecting it would be the best phone I had ever owned . Boy , was I wrong ! The first phone I purchased was defective and was returned for the same model . The second phone was also defective . To make a long story short ... I had five of these phones before I returned it for good . I will never purchase another Siemens product ever again.I will admit that the features are excellent ... that 's why I gave the phone five chances at satisfying me . But in the end , it 's a piece of junk . One of the phone 's features is being able to set the ringer volume down or off at certain hours of the day . I chose to have the ringer turn completely off overnight . This worked for about the first two weeks of operation , but ceased to work for no reason after that . This was a problem for three of the phones I used . The other two phones had LCD problems within three weeks of purchase . The LCD went haywire and became unreadable.All of the phones I used made a `` popping '' sound whenever I moved more than twenty feet from the base unit . Overall , the sound quality was n't very good . The phone does not have the ability to switch to an alternate channel.The phone lacked a headset jack too which is disappointing as well . The LCD readout is sluggish with each key pressed or function accessed.If you want a quality phone ... do n't buy this one !! This is by far the worst cordless phone I have ever owned , and I 've owned many .
 When you 're talking and want to change the handset volume , you have to interrupt your conversation so you can look at the display , then press menu , scroll down to handset volume , and perform a few more steps to change the volume . Ridiculous . It needs a regular volume control . Same thing with call waiting . There is no flash button . You have to go through the menu system to switch to the waiting call .
 I received my Siemens 4215 today , as much as I tried to like it , and I am a bit of a gadget person , it is going back tomorrow . This phone does not live up to the hype , my old , cheaper -LRB- now broken -RRB- Panasonic 900 MHz phone worked much better than this more expensive model from Siemens.The `` mute button '' is the most annoying feature for me , when a conversation is muted , the person on the other end of the line actually hears music , and I would hear nothing on my end - that is hold not mute ! This ` mute ' feature is not work going to work out for those long conference calls I need to make , where I normally mute my phone to listen.The other problems with the phone is not so much a Siemens ' problem , but a problem with the crowded 2.4 GHz bandwidth . This phone is full of static in the vicinity of an operating microwave oven . If you have an 802.11 b wireless LAN at home you will hear a lot of clicking and static on the phone when your computer is transmitting signal.Resist the hypes on this phone , The older 900 MHz phone is still a much better choice .
 The Siemens Gigaset 4200 , 4210 , and 4215 units are powerful telephones , but be FOREWARNED ... Customers residing in the 14-state Qwest -LRB- formerly US West -RRB- service area may NOT be able to utilize some of the advanced telephone features.Siemens claims that the 4200-series provides support for `` Advanced Caller ID on Call Waiting '' -LRB- aka `` Caller ID 2.5 '' -RRB- when the service is obtained from the local telephone company . The Siemens 4215 User 's Manual states , `` The Gigaset 4215 fully supports this convenient telephone company feature . `` Do n't believe it !!!! Siemens provides support for `` Caller ID 2.5 '' and claims it is a `` standard '' . Qwest provides `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' which requires Type 3 -LRB- aka ADSI or Analog Display Service Interface -RRB- CPE -LRB- Customer Premises Equipment -RRB- . Type 3 CPE can be programmed -LRB- by calling a Qwest-provided 800 number -RRB- for use in the Qwest service area with the `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service . Siemens ' Gigaset 4200-series CAN NOT be programmed to work with the Qwest `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service.How Siemens can sell a brand new telephone boldly claiming support for features that require support from , but are not provided by , one of the major national telephone companies -LRB- serving 14 states and millions of consumers -RRB- is absolutely beyond me!Siemens customer support is rather unknowledgeable regarding these matters . They 're good at making excuses and claiming that `` 2.5 is the current standard '' , but absolutely of no assistance in making this customer happy.I wo n't be buying any more of these telephones and ca n't recommend them to anyone .
 The phone looks sleek and has state of the art features . The problem
 I bought this phone for the look and multitude of features , however , there are too many features . After 6 months , I still need to refer to the owners manual for certain things . The quality is okay , but do n't talk on the phone when the microwave is on . The handset speaker is the best feature . Also , the voice recognition was cool , until my -LSB- child -RSB- decided to start using it . If you do n't say names the same way each time , it calls someone else . I do n't like the extreme lightweight feel to it , makes it feel -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- and fragile . The battery life was fine in the beginning , but now only lasts about 1-2 hours off the base . Not good when there is no handset locator feature . With everything compacted into this phone , you would think it at least had that ! Do n't think I 'll ever buy this name brand again . So far , Uniden 's been the best for ease of use and durability .
 Its been just over a year since I purchased the base and two extra handsets . The base has now failed on me twice . The first time Siemens replaced it -LRB- they made me send it back to them before they would send me another one - leaving me without a phone system for 4 weeks -RRB- . This time -LRB- 14 months from original purchase and 4 months from replacement -RRB- they tell me that the base is no longer under warranty and I 'll have to buy a new one .
 I actually already wrote a negative review on this phone two months ago and my displeasure with the phone has increased to the point that we are headed out to the store to buy a new phone . I do not write many reviews but I felt compelled given my incredibly poor experience with this phone . We bought the phone 3 months ago on the recommendation from a friend.PROS :1 -RRB- when the phone is n't clicking every other second the sound clarity is very clear .2 -RRB- It looks pretty goodCONS :1 -RRB- Battery life is abysmal . The screen face and blinking message light consumes too much power when the phone is not being used . You can not leave the phone off the hook for more than hour or it dies .2 -RRB- The phone is beyond complicated to use and I and my wife are technofiles .3 -RRB- When you finally figure out the call waiting function it often does not work .4 -RRB- the phone is constantly clicking this occurs even when our microwave and wireless computer network are turned off -LRB- when they are on the phone is virtually not usable -RRB- 5 -RRB- Aggravating delay when you dial a number -LRB- sort of the like the old phones that had pulse dial -RRB- Bottom line this is a poorly engineered product , that is distinctly NOT user friendly , and to top it all off it is expensive . The day after I posted my original message another appeared that this was one of the greatest cordless phones ever . I wonder if the person worked for Siemens or for Amazon -LRB- I think they sometimes buy in bulk at a discount from manufacturers -RRB- . I can say without hesitation that you should save yourself the aggravation and buy ANY other phone , but this one .
 I purchased this phone several months ago because of all the wonderful `` cell phone like '' features it had . Unfortunately this phone is nothing like any cellphone you may have . The menus are awful and navigation is difficult and confusing and incredibly slow . Each button must be pressed hard and then you must wait 1 - 5 seconds for the menus to switch or commands to run -LRB- such as deleting an answering machine message takes 3-4 seconds . -RRB- Next , the battery life is extremely poor , I was initially getting 12 hours stand by on a full charge . I then contacted customer support and let them know and they sent me new batteries . They were just as bad . I contacted customer support again and they told me not to expect more than 12-24 hours of stand by . I told them that on the web it states that i should get 10 hours talk time and 150 hours stand by time ... Anyway , the phone is an incredibly good idea gone incredibly bad . Dont waste your time . I was excited too before I got the phone but it ended up being one the worst purchases I ever made .
 Siemens do not offer repair support in the US on any of their phones once the one year warranty is up . I was willing to pay and send it wherever but no luck there . If your phone system goes wrong , you are on your own ! All they do is suggest you buy a reconditioned unit from them.Until they sort this out , I would recommend not buying their phones . I speak from experience after having suffered their uncaring Customer Care dept.
 I paid $ 130 for the base and also bought two other phones at $ 60 each . Less than two years later , I 'm told the electronics are shot and too bad for you , the warrenty is expired . Now , I understand that the base was failing much earlier . I thought I was buying quality and service . I got neither . I did n't find the phones complicated to use ; just a hassle because of the poor design . I 've never written a review about a consumer product , but then I 've never been this dissatisfied with a product.Beware .
 Did want to add that I found the manual for this phone online . However , I still find the telephone hard to use . I 'm passing on the phone and manual to a friend who is working on her doctorate in instructional technology -LRB- for real -RRB- . Perhaps she can find it more `` user friendly '' than I did .
 To start , when this phone system works properly , it is very nice . The sound quality is fine , ergonomics are good , and there are plenty of features . To set up the phone properly and utilize all of the features it takes someone not intimidated by technology.Unfortunately after 12 months ownership , both of the handsets failed . The keypads stopped working so you could not dial out or hang up . Out of warranty I replaced them with two new handsets . 6 months later the base failed . When I called Siemens customer support to ask for help , they claimed a failure rate of &#60; 1 % . Of course , being out of warranty , they would n't consider replacing the base . On my original purchase the Siemens product failure rate is now 100 % .
 The phone was OK while it worked . I have two extra handsets that are useless exactly a week after my one year warranty is over because the base station is dead . I should 've read reviews here before my purchase . I am trying to salvage my other handsets by buying another base on ebay ... hopefully for less than $ 30 .
 PROS
 Sounds great on paper and online , but ... I admit that this is one of the better esthetically designed cordless phones out there in the US . I do not know why other manufacturers such as sony , panasonic can not mack the phones as beautiful as the ones sold in Europe or Asia.And this model works fine too
 I also have gone thru 2 bases . The first base lasted aproximately 1.5 years then went bad ... the second lasted only 45 days ... they then informed me that it was not going to be covered by warrenty due to act of god . I will never purchase another of their products !
 The main reason I bought this phone was for my Mother who has some dexterity problems with her fingers . I was looking for the Voice Dial function which has become very popular with cell phones so she would be able to dial without using her fingers.This function requires that you use the 5-way toggle pad to get to the feature . If you push too hard on the small , sensitive toggle pad , it is becomes another function . What in the world were they thinking?Why would even want Voice Dial if you can have programmed speed dials ??? BAD DESIGN !!!! The other issues were all present that others have complained of.The features of this phone are excellent but function is terrible for this much money .
 Having bought a Siemens phone system for a 500 person company , I expected great quality and features and bought the full 4-handset system . I was disappointed . The audio quality is poor , there is lots of interference -LRB- especially from the microwave -RRB- , dropped calls even with good signal , a brain-dead user interface -LRB- who thought up using the MEM key for call waiting ? -RRB- , lousy speakerphone with no volume control ... I could go on . The user manual emphasizes all kinds of esoteric features but one has to really dig for several of the basics of operation . For example , the fact that the MEM key was for call waiting was not on the quick reference page , nor was there a page at all for call waiting ! One positive
 I wish I would have read the reviews before going out to buy this phone system . The base station has been the cause of all the trouble . I can only get slightly over one years use out of it before it fails . The first time around , Siemens had a new one on it 's way to me only after they first received a handset from me . It did n't matter to Siemems which one of the three originally purchased handsets should be returned . The company did n't even need to see the malfunctioning base . They just needed `` a '' handset and replaced both the base and handset as a set . Siemens honored the warranty even though more than 1 year had passed.My second base unit lasted about 14 months before failing . No warranty available to me this time . My three handsets have worked well for over the entire period . I think I will look into other cordless phone setups to replace the Siemens.Terrific phone when it 's working . I wish I could simply replace the base unit but they are sold as a combo only , base and handset . It irritates me knowing that my three perfectly good handsets and charging stations are now useless to me . Anybody want to buy a gently used handset : - -RRB-
 I purchased the 4215 with high expectations , as you would expect ... . I was looking for a state-of-the-art phone with cool features , that is hands-free capable as has great receptionWhat I recieved was a phone that , although does some very cool features , is not comfortable to hold for long periods and is not hands-free capable -LRB- yeah , they got me there ... you have to buy the additional handset for another -LSB- amount of money -RSB- -RRB- . Also , the frequency of the phone is too close to the that of a microwave oven - so forget about chatting while you are cooking in the kitchen -LRB- but you 'll need 2 hands for that anyway ... -RRB- However , these problems were minor when capared to the technical issues experienced with the phone . I have had to return the phone twice because the phone `` lost registration '' and could n't `` find '' ther base station . Yes , this phone is certainly is `` state-of-the-art '' ... And be warned - Siemens will not refund your -LSB- money -RSB- they only `` repair or replace '' ... Needless to say , here I am with a -LSB- less expensive -RSB- hands-free phone , trying to defend the logic of spending -LSB- more money -RSB- on one of lesser quality ...
 This phone is tempting . It looks great , feels nice on your ear , lacks an antenna , and has an inconspicuous base that does n't draw attention . However , the phone is a poor performer compared to the excellent panasonic multi-handset KX-TG27X0 series . First , the panasonic can support 8 handsets and allow 4 handsets and the base speakerphone on the line simultaneously . The Siemens base supports just 4 handsets , and only 2 on the line simultaneously . The siemens handsets can subscribe to multiple bases , but will not switch from one base to the other as you move around . So if you move from one base 's area to the other-whether you 're on the line or not-your reception will fade and your call will be dropped . The siemens has terrible range . It would n't even cover my whole NYC apartment . The panasonic works all over my apartment , in the elevator , and 8 floors down in the lobby . That 's impressive . The siemens ' keypad is cramped , has stiff buttons , and has poor tactile feel . Not to mention an awful delay in the response to a button push . The Panasonic has a backlit key pad and buttons that are much more responsive and well spaced . And no delay on button pushing . The panasonic has `` booster '' function to increase the transmitting power and improve range and reception . Nothing but poor range and bad signal quality on the siemens . The panasonic does use menus , but the most used features during a call-speaker volume , flash , mute , signal booster-are all accessible with one button push . The siemens has no features immediately accessible.The siemens does not have a mute , requires you to hold down the recessesed `` mem '' key to `` flash '' or use call waiting , The siemens does have a few perks . The sound quality is nice and you get to name handsets . It does call recording and voice dialing , but it 's not easy . It uses AA batteries so they 're easilly and cheaply replaceable . It does allow you to lower the ringer volume at night . It does allow the caller to directly access one particular handset . But those are the icing on a cake . And the panasonic 's cake is much better . And cheaper too .
 this review concerns the siemens 242 2.4 spread sprectrum phone . well actually it concerns siemens support or lack thereof . i purchased three siemens 242 phones about 8 months ago and two out of the three died . one was sent back to service about 5 weeks ago and the other one was sent back one week ago . five weeks ago siemens support said we will send you a replacement phone as soon as we get your phone . two weeks , three weeks , four weeks , after finally calling them about 5 times , they said we are having an issue replacing your 242 phones and we will substitute a different model , model 2410 . one week , two weeks , no phones so i call again and this time i am told we dont have any 2410 's in stock to send you and we dont have any idea when they will be in stock . so i have been waiting for about 6 weeks for siemens to replace my phones and the best they can offer is we dont know when it will be . i asked them to replace them with some type of compatible phone , that is in stock and they refused to . the phone when it worked was ok but two out of three didnt make it one year and as far as service goes , i would rate them a zero .
 I purchased this phone less than a year and a half ago and now it simply stopped functioning . Customer service disclaims any responsibility since it is over a year old . For the price that I paid , I feel this product and service associated with it is a ripoff !
 I have had two handsets , having replaced the first one after the headphone jack stopped working after three years . The replacement handset , now three years old also has a malfunctioning headphone jack . I used to love to use the belt clip and my headphones to take conference calls at home and not have have my hands free to use the PC , etc. . After two failed handsets , I would not buy this product again .
 I purchased a 4215 base and 2 additional handsets and we really like the system . However , the base failed today -LRB- after 2 years of service -RRB- . Customer service at Siemens was prompt and professional -- they answered the phone immediately and were able to help me troubleshoot the problem quickly . HOWEVER , SIEMENS WARRANTY IS 1 YEAR AND THEY SELL NO REPLACEMENT PARTS . I WOULD NEED TO PURCHASE A NEW HANDSET AND BASE AT THE STORE . I 'M UPSET THAT A `` HIGH-END '' SYSTEM LIKE THIS FAILS AFTER 2 YEARS AND WILL PURCHASE ANOTHER GIVEN THE SIMILAR FAILURES THAT OTHERS NOTE IN THESE REVIEWS . I will never buy another Siemens product .
 This phone offers one of the best features on the market . You could select the ring tones , give a name to each extension , have it ring only 1 of the headsets depending on the choice the caller makes , conference call , Volume and distance are decent , size of phone is like a cellular phone , keeps alot of redials . I had returned this product 3 times with static problems and battery life . On the 4th there was no static but standby life on a fully charged battery was only 2 hours with talk time being 15 minutes . Customer support was no help . This phone would have been a 5 stars if the battery life lasted a decent time .
 I had this phone for about six months and the transmitter in the base went out , making the whole system useless . I called Siemens support and they said there is nothing they can do about it . I must purchase a whole new unit - no way to get a replacement part . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone .
 I bought the phone without doing a lot of research and it has been a major disappointment . Other than the sleek headset I do n't have anything good to say about it . There are 2 reasons why I 'm really upset with the purchase . # 1 the volume on the headset is very low . Compared to my old phone I have trouble hearing people . # 2 the battery life is the worst of any cordless I have ever owned . If you do n't leave the phone in the base the batteries will be dead within a couple of days on standby , if you talk on the phone or not . If you are considering buying this phone I would suggest you keep looking
 I purchased the 4215 phone and one extra receiver 4200 . I liked it very much but only when it actually worked . The LCD on 4215 broke after only 2 or 3 weeks of using it and the charger on 4200 stopped recharging TWICE . After exchanging the phones twice I am returning the whole system to the store . I called Siemens to get a new charger but was told they are `` out of them '' . hmmm ... I wonder why ...
 I have a set of three of these phones -LRB- my mistake to buy all at once -RRB- . They have had problems from Day One . I have had to return them to Siemens -- only to get the same problems back . None of their recommended fixes have worked . And worst of all , customer support has been atrocious . I recommend not buying these . I bought two other 2.4 Ghz phones from AT&T , and they have been flawless in the exact same environment .
 I 've bought two of these phones and the base is defective . Both times the base went dead and Siemens would not fix stating that it was and act of god -LRB- power fluctuations -RRB- . The second time I purchased I owned the phone less than 60 days!Siemens customer service Sucks !
 My husband bought this phone -LRB- in addition to the model with a telephone base -RRB- for me because of it 's simple to use features and because I needed a reliable phone that could go with me while I chased my kids around the house . Unfortunately , it only took a week for problems to arise and they worsened over the next several months . Phone conversations were interupted with a choppy , static like noise . Sometimes , when dialing , the phone would take forever to dial a number only to find that it had n't connected properly and never completed the dial . We also had problems with connectivity to the base . As the phone would ring , the base could n't find the handset saying `` searching '' ... and we would n't be able to answer the phone without running to another phone in the house.It has wonderful features , including memory redial of several numbers , call id , an extensive phone directory that 's easy to program and much more . Perhaps Siemens will figure out the bugs and put out a better model . So far , we 've tried three of these things hoping that the previous model was just a lemon ... much to our dismay , they all failed . Wish it had worked better . : -LRB-
 Battery life is too tempermentel , but on the average around 30 hours -LRB- handbook states 6 days , yeah right -RRB- . Not normally a problem unless you leave for a couple of days and you forget to put it on the charger . Remember that the answering machine is built into the handset . SO , if it runs out of juice then the answering machine never kicks on . I have had the phone on several occasions run out of juice on just the average 8 hour workday . Who knows what messages i missed . It also has no plain ring tone . Opera sounds , but no basic plain chime.Some of the other fancier feature are nice like speaker phone and room monitor . The basics are lacking so i can not in good mind recommend this phone .
 BUYER BEWARE We bought 8 phones model 4215 -LRB- one for each room in the house -RRB- . We ca n't use the phones because the batteries do n't last although we continually put them back in their holder . Siemens said they knew about the problem and promised to replace the batteries . Now they say they can not send out the batteries and we are beyond our 30 days to return the product . Buyer beware . Do n't buy this phone system from Siemens . We are out more than $ ... -LRB- we bought it when it came out -RRB- . CAVEAT EMPTOR . Siemens is not like Sony , who once happily sent me out a missing plastic piece free of charge .
 I bought this phone -LRB- base plus extra handset -RRB- so I could have a second phone without running wire ; it does that part OK . My two major complaints
 The Siemens Gigaset 4200 , 4210 , and 4215 units are powerful telephones , but be FOREWARNED ... Customers residing in the 14-state Qwest -LRB- formerly US West -RRB- service area may NOT be able to utilize some of the advanced telephone features.Siemens claims that the 4200-series provides support for `` Advanced Caller ID on Call Waiting '' -LRB- aka `` Caller ID 2.5 '' -RRB- when the service is obtained from the local telephone company . The Siemens 4215 User 's Manual states , `` The Gigaset 4215 fully supports this convenient telephone company feature . `` Do n't believe it !!!! Siemens provides support for `` Caller ID 2.5 '' and claims it is a `` standard '' . -LSB- Local Company -RSB- provides `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' which requires Type 3 -LRB- aka ADSI or Analog Display Service Interface -RRB- CPE -LRB- Customer Premises Equipment -RRB- . Type 3 CPE can be programmed -LRB- by calling a -LSB- local company -RSB- - provided 800 number -RRB- for use in the -LSB- local -RSB- service area with the `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service . Siemens ' Gigaset 4200-series CAN NOT be programmed to work with the -LSB- local -RSB- `` Call Waiting Deluxe '' service.How Siemens can sell a brand new telephone boldly claiming support for features that require support from , but are not provided by , one of the major national telephone companies -LRB- serving 14 states and millions of consumers -RRB- is absolutely beyond me!Siemens customer support is rather unknowledgeable regarding these matters . They 're good at making excuses and claiming that `` 2.5 is the current standard '' , but absolutely of no assistance in making this customer happy.I wo n't be buying any more of these telephones and ca n't recommend them to anyone .
 If you have a 4010 or 4015 base station you ca n't use voice dialing . The Screen is harder to read than the 4000 because they chose to use white characters on black background for some of the text . It does n't have a headset jack . The buttons are smaller.The only reason to buy this handset for a 4000 series base station is if you need a compatible speaker phone . Otherwise save some money and stick with the 4000 .
 I used to buy 108 pencils from `` Bic Stationary '' for about $ 22 . Now , somehow , they 're charging $ 33 for only 18 more ?! Ridiculous!As far as pencils go , these are fine . But the price increase is insane .
 A very poor ergonomic design and very poor manufacturing quality equals a garbage product , they are a throwaway product . They are a lot of other brands which cost a little more and will last a long time . A general quality indicator , if it is designed to extend the eraser by a twist of the barrel and that the manufacturer offers eraser refills for it . I have used a Pentel brand pencils for many years and it still works perfectly .
 The first binder came broken and had to be exchanged . The second fell apart after a week . Avoid this product . At least the exchage was easy
 Very poor design without thinking.One layer plastic spine was too weak to hold papersand it broke in a couple weeks .
 I went through two of these , both purchased on Amazon , and returned both . The pen has great ergonomics , a nice piston filler system , and an ink-view window that is -LRB- contrary to some people 's opinions -RRB- functional and discreet . So why did I reject two of these ? They both wrote very jagged horizontal lines - it looked like ink flow was very uneven on cross strokes . And yes , I did thoroughly flush each pen and tried several different inks - and the problem remained.I know Lamy USA has good customer service , but there is no way I was keeping a pen that needed service upon arrival .
 When the package arrived , it had obviously been placed in a box that had already been used . I wo n't be ordering this item again .
 When I received HP Brochure paper I ordered it came without the HP box in a thin USPS mailer that was torn to shreds leaving the paper inside useless . The Brochure paper was too heavy for the thin mailer . The paper should have been left in the HP box shown on the product page an protected by a regular box .
 I bought this thinking it would work like a wireless mouse . I could only get it to advance slides , not to actually work as a mouse without having to be stationary on a solid surface as a mouse has to be . I wanted to be able to work the room without being tied to a desk with a mouse .
 This product claims to be compatible with Mac , but it did n't work with mine . I have an IBook OSX 10.4.10 , and when I plugged the receiver into my USB port , nothing happened . I am not sure if this item was defective , or simply not compatible with my operating system . Beware , and make sure that you can return this if you buy it . I 'm disappointed that I wasted the money on shipping for this .
 While the design of this pointer is ergonomic and it is full-featured , I 've not found this to be a good presenter and would advise against it for several reasons.First , it 's overly-complicated to operate . For example , just to turn the laser pointer on involves pressing and holding two of the keys . I assume this is to save on battery life -LRB- as this pointer does n't have an on/off switch -RRB- . Resetting the connection -LRB- which seems to be required for the first-time use with any PC -RRB- involves pressing a button on the USB antenna and then pressing two of the buttons on the remote itself . Moreover , the USB antenna is separate , and there 's nowhere on the remote to attach it or lock it in which means it can be easily lost . Most other wireless presentation devices have some way of locking the antenna into the unit for precisely this reason.Second , I 've not been able to get all of the features of the pointer to work -LRB- and I 've tested it on multiple PCs -RRB- . The mouse has worked on all of the units I 've tried it with , and the laser pointer works , but that 's where the functionality ends . The scroll wheel to advance the slides -LRB- the only way to advance slides -RRB- do n't work with all PCs -LRB- which leads me to the third problem -RRB- . Third , I attempted to download the driver -LRB- s -RRB- for this mouse in the event that the plug & play driver from Microsoft was n't compatible - however I was unable to find it anywhere on Hiro 's website . The driver page is an index page and is n't searchable by their site 's search engine -LRB- which may indicate how little they care about their customers -RRB- :[ ... -RSB- All in all I would recommend against this product . I prefer my Keyspan by Tripp Lite PR-PRO3 . It 's comparably-priced and works far better -LRB- though some of its features do n't work on all PCs -RRB- .
 I loved it for the year or so it lasted but now I have a $ 40 laser pointer . : -LRB-
 I wanted to like this remote , and it worked pretty well ... for two weeks.For starters , the instruction booklet , like many these days , incorporates extremely tiny print , and to go along with that , the side buttons are very small . I do n't have huge fingers , but locating the buttons , especially for new user , can be frustrating.Several functions require pressing and holding a function key while pressing a second button . It often took several tries to go from laser-only mode to media mode to other modes to power-off . The laser , when it worked , was adequate . I 'd prefer a green laser , but they 're rare and expensive -LRB- the Logitech R800 has one -RRB- . I liked that it had remote mouse capabilities , but I did n't need them that often.The `` flick switch '' to move back and forth in PowerPoint -LRB- or Acrobat Reader , for that matter -RRB- worked flawlessly from up to 40 ' away.The killer for this product , at least for me , is that after two weeks of light use the laser no longer works . I do n't know if the unit just wo n't switch to the right mode or the laser emitter is toast . I 'm now looking at Logitech and other units , but most do n't offer the remote mouse capabilities . Also , this unit is rather tiny - I 'd gladly trade to something larger that has larger buttons and a more solid , durable feel.The saving graces for this product were ease of installation -LRB- plug in the USB transmitter and you 're done -RRB- , range -LRB- my classroom is about 40 ' x 20 ' -RRB- , and the slide switcher.Had the laser not croaked I might give it 3.5 stars overall .
 I was the unlucky recipient of a defective Presenter/Laser Pointer . Initially , I was drawn to this item as it had all of the features I needed at a very reasonable price . Once I received it , I was very disappointed in the unit . It was very difficult to operate since the instructions that came with the presenter were incomplete and very confusing . I had to call the company for an explanation . The help I received from the manufacturer was very good and the wait time was short . However , the gentleman I spoke to was not able to help me as I had received a defective unit . I returned it without issue and have received a refund . I was disappointed in the unit itself as it is made of very light plastic . In addition , once the batteries were installed , the cover for the battery compartment was constantly falling off-very irritating . Others have given this product a sterling review . I however , do not concur as my presenter did not work .
 I 'm not sure if I just got 2 bad eggs , but both of my binders arrived with rips in the seems ... I can still use them , but next time I 'll just go to Wal-mart ...
 Ordered the binder ... maybe I should have checked . After I got the materials in the binder noticed that there was a rip in the edge . I can repair it with tape and NEXT TIME i WILLORDER FROM A ` BUSINESS ' ... LIVE AND LEARN
 The binder I got had rings that did n't align probably . It ate into the pages so in the end I had to contact customer service . I think these should be purchased in stores so you can check it over before buying . Returning and re-buying is a pain .
 Whomever suggested this binder was not thinking clearly . Once I stuff myself inside and bundle my legs into a nice compact fetal position I am finding it very difficult to close the three rings . All of the crazy angles I am having to put my hands in has caused a nasty case of Carpal Tunnel . Thank God Obamacare covers pre-exsisting conditions !!
 Gabrialla Breathable Elastic Abdominal Binder for Women , Small I was looking for a good binder to put a woman in , and I came up with the Gabrialla elastic abdominal binder , which might work better than one of these for keeping a woman in her place . Costs a bit more than 72 cents on the dollar tho .
 So , I was on my THIRD one of these two days ago when this too broke . These things work just great for a little while , or if you rarely if ever need to actually pull the chain from the housing.However , it does not stand up to multiple extensions and retractions on a daily basis . This thing is cheap , Chinese-made , junk .
 This `` Standard Red Laser Pointer '' is of substandard quality and your beam mileage may vary . That is evident , right away , from the screws used to cap the battery barrel . The laser beam turned out flaky on the one I received . It would switch off , or dim randomly . It is likely that the switch is making a flaky contact . During a presentation , there are many worries on the mind and a randomly working laser pointer does not help that situation . The quality comment may be true of this item too which has a similar image : Instapark 5mW 650nm Red Laser PointerI also bought it from seller HDE which does not refund shipping charges even if item is defective .
 Pretty much every major annoyance you 've encountered in a fax machine is present in this thing . First , I receive faxes on a daily basis and the 25 or so blank pages I can insert are not enough . If I try and put more than 25 pages in it will jam or feed two or more pages at one time . Second , you can see the wire attachment catches the faxes we send . What about the faxes we receive ? It spits them out on the bottom to land all over the desk or floor . Hey HP - this is n't rocket science here . Do n't you think buyers would 've liked some kind of tray to catch the incoming faxes ? Third , -LRB- and most annoying -RRB- it simply does n't work properly . Even though it 's supposed to detect the difference , about one in four incoming faxes are picked up by the internal answering machine instead of the fax . Fourth , the answering machine will come on if someone calls and you do n't pick up in four rings . Other machines can detect if you pick up another line and usually stop the message . This one ca n't . Is there anything good about it ? Well , if the fax connection is successful it does print ok faxes at about one page per 30 seconds to one minute . It 's quiet for a fax since it 's basically an inkjet printer . Scans of basic black text copy ok , but it 's evident the page was scanned , photocopies still look better . Definitely do n't use it to copy pages that need to have a professional look.I 've returned this once already , the replacement is just as bad . This model has just too many problems for me to be able to recommend it to anyone.Hope the review helped .
 Like Derek , above , I bought this with high hopes for an all in one unit . Nothing worked properly . I called a non toll free tech support number , finally got thru and listened to the tech read an algorithm . Nothing worked . We then did a swap . Guess what ? Same exact problem ! No dial tone , mixed ring signals etc. . Tech support told me that the phone line frequency was n't specific enough for their precision engineered product . PLEASE GIM ME A BREAK !! 15 years of phone and fax machines on that line means the problem is with the HP and not the phone line . DO N'T BUY this machine if you want to preserve your sanity .
 I 've owned a number of HP products through the years and have always been very pleased with them UNTIL I bought the 1020 . During warranty I got a replacement for the first one , but now the second one is no better . The paper feeder is eratic , the phone volume is too low and wo n't adjust , and the answering machine is a disaster . It screeches , cuts messages off after 10 or so seconds and wo n't terminate calls as it should . This machine is extremely substandard and should be withdrawn from the market .
 Had two machines with same problem of dialing 1 before all calls including local calls . HP technical support recommended returning this product because this is a frequent problem with this design . As with many support desks , help was poor , with friendly but , technically inadequate personnel . I expect that I would receive better answers than `` Try unplugging and replugging the machine ... '' , or `` Maybe it 's the phone company ... '' . or `` Maybe it 's your DSL connection ... '' , etc. ... and YOU pay for the call too .
 I bought this fax machine after years of great service with a HP 920 fax . It was a work horse . Why HP ever discontinued this success story is beyond me . The 1020 was a disappointment , as was the tech support I recieved when they were contacted for help . I first lost all the stored faxes as instructed by there tech support , I was then told me everything was fixed . WRONG . The next week we got calls from other businesses that our faxes where not being received . So what is good about a fax machine that wo n't send or receive ! And who cares about a answering macnine , what a waste .
 I am returning mine . The anwering machine feature reults in outgoing and incoming messages that sound `` muted '' and `` tinny '' - very unprofessional !
 This is a poor choice for anyone who wants to Fax . HP support is nill . Expect to sit on the phone for over a hour and then have the tech send you a trail fax then tell you it works for them ... goodbye . Then turn around and be unable to fax out or lose faxes stored in the memory . On line help is no better . I have waited days and still no response . I even called the corporate office in Palo Alto CA and was promised assistance . I am still waiting . No wonder there stock is doing so poorly , the have forgot the basics in client support . You have been warned .
 HP should have made one more and quit , I need a babysitter making copies or faxing documents as the feed mechanism is very poor quality . I 've never seen more `` error '' lights than on this thing . Very un-happy waste of money and resources .
 Did not get the item in the picture the seller sent me something different altogether to me this is bad . A picture is worth a thousand words and this one is worth nothing .
 I 've been using the Brady TL2200 for a few months now . Unfortunately I have to use it for my job . Here are the main reasons why I do n't like this printer .1 . Cost . It 's really expensive - and if you think the printer itself is expensive , chew on this for a while
 1 . The label make is WAY over priced .2 . The labels are WAY over priced .3 . The ribons are WAY over priced4 . The software to print from a computer is WAY over priced .5 . The printer jams up , skips labels , gets off track regularly so the overpriced labels and ribbons are wasted often.DO NOT BUY THIS LABEL MAKER !
 The cost of the Brady labels are so extreme you 'll have sticker shock . I was just quoted a price of $ 775 per box for the TSL2200 label . We 've used the TLS thermal printer for years . Though it works well most of the time the price of the replacement labels is just too expensive . Time to find a new labeling system . Due to the price I would n't even give this product 1 star .
 Both items arrived scratched on top . The items looked as though they were used as the silver finish is worn though and you can see black streaks and marks . Terrible finish . Also items are not really adjustable unless you pull them apart ; maybe not even then .
 My photo printer is an HP Photosmart 385 Compact Photo Printer -LRB- limited to a 4-inch paper width -RRB- . With the old HP Premium Plus , black would come out truly black -LRB- despite the ' 385 only using a tri-color cart and no black cart ! -RRB- , and shadow details were rendered well . Alas , the prints did take a while to dry -- much longer than HP advanced and the new Premium Plus -LRB- which look like crap in comparison -RRB- . You could handle them right away , but you had to wait a few days to frame/mount/store them in an album -LRB- HP recommended 7 days -RRB- . With HP Advanced and this new `` Fast Drying '' HP Premium Plus , black shows up as dark gray , which results in all shadow details being lost . This is a TREMENDOUS decrease in quality compared to the old Premium plus . It does dry faster , but the quality decrease outweighs the faster drying time and is simply unacceptable . The new Premium plus is nothing more than a thicker version of HP advanced , which is crappy stuff to begin with . Heck , the new Premium Plus even FEELS the same as HP advanced when handled ! They should have called this `` HP Advanced Plus '' paper and kept the old Premium Plus in production.Hopefully they have n't made the regular HP Premium paper `` fast drying '' . If they have , then they have just lost a customer in their photo printing business .
 I am on my second wall file and it has broken again . The file itself is very sturdy , works great and holds everything I need on the refrigerator . The problem is with the 2 fragile little prongs that attach the magnet to the plastic file . It is actually fairly easy to have the magnet become `` unattached '' to the surface and when the unit falls one of those prongs is guaranteed to break and you can no longer use the file . I was able to glue one of them back and it worked for awhile , then it fell again when I was taking something out of it . I wish the prongs for the magnet were as unbreakable as the file holder .
 This product is total junk . The magnetic strip was a total pain to affix to the back of the rack . I put the rack on a dry erase board and put a few normal weight items inside . It immediately fell off of the board and broke when it hit the floor . JUNK .
 Perhaps the clear plastic part of this hanging wall file is `` unbreakable '' -LRB- doubt it -RRB- but the darker colored back piece arrived broken in my shipment . There 's a little plastic piece on each side of the black backing that catches and secures the clear part of the file , and these little pieces are not reinforced.I happened to have super glue handy and was able to do a quick fix , but receiving the `` unbreakable '' product obviously broken is VERY disappointing . And really , how many people have time to deal with sending things back nowadays?And to be clear , this is not necessarily a packaging issue - the product itself has weak plastic parts that likely will not last long .
 Bought several of these unbreakable magnetic files for our department . I was pleased with the durability and the lifetime warranty * -LRB- * = Lifetime warranty applies to wall file only -RRB- THE TINY BRACKETS ON THE MAGNETIC PART HOWEVER ARE NOT IMPRESSIVE AT ALL , THEY SHATTER IF THE FILE FALLS FROM THE SURFACE , rendering it unfixable.Havent found anywhere to replace the magnetic portion and am not about to drop another $ 10 + per unit to replace it when the wall file is fine.The wall file itself is great , roomy with a wide mouth and durable . Perhaps Rubbermaid should reevaluate its mounting system .
 I did n't like this bookmark . It was not well made , and it looked better in the photo .
 I received this as a gift , and I did not like it at all . It 's very flimsy . The charm fell off right away .
 It 's noisy and the movement of stepping on it is n't very smooth . There is n't a stop when the foot rest is pressed towards the downwards position , so it hits the floor which is loud enough on the hardwood floors , it even startles me and I 'm the one pressing it . I would n't recommend this product as it needs improvements . Not worth the money .
 Ha , okay so I 'm really not one to leave reviews ... much less negative ones . People who pick at everything they buy drive me crazy ... however , this might just be the one exception . I 'm not sure how this would happen , but this glue does n't just suck , it 's like not glue at all . I think it has all the intentions of being glue , even the motivation . But it 's totally no cigar . I 'm not a picky gluer either , I just need a regular strength bond for crafting and light random adhering . Just to let you know what I would be using this for.First , this glue does n't dry . Quite literally . I thought at first that I was just impatient and/or crazy , so I did conducted an experiment , on regular weight plain paper . It 's been 5 days and the glue is still wet . It 's so weird.I know that it 's not just a bad batch - I ordered two of these , and they both do this.Also , if you 're a crafter , keep in mind that this is tinted orange . I suppose I 've never seen it totally dry , but the dryer it gets the more orange and opaque it becomes , so if you decide to purchase this , keep in mind that it 's not invisible . And the pen end of it is huge ! Like the regular school grade white paste tip is tinier than this by far , so do n't expect to be able to use a small amount on a small area.Anyway , Elmer 's totally let me down with this . I ca n't believe that I 'm reviewing glue but I wish I had read some warnings before buying so much of it ! :-LRB- Maybe other people have or will have better luck with this ...
 Does not dry . Like the other reviewer said . I used a modest amount on some card stock and 2 days later the glue is still tacky . . I think there are better choices out there . This Elmer 's product was far messier and the applicator tip is not easy to apply .
 This item DOES break ! It comes in two pieces , one unbreakable front piece , and one BREAKABLE , hard-plastic back piece . The front piece hangs off of two tiny support hooks on the back piece that appear too weak to handle any kind of weight.While trying to adjust its position , the file came off and fell 3 feet to my hard floor , and BOTH of the support hooks on the back piece promptly broke off , making it impossible to hang the front piece anymore . I had to resort to using double-sided tape to keep the two pieces together.If you have a soft floor , dropping the file should not be an issue . But , with a hard floor , I recommend using double-sided tape to attach the two pieces to lessen the chance of the support hooks breaking if the file falls to the floor .
 It comes in two pieces with the magnet attached to the Back Plate : - and the Magnet dose NOT protrude far enough out to attach to a metal surface ! - and the back plate does NOT attach very well to the front pocket ! - so that when it falls to the floor it all falls apart.Summary
 This phone is very freaky . It will not dial a number every time or it will dial part of a number that is dialed . I was dialing my aunt and got the first number and last two numbers , which happened to be the 911 operator . I was not the only one to have that happen to with this phone . My aunt and mother also had the same thing happen . It was embarrassing to explain to the 911 operator . It frequently says `` Please hang up and dial again '' and it is very frustrating when dialing a long 1-800 number .
 Not very good sound quality . The worst thing about it is you can not dial from the Caller ID or use the redial button . The numbers simply dial too fast -LRB- and it 's not really that fast actually -RRB- and the call never goes through . It always misses a couple of the numbers . This is annoying because you have to look at the caller ID on one phone , and very slowly dial the number on the other phone ! This also does n't work that great if you have fast typing hands . I 've typed in several numbers at what is normal speed for me , and the phone missdials and misses numbers . Would n't recommend this phone to anyone . If you have this phone , 1 number press per second seems to work .
 I purchased one of these as a Christmas gift and it was a lemon . The unit was defective and kept inserting noise into the line . AT&T ; tech support went through the same easy steps as the manual , then told me to return it.Also , the intent was to have two handsets that could be used simultaneously , but this unit DOES NOT do that . You can only use one at a time , a fact that is only made clear in the very fine print in the users manual . The box -LRB- and the product description on Amazon.com -RRB- seem to imply that both handsets can be used at once . You can only transfer calls from one to the other . This may work for you , but my gift recipient wanted to have two people on the line at the same time .
 Lots of features but handset voice pickup creates an echo . Any ambient room sound is picked up by the mike making conversations difficult . Would not recommend this phone .
 I bought these along with the red ones . Half the pens do n't work , and the rest come out very light when I write . I would n't buy these again .
 WORST FAX I EVER OWNED/USED . CUSTOMER SERVICE ERRATIC ... SOMETIMES OK SOMETIMES REFUSED TO TRY TO HELP.EVEN WHEN THEY TRIED ONE OR MORE CANNED `` FIXES '' THEY QUICKLY GAVE UP.NO REPAIR CENTER OR AUTHORIZED SHOP IN TUCSON , AZ. .
 I wanted to replace my very old but still perfectly good Panasonic thermal fax + corded handset with a plain paper cordless model no larger than my old one . This model is actually smaller than my old one , however : * The quality of the faxes is mediocre at best . * The quality of the copies is truly terrible - the lines are uniformly fuzzy on every setting.If I were happy with the fax and copy quality I might be able to live with : * The angle of the display makes it impossible to read it if you are sitting in a chair and the unit is sitting flat on a desk . You either have to stand up or , as I did , shim the back so the front is at an angle and the display is facing you instead of the ceiling . * I have small hands , but the handset feels too small , compared to my Panasonic land-line cordless , and uncomfortable to use , even compared to my not-particularly-tiny cell phone . * The ink film is NOT available anywhere in my state and must be ordered and shipped , adding not only time but 65 % to the cost of the product . Nor have I been able to find a compatible generic , locally or online.On the plus side , the answering machine works as expected.This machine might be OK for someone who does n't use it as a phone , rarely sends or receives faxes , and does n't care about copy quality .
 This fax/answering machine was to solve my problems of needing one land line for both uses . It worked fine in the distinguishing between a fax coming in or a person calling to leave a message . However , the fax quality was so poor that I could hardly make out what was transmitted . very disappointing . I returned the machine for this reason .
 This phone simply is not loud enough . I can hardly hear the other party when I adjust it to maximum volume .
 I bought this item in hopes of replacing my ailing phone/fax unit . The fax part of this item works beautifully but the cordless phone is terrible ! The volume on it is so low as to make it almost useless , and there 's no way to turn it up . Also , if the phone sits out of its cradle for more than 24 hours , whether in use or not , the battery goes completely dead . This item is now just a fax machine and answering machine .
 I would never buy another fax machine from Panasonic.You ca n't get this one to move the paper when it is in fax mode . It holds very little paper and the film runs out very quickly . I 'd take this back to the store if I had not purchased it on line . The is the worst fax machine I have ever purchased . Do n't buy this one . I 'd love to ship it back !!!
 The screen on the cordless phone has n't worked right from day one and the Panasonic people could n't care less !
 I made the mistake of buying a Panasonic fax machine that uses ink film . The images are good and the phone features are OK . But boy do they waste ink film !!!! We live in a lighting prone area and have to unpug often . Every time you turn this unit back on , or make a copy , or print a fax , it simply chows ink film . And , of course , it always seems to run out without warning right when you are about to print a very critical document . Well over half of my last roll was unutilized . Waste , waste , waste . Did Panasonic design this machine to advance film unnecessarily and thus force people to buy their expensvie film rolls more often ? Well , they helped me to advance to another brand . Incidentally , at my office I still have an old thermal Panasonic phone/fax that works great . It was a real quality unit .
 I 've had this product for about 4 months . It looks nice , but that is about the only good thing I can say about it . It advertises as a 6-sheet shredder . Do n't try 6 sheets - it will stop . 3 is more accurate . But half the time , it just puts folds in the paper where the shreds should be . It is not automatic . I have to turn it off and on for every shredding . The strips are fairly wide and easy to piece back together . Our last shredder was an Aurora and lasted for years until it wore out . But this is a small town and there were no other choices other than this present piece of junk .
 Received yesterday . put through one sheet , worked perfect . then put through 2 sheets . jammed . now it will not work at all . lasted all of 3 minutes . DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . It is true to the saying '' you get what you pay for '' . spend a little more for a product that will work . the only good thing I can say about this product is it looks nice .
 I shredded about 10 credit card statements in it before it broke . Waited for it to cool down . Still nothing . Something big inside the machine is rattling . I suspect that is not good .
 This is a good shredder but do n't expect much from it . I been using this for a year now , and it gets jammed and overheats quite often . You get what you pay for . Keep shopping around for a better shredder , though its cheap in the long run a better one will save you money .
 The strips are cut too wide on this shredder . It works fine for the money but you get what you pay for .
 It keeps jamming even with just one page of newprint . Over heats then quits . Impossible to clean the blades , you ca n't get at them . A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!
 This product is cheap for a reason . It jams frequently and is a pain to fix .
 This thing is the biggest piece of junk ever . We 've had nothing but problems with it since the day we got it . Will jam up comstantly and then will quit working for no reason . The last time I used it it was fine , went to use it again after a couple of months and now it wo n't turn on at all . I 've looked for jams and there is n't anything in it . Total junk . Wish I still had the box & paperwork but alas I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 If you want something that actually obscures information , do n't bother with this . It basically cuts paper into 1/4 inch strips , and obviously that can easily be pieced back together . Go for a shredder that tears up the strips as it 's cutting them . This is too expensive for what it does ... on the bright side , it is about the right size that a standard grocery bag can be used to catch waste in the basket .
 The Aurora AS618SB jams , runs continuously , and burns out within a few minutes . The worst feature
 It only takes 6 sheets at a time -LRB- which is pushing it -RRB- and it just cuts into strips -LRB- not small pieces -RRB- . Even just putting 1 sheet in at a time it tends to go crooked and jam .
 Worst shredder I have ever owned . Does not cut the paper very well . Jams up easily . Ca n't get the motor to stop running on automatic . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this .
 I have to say the shredder is not a right one for me . It sucks all the time . And it smells badly after using for a while . Totally unhappy . What I can say ? It is a cheap one , so you may not expect too much !
 I purchased this item as I had Aurora 6 sheet shredder before for 3 years and I was satisfied with its performance over these years . The Aurora changed the design of this shredder to the point that it actually does not perform . After couple of sheets of regular paper the shredder jammed and it took me half an hour to remove pieces of paper from it . Then it happen again in the next 10 minutes , so I cleaned it again , spending another halp an hour or so . When it jammed for the 3rd time , I decided-that is it ... and returned it back.I found it to be of very poor quality
 This is a horrible product . It works fine for the first 5-10 sheets ... then it just starts jamming left and right . I spend more time trying to get chunks of paper out than I do actually shredding . It claims it can handle 6 sheets ... this is NOT true . Maybe 2 sheets , but no way it can handle 6 . Do not waste your money , but something different .
 The WWS 800 CCD scanner is much cheaper than the WWS 850 laser scanner - but I found that it was inferior in all ways . Unless there was perfect lighting and a perfect barcode , the 800 could n't decode the scan . The 850 is much more expensive but can read barcodes in any light and with many flaws .
 This piece of crap ai n't worth a dime , let alone 13 bucks . The mirror I received had a dent in it , making everything appear warped . It was packed in a box that you just know has been sitting on a shelf in some warehouse for years . The craftsmanship -LRB- and that 's being bold using THAT word here ... -RRB- is shoddy . You can practically smell the tears of the slave laborer that pieced this POS together before being given his bowl of gruel.Do yourself a favor and just get a nice `` monitor '' mirror next time . FAIL .
 This is a cheap product . It does what it says it does , but you can tell it 's not made of the best materials . The clock is still working but the mirror -LRB- not glass ... reflective plastic -RRB- keeps falling out . I guess the adhesive they used is n't strong enough . It 's happened four times so far in as many months . Weird , it 's really not hanging on much of an incline . Ehh , the title of this review tells you everything you need to know about this product .
 The mirror on this clock is terrible . It 's exactly like looking into one of those mirrors in a fun house at the fair . You are extremely distorted . While the clock works , its a bit tricky to set and the buttons are labeled S/L/M . Seconds / ??? / Minutes Not real sure what the L stands for ; if you push it once you get the date and twice you get the seconds , third time returns you to the actual time .
 I searched for details about the `` clipboards '' advertised . The photo shows 4 , all in the colors I needed , the title says clipboards ... however I received 1 clipboard not the 4 pictured and no details to tell if it is one , two , three , or four clipboards.The title should read as Clipboard ... not clipboards . There was no way to know it was only one clipboard ... maybe even an option to choose a color would have helped . I am very disappointed with this order .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 VTECH T2326 - Problems with 2.4 ghz . This is not good phone if you have a Wireless Router with 2.4 ghz . Check your wireless router and buy this . Best use the Dect6 .0 technology - if you have a wireless router with 2.4 ghz.Instead of 2.4 ghz with lot of interfernce of Wireless equipments -LRB- modems/routers -RRB- - best for DECT6 .0 technology.Vtech-CS6209 - DECT6 .0 technology is good . OR You can go for any brands with DECT6 .0 digital technology.I struggled with this Phone without knowing this is 2.4 ghz and my Wireless Router also 2.4 ghz.Now i got this Vtech-CS6209 - DECT6 .0 - which is good . No interfernce of any modem/routers .
 Do n't buy this item ! Just buy the pens themselves . They are actually cheaper ! DOH ! to Amazon .
 I guess I was looking for it to be a litle larger and heavier ...
 sorry , but I think is not good the envelope because the glue not seal well , I have to get another box with another system to close the envelope , may be the box you send me , whith the envelopes Quality Park # 10 , Rediseal was too old and the glue in bad conditions to seal
 As a speakerphone , the amplifier is not powerful enough to be heard.Max adjustment still requires the person to put his ear right near the phone in arder to hear anything.I would not buy it as a speakerphone .
 Bought it for my Mom who needs big buttons . But it has so weak sound , that it is practically unusable . Thanks for good Amazon return policy , it was returned and fully refunded . Would not recommend this phone .
 I searched high and low for a phone that my grandmother could see the numbers on and received this phone broken . Got it at a ` cheap ' price so it was n't worth the shipping to send it back . Will not by jWIN again .
 Well I do know that at various times , the service just drops calls ... some times worse than others . The phones , however , seem to pick up and amplify sound to the person on the other end ... people are always asking what 's that noise ... and seem annoyed at even the slightest sound . So I think the main problem is the phone . We 've had ours just about 2 years and now we are replacing the batteries because they 've lost their ability to stay charged ... we 'll see if that helps any other problems ???? Sometimes I feel like the cell phone commericals '' ... can you hear me now ? ''
 Yes folks , Vonage is a monster waiting to eat you . I had this phone set.First , the set itself is not bad at all . They work great . They have a bit of a short range and you ca n't cook or even go in the kitchen while talking cause the appliances cause drastic interference.The biggest problem is that it took two phone calls , two hours , and a lot of yelling for me to be able buy , yes buy , these phones from Vonage.Apparently , Vonage hires idiots who ca n't add one plus one to work there . I had JUST gotten my first package from Vonage and found that the phones I had sent to me just were not going to work in my situation . So I called customer `` no-service '' to tell them that I wanted to send those phones back in and BUY these phones . You would think that was simple enough but , oh no . They kept telling me I would have to buy a NEW phone service , or add a new line , or that I just was not allowed.Well , finally I got someone who spoke English and graduated elementary school on the phone and they fixed me up.The phones were just right with some limitations.Fast forward to a year later . I was moving to an apartment were I would NOT have cable internet . They simply did not offer it . Was going to be faced with good ole DSL . Of course that meant I had to have a land line.So I called up Vonage to schedule termination of my service . Sounds simple ??? Not to them.Call 1 - After a long discussion with the call rep about why I was canceling and how I should n't cancel and how I should keep this service and pay for TWO home phones and how I should get a friend to take over this phone account instead of canceling
 I purchased this phone several -LRB- 5-6 -RRB- months ago . The appearance is very similar to my previous VTech phone . I was interested in the phone because I thought it would be a good fit with my Vonage service . What I 've found is that this phone is inferior in many ways to the VTech phone I purchased 5 years ago . There is no message light on the phones themselves . Yes , there is a blinking light on the base unit and `` message waiting '' text appears in the display on the phones , but this is MUCH less visable than having a blinking light on the actual phones -LRB- like my old VTech phones -RRB- . Also , the display on the phones lacks information like the time of day and remaining battery charge . I do n't understand why VTech removed useful features - I assumed a new phone would have new technological features and instead it is a big step backwards . I am very disappointed I purchased this phone .
 Buyers beware ! I have never written or posted a consumer rating in my life . I am so disappointed with Vonage 's overall customer service ; I feel that I have no choice but to warn others.Vonage in its own words does not guarantee the quality of its service . Vonage customers will experience
 These phones suck ! I 'm on my second set and have yet to be able to get it to connect . It just sits on yellow . Apparently this is a common problem . If you are one of the lucky few who actually got them to work , yeah for you.The problem is with the software used in the phones . They should have gone with a simple sip config such as what 's used on linksys units , but no . Vonage has no clue how to fix it , you get nothing from VTech and even the computer geeks in the forums are at a loss . They all say the same thing the software in the phones suck!Save yourself time , money and aggravation and get the linksys product .
 The description of the product was deceiving . The photo showed a router and 2 handsets . The description talked about the router and both handsets . All I received was 1 handset .
 I 've had vonage for a couple of years and it works great ! I live in a suburban area with great utility wiring and maintenance and we have Comcast - this makes a difference in how well Vonage works . In our old house Comcast took over from Jones cable and we had more problems until Comcast invested in replacing old Jones wiring and equipment since then it has worked great.VTech Broadband Phone - When we moved I thought I would just get this instead of altering the phone lines to use our linksis router - big mistake ! This turkey did not even cluck . Vonage customer service did their best but nothing ever happened.I returned this , had vonage register my phone with my old device again got a friend to set up the phone lines to work for us and have been happy ever since.If it is supposed to be easy to set up and use then a company should ensure that is the case before they send out a product marketed as easy that actually requires a membership card to the techie club to figure out .
 I ' v had this phone for about 3 weeks now , and if you talk on it for more than 15 minuts , it just stops working . I have been cut off from 2 important phone calls so far . I am packing this thing up and taking it back immediately !
 Chair is not sturdy , put it together it went up and down once then jammed could not get it to move . It is wobbly when you put your feet on the rails . Went to return it , no return label provided and they charge you a restocking fee .
 these are not as fine pointed as similar pens by papermate , and they are globbier . they are cheaper but the papermate version are n't exactly expensive . i would n't buy them again . if you like fine point pens because of the sharper , drier feel , then these do n't quite cut it . if you are splitting a box with someone who hates the hard feel of fine point but you do n't like the muddy feel of medium point , then these are a good in-between .
 Not a fan of how this pen writes . The pen feels comfortable while writing , but just does n't write to my expectations .
 Very difficult to position the phone to hear properly otherwise it is OK . Have had trouble with Second unit hearing that is .
 This changer is serviceable , but poorly made -LRB- sloppy joints and gaps -RRB- . It is heavy even not loaded with coins , and I would not look forward to having it hanging off my belt all day . Also , it is not useable in any configuration except hanging off one 's belt -LRB- it will not stand on its own on a flat surface -RRB- .
 I bought this item brand new for work but when i got it ... it looked used already and the edges curl up and are sharp . All in all i needed it so i still use it but it was rusty and used looking when i got it ! I work in a casino and i leave it in my apron overnight and im not in the food and beverage department so i dont know where the rust came from .
 This Coin changer was purchased to use at a yard sale , and is adequate for that , but I considered returning it because the metal is corroded , not shiny and does not have the plastic guard piece to protect from gouging anything you walk by . The function is OK , but the box was mangled , leading me to believe I was sold a very used item posted as new .
 I 've heard such great things about Duck tape and the Duck dispensers . So when my trusty tape dispenser broke , I decided to give it a try . First of all the little metal thing that holds the tape in place is too narrow . It is also too loose . More often than not , when I slice the tape , it just slides all the way off and I then have to peel it off the roll . If I do n't use it for a few days , the tape adheres so tightly to the little metal thing that I have to peel it off by hand -- ca n't make it slide . So , this was a disappointment and I would n't recommend it if you want ease of use . Next time I 'm in the hardware store or Costco , I 'll be replacing it with something of more industrial strength .
 I bought this on its dimensions only to find that the thickness includes the magnet . A typical Mercedes key FOB will NOT fit in this .
 I do n't get it why is this tape so expensive.I do n't get it why is this tape so expensive .
 I 've always been a Scotch packing tape girl . I 've gone thru rolls and rolls of the stuff , but my local store had this on sale yesterday so I decided to go for it . Mistake . The tape has a very strong chemical glue smell that Scotch simply does not have . The Duck tape is also much thinner than Scotch and tends to fold back in on itself . Not only will I not buy this product again , but I will likely throw the remainder of this roll away .
 The review of this product sounded great so I thought that I would give it a try ... IT 'S HORRIBLE ! The tape keeps falling back on the roll so you spend half your time try to find where the tape was cut off and then trying to get it started again . I should have ordered Scotch brand .
 This has 1/2 the tape of 3m/scotch available at sams club . I mean VERY LITTLE tape actually exists on this dispenser
 Stuff kept coming off boxes . Regret using this vs my normal Scotch version.Cant stray from 3m it seems when it comes to clear packaging tape
 I bought two of these based on price and looks . Minimal assembly , nice to look at but bad for sitting on . The bolts holding the chair to the base poke through the platform and you can feel them while you sit . They even make indentations in the leather seat . I ended up needing to put a pillow on the seat to tolerate it . My twelve year old uses the other chair and the same is happening for him .
 I was in need of a new desk chair and one that did n't have arms so it could slide under the desk perfectly . After reading up on the reviews , I decided to purchase this one . It arrived at my house in a timely fashion and I started to assemble it this past weekend . However , I ran into a major issue ! One of the screws I needed to loosen seemed to be glued into the chair . I tried everything I could with my handy dandy tools but no luck . In the end , my dad took it to his car mechanic who managed to unscrew it and also gave me brand new screws so I would n't have to deal with a stubborn one.A simple assembly process turned out to be a nightmare !
 I have to say this was a waste of money , it cuts paper as if you do it with a ruler .
 I am surprised people like this awful paper cutter ! It cuts paper just like as if you were to fold the paper and tear it , leaves a jagged edge . Do n't buy this , spend the extra $ 5 or less and get a Fiskars one . Their trimmers are better quality and give a nice clean cut . It works , cuts paper , but you do not want to use it for a project were the cut edge will show . If you just want to cut 12x12 in half to use with your cricut then it would work .
 I wasnt very happy with this . It was pretty flimsy . I would reccomend spending a luttle more and getting one from Creative Memories .
 Unfortunately , this is the only paper cutter I own.I actually own two because at one point the replacement blades were more expensive than to buy the whole thing again.I do a lot of scrap booking and card making and this blade becomes dull very quickly.My card stock is very thick and sometimes this leaves * not so nice looking * edges on my paper.I DO like the fact that my paper always comes out even and straight.I DO like the ruler that comes out of the side.I DO like the fact that the blade is easy to change and the main ruler opens very easily.I use a lot of home made paper and it cuts very nicely on MOST of them.I need something a little sharper and more reliable because some of my papers cost $ 7.50 + a sheet.If anyone has any good recommendations please let me know !!
 You have to snap the plastic bar down every time you want to cut something . It slows you down . Not very efficient .
 This trimmer does not work the way they say . It does n't cut the paper very smooth at all and if the paper is very thick , good luck getting it to cut at all . The blade is a tiny speck of metal . There is a fold out ruler ... do n't even think about using it , it is so wonky you could n't get a straight , square cut if your life depended on it . I 'm extremely disappointed and wish I had never bought it . A very poorly made product ! I expected better of Cricut !!! On the plus side it comes with a free scoring blade ... which works great .
 I like the fact that I can cut things quickly . This is okay , but , if you do n't hold down the cutter bar , your paper slides leaving an un-even cut ; this is frustrating even for my children !
 junk , do n't waste your money on this one . does n't cut a single sheet of photo paper . Poor design , flimsy crap -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- . Zero stars
 We decided to buy this laminator after lots of research on various brands . This unit has some nice features such as it opens for cleaning , has an auto reverse de-jamming feature , has 4 rollers and also has the adjustable temperature settings . Some reviewers talked about this being a good laminator for heavier card stock and pouches , which we laminate mostly 110 card stock in 5 mil pouches . As far as our usage , we run 50-100 covers at a time on an average of every 4-6 weeks or so . So , we decided to give the Fellowes Jupiter JL125 a try.The first one arrived and was awful . First off , there was a rattle like something was broken off inside the unit . Secondly , using the 110 card stock with 5 mil pouches , they kept coming out the exit chute wavy , warped and the ends were curled upward . I tried turning the temperature down which made no difference . I then tried standing directly over the laminator and used my fingers to gently `` walk '' the sheet along through the exit chute and then immediately pulling it out once it felt like the rollers had let the sheet go . That solved the curling at the ends but not the warping and waviness throughout the card stock . So , I called Fellowes . They thought the unit sustained shipping damage and had us send it back to Amazon , who was phenomenal by issuing us a return shipping tag and immediately sending us anther one via 2nd day shipping . The second one arrived without any inside rattle and the unit was as quiet as can be . We set it up , turned it on and low and behold ... all the same problems as listed above with the first unit ! Still wavy , warped card stock . Tried all the usual stuff with adjusting temperature , babysitting the card stock through the machine and exit chute , all of which ended up with the same results as before . Spent yet more time on the phone with Fellowes and their suggestions did not resolve the problems.So , we sent it back and now own a GBC H212 and are SO happy with it and between the sale price along with rebate , it cost 1/3 the price of the Jupiter . So , off to post a positive review on the GBC H212 !! Also a side note for those with sensitivities . Both Jupiter units were very pungent and will require consistent usage at hot temperatures over a period of time to sufficiently offgass . In other words when the units are heated up for use , they emit a very strong noxious smell that will take time to go away .
 I own this laminator , and it 's nothing but junk ! Puts consistent curled laminations.This is the second one as I sent the first back and got a replacement.Their customer service did not believe me and would not refund my money ! I bought another brand and it works much better than the Fellows .
 I bought the multicolored package of pens . Visibility is more like invisibility . Not one of the worked , not even for a second . : -LRB-
 Very disappointed that this file cart could not accommodate LEGAL SIZE folders as well . Had to send it back .
 2 stars for a well constructed item . Unfortunately , I did not pay enough attention to past reviews . While the Wicker File Cart is well constructed and up to holding a fair amount of weight , it gets low points for having drawers that fall out when opened . Luckily for me , I have sewing in the cart . I put fabric in the top that does n't weigh enough to propel the drawer open too fast . I have loose supplies in the bottom so when the drawer hits the floor , it has n't fallen far enough to spill . Ca n't imagine why this flaw was n't caught before production . Also , the wicker has a red tone that does n't show up in the picture . I made this work for me because it is the right size for my needs . If you want this for files , give it some thought .
 this left grease stains that soaked through to the front side of all of my posters . now they are ruined . those greasy spots are discolored too -- it made the paper look yellowed .
 This mounting putty did the trick , but is a little harder to remove than another brand I have tried . It held up all of my Christmas cards very well , but when it was time to take them down the blue goo was a little too tacky for my liking .
 Putty is ok but not as good as a product called `` BLU TAK '' not available in USA . This `` Putty '' is a little more STICKY . However it does do the job .
 My son and his roommate thought this would be good to put up in the apartment instead of nails.This stuff sticks to everything wall and posters.Removing it is like removing old chewing gum.You have to scrap so much that you have to patch the drywall when done.Not a good product unless you like to scrap and repaint when your done.Hope this saves you time do n't buy this has to be a better product some where .
 This putty is as good as any other I 've tried . Unfortunately , I have yet to find ANY poster putty that does n't leave a gross greasy mark on posters . It 's `` greasiness '' literally oozes through the front of the posters leaving VERY VISABLE & PERMANENT splotches that look like chewing gum has been left on it . EWWWW!Although it does n't damage the walls ... USUALLY ... it DOES leave a greasy stain where it was on the wall on matte finish paint THAT WO N'T COME OFF -LRB- never , ever , EVER !!! -RRB- . My advice , use the blue `` paint safe '' wall tape -LRB- used for painting -RRB- on the back of posters to avoid marks on matte painted walls.Use the poster putty on those cheap posters that kids want to change out after 5 months when `` so and so '' celebrity/movie is n't `` cool '' anymore .
 it doesnt hold posters up for more than a few hours and it ruins the paint on the wall and the poster.you might as well stick up your posters with bubble gum . never again .
 Simply put Moab paper is not manufactured consistently . The quality can vary wildly and the people that run the company wo n't own up to that fact . If you get a good batch of paper the quality is excellent for the price point . However , I have printed on quite a bit of Kayenta and Entrada that exhibits many and varied surface defects . Coating that flakes off ; faint surface abrasion that is n't noticeable until you print an image with a lot of ink density -LRB- read skid marks in the shadows -RRB- and loads of dust in some rolls that can make a general mess of your printer and your prints -LRB- invariably the dust blocks ink making it to the surface of the paper and when if finally moves you are left with a white spot -RRB- . Hahnem&uuml;hle paper is more expensive but by the time you get done pitching all the screwed up prints you end up with when using Moab products I 'd say the cost is the same -LRB- especially if you count your time and frustration -RRB- . Having worked in a darkroom for years I expect my inkjet paper to be as reliable as my photo paper . Not so with Moab . For a budget proofing paper try the Illuminata available through Inkjet Art and the papers available through Red River . Both brands are head and shoulders above Moab with regard to quality control .
 This pointer works , but only for PowerPoint . I naively assumed that if you could use it to go back/forward on PowerPoint , you could also use it for a iPhoto slideshow or some other application . Not so . You ca n't set it up to do anything other than send pageUp/pageDown , and alt-tab .
 Did not work right out of the box . Followed the directions to reset and it still did not work . Button on side is too small . I returned it to Amazon .
 This presenter will advance and go back in a powerpoint presentation , but it will NOT allow you to move the curser and click on a hot link or button on a powerpoint slide .
 I used this for a presentation at a church . The range on this was horrible . I had to stand halfway up the pews just to get it to respond to the click to advance a slide . Do n't waste your money . Luckily it was cheap . Definitely gon na buy a much better one in the future .
 The buttons make a very loud clicking sound when pressed , quite distracting . Laser is weak . It does move the presentation foward and backward.Spend a few more dollars and get a better presenter .
 Does this presenter have silent buttons ?? I am videotaping presentations , and the video picks up the clicking sound of the buttons on the presenter I have . Anyone know if this - or another - presenter has silent buttons ??
 This is a piece of junk . I gave it one star because there was no choice of no stars . It is not like its description or the picture in the ad . The USB receiver is about the size of your thumb nail and if you drop it in a poorly lit room , forget it , you 'll never find it . The plastic backing -LRB- which has to be opened every time you use the receiver -RRB- is difficult to move and I guess it would be broken within a week of use . The devise itself is very small and therefore it may be difficult to find the correct button without looking down at it . I showed it to several of my colleagues -LRB- college professors who use wireless presenter -RRB- and they thought it was a toy ! I returned it and bought a better one which cost a bit more but I love it -LRB- Logitec -RRB- . Trust me ... DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.College Professor
 This pointer does work , as long as it is intact . It has a small on/off switch on the left side , storage for the USB receiver inside , and is a nice small fit for the hand . The buttons are nice and `` crunchy '' . However , it can not take even one impact with the typical classroom tile floor . It flies apart , and the toggle for the switch has to be refitted just right into the top and bottom of the case , or it will not click back into place so that it is functional . This happened with the first one I purchased , and I exchanged it for another . The same thing happened to the second one . In both cases , I had dropped the thing only one time . I would not buy it again .
 I only had the opportunity to use my remote for about 30 classes . The on/off switch started sticking and finally broke off . Now it is stuck off with no switch . I might try sodering it on .
 This is a prime example of you get what you pay for . I had this for about a year and used it maybe a dozen times . Plugged it into the laptop one day and put a fresh battery in the handheld and nothing , changed batteries , still nothing . The unit it totally dead . If you do n't mind throwing away $ 30 every few months then go for it .
 It is great to have only ONE thing to hold while doing a presentation . It is really responsive as a remote -LRB- to change your slides -RRB- . Somehow it even works when you are standing in front of the USB or it is behind you . Miraculous . HOWEVER it only gets 1 star since it might as well not have a laser pointer . The red dot is SO SMALL you can barely see it and it is really weak that it only appears on really dark backgrounds under low lighting conditions . TOO BAD ! Even though it is cheap and works , I have to buy a new one it is so bad . Save yourself the $ < 30 and get a nicer one . Targus customer service can be hard to deal with as well .
 This does n't work with Vista Ultimate . When I called customer support she said none of their presenters work with Ultimate .
 As a remote controller , it worked well and reach was not an issue for me . However , I found the laser beam to be extremely weak -LRB- hard to see and hard to find from a distance -RRB- and regretted not buying a different , higher end , product .
 Once I got this device to turn on , it worked really well . Range was great , the laser is bright enough . It 's easy to get to the batteries . The control buttons are intuitive enough that I never have to look at the presenter to know what I 'm doing . Although if you try to do two things at once with your presentation hand , you can easily hit a wrong button.The main problem is getting the device to turn on . I struggled twice for over 10 minutes not knowing if it would ever activate . When it did activate , I could n't determine what got it to work all of a sudden .
 I was very excited to receive this product and I was anxious to use it.It did not work out of the box -LRB- It is not `` plug and play '' as they advertize -RRB- . I followed instructions to resynchronize , I changed batteries , I tried it on 3 different computers and it did not work at all . It 's a piece of junk , if you ask me . I 'm returning it . Looks and feels cheap too . I wo n't buy another Targus product .
 I used this product successfully , then one day I left behind the USB receiver . When I went back , it was gone . So I called Targus tech support to order another one -- in fact I decided to order several in case I lost another one . What was the response ? `` I 'm sorry , that part is not available separately . `` Can you believe that ? They decided that if you lose this part they 'll gouge you by making you buy another presenter ! That 's when I decided that this was not the sort of company whose products I wanted to consider.I bought a Logitech presenter , and again -LRB- yes , I 'm absent-minded -RRB- left the receiver behind , and called tech support to buy another one . The result ? They sent me a new receiver AT NO COST ! After my experience with Targus , I 'd have been grateful if I could buy a couple of them.I now take two Logitech presenters with me for a big presentation , just in case one does n't work -LRB- although that has n't happened -RRB- . And I tell lots of people about the sharp difference between the Logitech experience and the Targus experience .
 I am very disappointed at the product and service from Adorama customer service . Firstly , the seller sent me the presenter different from the type i ordered at Amazon . Since i am urgently use the presenter so i did n't return it . Then the presenter 's ON/OFF switch fell off after just a couple of weeks , without any misuse.Adorama rejected to replace new one for me and the only reason is that the order has been past 14 days . The seller simply asked me to directly contact targus for the quality issue.At the end , Amazon received my claim and gave me full refund . I really appreciate Amazon 's services while I will never buy products from Adorama.The presenter is easy to use but i am not sure if i am the only unlucky person to get a bad product .
 The slide advancement features worked fine , but the laser was weak -LRB- to say the least -RRB- . I had to use a laser pen in addition because the laser could n't be seen even at close range.Save up a few more dollars and get a better one with a green laser , unless all you need to do is advance the slides.Mine has been replaced .
 Item was not how it appeared in the photo on amazon . The small chip that you insert into the USB to power the remote is difficult to remove , and it 's easy to lose . This model is extremely cumbersome and I am disappointed that it 's not the model that appeared on the Amazon image . If I had known what it looked like and was aware of its features and buttons , I would never have purchased this model . I am very dissatisfied with this purchase .
 I have purchased two Laser Presentation Remotes from Targus and they have both stopped working after a time and without warning . The product is great as long as it works . When you are doing presentations , you need dependability and this is not it .
 This product has failed us on two presentations . Performance is intermittent . The buttons have a cheap feel and the plastic flimsy . Would definitely return if I could find the packaging .
 I ordered this from Amazon . It did n't work at all - figured I got a defective one and returned it for a replacement . The second one was so cheaply made -LRB- $ 26 -RRB- that the battery cover would n't even open . Once I finally was able to open it , it would n't slide closed . This one seemed like it was loading software to my PC but again , nothing happened . I am terribly disappointed as I have had these before , they never last more than a year but this was and continues to be a total waste of my time . I had to return the second one and still do n't have a wireless presenter !
 The old clich&eacute; you get what you pay for is true in this case . I ordered one , did n't work -LRB- laser pointer -RRB- , returned to Amazon , got another one and it would n't work either -LRB- advance nor backup -RRB- the slides . Returned it and ordered the Logitech presenter .
 Very frustrating . I do n't know if it was due to my Vista operating system or ???? Kept switching to a blank screen by itself , even when I put it down ! I did not have this problem with other remote wireless presenters ; very distracting and irritating !
 I hate to give a one-star review , but I 'm not able to comment much on the product because both I have received did not work . The laser pointer on the first one worked , and the device worked partially on only one out of four computers . It would only flip through slides backwards and slowly at that.The second device did not work at all . The laser pointer did not even work on this one , even after checking to make sure that the batteries were installed properly.Credit to Amazon 's returns department . I had ordered the Targus pointer to give a presentation at professional meetings , and when the first one did not work , I assumed I would have to do without because a replacement would never arrive in time . I was pleasantly surprised when the second one arrived in about 48-72 hours , even though it did not work either .
 Bought two of them at the same time for use in seminars -- units -LRB- both -RRB- failed to work . Returned both to Amazon . Will try another brand -- do n't waste your $ .
 It lasted 4 presentations . Low quality or too fragile ? We 'll never know but the bottom line is the same
 OK I BOUGHT THE PHONE FOR A REASON TO USE IT AS A HOUSE PHONE WITH SKYPE I HAVE AND XP AND A VISTA FIRST I CONNECT IT WITH VISTA AND IT DID NOT WORK FOR SHRIMP NOT EVEN AFTER I DOWNLOADED THE LATEST DRIVER FOR VISTA OK SO THEN I WENT WITH MY XP AND IT WORKED PERFECTLY WITH NO PROBLEMS UNTIL 2 AND HALF WEEKS LATER THE PHONE STARTED SAYING PHONE NOT REGISTERED SO I TRY TO CONNECT IT AND IT SAYS SEARCHING FOR BASE FAIL AND IM STILL WITH NO PHONESO I RECOMMEND YOU NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE AND IF YOU BUY ONE THEN GOOD LUCK WITH IT . BUT FOR ME I 'M DONE PHILLIPS NEVER BEEN SO DISAPPOINTED ... : -LRB- HOPE THIS HELPS
 edit
 DO NOT PURCHASE SKYPE COMPATIBLE PHONES ANYMORE . THE RECENT CHANGES MADE BY SKYPE MAKE THEM IMPOSSIBLE TO OPERATE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESPONSE I GOT FROM THEM BECAUSE MY 150,00 EURO PHONE IS NOW OBSOLETE
 I have owned the Phillips VOIP 321 for a couple of years now . The volume is low , but marginally useable . The range is short - about 20 feet -LRB- 7m -RRB- . Biggest problem is there is NO update available for newer versions of Skype ... so it became a worthless piece of junk / garbage shortly after I bought it . I can only use it as a landline / house phone . Phillips has a new similar phone for several hundred dollars . Do you think I will try them again ? Not .
 Until they have fixed the `` unable to dial SkypeOut numbers from the handset '' problem , and resolved the `` disables my laptop speakers unless I uninstall the phone '' problem.Like another reviewer said -- the phone is very elegant , feels great , and is of superior quality in many respects . However , it is not possible to dial a number directly on the handset . You have to dial a number from the PC , then save that number in your Skype contacts , and only THEN are you able to dial through SkypeOut . It is a real pain in the neck .
 I initially bought the Philips VOIP 321 -LRB- VOIP3211G/37 -RRB- . After fighting the Philips drivers/software for several hours I returned it and bought the DualPhone RTX3055 instead . Within five minutes the DualPhone was up and working exactly as expected . I did n't encounter any of the difficulties I had encountered with the Philips.Once Philips solves their driver/software issues their phone will probably be a great product . Until that time I strongly recommend the DualPhone over the Philips . It does n't look as snazzy as the Philips , but works far better . The sound quality is even clearer than the Philips .
 All I want to do is a simple SkypeOut call by dialing the number myself - i.e. WITHOUT going through my Skype contacts . I 've spent HOURS trying to get it to do this . The review above says you need to prefix the number with the + sign by holding down 0 . I 've tried this several times - e.g. +1 2223334444 - but it still inists on trying to dial a call via landline.Also , I 'm getting intermittent problems with my broadband connection since installing the driver for the phone . It just cuts out without warning and the only way to get it back online is to disable and then re-enable the connection in the Network Connections window . I NEVER used to get this problem before installing the driver for this phone.I 'm on the way back to the store to ask for my money back .
 As said before , this has little value if you can NOT dial a number via skype not in your skype contacts . You have to dial a number from the PC , then save that number in your Skype contacts , and only THEN are you able to dial through SkypeOut . It is more than a real pain in the neck , it makes this product unusable .
 My wife uses Skype alot , as her family is in Europe , and she lives here . She does not like being attached to the computer all the time , so this seemed like a great idea . This phone had several problems however.This phone NEEDS to be connected via USB to work . It may say that in the description , but I did not see it . I thought the little box it came with would connect it to the ethernet . This statement from the description must have confused me `` you can see who is on-line without going to the PC . '' Do n't believe them , this phone needs the computer.The second problem is that it totally messes up ALL sound . Call quality is good , but nothing else works . If you try to watch youtube or something it only comes through the phone , and then only if you have an active call . Unplugging the phone does not help - you need to unplug the phone from the computer then restart . To use the phone again plug it in the restart . I was just now looking at another review that said how to fix this , but it seems like a pain , and is not in the instructions.Third , alot of people said that it is difficult to direct dial , but this is not true . I wo n't go into it as others have , but it does work great at making and recieving calls.Fourth , the Skype interface is slow . Other Skype phones are easier to use and faster with Skype.Bottom line - this phone feels nice , and works ok at what it is supposed to do , but it is cumbersome to use and documentation is poor . If you have a desktop , and want to take the time to go figure everything out it would be ok . I recomend going with a WIFI phone if you have wireless internet . I bought one after using this for a few days and it works much better , and is much more portable .
 I purchased this phone in summer of 2008 to take advantage of Skype and VOIP while working with people all around the world , unfortunately shortly after I installed the phone , Skype upgraded their software and since then Phillips has n't done a thing to make their drivers work with the latest versions of Skype , so I have to use my webcam microphone and speakers to do calls . Also does n't allow me to use the landline option for POTS calls.would not recommend you buy this phone if you intend to use w. Skype . I 'll probably have to junk mine since it does n't have any functionality without working w. Skype .
 This is a great idea that works terribly , and Phillips is totally unresponsive for help . The two main problems are :1 . If you have a large amount of contacts , including both skype and land lines , it is really difficult to navigate the menu . The letters only go to skype contacts , if you want to call a regular phone , you have scroll all the way through . Not a big deal until you end up with hundreds of numbers .2 . You can not pick up the phone and dail a number through skype . It must be in your contacts already .3 . It is very common for the phone to say `` Contacts unavailable . '' There is no rhyme or reason , it just does . Then some combination of resetting skype or unpluggin the phone , or maybe the USB connection may or may not fix it . As a last resort , you restart the computer . This works 3 out of 4 times . This is really a deal breaker for us , it is a huge hassle to go through this to make a call.All and all , I can not recomend this product for it is very frustrating , and poorly supported . Actually , not at all supported . I have tried contacting Phillips many times and got nothing . I have updtated drives , rolled back drivers , re-installed . Sometimes that helps , but then you just have to do it again to make one , single call .
 I used this phone for a while with my Windows XP machine and loved it . For the money , it did everything it said it would and functioned great as my home phone and skype phone . However , when my computer finally crapped out and I bought a new machine with Vista , I found that this phone is not compatible ... sort of.It 's really a crapshoot whether this phone will work with Vista or not . My guess is there was a chipset revision made at some point or something else changed from one production run of the phone to the next since some users got the phone to work with Vista while others , such as myself , get a `` Code 10 '' error when Vista tries to load the drivers . I did everything possible to get this phone working -LRB- USB hub firmware upgrade , all Vista updates , latest software from Philips , etc. -RRB- , but it just would n't work.Unfortunately , this is a pretty common problem and neither Microsoft or Philips seems to care . Philips online help does n't really help and their customer service really does n't help much either . They chalk it up to Vista problems and tell you to buy a new phone . That 's really not a good solution.So in the end , this phone is now worthless to me since I have Vista . Do n't get this phone if you have Vista . Buy a standalone Skype phone that is n't computer dependent . I 've learned my lesson .
 I returned this phone without even opening the box because it was not the stand alone Skype phone it appeared to be from the product description.I later suggested to amazon.com that they improve the product description , not sure if they did but I admire them for giving customers the chance to bring something to their attention like that !
 This product is supposed to be Vista compatible , but I could not get it to work , and could n't find a solution with Philips or Microsoft . This seems to be a commonly reported problem . So I do n't recommend this for Vista users .
 The phone works well but it has its limitations and there is missing data in the advertise information . For example it says you longer dont need a computer , but to make it work it have to be conected to the USB port and skype running in the computer , so it 's not independent from the computer at all . At the same time it is not compatible with MAC OS , and it does say it.If you want to have your computer on and work with windows its a good phone for the price . Ist simple , no luxury at all but can talk nice .
 Does this phone come with a base station ? I would like to know before I purchase ... if not does anyone know where i can purchase one
 This product is supposed to be Vista compatiable ; it is not . Philips has recently changed their website to say they are evaluating the products compatiability .
 Okay , I really wanted to like this product , but it showed up and only had a USB connection -LRB- no ethernet -RRB- . That 's okay if you constantly have your computer running and never have crashes , but if you do like to turn your computer off or have an unstable operating system -LRB- this thing only runs on Windows after all ; no Macs and no Linux -RRB- then you run the risk of losing calls . Other than that the phone looks great and has very simple features . Probably why it 's cheaper than all the others . Also , it has no ethernet connection . If it at least had that , you could run it straight to a router and forget about the computer . Probably something to think about before you buy this !
 This phone has to be connected to your pc to work and when connected it disables your sound and the drivers for it do not always work with skype software updates . Save yourself the hassle and do a search for the netgear phone that does not need a pc to be connected to skype . You will be happy in the long run . I 'm purchasing a netgear phone Netgear SPH200D Cordless Phone right now.be warned
 At first this product worked well . Purchased one for my father too . Then my handset would no longer connect -LRB- after about 6 months -RRB- . I tried a hard reset and everything the manual said . So I quit using this and just went back to the old headset and computer . My father 's unit did the same thing after about a year or so . Coincidence ?
 I did not get the product for a long time and when called no one to answer the phone.I was able to use it may be a few time online , too much disturbance if you use it for lan line use.Now the skype software doesnt work either , it doesnt detect it and i tried reloading the software but it doesnt workSo not worth the price
 I 've had this phone for over a year now and am ready to throw it out the window ! It goes through spells where it will work fine , other times it will drop calls or not pull up my contact list . Sometimes the problem will be fixed if I restart the computer , other times nothing will work but just giving it time . Also , my additional handset has stopped working completely and says that it 's always searching for the base . Save yourself some money , time and frustation and do n't buy this product !
 Sadly this phone was a huge mistake on my part . I wanted a phone that would enable me to have Skype behave like a traditional telephone service with a standard portable hand held device like a traditional phone line . It installed ok and seemed to run fine until I began using it . I ran a series of tests and it worked fine . Then I get an incoming call via Skype and press the button on the hand held to answer the call . The party on the other end of the phone can hear me but I can not hear them.I called Philips technical support number . I was advised to remove the batteries from the remote and the base unit and if the problem persisted to return it to the vendor from which I bought the phone.BOTTOM LINE
 All of the other gripes aside , I only have ONE.Philips refuses to support the driver.New versions of Skype cause the phone driver to hang.Which means that it will stop working in a couple weeks.Don ' t waste your time or your money .
 Holder is nice , but it is NOT leather as advertised ; not even the cheaper bonded leather . So , if you want a real leather business card holder/book/organizer , keep looking . On another note , my seller was great and refunded my purchase price and all shipping costs because of this .
 The product , put simply , is not worth the price tag . Spend the extra 5-10 .00 and get a planner that is more than a photocopied and collated calendar book .
 The listing I see here is FIVE pens each a different color . Granted the written description says a green pen BUT it is very easy when in a hurry to think this is a listing for FIVE pens and order . I own all these pens and was tempted for a minute or so until it occured to me too many for too little . Ususally what is in the picture is what is for sale . These are good pen . I own all of them and was tempted to buy more if this was all shown . My stars are for the listing not the pens .
 At Fry 's Electronics I bought the GH5850 phone and 3 GH58 additional satellite handsets to wirelessly tether off it . I wound up at Amazon hoping I would find some clue as to how to get the satellite handsets to register with the base phone . I followed the procedure in the handbooks , but the satellite phones did n't recognize the base phone . There was nothing relevant in the troubleshooting section of the handbook . When I went to SWB 's website , the * . pdf version of the handbook was `` temporarily '' unavailable . When I called there product support line , I found that they were not open according to the hours listed in the handbook . I will have to wait 2 days to talk to anyone . I have never found a phone of this type as inexpensively priced . Perhaps I am getting what I paid for ?!?!
 The cartridges arrived open and ink all over the box . I will not order again .
 The company used a very large box and a lot of plastic wrapping for a very small box of fountain pen refills . It was a complete waste to ship the item in this manner when a padded envelope -LRB- or including the item with the other products I ordered from the company -RRB- would have been sufficient . I will never order from this company again . Lesson learned ...
 Did n't bother putting shelf together , so I ca n't comment on the stability or functionality . I wo n't be using it in my home because the color is unappealing and not what it looks like on the website . It has an artificial looking green tint to it . I have no problem with laminate furntiture . Own a lot from Ikea , but this is really low end laminate in my opinion . Maybe the dark brown would look better . Oh , you should also know that the company refused to accept a return of the item unless i paid shipping and restocking fee .
 This product -LRB- Maple -RRB- first turned out a lot darker than I had expected . Aside from that , when putting it together , the boards were so flimsy it had to be reinforced with additional screws . The holes in the boards were also not aligned on some parts . Luckily , I had someone helping me put it together . Since I liked the actual shape of the piece and it was already opened and somewhat pieced together completely , I had to keep it . It looks okay in my bedroom , I just with it was a lot lighter ... and sturdier.I would n't recommend this to anyone ...
 I have been waiting over 6 weeks for this product and still have n't gotten it yet . The company claims it is backordered , but that was never mentioned when I purchased the product and they have cahrged me for it .
 The only good thing about it is its design . All the rest suck pretty much :1 -RRB- The surface of one of the shelves had a damage , which the manufacturer has elegantly hidden by the means of the duct tape -LRB- this side of the shelf has to face the wall now -RRB- .2 -RRB- The parts do not fit exactly as they should .3 -RRB- It smells unpleasantly , especially during the first couple of days.I would return it back , but unfortunately my walls have already been drilled to fit these shelves .
 Nothing Special , disapointed with the distance the phone reaches . You better stay in the same room as the transmitter . After two rooms over , you will get static that makes it almost impossible to use . The answering machine I would rate a 4 , it 's good and simple to use . The Phone a 1 . My 900 HZ , $ 14.99 cordless phone was a lot better then this .
 I have this same phone set along with an extra phone . I bought it in a store and not Amazon . I was on Amazon to buy a new phone and saw this one , so I wanted to post a warning . This is the worst phone ever!I have a small house and the phone has static in everyroom , even if you are beside the set . Do not buy this phone . You can not hear over the static which comes everytime you move your head or walk at all .
 The answering machine recorder is really poor quality . You sound like you are in a barrel with static and your voice is not clear . You sound far , far away . Not so professional for a business answering machine . Features it does n't have that I wish it had is a speaker option and a `` do not disturb '' button . Really loud ring , not sure if you can adjust that .
 I 've had this phone for about 2 years and have found many problems regarding charging . When I first got it , I found that it was wise to recharge the phone every night by keeping it in it 's cradle , or it would not work the next day all day , but it did n't take very long to charge . The sound quality is excellent and it is comfortable to use and press the buttons . The charging problem got progressively worse and worse , so now I 'm looking for another phone for my bedroom . I have this same model for our downstairs phone and have n't had any problems . That one is about 4 years old and I 've had no problems with it at all . I think the Uniden quality on this went down .
 So I bought this phone for my parents and they have an AT&T digital answering machine . With this phone hooked up near it , it caused a loud screeching and whining sound in the answering machine -LRB- recording and playing messages -RRB- . After calling Uniden , their tech support said that this model phone was not compatible with an answering machine . What the problem is -LRB- after some testing -RRB- is that if the power pack -LRB- or the phone power pack combination -RRB- is plugged in near other devices , it causes interference with them . With the phone and answering machine plugged into different ends of the house -LRB- different electrical outlets and different phone jacks -RRB- , everything worked fine . Even when taking a very long phone cord and having the phone line go through the answering machine , but plugged into different electrical outlets , it was fine . When plugged into close electrical outlets , there was interference . The closer the outlets , the more interference . There is no place that mentioned this and tech support at Uniden pointed out the section in the manual that said `` Keep away from other electrical devices . '' They said that means that it ca n't be used with an answering machine . I was very disappointed . If you have no answering machine , and never plan on having one , it worked ok otherwise .
 Difficult to program , terrible display and little small buttons that are hard to read.Voice quality is good , and size is good . But I definitely would n't recommend this phone .
 this program is made for the Mac and not MS Windows 7 . It has never worked as it claims , it gets stuck on install wizard shell.The same has happened with a past purchase , where SpellForce Universe does not validate the product key.This makes me think twice before purchasing any future software from Amazon.com
 The refill is below average and does not work the same way as the original waterman ink . will not recommend
 It worked great for a year a so for the use as suggested . Cleaning was not easy as the other user described . Now some blades have deformed and lots of paper is getting stuck in them . Time to replace it . Will not recommend it - not durable . Company website -LSB- ... -RSB- is not reachable as well : -LRB-
 I LOVE the idea of this device , In fact i REALLY want one . I purchased it at Wal-mart . It was defective , took it back , that one was defective , went thru all the in stock units and they all had the SAME defect . I got refund . Thinking that WAL-Mart online would have a different `` LOT '' number , i ordered it from wal-mart online . I received it yesterday and it also has the same defect.The problem is this
 The IDEA of this phone is great . I am so influenced buy the IDEA that I am waiting for my 3rd replacement . The problem that I was having is that the phone would not recognize the number 4 and 7 . It beeps when you push the buttons but will not actually dial them . If you switch pulse dialing it works for some strange reason . Thomson/GE has no idea why or do they care to fix it . Tried two different dealers but had the same problem . Here are the good and bad of this phone system . GOOD ; works on Dect 6.0 so no interference with my home network . It allows me to have One Touch Dialing -LRB- almost no phones offer that anymore -RRB- . USB support to transfer and store contacts on PC . 2 cell phones at once can be Synced to the base unit for use . Number keys are backlit . Up to 7 handsets can be linked to base . 4 AAA batteries allow for emergency use in power outage and also saves info . It is both desk and wall mountable . Now for the BAD ; So far 2 defective from 2 different dealers . Thomson/GE has virtually no support , just a `` pay to send it back and wait 8 weeks for a replacement '' policy . Says you can transfer new ringtones to unit via USB but they can only be MONOphonic MIDI files -LRB- the really really old style cell phone ringtones -RRB- not POLYphonic which is the most common form . You can only transfer contact info from unit to unit via a PC -LRB- it is very fast though -RRB- . All and all the features out way the more expensive Vetech and AT&T models that use bluetooth technology . I wish I had a working unit to stand behind but I do n't so my advice is to pass on this model and wait for the bugs to be worked out . If I get a working unit I will write another review to keep you informed . If it worked I would give it 4.5 stars but they have n't .
 I would rate this zero stars if Amazon allowed that . So the concept of this phone is great . But I am now on my 3rd defective brand new unit , which is completely ridiculous . These people -LRB- Thomson -RRB- have a serious lemon issue . I 've noticed other reviews where people have gotten repeated defective units . So you are taking your chances big time if you buy this phone . You may be one of the lucky few who gets one that actually works . Or you could spend all your time , and your shipping dollars , returning it over and over and over ... . If you want an idea of what it is like to deal with these people , just try calling the tech support # listed in the manual you get 800448-0329 . There is no way at all to get to a live person . After extensive internet research and calls to GE , who brands the phone , I eventually got another number that I was able to get a live person thru , but they seem to purposefully make this a very difficult task . Even more reason to buy someone else 's product . I am so sorry I ever bought this phone !!!
 This system has an impressive feature list . With two cell phones and a land line , it 's like having a three line phone where you can take advantage of extra cell phone minutes in your plan . Having your cell phones tied into your home phone system means not having to carry your cell phone around all the time or run for it when you hear it ringing across the house . Most of the bluetooth features seemed to work okay . However , I experienced enough bugs to force me to return the system :1 . The LCD display on the base station showed a lot of garbled characters .2 . After being plugged in a couple of days , incoming callers could n't be heard and you 'd have to unplug the base station.There were some other minor annoyances like a bright blue charging light that never went off -LRB- bothersome in your bedroom at night -RRB- and an ear piece volume changing button that makes a really loud tone right in your ear.They need to take this product back through another cycle of quality assurance to get the kinks worked out . I 'm really disappointed that GE released this phone so prematurely . I 'd be willing to try it again , but how will I know when they 've released a new version of the product ?
 Calling out from the cell phone only works from the base station , not the handsets.If anyone were to call the landline and hangup before the answering machine completed the announcement , the phone locks up so the next person who calls can hear you speak but , you ca n't hear them.Thus , everytime I got robocalled or telemarketed , the phone was locked up until I hit the speaker button.The overseas customer support is pointless as after three rounds of `` and if that does n't work ? '' they told me to ship the unit back.Oddly , the trash can was closer.I bought this unit becasue it had a GE label on it , next time I 'll know better .
 I really wanted this phone to work . It has some great features , and when it 's functioning correctly it is a great phone . Unfortunately , as many people here have related it does not seem to have been thoroughly tested . We have the `` I answer and nobody can hear me '' problem . It 's going back in the box and going back to the store . FAIL.Don ' t buy it , it 's not worth your time . If you do buy one , get it from somewhere that will readily take a return . The odds seem pretty high that you will be returning it .
 The display on the base unit malfunctioned after about 3-4 months of light use . I 'm still waiting for cust service to repair/replace the base unit and its been over 2 months , and they claim it will be another 14-21 business days at least.In all the years , we 've had cordless phones by Panasonic , Sony , ATT , and never had a single problem with any of them.The features on this phone are nice . It 's unique with it 's cell phone link , but not worth the trouble in my opinion.Reliability is just not that good , given the competition . Not recommended -LRB- unless you 're lucky enough to get a reliable one -RRB- .
 I bought this phone from another supplier and it intermittently would lose connectivity between the handsets and base . The phone would have no dial tone but the phone would ring . Upon answering the phone I could not hear callers although they could hear me . GE telephone support -LRB- the number comes on the handset -RRB- recommended to unplug the phone then remove the batteries from the handsets for 10 minutes and then repower the base unit and plug the handset batteries back in . Amazingly this worked for about a day . I exchanged this phone and the replacement was identical in behavior . Having the AA back up batteries in the base unit did not affect this behavior from what I could tell . I am now searching for a new home phone after returning the second unit .
 Do not buy this product . It is riddled with problems . When it would ring we were unable to answer the phone , when you pushed talk it would cut off the caller . Additionally the base would keep resetting itself and we would loose everything . If you research this product online you will see many problems with this phone and apparently ge is no longer manufacturing phones.I returned this phone -LRB- the amazon seller was teriffic about it -RRB- and bought a DECT phone from Vtech . It works great and have not had one single problem . A great solution if you do n't want to be running for multiple phones through your home .
 If you like repeatedly having callers unable to hear your voice , this is the phone for you . I bought this phone and it consistently drops your voice on both outgoing and incoming calls . This can be fixed , sometimes , by unplugging the phone for several minutes and plugging it back in -LRB- after losing all of your settings , etc. , etc. -RRB- . I returned it to GE , they sent me a new one -LRB- after FOUR months -RRB- , and the new phone does the same thing.Very disappointing - especially because when it does work , the Bluetooth connectivity is great and the sound clarity is good . Nice extra features like room-to-room intercom , push-to-talk , and room monitoring . This product has potential , but it was poorly executed .
 Purchased a 28128EE2 and a 28101EE1 in Sep 2007 . With in 3 months these products had failed . Contacted ThomsonGE many times until RMA was allowed in March 2008 . It took until June 2008 to get the product replaced . They told me that only the improved and new version was available the 28129EF2 . I agreed . The new product worked well but the additional handset finally arrived in July but it was a 28101EE1 which only worked with the original system . I called to explain that the phone which worked with the 28129EF2 was the 28101EF1 not the 28101EE1 . They told me I was incorrect and sent me another 28101EE1 which again would not work . It is Sep 14 2008 and the issue still has not been resolved . MThompson , MD
 I bought this phone with two extra bases -LRB- total of four handsets -RRB- back in Dec 2007 . At this point , two of four handset speakerphones have failed . I 've had to move the handsets around so I have the speakerphones in the right place . When the speaker fails , then there is no ringing from the handset with the failed speaker.My base also has an issue - although it has four fresh batteries , it indicates `` No Battery '' and does n't retain settings when it loses power.Overall - it 's a nice concept - we used the cell fusion quite a bit early on , but not now -LRB- my wife and I both have Google Voice numbers , which is a good substitute -RRB- . But , the reliability of the phone is very substandard . My recommendation is do not buy , but look for a more reliable , better-built phone.Here 's an update on Dec 7 , 2010
 Linked with my cell phone fine , quality was good . One handset worked fine the other was DOA . Called customer service three times and was told to do the same thing each time , did n't fix it . Finally had to send it back to Thompson -LRB- GE -RRB- . Now they tell me it will be another 4-6 weeks for a replacement . They hide behind canned responses and are unwilling to do anything to expedite for their defective product . Today I asked for a supervisor and listened to the line ring for over ten minutes , no answer , finally had to hang up . Tried emailing through Thompsons web site , just another canned response telling me to call the same customer service line that did n't help to begin with !! Good idea but the customer service is not worth it . It 's turned be off this phone , if I do get a replacement I think it will be sold at a yard sale ... I expected better from GE .
 I have the 28127fe1 system , which looks a little different than this model.This is a great idea that probably just is n't implemented well by GE . Setup was a snap , just push the button and the cell phone finds the device . Calling using the cell phone through the DECT handset is also easy and works fine . The problem is in the sound quality between the base station and the cell phone . I tried many locations and distances from the handset , and could not get good sound quality . There was always noise and static in the call , sometimes better , sometimes worse , but always there . As a land line phone over DECT , the phone works great . Great range and sound quality as a land line DECT phone . I 'll be taking this back and getting a simpler DECT system and just forwarding my cell calls to my MagicJack . Two stars for good DECT operation , no stars for BT operation.Update
 It works , but that 's the only thing good I can say about it . I got it because they claimed you could add extra handsets . HA ! You ca n't ! I 've gone through 2 and still the only handsets it will recognize are the ones that came in the box with it . If you only need 2 handsets and want to link your cell via bluetooth , it 's a okay phone . But do n't get it thinking you can add extra handsets because you ca n't .
 All of the reviews are correct , it works great until it breaks . -LRB- Ours worked for about 4 months before it started acting up -RRB- Then all customer support will do is tell you to reset the phone or send it back in . That is after calling 4 different numbers -LRB- do n't bother with the number listed in the manual unless you want to spend all day in menus -RRB- . to save you some time the correct # to call to speak to a person -LRB- as of today anyway -RRB- is 1-310-953-0113don ' t bother with this phone unless you want keep sending it back for returns .
 This phone , while the concept sounds great , just does n't work . I 've had it for 28 days now and for the last 3 days , I can receive calls and make calls but I hear nothing . The phone rings , the caller can hear me , I hear nothing . I get no dial tone , yet a call I make goes thru and the receiver can hear me but I still hear nothing.Customer support ? I get to pay to mail the phone to the repair facility and they will get it back to me in 8-10 weeks . Who can go without a phone for 8 weeks ? What do I do until then ? Luckily I bought this phone locally and am within the 30 day return policy so it 's going back today . I actually consider myself lucky that it did n't begin to malfunction on day 31 . Do n't buy this unless you have money to throw away.If you do choose to but this phone
 I purchased this 2/28/2008 . After a few weeks the problems started to arise . The phone handsets would not work , requiring multiple `` resets '' to the system . The bluetooth signal quality is lousy . Trying to reach GE is impossible . I am returning this to Amazon , despite a less than generous return policy and hefty `` restocking fee '' . I would seriously recommend NOT buying this product . If you decide to , use a vendor with a more generous return policy . You WILL be returning it .
 I bought this phone specifically because I wanted to use a bluetooth headset . I had been told in advance that any Bluetooth headset would work . My Plantronics headset was NOT compatible.GE / Thomson pictures a GE bluetooth headset on their website that is made specifically for this phone . I ordered the only headset listed in the manual as an accessory . It came with a wire . Why would I have a wired headset when I have a bluetooth phone ? After much searching and many phone calls , no one seems to know anything about the GE headset and it does n't seem to be available anywhere.Thomson 's customer service was deplorable . When I called back to try to locate the one shown on their web site , they kept transferring me to other numbers that had nothing to do with my question . Most of the service representatives had such an accent , I could n't understand them . The last person said to me `` I ca n't find that model number listed in my system , try your local retailers . If they ca n't find it , call me back . '' That 's when I packed up the phone and returned it.I now have an AT&T ; EP5632 . It works just fine with my bluetooth headset and I really like the color display on the handsets.P.S . I also had problems with the battery not registering .
 I , too have purchased this phone and have had very bad experiences with it . I have had three problems . First is when I receive a call , when I answer the receiver , but have no sound . Second , is where I make a call , but get no dial tone before the phone dials out . Even though I got no dial tone the call went thru . The strangest problem is when the phone decides to call someone on its own . Being connected thru Bluetooth to my cell phone allows this model to just call someone on its own , then ring the GE handset , both parties thinking that they have been called by the other.Dealing with customer service is a total waste . They do n't even know the instruction manual and you can not get to speak to anyone who is familiar with the product itself . Do n't buy this product !
 We purchased this item for our Rock Texas Hill Country home . It works within a few of the interior rooms but as soon as we walk out the door it begins to get static and if we step off either the front or back porch it no longer gets reception.The base unit would not register batteries and after a long wait for tech support I found out that there is a known problem with Duracell batteries.We are returning the units and going back to the old portable phones which work much better at our home .
 I bought this phone considering the features . I always heard static while using the handset . Its been slightly over a year , just out of warranty and the phone died on me . The base is completely dead , the customer service person informed that GE stopped making these phones and even if the phone was under warranty they would just pay me the current value of the phone ... so be aware of the fact that you are buying something that doesnt have any kind of support . My $ $ $ . $ $ are in the dumpster ... . good luck
 DO N'T buy this phone unless the seller agrees to take it back for a full refund if it malfunctions . This phone will not be repaired or replaced by the manufacturer -- Thomson -- because they no longer manufacture phones for GE . They may be willing , after a lot of red tape and phone calls , to offer to refund the purchase price , LESS SHIPPING . The phone 's functions are difficult to master , and the display is small and difficult to read , unless you are in bright light -LRB- and have good reading eyesight -RRB- . There is much about the design that makes little sense , e.g. , the large `` talk '' button on one side of the button panel does n't correspond to an `` off '' or `` end '' button on the other side of the panel -- the `` end '' button is a different size and is located in the first row of buttons below . The worst problem I 've found , however , is that the phone seems to need to be reset every couple of days -- when you try to make a call , you 'll discover there 's no dial tone , so you have to unplug the power , set the handset back into the cradle , plug the power back in , and let the phone reset . I 've never experienced this with any other cordless phone . Mine will be going straight to the garbage as soon as I get a replacement .
 Do n't buy this product !!! It causes more problems than having no phone.I , too have purchased this phone and have had very bad experiences with it . I have had three problems . First is when I receive a call , when I answer the receiver , but have no sound . Second , is where I make a call , but get no dial tone before the phone dials out . Even though I got no dial tone the call went thru . The strangest problem is when the phone decides to call someone on its own . Being connected thru Bluetooth to my cell phone allows this model to just call someone on its own , then ring the GE handset , both parties thinking that they have been called by the other.Dealing with customer service is a total waste . They do n't even know the instruction manual and you can not get to speak to anyone who is familiar with the product itself . Do n't buy this product !
 Once again another large corporation has opted to ignore almost 20 % of potential customers by ignoring the ability of this phone to interfere with an Apple Computer.If the company thinks so little of 20 % of potential customers , how do you think it feels about the other 80 % ??
 In spite of the negative reviews I found here , I ordered this phone with extra handset . Operating it , due to its many options and features , involves a steep learning curve . It is not very intuitive , and I consider myself to be moderately savvy with technology . You can not download addresses from Outlook or any other addressing `` contacts '' software , but you have to enter each one individually , from your computer after connecting the handset via a USB cable . Nor have I figured out if it is possible to transfer contacts already entered in one handset to another , or from my Blackberry to a handset . After setting up the base unit and both handsets , with them working properly , I charged both handsets for 24 hours , arriving home to discover that handset # 2 did not function at all -- no lights , nothing , although the base charger light was illuminated . Eventually , I swapped batteries with handset # 1 , and the unit worked . So I phoned the customer service number in the owner 's manual , only to be directed to another number -LRB- not toll free -RRB- . After a lengthy wait , `` Cynthia '' came on the line . Cynthia speaks in halting English that sounds more like a synthesized voice than anything else . After providing all my details and being asked inane questions -LRB- `` After replacing the battery in the second handset , how do you know it was working ? '' -RRB- , Cynthia informed me that she was sorry for the inconvenience and would be happy to help me if I would but package up the ENTIRE product -- base unit , both handsets , all cords and cables -- and return it to them JUST TO HAVE A DEFECTIVE BATTERY REPLACED . Now I understand that batteries are not covered under product warranties , so perhaps GE/Thomson/Cynthia were all doing me a huge favor in offering to make good on the defective battery . But I do not understand why the entire product had to be returned to do so . Meanwhile , I am getting all sorts of static inference from the working handset , even though this phone is supposed to be using DECT 6.0 technology . So my advice is , read the other negative reviews , listen to us , and buy another phone -- another BRAND of phone .
 This is a fantastic product with tons of features , but it is just far too unreliable . The two major issues I have with it : - I receive a landline call and answer it , but I am not able to hear the caller . They can hear me , but I ca n't hear them . It 's an intermittent problem that can only be fixed by unplugging and plugging in the power . - Sometimes when I receive a cell phone call , the handset starts `` Initializing ... '' and I am unable to answer the call . Again , an intermittent problem . Another call could come in and it will work absolutely fine.I am on my second unit and this one has the same problems . I agree with other reviewers . GE/Thompson support is useless ...
 This phone works well ; however , if you buy additional phones it wo n't allow you to synch or add them . So I had to buy a whole new base and restart if I wanted to use this phone .
 The basic features of this phone are great but the design is poor . For example , Redial . Basic for most phones . In most phones it 's a single button . Not this phone . You have to do the following : Menu -- > Call Records -- > Select -- > Dialed Calls -- > then you have to move the up or down arrows to get to the last one you dialed . But , get this , you have no context as to when they were dialed -LRB- no date or time -RRB- . Also the Mute and `` End '' buttons are too close . I have three other cordless phones in front of me - they all have their `` End '' button in a distinct place - offset from the other buttons . This phone has them in a common area . Ca n't tell you how many times , in a conference call , I 've clicked `` End '' instead of `` Mute '' . The range of the phone is average -LRB- I expected a lot more -RRB- . But the battery life is excellent.The bluetooth implementation is limited . I ca n't use my bluetooth headset nor can I easily pair more than one cell phone -LRB- both I could do with my Panasonic phone -RRB- . Disappointing .
 I purchased this phone set for my wife for Christmas 2009 and we like it . We did not like the fact that when we were home and our cell phones ring we had to run up stairs and across the house ... if we even heard them ring -LRB- or carry them ... tied to a phone -RRB- . My wife heard about these and we saw them at Wal-Mart but I did not feel like paying over $ 100 for them.I read the reviews here AFTER I bought them and was scared ... but ours works great . Both phones connect and our land line too ! The issues that I have is with the ease of use -LRB- figuring out the menus -RRB- and with the software ... it will not work on Windows 7 . The customer service is USELESS ! for both the software manufacturer and GE ... I had to fight with GE to say that there was software . I have not figured out all what the software does besides uploading ring tones.But the phone does work , had no issue connecting the Bluetooth . In fact , I recently ordered 3 new extensions and the Bluetooth headset.I would recommend this to anyone ... just be sure you can follow the instructions on how to connect a Bluetooth device . It is now February and all is well.Update Sept 2011 . The bluetooth still works , but it will disconnect and have other issues . The headset that I ordered never worked and it was returned immediately.We do not use the bluetooth feature any more . I am sorry I bought them , Reduced my rating from 4.5 to 1 .
 We literally threw ours in the trash . I would hate to have someone pay good money for it at a thrift store and find out it does n't work . Oh , it stays charged and all that . There 's just no dial tone most of the time . We tried plugging it in several locations in the house , in case of interference or thick walls or something . It does n't find a dial tone , no matter whether you are near the cradle or not . We missed phone calls for months without figuring out what was going on . The messages go to voicemail -LRB- our local provider -RRB- but the phone does n't ring most of the time . And you want to make a call ? Sorry , most of the time it just says `` Searching ... '' and ca n't get any signal . Gee , I can understand that for a cell phone , but not for my land line .
 The phone has lots of nice features but it 's a dud . I have experienced the same defect in all 3 handsets I bought as mentioned by another reviewer - which is that randomly I am unable to hear the other end of the call , even though the call has gone through . This goes for both outgoing and incoming calls . I sent all 3 handsets and the base unit to El Paso for replacement under warranty but I do n't have high hopes . It 's now 4 weeks and I 've never even heard from them to acknowledge receipt of over $ 250 of electronics . In addition now I have no phones and no answering machine ! When I called to check on the items , all the CS rep did was look on the USPS website to confirm delivery -LRB- which I had already done -RRB- . He had no internal data about whether or not someone was actuall working on my problem . Do n't go here !
 I purchased this phone 2 days ago . It has not worked well .1 . when using my cell phone line and talking on the handset callers complain that the last part of my word is cut off .2 . At times when I go to use the handset there is no dial tone . I have to go to the base unit and push the speaker phone button and get a dial tone . After doing this I then am able to get a dial tone on my handsets .3 . Started having problems with cell phones going through the headsets . So I took them off and tried to put them back on and the phone will not let me . It shows no cell phones on the base but it will not connect any . My cell phones recognize the GE phone but not vice versa .4 . I have had to reset the base unit two times , but even this does not help clear all of there problems up .5 . At times the phone echoes in my ear.Back to the store this will go . I 'm getting my money back !
 I planned to order several more of these containers , but I was disappointed in the poor quality . Not at all what we used to get from a Rubbermaid product , sad to say . The edges of the top were sharp and jagged , almost cut my hand . I had to file them to get them smooth enough to be safe for using . I also had a hard time removing one of the product stickers on the clear side of container . Finally had to use peanut butter to remove `` most '' of the sticker and residue . I will try a different product in hopes of finding a container more suitable for my storage needs .
 As a medical student , I bought this to fit in the pocket of my white coat as a hard surface to write on during morning rounds . The clipboard itself seems fantastic
 Panasonic needs to dump this style of fax machine - the ones that use that cheesy film - like carbon paper only really really expensive.I had the older model this unit and I ca n't really fault much about it except the cost of the film and the way it uses the film . It basically feeds inch by inch film to paper . What his means is when a fax message is blank or has one line it still uses an entire page of film.When your film is finished you may used 20 % of the potential of the roll . You ca n't rewind so you have are stuck with shelling out another $ 25 for a roll.I just took mine out of service in favor of a SHARP unit that uses an inkjet cartridge . It 's too soon to tell how long it will last but the starter cartridge has already done more than 300 sheets and still going strong . The entire unit cost me the same price as two rolls of Panasonic film.The cordless phone is fine and works well , but the battery could stand some improvement.Panasonic needs to stop making these film based machines or at least re-engineer them to feed film only when printing .
 Battery life on this phone is short , it keeps dying . If you talk for more than 4 hours , forget about it.The answering machine is okay , but getting it to work properly is a real chore.Speakphone is a nice feature . Works well easy to use.The fax is cumbersome.I would not buy another one . I 'm dumping mine and getting a Sony .
 Another reviewer noted that the fax uses up its ink-roll quickly -- I agree . I get a couple of junk faxes per week and that makes the machine unneccessarily expensive to own . The batteries in both handsets died after 1 year and it cost me $ 36 to replace them . One of the handsets seems to have gone quietly insane over the past year . It arbitrarily loses contact with the base -LRB- even when sitting next to it -RRB- and it now happens so frequently that I have to replace it . Perhaps if I had been paying more attention to it I would have noticed the onset of the handset 's dementia and taken it to a doctor in time . Oh well : - -LRB-
 The first calendar was sealed with scotch tape on one side and was basically opened . It came crushed and bent , and was missing the pen . The box seemed old . It was in such poor condition that I had to return it.The replacement calendar came in a new box , but was again bent and wrinkled . I was so disillusioned at this point that I did not even return it .
 Wow these phones look great . Not to mention terrific ringer customization , sharp Caller ID LCD + call memory , and freedom from phone jacks make this combo a dream come true . Seemingly a steal for under $ 50 . The bad , however , strongly outweighs the good with the 25931EE2 . The phones have a tendency to become ` unpaired ' with their core -LRB- tethered -RRB- base ; just hope you can find the second unit if/when the ` UNAVAILABLE ' message of death appears on the Caller ID when receiving a call.Related , peer reviewers are very accurate in their criticisms of the whisper low listening volume on these phones ; approximately 1/3 of received calls are very difficult to hear even on the highest volume level . Odd since the ringers can scare the bejeebuz out of you in sheer volume.Finally , numbers tend to dial ... but no dialtone emerges . Or vice versa . Unless you have a longing desire to have random conversations with strangers due to eclectic dialing , the 25931EE2 might not be for you.The alternatives , however , are very costly -- almost 2-3x the price . This may simply be one of those technologies where a brief wait is well worth the merger between price and features .
 The volume is so low on this phone you can hardly hear the person on the other end , even with the volume turned to maximum . Returning this phone today .
 These phones , look impressive , and are inexpensive , but your speaking voice feeds back into the ear so loudly that it hurts . yet , if you turn the volume down you ca n't hear the other end of the line .
 I switched to these 5.8 phones when we moved into a larger home . We would get interference between the phones , the wireless network , and the wireless intercom system . I have had nothing but problems with them .1 -RRB- The buttons do n't press ! You will , for example , press the number 7 , it will register on the phone 's LED screen as a number that you pressed , but it will sometimes NOT ACTUALLY dial that number . So if you dial 555-1212 , often , you may have only really dialed 55112 . Frustrating .2 -RRB- Secondly , the speaker phone function is difficult to use . You dial your number , -LRB- if you can miraculously get all 7 numbers to register -RRB- , then switch to speaker phone . You hear your caller through the speaker . It 's time to pick up the handset and listen . So you hit speaker again ? Nope ! It 's disconnected . -LRB- Then you have to try to dial again ... Uggggh ! -RRB- You have to go back to talk to get to the handset . Then talk again to disconnect . Uer error , I know . But after 6 months , I still forget that function .3 -RRB- Handsets and bases ... . You need to program each handset to the proper base , and mark them . So your kitchen base will only work with the kitchen handset you originally registered it to . The family room handset can not be charged on the kitchen base . If you mix them up , the handsets malfunction .4 -RRB- Ergonomics . I do n't have chubby cheeks , but still manage to hang up on my callers when my cheek inadvertantly touches the talk button . -LRB- Then I have to try to dial again ... frustrating ! -RRB- 5 -RRB- Sound quality is poor . Static is present no matter where I sit , stand or position myself in relationship to the base.Giving up on this system today and finding a better one !
 We bought this set about a year and a half back , and for the most part , we were very happy with its performance . Sound quality was reasonable -LRB- personally did not feel the speaker-phone volume was very low -RRB- . However , over the last few months , the calls seem to drop frequently , the amount of static has increased , and the displays on both units are toast . I was forced to buy a new set -LRB- Panasonic this time -RRB- finally . Less than two year life is probably not worth the price , I would rather pay more and have a set that lasts longer . -LRB- We keep the batteries well charged , so it is not a battery issue -RRB- .
 This phone system was easy to set up , and we liked the physical aspects of the phone , especially the small footprint . Upon use , however , we found that the phones would fade , and eventually drop calls . This issue was not a distance or interference issue , as the dropped calls would occur with the handset in the same room of our residence as the base station . This happened on several occasions , with either handset . We returned the phone system and went with another manufacturer , and as a result , we do n't know if this was anamolous behavior , or if it is a common problem with this phone .
 Got this as a Christmas present and have tried to get this phone to give decent reception , to no avail . Everyone I 've talked to on this phone tells me I sound muffled . It comes with a volume control -LRB- only has 4 options , none of which are `` loud '' -RRB- . I am not hard of hearing , but I must be in a perfectly quiet room in order to hear the caller . I tried using Speakerphone thinking at least that , with me yelling , would be better . With Speakerphone I can hear the caller better , but they still have problems hearing me . Changing channels does n't resolve the issue , either . I got a headset , hoping that would help - it did not . I wanted this phone because of it 's features and the ability to use a headset -LRB- for hands-free talking while I work -RRB- . Overall I love the features of the phone , but can not get it to get good reception , ca n't hear others and they ca n't hear me - whether I use the headset or handset . Would not recommend this phone set to anyone .
 Do not waste your time or money . I bought this phone in a store and have had problems since I first bought it . Mainly a sometime dial tone that evolved into a no time dial tone - just weird static . The store would not test the phones or take them back . Beware . .
 I was disappointed to find that both phones ca n't be used at the same time as with a real extension . So both you and the wife ca n't be on the phone at the same time talking to Dad - one has to hang up for the other to get on . Also , they seem to lose their ability to recognize the system , and have to be re - set - a simple process but annoying to have to do more than once . And they are cheaply constructed . But they work - so I guess I ca n't really complain too much considering the price .
 Good looking phone with disappointing voice quality . Worst is CID does not work at all .
 I bought this phone really for it 's speakerphone capability , or lack thereof I have come to realize , and will be returning it as soon as I get another one to replace it . The reception for the handset is also sub par . I 'm quite shock because GE is known for making pretty reliable phones .
 This proved to be the single worst phone I have ever used . The phone always sounded muffled and I had multiple complaints of echoes from people with whom I was talking ; additionally , when trying to dial , the phone would clear the numbers I had input -LRB- prior to hitting the `` Talk '' button -RRB- and remind me that I had no voicemail messages waiting . In addition , the phone would start sounding `` static-y '' if I wandered more than about 40 feet from the base . Finally , the phone would not allow me to pick up multiple handsets at one time - if I had to switch handsets , I would have to put the call on hold and `` transfer '' to another handset and it surely would not allow more than one person to talk at the same time .
 We purchased this set of phones several months ago and are now looking for another set . It is very difficult for the person on the other end to hear you when talking . I often have to call my husband back on his cell phone because I can not understand him . One of the handsets just quit working . You could not answer incoming calls on it . I got so upset that I purposely threw it to the ground and broke it . Garbage . We have purchased several sets of phones over the past 8 months and just can not find one that we are satisfied with .
 I have never had a phone that performed so poorly . I owned better phones `` back in the day '' when cordless phones first came out . There is a terrible feedback of your voice when talking on the handset and when attempting to use the speakerphone , the caller can not understand/hear you . I trashed these phones and purchased a comperable Sony cordless that is GREAT ! Save your $ $ on this one - you 're better off trying to send smoke signals !
 I purchased this phone when my multi-handset Panasonic phone was damaged during a cross country move . I should have went out an bought another Panasonic set becuase I never had any problems with it , but I figured I would give this GE unit a try since it was priced right.The only real positives about this phone is that is has decent sound quality , large easy to dial buttons , and feels comfortable in the hand.Now for the negatives . The worst problem is that you can not pick up more than one handset at a time . So if you 're on one handset and someone else wants to join the call on another handset , they ca n't ! On top of that , the Caller-ID feature is hard to use and hard to organize . All in all this just is n't a very user friendly phone . I would avoid it unless it is on a crazy sale .
 This phone is terrible . Your voice is loud to the person listening , but muffled no matter what you do . The speaker phone is worthless . You have to hold it right next to your mouth to be heard . Changing the channels does n't help in the least . It 's not the user , it 's the equipment . I usually like GE , but this is seriously disappointing . Have to replace the multiple sets purchased . Highly discourage purchasing this phone .
 First of all , one of the handsets did not work so I sent it to their repair center . One month later they send back the handset telling me I had to send back all three along with the base station . Not sure why since two are working fine . Plus if I send back everything I no longer would have a phone ! Besides the quality of the speaker phone is suspect as well . I should have listened to the other reviewers .
 These phones were NOT a good purchase . I bought these because we can never find a cordless phone to answer , figured 3 are better than 1 but I was wrong . I still have n't figured out why if one is dead , they all are dead . There is not an indication of how much battery is left on the phone . If it goes dead , you must hang up all 3 phones in the main base cradle before any of them will work again . It is all confusing and I do n't like something that is difficult to operate !!
 After purchasing this item to replace my old clock radio telephone -LRB- even though I am not a fan of GE -RRB- I found that the radio alarm on both alarms did not work . Not having the time or the patience to return it to Amazon -LRB- who I am sure would make good on this defective piece of junk -RRB- I decided to keep it and use the buzzer alarm -LRB- not too pretty to awaken in the AM with -RRB- . Beware of GE products .
 This is a good looking combo clock radio phone with some very serious flaws . The A/M radio is among the worst I have ever seen . The different stations are mixing together to make it almost unlistenable . Unless you live in an area with few stations-forget it . I sent to first unit back to Amazon only to find the second one was the same . The phone ringer has only the most basic electronic ringers-awful .
 The display is light blue on darker blue , and you can either turn the brightness up enough for it to be a nightlight shining in your face at night , or down enough to where you can not read it even in the dark . Mine died after a month and a half .
 I thought this was just the phone/clock-radio combination I needed . But it has been a disappointment almost from the beginning . First the clock runs slow enough I have to set it every month or two , which should be just about inconceivable with a digital clock . Then , the display started to deteriorate in the handset , to the point that we can not read the number or ID of the caller -- it looks like that alien language on the screens in the Star Wars movies . And now , the clock display is so dark it is unreadable -- on the brightest setting . So there is no way to read the caller ID , no way to see the clock , and the time may be wrong if you could see it -- all of this in less than a year!The radio still works , though .
 Do not buy this phone . Lots of interference from my wireless router . Changing channels does not clear the clicking sounds . Clock does n't keep accurate time . I have to reset it once a month . Buttons are not clear and routine functions are clumsy .
 I initialy had high hopes for this GE made phone/radio . But alas ... the radio reception was weak and the phone was defective and did not work . Also , the alarm clock set up process was very user unfriendly.I decided to try another brand.If you DO decide to purchase this GE model , be careful when you open the package . The seller wo n't take returns without all the original wrapping in un-torn condition .
 Very difficult learning curve . Instruction are poorly written . To date , I have not been able to get radio reception without getting extreme bleed-over from other stations . AM , even with antenna , is out of the question .
 The quality and feature set on this product are disappointing , particularly for a GE product . The instructions are poor , and the unit does not respond to some of the instructions - in fact , it appears that the instructions might have been written for another rev of the product . The handset key tones can not be turned off . The ringer selection is very limited and sounds cheap . The hand set feels cheap.I 'm sending it back .
 horrible design , you ca n't see the display in the night unless you have it on bright mode , then it lights up your bedroom like downtown New York . I do n't recommend anyone buy this product .
 This unit simply does not work ! Sometimes it even does not get tone , sometimes decides to stop transmitting , cutting the mic . all of a sudden , sometimes I have to set it 6 or 7 times in the craddle to reset it . I need a unit with 2.4 Ghz Cordless / Call ID / AMFM digitally tuned receiver / and alarm clock ; You would think by the year 2006 this could be acomplished by a `` relative newcomer '' to home appliances and electronics like GE , evidently not . Im returning this clunker , definitively!Give a wide berth .
 Thought the combo would take up less space on bedside furniture , but it is not an attractive piece , not easy to use , can barely hear the phone ring and overall S -- ks !
 I am very disappointed in this product because I can not get a clear reception . I am constantly changing channels but the reception is still full of static and hissing sounds . I like the color of the phone and the adjustable lighting . It serves as a nice night light .
 Ordered on line December 6th 2009 . Great looking , sound was great , alarm was easy to set , time was visible from across the room Then after six weeks from the day of purchase , I was not able to make any outgoing calls . I changed the battery , detatched and reattached wires -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- but nothing helped . I returned the phone on January 28th and am waiting for my refund .
 I bought this for a Christmas gift and it is now not working . Not sure what happened ?? It was great for 1 month .
 I hate this clock radio phone . It does n't pick up hardly any stations and its very hard to program . The phone has poor sound quality as well . I ca n't believe I wasted this much money on this item .
 I needed a new alarmclock/phone for my bedroom . This looked like a good choice from the reviews.However the sound quality of the phone is terrible . I can hardly hear the person on the line , even if I turn the sound all the way up.Also the design is bad . When you pick the phone up from the cradle , you actually have to turn it around . It sits backwards.In other words , if you pick it up with your right hand like normal , the earpiece will be down by your mouth and vice versa.Not a huge deal , but someone was not thinking when they designed this.I am not sure why they use a blue light background . If you turn it down low at night , you ca n't read the time ... all you can see is blue.And turn it up any brighter and it lights the entire bedroom up.I thought about returning it , but was too lazy . So will keep it and bear with the issues .
 I returned this phone after only a few weeks because the phone part stopped working . The clock worked fine but the cordless reciever stopped working . I returned the phone to Amazon about 1 week ago and still have not had any confirmation . I did re-buy the phone again in a store -LRB- for easier returns -RRB- . I wanted to give it another try because it had everything I wanted in an alarm clock radio . Cordless , caller id , 2 alarms and sleek design . If this phone works fine then I would give it 4/5 stars . I 'm hoping I just got a bad one . But it does have everything in a nice compact bedside phone .
 Worked fine when we first got it although radio has poor reception as others reported . After about a year one of the display LEDs must have burned out since I was no longer able to set the screen on bright . Next the buttons that turn on/off the 2 alarms started to act flakey -- would need to press them multiple times to get any activity . I 'm trying to get a replacement but there does n't seem to be much choice except GE .
 I was not happy with this product at all . The colon between the hour and minutes continuously blinks , very annoying . When a new call comes in the New Call button flashes continuously until you lift the handset , so if you answer another extention is stays blinking . The display is either way too bright , the whole room is illuminated or the lowest setting you ca n't read it . Also had problems with Caller ID . For the price I was thoroughly disappointed . Returned mine !
 This unit is terrible !!! Very inconvenient to use . The directions are poorly written . Each morning we wake up guessing whether we will wake up to the AM station we `` set it for '' or to static on an FM station . Even if I double check it we 're still guessing . The 1st unit I got was defective , this is the 2nd one .
 I ordered this phone on Oct. 16-today is Nov. 12 and the item has still not shipped . It did not state in the ordering process that item would not ship out until mid - Nov to early December . I called Amazon , who in turned contacted the manufactor , however , this did not expediate the order .
 Have n't had this item long but so far , so good . I 'd like to respond to a couple complaints I 've read . The phone IS a little hard to pick up from the base unit . I think the designers were more concerned about looks than function . Not a big issue though . One other thing I 've read `` Third , it has an annoying red `` new call '' button that blinks ALL the time and can not be turned off - I want to put tape over it . '' . With little effort I 've discovered this light can be turned off \ reset but either adjusting the brightness of the display or simply picking up the handset from the base unit . I do n't see the `` new call '' indicator as a problem.5-17-10
 I looked all over for a cordless phone/alarm clock/radio/caller ID for a somewhat decent price and decided on this one . Big mistake . I 've had it for close to 3 years now and the phone part has been defective from the start . It always says `` replace battery '' and so the phone itself wo n't work . When I 've tried replacing the battery , it will work for maybe a sporadic 3 weeks and then just die again . So for the majority of the 3 years I 've had it , I 've used it just as an alarm clock . For that it works well enough , the radio is a little weak and has trouble picking up normal stations , but it gets the job done . The one annoying thing about it is the ridiculously bright LCD screen . I keep it on the `` dimmest '' setting possible , but I put it in quotes because I would never refer to it as dim . It lights up the entire room at night and I have to consciously both turn away from it , and turn it away from me , in order to fall asleep at night . After 3 years I 've put up with it long enough , time to look for a new one .
 We have removed this phone from operation , because with it plugged in , our caller ID in the house stopped working . We also had issues with some calls going directly to voicemail and not ringing in the house . Verizon came out to the house and after a lot of detective work , they found the issue was the phone . When we unplugged it , no more issues . I would have returned the phone but I had thrown away the paperwork.Other than that issue , the phone , its functions , etc. were all great , but beware of these issues if you get this phone .
 It is a great idea to combine all these functions to minimize space occupied on the bedside table , but no designers seem to have tested the ergonomics of LCDs in these devices.We have sought a telephone clock radio since our last one died . We have bought and returned three , including one GE , because LCDs are generally a terrible design choice in this type of device . If brightness is high enough to read the time in a dark room then it will keep you awake , but if it is dim enough for comfortable sleep then there is not enough contrast to read the time when you awake in the middle of the night.Yes , LCDs allow all sorts of information about bell and whistle ` features ' , but LED displays do not have the contrast problem.We still are looking for a reasonable replacement .
 I love the look of this phone and it does n't take up too much space on my desk - that is about the only nice thing about it.-The phone ring sounds more like an alarm going off than a phone ringing . Although you can turn the ring off , if you forget it 's VERY disturbing if you are napping and the phone rings . You will jump a few feet off of your bed if this happens.-Setting the alarm is not easy at first , but once you get the idea its fine ... BUT Do NOT get this phone if you have another person sleeping in the same room/bed as you who plans on staying asleep after you wake up . Reason being the buttons on the clock beep very loudly when turning off the alarm , and there is now way to silence them . So if the alarm itself does n't wake your partner up , you turning the alarm off certainly will ! - It is a nice feature that you can turn the brightness down , but on the lowest setting the display is almost impossible to read.-I bought this phone after searching and searching for a cordless phone with an alarm clock included . -LRB- They are hard to find -RRB- I found this one and it looked like everything I wanted . It worked well for about a month -LRB- long enough for me to say it is fine and throw away the packaging -RRB- and then it stopped making calls . The phone appears to not register I am pushing the buttons . I can only answer incoming calls . So it is pretty useless as a phone . Then a month or so after that the buttons that control the alarm clock functions stopped working as well so now it is useless as an alarm clock too . Unfortunately since I tossed the box and receipt I ca n't return this piece of junk.Just a lesson to everyone do n't throw out the packaging until you are absolutely sure the product is worth keepingThis one is not .
 At first look this is a very nice looking clock radio with great features , but do n't waste your money . The time display is hard to read from any angle but straight on , the AM ca n't receive even a 50,000 watt radio station that 's 20mi away , the phone ringer is soft , and the telephone handset is very hard to grasp to lift it from the cradle . Most GE products are very good , but they missed it with this one !
 This product is nothing what I expected . Amazon gave me all they specs on the product , but said nothing about it having only one ringtone and it sounded annoying . I have had GE clock/radios before and they were a lot better quality than this particular model . The clock is hard to set and there is a large AM antenna that is very inconvenient . Lastly , the return policy is a real pain . You do not deal with Amazon , but with an electronics store in Brooklyn , NY -LRB- not even GE -RRB- . It sounded like someone working out of their garage and I was charged a restocking fee . From now on , I will only order books and music CD 's from Amazon , so I will know what I am truly receiving .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE ! The clock display blacked out the evening I received this clock radio/phone from Etronics . And now Etronics is not answering the phone even though it is 9:30 and the message says their business hours start at 9 . The message says `` Please call back during business hours . '' Where are you guys ?
 I bought this as a space saver , but it really has a lot of downsides . I must admit , that we lost the manual in the move , but multiple attempts to get another one have failed . Anyway , the clock beeps loudly when it is being set , which always seems to wake someone up - any other alarm clock I 've had is silent when setting it . Also - it is very easy to change the time , which can screw up your alarm . I am buying another one and hope to sell this to some gullible person at a garage sale .
 i would not buy this phone for the price it is not worth it
 The only good thing about the phone is that it is cordless . There is no way to store numbers . I do n't like the ring . The radio is of no use to me since I ca n't get radio waves where I live .
 This GE cordless clock radio phone has many things wrong with it . The alarm will not set . The colon on the time has an annoying blink which can not be turned off . One can not read the time unless you are standing directly in front of it . Worst of all the company will not refund my money . They will simply send another which will hopefully work this time . And if it does n't , I suppose I just keep wrapping up a phone and sending it back -LRB- all at my expense -RRB- . There were good reviews of this phone but an equal number of bad ones . Do n't buy this phone .
 This phone is junk . The handsets forget that they belong to the base unit frequently , so it is likely that you will not be able to place or take a call from anywhere other than the base unit without reconfiguring the hand set at the base unit.In the rare case that the phones work , only one person can ever pick up on a call . The extra handsets do you no good when more than one person wants to join in on the call.I 'd used some good inexpensive phones from GE in the past , but will never buy another one from then after this one . Free is too much money for this phone . After a year of pain with this junk , I now have a wonderful replacement from Panasonic .
 I agree with everyone who purchased this now worthless phone . Not only can I barely hear the caller on the other end , but the caller ID display is fading -- one is totally gone ! I too got suckered into the discounted price ... and , less then a year later , I 'm looking for another phone . DO N'T BUY IT !
 My experience with these particular phones is that they are way too quiet . My brother-in-law bought the same ones . I decided to go with these because of the cool ring tones , answering maachine , and speaker phone feature . What a disappointment . I use it as an answering machine but rely on a two dollar wired phone from Goodwill if I need to converse.If anything is making any noise in the house , or if you 're talking to someone who 's soft-spoken , you had better reach for a different phone , because these are way too quiet , even with the volume at maximum . Same goes for the speakerphone . You nearly have to hold it up to your ear to hear what people are saying . This could actually be a perfect solution to the low volume , if the speaker for the speakerphone were n't on the back of the phone .
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND ON ALL 3 PHONES THE SCREEN WENT OUT ON IT AFTER 6 MONTHS SO NOW I HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER PHONE SO I CAN SEE WHO 'S CALLING . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!! GE Cordless 5.8 GHz Edge 25951EE3 Phone with 3 Handsets , Call Waiting Caller ID and Digital Answering System
 We received these phones as a Christmas gift and they are on their way back . We can not hear anything on them , it sounds like everyone is whispering . They do not have nearly as many of the nice features as some of the other expandable phone systems do . I would not recommend them at all .
 I bought the Model 25951 phone and within 2 months -LRB- after the warranty expired of course -RRB- , the phone was junk . The volume went out . The volume was all the way on high and I could barely hear on the phone . So now I have to throw away this phone and purchase another and it wo n't be a GE after this experience .
 We received the phone system for Christmas . The first unit had a malfunctioning answering machine . We exchanged it today for another unit . The answering machine malfunctioned on this unit too . Stay away from this product .
 I was quite disapointed with these phones . You ca n't be on parallel phones . If two people want to talk together to the party who called them you have to install a different phone . The whole purpose of buying these phones with three extensions was for more than one person to be on the line at one time . People who call me often ask me to speak louder as they do n't hear me well . I must saythat the quality of these phones leaves a lot to be desired .
 Purchased this phone set on sale . Now I know why it was so deeply discounted . The units are nothing but junk ! Ca n't hear a thing on any of the handsets . If I could rate this lower than 1 star , I would .
 We thought the convenience of not having to have a phone jack for every phone would make this product useful . MISTAKE ! This is of very poor quality . No Volume . Difficult to transfer to another slave unit . Ca n't use more than one phone at a time . Do n't buy it .
 I have only had this piece of junk ONE day and it is on the way back ! The volume control and the speaker are terrible ! The back lighted text area is so small I need a magnifying glass ! NO way to make the fonts bigger or change the style!The set up is not hard but the volume control is BAD !
 I bought this system from Sam 's Club recently and the phones were pieces of junk . The reception within the house was shoddy at best , dialing was a debacle because the phones would n't recognize the dialing , and the caller id would n't show the number of the person dialing until after the phone had clicked to voicemail . It may be an attractive price , but just bite the bullet and pay $ 20 more for a system that actually works !
 We went for a 5,8 gHz phone to avoid interference with our wireless network , and this is what we picked . Dialling on any handset only works if you stand stock still and within sight range of the base station . Voice reception is so bad in parts of the house we end up hanging up and calling back on our cellphones.We bought a Motorola when we got fed up . It works absolutely perfectly . Wish we 'd gotten it to start with and not wasted time with this rubbish.PS - noticed a friend had the same model when visiting their house . Asked them how it was , and they had the same frustrations . It 's just a badly made product .
 My husband gave me this for a birthday gift because it had a slim profile when mounted on the wall . That is the only good thing about this phone system . I wish I had read reviews after I got it so it could have been returned . Where to begin ? The backlight goes off after the second ring . Too bad because it takes more than two rings for it to register the caller ID so you ca n't see who 's calling . There is no speaker phone ability . As other 's have pointed out , you can only use one handset at a time . Worse yet , if you want to pick up an extension , the extension that answered the phone originally needs to use the call `` transfer '' feature to that handset before you can pick it up . Occasionally , the battery goes dead prematurely and with little notice because it would appear it has n't charged well or properly . The volume feature is inconvenient to use . The programming features are not user friendly . I seem to find more to dislike every day .
 This Phone looked good from the start but then I pluged it in . - short range . Past 30 feet and the static starts . - If you hit redial and you are 20 to 30 feet away from the base it drops tones . you never know where you are calling . - call waiting will cause the phone to shut down - caller ID was slow to display - support was bad.I was able to return the phone after 80 days to Staples and picked up a Panasonic .
 Pros
 Do n't even consider buying this product . Read all the reviews below since everyone has had the same problem with this set . None of the handsets work together and completely forget about ever hearing anyone on the other end or having them hear you . Just wo n't happen . I actually thought it was a toy at first . No kidding , it 's REALLY that bad ! Buy a Uniden or Panasonic - they 've worked the best for us and I 'm going back for another since this one is a piece of junk !
 I purchased this phone system around June 2006 . One of the handsets has failed to work since purchasing the unit . I have contacted Vtech 's support regarding the problem and none of their troubleshooting tips have resolved the issue . They have offered to replace the phone , but I 'm completely disappointed that I have to pay for shipping the phone to them in order to get a replacement . Furthermore , what 's a person to do for a phone if this the only one they have ? Vtech needs to change it 's product return procedures such that customers first receive a new phone along with a pre-paid return shipping label to return bad units . I really wish I had read the reviews on Amazon before buying this phone . If I had , I never would have bought it . Oh , and by the way , Vtech 's support appears to be all by email ... no support telephone support number could be found on their website .
 Had this phone for about two weeks before it stopped dialing out . The handsets still connect to the base station , or at least they say they are connected , and I get a dial tone , but when I dial , it just comes right back to the dial tone . No call is made . If I answer a call , I can hear the caller , but they ca n't hear me , no matter how close I stand to the base station . Changing channels makes no difference . I 'm returning this today and getting something else . Please do n't waste your money . In fact , this experience makes me very wary of anything with the VTech name .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this phone . There is nothing redeemable about it . It picks up all kinds of interference , even after switching channels . The voice quality sounds like talking in a tin can . You can only use one handset at a time , so family members can not join in the conversation . I ca n't believe a company would peddle such junk .
 I was quite impressed until I hooked it up . While my son was on one handset I tried to turn on another so we could both talk on the phone ... the phone indicated `` CA N'T CONNECT '' . After digging in the instructions I find that only one handset can be used at any given time . This phone is fine if you live alone in a big house , otherwise find a different unit !! There is no indication of this limitation on the box .
 If we 'd read these reviews first , we 'd never have bought these phones . We have endured every negative issue noted in the other reviews here -- but no longer . We 're returning them . The display is VERY dim and hard to read , caller ID frequently does not appear -LRB- yes , we do have caller ID , but for some reason , the feature works poorly on these phones -RRB- . In addition , you can not activate more than one handset at a time . Why is this ?!? The only positive aspect to this would be the ability to carry on a phone conversation you do n't want anyone listening in on . The only saving grace is the built-in answering system . We have had no problems with it .
 The item was not operational when it arrived . Rather than return it through Amazon , we called the Vtech company to ask for technical assistance . They were patronizing and not helpful , especially after it was identified that the equipment itself was faulty . We eventually got a replacement phone , but not without a lot of hassle and inconvenience . I will not deal with this company again .
 I bought this phone at a local dealer in town , and they allowed me to compare features . MUTE is n't even a feature on their list -LRB- I assumed because it was a given ! -RRB- , but this phone did n't have it ! And it also would not allow more than one handset to be in use at the same time ?!?! My wife and I frequently will both get on the phone to talk to our families , and found this phone utterly useless . We had a Panasonic that we thought this would replace , but are looking for a newer Panasonic as a result .
 This phone was very disappointing . The handsets are unreliable . Every once in a while , for no explicable reason , they just wo n't connect to the base . Also , there is no speakerphone button , no hold button , and no quick shortcut buttons for frequently dialed numbers . I did n't really need an answering machine as we have voicemail , so the buttons on the base unit are useless to us.I have only had it a week but plan to return it today .
 I agree totally with many of the previous reviewers . I bought this phone 5 months ago and already one of the handsets is not working . The lack of speakphone , no capability for handset to handset talk , and the poor volume control make this phone unusable . Get October 's Consumer Reports for review .
 This system only allows one handset to be `` online '' at a time . That means if two people in the household want to talk with grandma at the same time they cant ! If you answer the phone downstairs and someone upstairs wants to pick up the phone too and talk they ca n't . . at least not until the person downstairs hits the transfer button and now he can no longer talk without the upstairs person transfering back . . duh duh dumb . . so not user friendly . This is a so called security feature more like an annoying feature that I wish I could turn off .
 I am very dissapointed with this unit . It has a slow reaction time when answering the phone . Also , only one handset can be in use at any time . This may be common with this type of equipment and if so I was not aware of it . Even though the handsets are spread out around the house , another person can not pick up a different unit if the phone had been answered somewhere else in the house . A bad choice on my part .
 We 've had these phones for about 2 weeks and we 'll soon be returning them and purchasing another brand . There is a terrible echo on most calls and the battery life is terrible . The phone also does n't appear to indicate how much `` charge '' is available . Maybe we just got a lemon , but we 'll be going back to Sony or Uniden -LRB- both of which performed much better than these new VTech phones -RRB- .
 I 'm disappointed with the Vtech IA5874 5.8 GHz I purchased not just because of the sound quality or caller ID features but other ones that are important to me . Although the price was good the features are not . There is no mute or speaker for this phone , I have n't tried using the phone with multipule callers so I ca n't say if that feature is available for this model but not having mute when I 'm yelling at my grands or a speaker when I need to perform other task is not sufficient . I 'm returning the phone and the GE I bought to replace it after reading the reviews about it . I 'll stick with Panasonic , AT&T , -LRB- I 've had previously -RRB- and possibly Uniden since the reviews are good .
 Received one call , the message he left was NOT audible . When we called him back , he said our greeting message was terrible as well . Had the phone for one day which was one day too long . Looking to get a Panasonic KX . Great reviews on it.Blessings to all .
 This model has VERY POOR sound quality -- no one can hear me unless I yell into the phone.Have no options to replace phone since its functions are not included on all models . Purchased this phone because it had a particular function that was important to me -LRB- called `` announce only
 Owned this phone for little over a week when it stopped letting us dial out . Could hear a dial tone but the phone would say connecting , and then could not connect . Returned it and got a better phone , not worth the hassle even for the low price .
 We bought this phone b/c a previous vtech phone served us well . This one , however is just missing too many key features that I took for granted . For instance , there is no speaker phone feature -LRB- was great for when I was put on hold -RRB- and the ringer volume control only works if you press it WHILE the phone is ringing , and then resets to `` loud '' for the next call - in my house the phone keeps waking up the baby and I ca n't set any handset or the base to silent mode . Also , switching to pick up call waitibg is a crapshoot , you never know if you will disconnect one or both people . If you want a totally stripped down phone , this might work for you . For anyone else , it 's a step down .
 Very short range making it useless for the purpose it is sold . Remote phones have a MAXIMUM range of less than 30 ft in the same room . Less than 20ft if a wall seperates them . LED displays have several dead pixels . You have to guess at what it is displaying .
 The Vtech falls down on a very basic point -- no one can hear what I 'm saying on the other end . The lack of options -LRB- no mute button , so speakerphone -RRB- are obvious when you purchase this phone , but its poor quality in delivering sound is apparent only after many `` can you repeat that ? '' `` I 'm sorry , I ca n't hear you '' `` Can you speak up ? ''
 The most important thing it does n't do is have a volume option for the ringer . -LRB- There 's only volume for someone 's voice on the other end . -RRB- I can sit one foot away from the phone , have music playing at a normal level , and not hear it ring . Only when the answering machine kicks in do I hear someone 's voice and realized I had missed all the rings ! If I 'm in the next room -LRB- the kitchen -RRB- and have the microwave on or running water at the sink I wo n't hear the phone . It is so ridiculous how soft sounding this phone is . My old phone , I could watch TV and the phone ringing would disrupt me from hearing my program , this phone I do n't even hear . I 'm young and have excellent hearing , I assure you it 's not me.Sometimes this phone has a bad connection , I 'll hear an echo when I speak . Or the person I 'm speaking to will think there 's someone in the room with me speaking . A couple times I 've been disconnected from calls . I also bought this phone for my mother and she 's had the same problem.The caller ID function does n't work properly . If I had a caller ID box , it would tell me how many times one person called me and the time of each call . This phone counts multiple calls from one person -LRB- per day -RRB- as one call . So it will only tell me the last time you called , not that you called me 5 times today . You know sometimes this info is needed.The one thing I do like is being able to put in photos for the address book . Well only 9 photos are allowed . But it 's neat because when the phone rings and they 're calling the display window shows their photo . One of my friends ' name does n't show on my caller ID , so I put her in my phone book , so now when she calls it says her name on the display window . The do not disturb button is nice too .
 I purchased this phone for my granddaughter 's room for her birthday . I bought it 3 months before her party , so once I had given it to her , too much time had passed , therefore I could not return it . The neon light only lasted 3 weeks , plus the `` numbers '' do n't all work either . This is a very cheap phone , and had I not purchased it so far in advance , I would have returned it . It is a total piece of junk .
 This phone has lots and lots of static when a call first comes in . It clears up after about 5 minutes , but if I had known about the static problem , I probably would not have bought this phone , no matter how cute I thought it was .
 This ` new ' telephone did not work , out of the box . I was offered a replacement or a repair ... . but if it does n't work out of the box , that 's it . Looks cute , but very light weight . I would not recommend it .
 Really wanted those old dial phone but i saw this and i thought how cute that its a modern version of the old one . Unfortunately the phone has its faults that its quite annoying for me . The phone handle does not securely sit on the phone . Thinking of either adding a velcro on it coz I keep knocking it out . Its also hard to set the handle back . The phone is also very fragile . When youre fiddling with the cords people can actually hear it from the other line . If you want it for design only and not practicality go ahead and use it !!! I give it a 1 star for design .
 this phone has some good features , but this is a difficult phone . not at all user-friendly . virtually impossible to dial out as the keypad is poorly designed .
 Too light weight and ca n't see the display . It 's not lit so you can see the caller 's ID ! I returned it !
 The Phone looks great . It rings when someone calls . You can dial out . You get a dial tone . But oops , no one can hear you when you are talking . You can hear them but they ca n't hear you . I called the 1-800 # to ask what might be wrong . Of course I put new energizer batteries in it , I plugged it up right . It has to be the part you talk into . I 'm sending it back . Hope I get one that actually works .
 I thought this product would look great on my desk , and it did.But , unfortunately , it did n't work . I sent it back and Amazon credited my account without any problems .
 my husband hates this phone because the numbers do not light up at night when you are trying to dial . Only the caller ID is lit . The style is really cute but we dont use it now .
 I love the design of the phone and the caller ID feature . However , I could not get a dial tone because the button kept getting stuck . I even tried some WD 40 , which loosened it a little , but it still did n't work . Then the caller ID was missing cells so I did n't see the whole number . Now I have to decide do I want to chance and try to get another one . If it worked it would be perfect for my small office and it is so visually appealing . Very sad to give this review because I had high hopes for this phone .
 Like another reviewer said , the phone is too lightweight , and falls off my nightstand as soon as I answer it everytime . What 's worse is the numbers are not in the standard place so dialing by touch is not easy . It also could benefit from a lighted keypad . This is not working for me the way I had hoped ... I wanted a retro look phone with modern features ... . I guess I have to keep looking .
 I have n't receive the package so how im going to write about it . i need information about what happend with it
 I really wanted a vertical easel binder . Too bad this Cardinal seems to be the only one available . It came with the top rivet pulled out of the clasp . Exchanged it for another - same thing . I would have returned the 2nd one for a refund , but as far as I know there is no other replacement available for this poor excuse for workmanship.So , I drilled out the rivet , installed a 6-32 screw and finish washer from the outside with a t-nut on the inside . A dab of epoxy so it wo n't loosen . If I knew I was going to have to ` build my own ' binder I would n't have paid $ 12.72 for it !
 The quality of this item is so poor that the connection between the cover and the spine tore before I could use is it 1 time . IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY .
 I have n't receive the package so how im going to write about it . i need information about what happend with it
 This coin sorter sucks . Keeps jamming and does n't sort properly . Spent more time unjamming it than it would have taken to sort by hand . Threw the device in the trash .
 It 's very cheaply made and you have to put the rolls over the change after the money is sorted , which can be difficult at times . Likely the wiring will be bad .
 Product is not made well at all . Battery cover can not have any weight on it , or it wo n't work . We have to put a small folded piece of paper under it on one side so that there is no pressure on battery cover , then it will work . What a pain .
 This keeps jamming and does n't sort properly . Too many coins end up in the wrong cylinder . Do n't waste your money on this thing .
 I purchased this for about $ 20.00 . And I followed the directions carefully . Despite that , a coin slipped into the mechanism . There was no way to remove it , even though I tried that as carefully as possible.I threw the device in the trash . I did keep the plastic tubes that the holds the coins , and I now separate coins by hand . The advantage of the tubes is that they hold exactly the right number of coins , so you avoid counting them .
 I had this this a couple years ago and it kept jamming on me .
 I bought this money mill bank for my husband to help organize his change . He used it for about a week , but from the beginning the motor would get stuck on when nothing was in the bank . Sometimes it would shut off if we shook it , but other times , we had to take out the batteries to get it to stop running . Then my seven-year-old nephew played with it for a few hours -- repeatedly putting coins in , sorting them all , then dumping them and putting them all back through , and it stopped working completely . It would probably have been more worthwhile for us to get a slightly more expensive model that would be more durable .
 I am still amazed that we can put a man on the moon , map the entire human genome , but how hard is it to build a coin sorter that works . This is our second sorter , I 'm here looking for a third . It just does n't work . It jams , not just in one place , but in two . It jams at the top and it jams in the ramp that moves the coins . I find dimes in the pennies , pennies in the nickels , and nickels in the quarters . Sometimes the coins just fly out and end up on the floor . The only way I 've got it to work is to sort the coins first , then load just one wrapper and hold my hand over the top of the wrapper and guide the coins in . Half the time I just use this thing to hold the wrappers while I load the coins by hand.I can say that one of the contributing problems is the wrappers themselves . The ones I see advertised here are constructed by wrapping a length of paper . This causes the wrappers to not be fully open and sometimes that causes the coins , even when they make to the correct container , to stack up and not drop cleanly into the wrapper . All in all , I would not recommend this .
 I got this for my son and he did have fun with it , but I spent a lot of time trying to unjam the coins from the mechanism . As an actual coin sorter it stinks . The number of coins -LRB- or even the types of coins -RRB- that end up in each roll is fairly inconsistent . Also , it comes with a top to keep little fingers out of it , but there is no way to keep the top on , so my son got his finger caught by the rotating coin sorter once and was pretty scared until I could pry his finger out of it.I would n't reccomend it .
 I really like the idea of the money mill bank but after using it a few times I noticed a crack in the plastic all the way down one side and another one starting at the top where the lid fits . If it did not break I would be very happy with it .
 Although we carefully followed the instructions to pour in just a few coins at a time . In the 2nd batch of 5 coins , the machine gagged on a dime and became inextricably jammed . Disappointing since we once had a similar sorter that worked well for a long time .
 Purchased this item to replace an old one which ceased to function . This one was overpriced but available . It arrived on time , but it was in many pieces as it had not been packed properly . The return policy was excellent and I received a refund very quickly . I decided not to replace the bank .
 Nerver did work got this for my husband how embarasingg to have him so very excited but then to not have it work he was so disappointed
 This was defective ; did n't have switch . It was bought and sent as a gift . They did n't keep the box or invoice .
 This is a nice looking lanyard , however , it pulled the hair on my neck and I could n't wear it more than 5 minutes . I had to return the item . On the plus side , customer service was very friendly .
 Second uniden product in 2 months ... to be returned ... battery life of cordless phone is really bad ... lasts about 2 days max ... with prob 3hrs usage ... my old panasonic cordless would go for a week despite constant use ... perhaps panasonic is a more power efficient . So back to panasonic I go . .
 I am not one to review things on Amazon so I must say I feel pretty strongly about this phone . We recently replaced our old phone with those one because it had caller id . This seems to be about the only plus side of it so far . The menus are confusing , there are only three volume settings for the ringer - loud , soft , and off . Loud and soft sound pretty much exactly the same . In addition to that there is no way to turn of the touch pad key tone . This means that everyone knows when I have picked up the phone to make a call because they can hear me dialing clear as day , from across the room . I called customer service and they told me there was no function to turn this off and I would have to buy a different model if I wanted that capability . This is not only a problem because there goes any discreet calling you might need to do , but because we have pets and the high pitched nature of the dial tone is very agitating to our pets . Additionally , the sound quality seems to be very poor as everything sounds muted and far away no matter how loud the handset volume is up . The call-waiting notifier is highly distracting , especially compared to our previous phone , as it is very loud and causes the person you are speaking to to drop out completely , meaning you are left with holes in your conversation . And this is just the base and corded part of the phone , it terrifies me to think of the quality level of the cordless handset , which I have yet to bother trying . I absolutely do not recommend this phone .
 This model seemed a good value for the money at first . After less than a year , though , it started dropping out on one end or both at the same time , without warning or predictability . Sometimes I can hear the caller , sometimes she can hear me , sometimes neither of us can hear the other . I have n't suffered the problems others mention with the cordless handset , but then I follow a simple rule - keep the charger where you are most likely to keep the handset , and put the handset in the charger when you are not using it ! It 's that simple . Short battery life is a pain , but short memory is the real culprit here . If you are going to leave the phone lying around anywhere and everywhere , buy another charger to put in the handset 's most likely `` second home . '' This is a good rule for all cordless phones , not just this model.However - this model is very disappointing . I 've heard the higher-end Unidens , like the DECT2088 , are solid . Try one of them instead of this . You 'll pay a good deal more , but you wo n't have to buy another phone in a year . I 'll be keeping this for emergencies , but it 's going in the storage closet once my new phone arrives .
 We purchased this phone less than a year ago . From the moment we got it , it had issues.The product base would not stay on so the corded part of the phone was always tipping over . The volume level of the tones when you dialed was always very loud , but when the call went through the volume of the call was extremely low . This occurred even after trying to adjust the volumes . It was n't adjustable.The other problem was the materials the phone was composed of . It was defintely made of inferior plastic . It felt as if it was going to break every time you handled it.The corded part of the telephone lasted less than a year . I finally ended up throwing it out last week after the volume finally gave out and nothing could be heard on it.All in all , a poor telephone . I would not recommend it to anyone !
 I wish that I could warn everyone against this product , the manufacturer and the seller . The cordless phone never worked . When I looked in the maual it referred me to an 800 number . When I called the 800 number it referred me to the page in the manual that had the 800 number . When I finally got Uniden support they had no suggestions other than that I return the unit . I contacted the seller -LRB- Electronic express -RRB- and they offered to pay for the return . I returned the unit . To their credit they sent back another corded and cordless unit but it took them forever . In the meantime the corded unit began to stop functioning every couple of days . Then it would start again . When I got the new units the cordless phonje did not work , just like the first one . And within a few days the corded one began malfunctioning intermittently just like the first one . When I called the seller again it took over ten days for them to get back to me . Just long enough for the product to be ineligble for return and replacement . Smart timing ey?Stay away from Uniden . You can make up your own mind about Electronic Express but I wo n't buy from them again.Uniden CXAI5698 5.8 GHz Extended Range Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering SystemUniden CXAI5198 5.8 GHz Analog Cordless Phone with Corded Base and Answering System
 I bought this phone as a refurbished since I 've never had a problem when purchasing refurbished . At first , both phones worked fine . Then after 2 weeks , the speaker on the Corded phone went out . A few days later , the cordless phone stopped working . Needless to say , I 've cut my losses and will never buy anything refurbished from this seller again .
 This is my second Uniden phone and both have battery problems after one year . Battery packs are 8-15 bucks , why not switch to `` AAA '' batteries Uniden ???? The corded handset is cheaply constructed , the reception is subject to interference , and handset talk time is shorter than advertised , more . I switched to the competitor and I am happy with the product -LRB- s -RRB- . You can read my other reviews if you can find the one or two I wrote . Seldom do I complain or buy something I have n't researched thoroughly , but I did make a mistake buying these two units !!
 The reception on this phone is not very good , and the cordless handset does not work very well . The caller id has never worked on the cordless handset . Otherwise , it 's ok . I would n't reccommend this product .
 I just got back from returning this phone . I purchased it at the local BJ 's for $ 42 , it was n't worth that . The person I was talking to sounded like they were in a hole and the battery did n't last long at all , probably because of the photo storage and other features . I liked the concept of downloading songs and pictures to attach to callers , but I need it to work well first .
 Very cheap product . Fell apart within the first week of using it . The rubber fell off . I am not satisfied
 Door stop seems well made - but will not stay locked in up position . Appears to be a design flaw .
 - IF YOU NEED A LITERATURE ORGANIZER
 These are cheap mailboxes and I dont recomment them . Maybe for short-term use , but not for long term . The back is hard to mount to any wall , and break easily . Buy a more sturdy mail box holder .
 this thing was not worth my time and effort . frankly you should be embarrassed for selling it . it is impossible to put together . the pegs dont stay in the holes . even with the glue . nothing lines up . i would get rid of the whole line .
 Organizer was poorly constructed with holes to build set in the wrong place . Had to re-drill some holes to make it all fit together and it is still cock-eyed .
 Item was received damaged and defective . I called the company , guy on phone was nice ; however , the person he talked to about my problem said that I was not assembling correctly . They wanted to ship another one , but I was able to assemble where we could use anyway . We needed shelving immediately . The item is shoddy and I do not understand why any company would want to send this product out with their name on it . It says it holds up to 200 pounds and it is already buckling under the little weight we have on it . Little value for money spent . It is cardboard for the shelves .
 Big waste of money . If I could give it 0 stars I would . Particle board sides/top/bottom ... supposed to be held together with a little tube of glue and small wooden pegs ... yeah right ! Trays are cardboard . Do yourself a favor and stay away from it .
 I bought this for work to organize lesson plans for my teachers , it was easy to put together but was not stable and sturdy . Should have paid the extra money for the real wood .
 This unit is complete garbage . It is a few pieces of plywood , dowels , finishing nails , and lots of cardboard . They actually included glue in the building materials . GLUE !! Do yourself and your co-workers a favor and spend the extra $ 20 - $ 30 dollars and get a nicer literature organizer.I honestly would 've felt cheated even if i only paid $ 10.00 dollars for this unit .
 Very disappointed in the quality of this product . It is very cheaply made and likely will not last even a year . The inner partitions are made of lightweight cardboard , and the outer case is an inferior form of particle board . Do not waste your money on this poorly made product .
 This is absolute garbage . I chose this product for it 's reasonable seeming price and function . The inserts are made form cardboard and the frame is made from the cheapest particle board imaginable , it 's possible that it is constructed from pencil shavings and Elmer 's glue . After assembly , I noticed that one of the corners was not square so I applied a bit of force to the top only to find that the dowel in the upper right hand corner had broken through the particle board ; the hole had been improperly drilled , it was too short for the dowel which having no other place to go chose to liberate itself from the confines of cheep particle board and veneer . Now our letter organizer is not only ugly , cheap , poorly engineered + constructed , it 's broken . I work at a start-up and did n't want to pay a lot for this type of utility but looking back I probably should have . This is a completely worthless piece of garbage .
 I had one before , but this one was designed very poorly and I had to garbage it in about 2 weeks of use
 You get what you pay for . Had to reinforce the whole thing and was able to hang it up on the wall in a medical office . Fellowes - shame on you for making and selling such a cheaply made product .
 I purchased this for our business and once I received it I immediatly sent it back . Outside the fact that it was very cheap materials -LRB- should have know since it was cheaply priced -RRB- , it was also poorly manufactured . The sides were bowed and we could n't even put it together with it leaning . It would have been worth it to spend a little bit more and get a quality product .
 I was a little disappointed with this purchase . I was hoping it would last me a few years , I 'm not so sure it will . When putting it together the glue and four little wooden pegs would not support the frame up . I had to add 6 screws to hold the shelf together . After doing that it still was a little flimsy , but it did stand up . When purchasing it I did n't realize that the actual letter compartments are only made out of cardboard . We will see if it lasts ...
 The company I work for recently purchased two of these literature organizers for use in one of the departments . I was given the task of assembling them and putting them in place . While I have assembled many pieces of furniture in my lifetime , this was by far the lowest quality . This product is easy to assemble but does n't have features that make it durable for long-term use . The shelves are cardboard , and the so-called `` label channels '' -LRB- also part of the structural rigidity of the piece -RRB- often pop off when removing items from the unit causing the related shelf to immediately bend under the weight . Also , the glue that comes with this item is of poor quality . Use a professional wood glue instead . Overall , I 'd say that this item is a waste of money . If you 're purchasing this unit for your office I 'd recommend buying something more durable . Spend the extra money and buy an alternative item that will last for more than a year .
 THIS PRODUCT FALLS APART THE MINUTE YOU PUT ANYTHING ON IT . POORLY CONSTRUCTED AND NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO HOLD EVEN FEATHERS !
 I 'm requesting a return for this product after attempting to assemble it for the past 20 minutes . The item is shipped with only dowels and craft glue to assemble . It is impossible to hold together . All of the shelves and compartments are made of cardboard . Not heavy duty , laminated cardboard . That might have passed as acceptable . Box grade cardboard that crumbles as you handle it . I have never been so disappointed . The product is impossible to assemble and if you manage to get it to stay together with the glue and toothpicks , it will crumble under the weight of 10 sheets of paper .
 Two years ago I purchased a mail cart which has since been discontinued . I was so pleased with it I looked for a product that would be similar . I thought this would be the one . I do n't recommend it . The cart was more expensive , cheaply made and difficult to put together . I am very disappointed .
 I have bought and used these organizers before , but I 'm afraid the quality has really deteriorated in the past decade . First order arrived damaged and had to be replaced . Second order arrived in good condition , but it is not possible to assemble it correctly because the dowels provided are too small for the drilled holes . No amount of glue can compensate for this flaw . I do n't know whether to reinforce it with angle brackets , or send the dumb thing back and give up .
 Made of cheap cardboard . Could MAYBE support the weight of a very small stack of paper on each shelf , 20 sheets would be my best guess at the max number of sheets of paper per shelf without the whole thing collapsing in a matter of months . Returned this because it was not described at the time as being made out of cardboard .
 terrible instructions . terrible glue ; when it fell , wood crumbled into pieces . I took black dividers and having a fellow church member help build me one . I lost ALOT of $ $ $ $ because this item is GARBAGE , DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!! WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!! I NEVER DOG AN ITEM BUT WHEN IT COLLAPSED IT HARMED ME TOO ...
 Every phone I have ever owned or any product I have ever owned from Southwestern Bell breaks in a few months . I will never buy from them again .
 Worst phone I ever bought . Wish I had read the reviews . Constantly losing its security code so you ca n't dial out on it .
 Compared to my 900 Mhz Spread Spectrum Phone this phone is a poor substitute . The box does NOT brag about having DSS technology . Yes , it is 2.4 Ghz but not DSS . My 900 Mhz DSS phone was crystal clear 150 away from my house , but the signal of this phone becomes broken and distorted with static only 50 feet from the base unit . I 'm returning it to where I purchased it . I 'll buy a unit that has Digital Spead Spectrum .
 Ouch . I 'm returning my GH2400 . Audio quality is erratic , and the the volume control ca n't be adjusted while one is talking -LRB- dumb -RRB- . My Sony 900 mhz is so much clearer .
 I have had this phone for about a year and a half . I have been very happy with the phone 's performance until I recently needed to find new batteries . The replacement batteries are a non-standard size and are difficult to find . Most cordless phone batteries consist of 3 or 4 AA-sized battery configs with a jack . Thia phone has a 3-AAA config and I have yet to find - even on directly through SW Bell or on the web . Buyer beware .
 We bought this phone at -LSB- local store -RSB- about a year ago . It worked great for the first eight or nine months and then the battery started to die in the middle of conversations . Now when the phone rings and you pick up the receiver the phone makes a very loud beep in your ear . Many times , when you dial a number for some reason it will only dial the first few numbers , so you are sitting there waiting for the call to go through when in fact it only dialed five numbers . I have to agree totally with the person who said good luck getting a battery . I have searched high and low -LSB- local stores -RSB- and unless you want to spend -LSB- price -RSB- on a custom made battery forget it . The SWB website does n't even list this model.This phone is good for two things . Either take it out fishing with you and use it as a boat anchor , or ... This phone is a joke . Do n't waste your time like we did .
 The day I bought this phone , it did not work . It had 10x more static than a cell phone ! This is more of a `` CAPTIVITY '' phone than a `` FREEDOM '' phone ! ...
 Throwing this phone against a concrete wall brought a level of satisfaction that normal use was never able to deliver . Stay away from this phone ! Primary problem was with picking up a dial tone - it rarely did . It did have one benefit - it should be marketed as an exercise device . When a call comes in it will force you to run for the corded phone .
 I purchased this phone because of it 's cost . From now on , cost will be not be the thing that I care most about . When I plugged the phone in the amount of noise was unbearable . Stay away ... Stay far away .
 I bought this phone about 18 monthes ago and about a year ago it started acting funny . Every so often , I would place or answer a call and the person on the other end of the conversation could n't hear me . I could hear them just fine . There does n't seem to be any rhyme or reason to the silence . I 'm buying another phone today !
 We purchased this file to store sensitive items and were counting on the lock to work . You 'd think it would for an item of this price , right ? The first safe delivered to our home had a broken lock -- when the safe was locked , if you tugged firmly on the lower drawer , both drawers popped out of the cabinet . The lock was effectively useless . We thought this was just a defect with our individual item and sent this back for a replacement of the same model . The replacement file did the exact same thing -- tug firmly on the locked lower drawer , and both drawers come flying out together . Try it on your safe -- I 'll bet it 'll happen too.Needless to say , we are sending this back for a refund . I ca n't believe that a pricey SentrySafe has such a cheap and useless locking mechanism . If the lock works this poorly , I wonder how well the fireproof aspects of the safe work !
 When it says that this filing cabinet accommodates legal folders , what it actually means is , after you receive the item , you can fill out a form requesting `` free rail modifiers '' which will take an additional 4 to 6 weeks to arrive . I think this should have been disclosed up front .
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 I have been using poly mailers for some time now , these are the worst ! Transparant allowing product to be seen through the mailer , not what my customers will like at all !! Bad adhesive , can pull open easily . I would not reccommend this item and seller , seek a different supplier .
 very thin bag & when it says 100 - 7.5 x10 .5 bags , I expected to receive 100 counts not 10 counts ???????? I 'm confused ! Misleading title !
 Poly Bags are of poor quality . Bags rip when you pull the white protector off to seal them .
 The poly mailers were jammed & crumpled into their packaging . This caused the mailer 's sealing strips to become uncovered causing the mailers to stick to each other . Most are damaged & unusable!I 'm sure the poly mailers would have been great if they had not arrived damaged . The other items in the package were absolutely fine so that means these were packaged damaged !
 It is very thin and made of plastic.Looks totally different from the picture.Please Do not waste your money .
 seller was quick and the cheapest i found . now on to the product.i 've had this printer dock for about a year and half . we never used the print function , except with the 5 sample sheets that came with the dock . out of those 5 , one turned out . so fast forward to about a month ago , i decided to finally get the 200 pack -LRB- best value to me -RRB- of kodak ink/paper . when i put the new ink cartridge in , it got stuck . it would n't print and i could n't get the ink cart out to mess with it . after contacting kodak about it , they told me to try several steps to free the ink cart . none worked . so they told me i could send the dock/printer to them and for $ 90usd they would fix it . almost the price for a new one to fix what has never worked from day one . i had printed one picture on it . so i was stuck w / the ink and paper -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- . i did remedy the problem . i used two screwdrivers to remove the tab that holds the cartridge then i slowly worked out the ink cart . i then plugged it back into the pc w/o the ink , let it reset , then put the ink back in . no longer having the tab to hold in the ink i now have a screwdriver wedged to hold it in . i also have to hand feed each 4x6 sheet as the auto feed tray has never once worked . the results are some very marginal looking pics . if i need to print pics after i run out of this paper/ink kit , i 'll be doing it on my hp as it prints great pics.bottom line , stay away from kodak . after 3 digi cams and 2 cam docks , i 'm switching to anyone but kodak .
 I was pleased with getting my order on time , but not sure if the ink froze or what but now my Kodak printer dock no longer works . THe one ink just like melted to the picture and now I `` m without a printer and really miss it . Sorry sure wish I knew what happen .
 I had to give it a star just to be able to write my negitive review.I printed 25 and the cartridge quit working and the same thing happened with the 2nd cartridge . Now keep in mind each cartridge is supposed to print 100 photo 's . I was so upset about the whole thing , I just went and bought a new cammera and printer ... . So no I do not encourage any one to purchase this item.I do not give it a star ... I give it a never ...
 If you need this item quickly , FORGET ABOUT IT . Even with `` expedited shipping '' -LRB- 1 to 3 days -RRB- it will take more than a week for you to get it . I placed the order on a Thursday , and needed the tape for a major project that was due the following Tuesday . It 's Friday now and I still have n't received it . I do n't know if the product is any good because I did n't get the damn thing . If I could give this company -10 stars or more , I would . Rest assured , I will be asking for a refund for the so called `` expedited shipping '' . Fortunately I found a local source that had something similar.Addendum : After complaining about this incident to grafstick , they not only refunded my `` expidited shipping '' , but they refunded all my money and allowed me to keep my order as a gift . Although I still have n't recieved it to this day and it 's been over a week since I 've needed it . For this , I 'll give them one more star for okay service .
 I love this pen , but it does n't seem to have much ink and one of the pens in the pack did n't work at all - I wish they did , I would order more . Also , too expensive to return , not worth the money .
 I use plastic file boxes for my paperwork and carry them to and from my car daily . This one was a big disappintment . It is flimsy . The hanging file track does n't go completly around the inside . As a result , it holds fewer files and they have a tendency to drop off the track at the front and back . Additionally , it was way overpriced . I did much better at Office Depot .
 The Amazon write up says they are two-sided as in earlier versions of Kodak Anytime Picture Paper but this batch even says on the instruction sheet NOT to print on the non-glossy side .
 Waste of money and time . IT does not peel evenly from the dispenser and its pretty weak . I bought a 22yd one and never had a single satisfactory use .
 It is too weak . It peels from the dispenser unevenly and often breaks in the middle . Do not waste your time and money with this .
 I was very disappointed because I had expected something bigger so it could also hold several games . On the upside , it is sturdy so it is protective for the gameboy . It ust does n't hold enought games .
 I gave this item 1 star because Ace Digital is the seller and they sent me the wrong phone , did n't check into getting me the correct phone and after 3 phone calls to them to try to order the correct phone , I just bought it somewhere else . Then upon returning the phone to Ace Digital , they tried to charge ME for the shipping !
 Was great at first , I gave it 5 stars . My last remark in my review was were see how it holds up WELL IT DID N'T . You get what you pay for
 I bought it just a year ago . Great audio and great battery length . After a year only one of the three headsets has audio coming in . If someone calls and you press `` talk '' on the other two headsets , you will not hear anything but the person on the other line will hear you . Disappointed .
 This phone system is now in a box where all my old and failed electronics go . You could be 2 feet from the base and all handsets still sounded scratchy like an old cell phone . I have a 2.4 ghz and a 900mhz phone in the house and they work like a champ and have been where the Uniden base was ... so its not the location.If I could give this product a zero star I would !
 this item isnt working , i wasted my money , i had to pay for another barcode scanner
 I bought this for my boyfriend , who always loses his wallet . He has used it for less than a week and the fabric loop that connects it to the chain broke today . It is clearly poorly made and does n't serve its purpose . I would n't recommend it especially considering the price .
 The material scratches cc so bad they only last 2-3 months before unreadable . The magnet catch has already torn off . The retractable device is more of nuicesnace than anything elese , it is bulky and makes grabing your wallet even harder.Customer service ??????????????? where are you . Do not buy .
 Many people object to wearing leather , and I am one of them . I will buy this product when it 's full plant or synthetic materials .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 After researching several expandable cordless/answering systems , I purchased this -LRB- plus an extra handset -RRB- from Amazon in May 2005 and have been using it on all 3 floors of a 3000-sq-ft home . It worked great for the first 2.5 years or so - good sound quality and range -LRB- I can even go to the mailbox -RRB- , intercom feature , wall-mountable base , headset jacks , ability to label the phones with more than just a handset number -LRB- i.e. `` Kitchen '' , `` Living Rm '' , etc. -RRB- , easy set up . But then , the charger bases started failing - they would actually DISCHARGE the batteries of the handsets I placed in them !! To charge each of the handsets now , I have to rotate them through the base charger , as that 's the only charger that works . Pretty inconvenient , as you can imagine . Especially one day last week , when I was on a 6-hour conference call , and had to switch handsets 3 times as the batteries started running down , one by one . I finally ran out of charged handsets and had to drop off the call and join back in with my cell phone . Good grief.I went to the Uniden website to research the problem and there was actually a FAQ about this -LRB- thus , it must be a pretty prevalent problem ! -RRB- . The only answer the company had was to clean the terminals on the charging units with a damp cloth . -LRB- Nope , did n't work . -RRB- While I was on the site , I checked to see if there were extra cradles available for sale but did n't see them . Not that I would seriously buy them ... they 'd probably cost $ 20 + each , and for that , I 'd be well on the way to buying a whole new phone system.This is an overpriced , unreliable , and apparently disposable phone system . I ca n't imagine , with all the great DECT 6.0 systems out there now that are priced far less than this , that anyone would still seriously consider this system . But just in case , a word to the wise
 Just move on to Panasonic . Uniden products are little more than near-future land fill , shrink-wrapped , packages of crap . And one more thing , they ca n't be returned . So you are really stuck with it . The warehouse that mails these out has a poor return/refund policy . You have been warned . Now it 's up to you .
 Initially , we were thrilled with this phone . Great sound quality , easy to use , etc. . Then -LRB- right after the warranty expired , of course -RRB- they started to go , one by one . At first , they cut out sporadicaly . Then , we could hear the people on the other end , but they could n't hear us . Within days they were totally dead . We have contacted the company , who gave us some `` tests '' to run on the phones . Nothing , not even fresh batteries in all handsets , has worked . Plus , the company refuses to replace them . Grrrrr .
 This is the worst set of phones I ever owned . I had to ship three phones back to the warranty repair -LRB- at my cost -RRB- . The phones will soon be out of warranty . I suppose that is why they give you a set of 4 phones . By the end of the year , you might have one left working . So , if you are interested in having 4 working phones , you better buy 12 of them !! Save your money . Buy Vtech instead .
 I ordered this phone for my mom based on previous reviews here , the price -LRB- $ 84.99 -RRB- and my prior experience with Uniden . Everyone I know who has a Panasonic cordless seems to have a muffled sound when they speak so that 's why I do n't consider Panasonic cordless phones . I also liked the idea of having three handsets -LRB- and their batteries -RRB- as cordless phones always seem to need recharging.The pros - Each handset has a speakerphone and programmed numbers can easily be copied from handset to handset.The base is light , constains a digital answerer , and all equipment can be adjusted for ringtones.The con - The reception is not so hot . When my mom calls , I hear hiss and a connection that has light occasional cracking sounds . In other words , it 's not crystal clear . It almost has the quality of a cellphone.Other people have told her they ca n't hear her well . I 've tried moving the base around , but to no avail.My guess is that to keep the price low , Uniden skimped on the microphones built into these handsets , and the transmitter is not one of the best . This is the first product I 've ever returned to Amazon.com and I think that says alot.I have a general request addressed to Amazon 's shipping dept.This item arrived in a generic Amazon box that was over 2x the size of Uniden 's box . This ensured that the Uniden box was knocked around during shipping as there was n't enough bubblewrap to prevent it . Would it be possible in the future to custom match an Amazon box to the manufacturer 's packaging , so that the resulting package ships more securely ?
 I love this product for all the same reasons everyone else recommends in their reviews except for one very important thing . The batteries suck . I have had this phone for a little over a month and already one of the phone 's batteries is completely drained and another is on its way . I did charge the handsets for the recommended period before using them so that is not the problem . Here 's the kicker I went on Uniden 's website to order another battery and of course they are backordered and I have to get in line and pay them to secure my ordering position . What a bunch of garbage . These are solid phones but the battery problem is unacceptable .
 I suffered bad audio quality and a fair amount of interference on these phones . I suspect your luck will depend on your house and what goes on in it and around it ; clearly they work well for some people . I had an older 2.4 gig phone that worked better -LRB- but not great -RRB- and now have a 5.8 gig uniden phone that is working much better . I suspect that my neighbors ' wireless networks are causing my problems.That being said , there were some things I liked about these phones . The range was excellent , and I liked the styling of them . Overall industrial design is imperfect -LRB- they 're really a bit too small to use comfortably as a home phone -RRB- but as far as looks , they 're elegant and almost cute.Ergonomics and software design are only o.k. ... better than many phones , but still a bit clunky and unintuitive.My new 5.8 gig unidens do much better in my space , and do not suffer random interference from my microwave and from god-knows-what . They are more comfortable for me to hold , and the software is more intuitive . Setup took less time . Unfortunately they cost substantially more , and are uglier . Give a little , take a little .
 I have had a few Uniden phones in the past and this one started out great . After about 9 month it started to cutout . To me it was like I was talking to someone on a cell phone and the signel was hit/miss ... then I was on the other end of the phone call . I could hear my wife -LRB- on this Uniden phone system -RRB- just fine , but she could not hear me more then half the time.We tried moving the phone to other phone jacks , reseting it , even taking it to another house and trying it there ... it was no use , the phone base was a goner.I did take the actual phone and program it to my family 's base -LRB- as they have the same system -RRB- and the phone itself seemed to work fine then . So it must be something with the base and the incoming signal.About a month later the same then happened with my sisters phone system and then my parents ... 3 phone systems ... all 3 dead ... Dont waste your money on `` this '' system .
 I returned these phones due to their tinny quality and echo . They are also so small they are hard to hold without hands and the buttons are tiny .
 This worked well for a few months . Then one of the phone 's screen just showed gibberish instead of the number dialed or calling . A few months later , the main phone just stopped working completely . I finally gave up and purchased a new system .
 Ehhh ... so so.The 3 units are nice , the walkie talkie take to the beach is nice and locate a unit from another is nice . But the quality is so so.The answering machine is muffled and difficult to understand many messages . Same for outgoing message . batteries do n't hold up long enough either . Wish I 'd purchased a different system .
 If you 're running 802.11 a/b/g anywhere near these phones you will get nothing but static . Amazon graciously accepted the return and I ordered Panasonic 5.8 ghz phones -LRB- through Amazon of course -RRB- which work wonderfully and DO NOT pick up any static from the home wireless network/router .
 Phone worked fine initially , then one unit went out - could hear , but could not speak . Another phone had inconsistent sound quality and faded in/out . Use manual did not address the issues . Calls to support revealed complex reset processes not included in the manual . Two hours later we had all phones working well again.Then they went out again this week with similar problems , plus no dial tone.Additional call to Uniden and they are sending a replacement set to us .
 This phone has terrible static in most places regardless of channelchange . It also had many dead spots . Okay near the base . Whyget a cordless phone ??? Okay we do have wireless internet , but the more expensive 5.8 GHz is not suppose to interfere with this.Worst cordless phone I ever purchased . In fact , soon to be returned !
 The volume is so low on this phone it 's almost unusable . The earpiece makes everybody sound like they 're wispering .
 This is the worst set of phones -- constant static and , after approx . 6 months of use , the batteries do n't last more than a few hours at a time . Waste of money .
 These are terrible phones . They crackle and have a large amount of background noise . The Caller ID menu does not display well either . Maybe they interfere with our wireless network . There is no clear channel on them . They are pretty much unusable . I did n't pay much for them but it was all wasted .
 I bought this phone 6 months ago and I wish I had kept the recept so I could return it . First off , you can not keep it on the charger or the battery will only allow you to talk for 20-30 minutes before dying . When it dies it will give you a couple of beeps notice then it shuts off . If you do not hang up before it shuts off then your phone line is unusable . You actually have to unplug the phone from the phone line just to recieve or call on other phones . I have never heard of this happening before and my friends and family are tired of talking to me only to hang up on them without warning because my phone is beeping and I know I only have a few seconds to hang up or risk losing my phone line for hours . I would have given this phone zero stars if I could have . I would recommend spending a few extra dollars and go with another expandable system . Do n't make the same mistake I made .
 I was looking for a less expensive solution for holding a white board . Unfortunately , this easel is so flimsy that I will likely need to purchase a different type .
 We were looking for a heavy duty easel for our son to use during speech tournaments . He uses foam core boards during his presentations , and this one looked like it would work out well . There was plenty of room for the boards , but unfortunately , the internal elastic string broke after he used it the first time , and we could n't fix it . Time to look for another easel .
 Bought 4 of them to display a simple poster board , after a few uses all the clips that snap into place to hold the poster boards up broke . every single one of them , this is the worse Easel out there . I cant find any replacement parts either .
 We purchased 5 of these easels . Two already snapped - the bungee rope that holds it together popped off the end . It 's not abuse , we only used them about 5 times . Hope the last three fare better . Perhaps they might if we never collapse them .
 I buy tons of stuff on amazon . This this is terrible . Pinched my fingers getting the holders open , and the thing 's only link point is way at the top so it wobbles around like a chandelier . DO NOT BUY .
 The leg poles are held together by shock cord . If you store the product collapsed the tension will cut the cord across the metal ends of the poles . I have used my 3 easels twice and the shock cord is frayed at the joints and has already been cut through on one stand 's back leg . I expect all 3 to fail in this same way.Bought these to hold white boards at a 500 person event . Stability is OK , but requires careful setup .
 If you are looking to buy a phone that will last up to and more then two years , look elsewhere . We bought a three phone set and my mother bought a two phone set and the screen on ALL five phones can not be read . All you see is random dots and dashes . Caller ID is worthless now . I could understand if only one phone crapped out , but all five ?! It did n't just go blank , little sections of the screen went a bit at a time . Probably started a year in . Beware !
 The phone is labeled as Telephone and Accessory Handset but that is not what is on the box . It says very clearly `` does not work independently '' and it does not say that on product description.I have a regular GE 29267GE3-B and that is why I chose GE over Panasonic . Sadly I have to return it because I only need one phone and this is a phone to buy if you already have the base station and what to add another handset .
 Purchased 2 GE cordless hansets 5.8 GHz 28001EE1Only one of the units work , The other did not . After contacting Amazon and then the seller and then GE I ended up having to pay shipping and insurance I sent it to `` Thompson Product Exchange '' as directed and hope for a replacement at some future date , perhaps 4 to six weeks if ever.Will make any future purchases at local retail establishments.goodbye !
 Right out of the box the answering machine did n't function . Called their worthless technical support who could offer nothing more than `` unplug the phone '' as a solution.NOTE
 I originally gave this phone a good review but after eight months I had difficulty hearing when using the handset . Then I could not retrieve messages remotely . `` Support '' at Thomson is poor . For warranty service you must package , insure and mail the unit back to them using the original box if possible . Then wait four to six weeks to get a new or repaired unit back .
 This phone is garbage . If I had to do it all over again , I would put more money in to buy a panasonic phone . The phone has lot of static and people I talk to complain that they ca n't hear me well . I also have an ATT phone on the same line , and that one works great !
 I bought this phone about nine months ago . At first it was great . Good sound quality , the battery had a very long life , and little to no call interference . I used it fairly gently for those nine months but now the battery wo n't even last one hour and when fully charged -LRB- and when not -RRB- some of the displays -LRB- caller ID names & numbers -RRB- are missing . I could replace the battery -LRB- $ 19.99 for one that is n't even OEM -RRB- but more than likely that would n't solve the display problem . Also , it was nearly impossible to find this battery , I can only find it online and could not find any OEM batteries online . I would pursue the warranty but honestly the time and effort is n't worth it . I will just buy and new NON GE cordless . I DO NOT recommend buying this phone !
 I purchased this product because I liked the features and design . However , since it was purchased , the battery goes dead after only being in use 30 minutes or less . It is VERY ANNOYING to be talking to someone and hear the phone start to beep knowing it 's about to die on you . I contacted manufacturer which is NOT GE but Thompson Inc. and they were not willing to replace my bad battery stating `` batteries are n't included in the warranty '' . When you purchase a product , enough testing should be done to ensure good battery quality since that IS part of the product you are paying for . Obviously these people do n't really care about return customers . I have read other reviews where the same problem was listed so obviously this company is only interested in getting your money in hopes that you will again buy a sorry battery from them.I would not recommend purchasing this product and I will be staying away from all GE products from now on . It seems when the company sold part of their corporation to Thompson , out went the customer service , and quality control as well . They should not even be allowed to use the GE name because they are giving them a poor image .
 I bought two of this , but both came with batteries bad , good volume but bad product , with this experience this was my last time to buy GE wireless phones .
 Purchased this item after long and satisfactory experience with Uniden products . Good functions and easy to use , but very noisy and poor reception . Not recommended .
 We bought this phone thinking it was a great deal . It gets horrible reception even when right next to the receiver . The volume level on it is so low that I have to be in a room with no other noise in order to hear someone speak . It was a complete waste of money and now I have to spend money on another phone and throw this one out .
 Consider this before buying it
 I thought this phone was a great deal at $ 49.95 from Circuit City , that is , till I got my first call . The voice on the other end sounded so tinny and soft . I immediately clicked the volume button to increase the volume , but found that by doing so introduced some sort of feedback thru the speaker . My own voice was being affected by this interference . I never said anything to my wife , but she said the same thing to me after using it for a day and taking calls from other people . I took it back to Circuit City and ended up buying an AT&T E2725B set from Wal-Mart for $ 67 . There is a world of difference in the quality of the sound . The Uniden set sounded like a really cheap phone in comparison .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE BOUGHT ONE FOR MY MOM AND ONE FOR ME . THE RECEPTION IS HORRIBLE AND ALL I CAN HEAR IS STATIC SAME WITH HERS !!!!!
 This has the WORSE reception of any phone I 've ever had and that includes a $ 5 stationary dial phone ! It 's cheap plastic and for the price , not worth it ! I already have a Uniden that has lasted and done well for quite awhile , but this one is junk . The `` second '' phone is pointless . Transferring a call from one to the other is a waste of time . I took it back after 3 days and bought an ATT !
 I purchased this phone because I wanted a relatively simple and reliable cordless phone/answering system with good sound quality . I found that the answering system is easy to use and the sound quality is acceptable -LRB- although not excellent -RRB- . I was very disappointed with the sound quality of the phone itself , however . Like another reviewer , I could hear a very noticable and annoying distortion in the sound which in my case occurs whenever the other party is speaking . This problem showed up after about a month of use . I tried the tricks of changing channels and moving the phone location , to no avail . The phone is currently on its way to Memorex for repair . Based upon this experience , I would not recommend this phone to a friend .
 They do n't mention it , but this is only an accessory , it will not work alone . If you do n't already have the base unit , do n't get this !
 This phone does not work at all . At first , I thought is was my VoIP when it would disconnect after several minutes of speaking with your party . It did not happen all of the time , but enough to get frustrated . So when I recieved the digital voice service , the same results occurred . In addition , If my wife answered the phone and it was a caller asking for me , I had to talk from the unit that was answered by my wife . The other two -LRB- 2 -RRB- units are therefore deemed useless . Do not waste your money .
 The phone works great , love the conference feature . The biggest downside is that you can only use one phone from the set at a time . So if you have the base unit phone and a couple extra handsets , only one can be in use . If you answer one of the phones and it is for another person , he/she HAS to use the phone you answered . The other phones will not pick up the call . So you have to walk the phone to them even though they might be sitting right next to another handset .
 The quality is bad , the sound is very tunnel-like . Speaker phone sound is illegible . The controls are n't intuitive or simple . Bad phone . I should have spent more money on a better phone .
 I bought this phone primarily because it was the only one available at a local store that had call waiting caller ID.It 's been years since I had a landline , and years more since I 've had to mess with buying a phone . If it tells you anything , the last cordless I had predated the 900 mhtz ones . Yikes!I thought this one would be even more powerful and liked the GE name also . Plus , it 's gotten some good reviews on here and from others , so perhaps I got a squirrelly one , but I do n't think so.Well , here are the drawbacks :1 -RRB- its range is pathetic . I can not move more than 15 feet from the base without being either disconnected OR risking the other person never hearing what I say even though technically we 're still connected ; 2 -RRB- the range of conversation volume is also pathetic . Even set to its maximum level of 4 , the volume control is inadequate . In my house , I have to turn off all noisy electrics in order to consistently hear the caller with whom I 'm speaking . If you regularly have fans going in your house , you will likely be unable to hear what 's being said to you ; AND3 -RRB- the `` earpiece '' is incredibly uncomfortable . I have to reposition the phone time and time again in order to feel moderatly comfortable . This , of course , leads to me being even less able to hear the conversation coming through the ear piece.I must regretfully admit there are NO advantages to this phone . NONE.All in all , purchasing this phone was a terrible mistake . If I could only find my receipt , I would take it back .
 I agree with all the other reviewers that the phone was easy to set up and the calls are very clear . We bought three handsets , and my problem is this
 I live in a hi-rise and I have tried this phone in every jack and every room . The static is so bad I can barely hear the dial tone and changing channels makes no difference . If someone calls me I ca n't hear them until I turn up the volume and the phone does not retain the volume level in memory so you have to turn it up everytime you answer a call . I had a Motorola 900 mhz for years and the reception was great , never had a problem .
 Display eventually stopped working on both phones . Just a bunch or garbled text . I would not recommend purchasing this phone .
 I wanted to upgrade to a 4 handset system , as previously I used a 2 handset 2.4 Vtech ... the Vtech 's were just graet , and even worked well when I took a handset out to my steel building . The Vtech also had a fantastic shared memory , and all my numbers were right at hand in any situation or with either handset.The GE 's are weak , ineffective outside of the house itself -LRB- I hear 5.8 is NOT the panacea it was claimed to be , but expected sufficent power to use the phone OUTSIDE , as well as across my driveway and in my shop -RRB- and frankly , this is a case of more chinese built crap that performs weakly , and inefficiently . These do not deserve to wear the good name of GE -LRB- I still have my parent 's first GE TV , a 1948 16 '' er , and it performs well to this day -RRB- , and each phone has to be set up with it 's own phone book and memory function.Whatta hassle , and setting these numbers up is difficult and even when setting it with the instruction sheet in hand . These phones are absolute garbage.BOYCOTT CHINESE GOODS . . they 've tried to kill our pets , lead poison our children , and now cause harm and death with their low grade drugs.Amazon vendor , however , was prompt and efficient , and in no way failed in any dimension of their duties to the consumer ... BUT THE PRODUCT IS CRAP ... vendor 's service is good , tho.When are we going to wake up , close the ports and borders , protect our language and customs , and repeal NAFTA , -LRB- thank a Clinton for this -RRB- which exported our great manufacturing base and economy to foreign devils that are concerned with only stealing our jobs and wages , and American fat cats , who profit mightily off the foreign fruits of their theivery of our jobs and standard of living , without regard to the millions of American workers who built the highest standard of living on the planet . Soon there 'll be no middle class , just the very rich and the poor and poorer ... and our phones wont even work then ... ever tried to get help with your Vonage ??? Outsourcing will destroy us in the end ... brace yerselves!thank youLower middle and sliding down daily .
 I find the volume of reception varies during a call . I also find the speaker phone volume not loud enough nor constant during a call . Overall , the phone is not quite what I had hoped it would be .
 The phone worked for a month or two , and then the handset stopped seeing the base . When I followed the instructions in the manual to fix this -LRB- re-register the handset to the base -RRB- , neither could see each other.The base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone , but that is useless to me since I need the handset.When I contacted Uniden through their email support , I got no response.I will be buying another phone that is not a Uniden .
 Uniden CLX465 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Color LCD Handset and Dual Keypads -LRB- Silver -RRB- I gave this phone two stars instead of one because of the base three line LCD screen and speaker phone . That is the only good thing I can say about this phone . The hand set has no redial and the color LCD I would rate a 2 out of 10 . The LCD is fuzzy and dated looking . The base unit has an annoying orange color and the LCD is just as bad as the handset only worse because of the terrible color . The direct link is a joke and only works if the phones are not put in the charger or if you do n't make or receive a call . I really wanted to have a phone I could intercom to the kids upstairs , but unfortunately each time somebody makes or receives a call the whole direct link things turns off . To start it again each handset has to be reset , and this can only be done through numerous menu selections . I am looking for a new phone and this one is only a few months old . Also the expandable 400 handset has the same annoying and poor LCD screen and color and also no redial . I would pass on this phone . It 's too bad Uniden did n't put just a little more into the LCD and add a redial button , because the base key pad and 3 line LCD features are what sold me .
 Read all the reviews here , and ordered the phone anyhow . Got it yesterday , charged overnight , tested today . It 's a beautiful phone system and I love everything about it except that it does n't perform it 's most basic function . I have a very small 1000 sq. ft. 1-story house on a small plot . I currently have an old Panasonic 900 MHz , another Panasonic 2.4 GHz , and a cheap GE cordless phone out in the garage . On all of those I have no problem walking around my property line and talking on the phone . The Uniden , unfortunately , starts breaking up as soon as I get 10 feet from the house . During testing , my wife actually said `` I ca n't hear you , I ca n't hear you '' after the phone had cut out completely , while only about 10 feet outside.The phone is gorgeous . I wish I could keep it , but the sound quality at any distance from the base sucks . The only other thing I would note is that the dialing response time is a bit slow , which tends to be annoying . Close enough to the base station the sound quality is good . Since it did n't cut it on distance , I have n't tested any of the other features.I 'm reluctantly sending it back . Every review here about the signal strength/distance issue is right . This phone does n't cut it .
 Got this as an X-mas present . Seems my MIL thought that our current Uniden DCT648-3 took to long to sound the message tone -LRB- 30 Seconds after the machine message finishes -RRB- was bad!So she got us this one . Well after 8 days the phone would no longer connect to the phone line . The screen flashes `` connecting '' for about 10 seconds then displays `` unable to connect '' . Tried different hand sets on the base , same result ! Tried different cables , still the same!So I plugged the Uniden DCT648-3 back in and all is well except the lag time on the recorder . What the hell I like this one it displays the time and is a clear as a bell when talking !
 This phone is garbage ... would give it zero stars if I could . Only one handset can be used at a time , terribly low volume , static , etc. . Also the packaging is horrible . After setting up the phone it is impossible to fit everything back into the package . It was probably designed this way to discourage people from returning this piece of S # ! T !!!!
 Could n't hear a dern thing with the volume on the highest level . Bought a different phone , I 'm not going deaf .
 my sister bought this for me for xmas . i 'm not crazy about them . there okay but you ca n't talk on both at the same time , which stinks for my kids talking to grandma . they do have alot of static and the range , if you can say they have any , is horriable . i can go farther with my older cordless phone . these i ca n't even walk outside . my old phone i can go anywhere outside and it works great . i would not recommand these phones . you can get better phones for the same price or less . keep looking .
 I 'm on the second set in one week ! I bought a single handset version at Target . Static was unbelievable , where ever the base was plugged in , and whichever phone jack I used . Called Uniden support , twice , and they had me standing on my head , holding buttons , reinserting batteries , and then turning the plug upside down . Returned to Target as defective . Bought a 3-handset at Circuit City the next day , charged it up , and the same static . I 've unplugged the DSL , the home security line , everything . Does n't make a difference . I will always read reviews first from now on !
 Terrible phone - do not buy if you can help it . I bought this from Home Depot for ~ $ 50 . I was excited to get the extra handset - something novel at the time for the price . Well , no wonder
 This phone , and many others in the uniden line are simply terrible . I write this review after having owned many Uniden phones and radar detectors , and am sorry to have have found out that the company let a product this bad slip out . The core of the issue is that this phone is not a true 5.8 Ghz phone - part of the transission process is actually conducted in the old 900 Mhz band . Once I found that out , I realized that that was the reason the phone worked worse than any other old cordless I 've ever had going back over ten - fifteen years . Uniden support was of no help - they send a canned e-mail after not reading your question , and they do n't allow replies to that e-mail . Believe it or not , I am trying Uniden again with a new phone starting with the model number `` tru '' - that is in fact a True 5.8 Ghz phone and I am hopeful !
 This phone does not deserve one star , it deserves ZERO . The phone only works for 55 to 60 seconds before the call is cut off . Studied the manual , re-registered the handsets , changed channels and security codes , the works . Called tech support , and they say it must be interference from electronics nearby . Our old phones worked just fine sitting on top of the computer hutch and within a few feet of the microwave -LRB- which is where the jacks are , so we had no choice -RRB- , so why could n't these ? They suggested another room . Ridiculous that we ca n't have a phone in the family room or kitchen , but we tried it . Did n't work in the bedroom , either . Of course not , there 's a CLOCK in there !!! Seems like the phone thinks it 's too far from the base -LRB- even when you are standing right next to it -RRB- . Absolutely worthless . I sure hope Home Depot takes this load of junk back ! Never again will I buy ANYTHING without checking reviews first , no matter how good the sale price !
 Like the last reviewer I got this phone at Target for $ 60 but without reading these reviews first . Big Mistake . It went back the following day ! All the reviews are TRUE , Big time static . and no range at all , out in my front yard phone almost was completely useless . Even just in the next room over from the base there was alot of static . If you get a cordless phone make sure it has digital spread spectrum technology not analog . I got a Panasonic kx-tg2431w in its place and it is a thousand times better !
 Just purchased for $ 60 on sale at Target , and back it goes!Range is 30 feet from base . Static on the line is terrible.Do not buy this product .
 I did n't find the range and static quite as bad as other reviews state , but my biggest problem is that the people you are calling can barely hear you . The microphone in this phone must be terrible .
 I was very disappointed with this phone . The look of the phone is great but the reception is awful . There is terrible static and it does n't go away if you change the channel . My sister got the same phone and has the same problem . When we bought them we were told that 5.8 GHz phones were the best as they do n't get the same amount of interference as other phones . But this phone gets more !
 We owned the Uniden TRU 346 for three years ... so when that Phone went we automatically went for another Uniden . We bought this one and it stinks !!!! We live in a one floor ranch 1100 square feet and i can not go outside either the front nor the back door without serious static !!! I wrote the company and still havent got a response !!!! This phone is NOT WORTH A DIME !!!!
 Had a Uniden for years that we loved and so tried this one . The first one sent was defective . But since we really loved Uniden , tried again . Had to send that one back too . Never got to try it , since both times it would n't work . Definitely can not recommend this one .
 I bought this thinking Uniden was a decent brand and trying not to spend double the money on a VTECH but was disappointed . I liked the style , look , and features but the interference was really bad . Inside the house it worked alright until I tried to use it while laying in bed or on the couch . Also , the minute I stepped into the backyard , it buzzed and hummed and was n't usable . I would n't recommend spending your money on this . I purchased a VTECH ip5825 as a gift for a friend and it 's been a great phone ... spend the extra money .
 I received these as a birthday gift just days ago to replace my outdated 25 channel Panasonics . These are NOT a replacement . These are worse !! They have a lot of nice features , but as phones , work terrible !!! Also , as stated before , you may only use one handset at a time !! WHAT ???? After the initial battery charge of 20 + hours , I installed the base unit and discovered that I could n't move around at all w/o experiencing static . I could n't go outside w/o losing the signal , then was unable to reconnect.I have moved the base unit to another location only to experience the same symptoms.I plan to return these if I can . Do n't waste your hard earned money on these .
 We have the base station with answering machine centrally located in our kitchen/family room . The cordless range only extends 1 room over , and thus we can not use the phone 2 rooms over in the office . The cordless range on our previous phone , a Vtech 5831 , extended more than two times further.On the plus side , the answering machine is fine and , like the Vtech , this phone does not interfere with our wireless .
 Well , I 've learned my lesson . Never buy ANYTHING without checking out the reviews here first.I set this phone up yesterday so I 'd have a reliable phone for an important teleconference this morning . I disrupted the whole meeting since everyone on the call could hear the static and buzzing my phone was emitting . I had to hang up and call back on my home phone just to be heard.I 've had Uniden before and they have been fine , so I ca n't imagine what was wrong with this model , but it 's completely unuseable . I 've already disconnected it and wil buy the Panasonic DEC 6.0 -LRB- Amazon ASIN
 I have owned this phone for about 1 year . The answering machine is now full of static . Most messages left I can not understand . Also , from the beginning I could be sitting a few feet from the base and if I turned my head wrong the line would be full of static .
 I 've tried every place in my house ca n't hear a thing on either handset even with the volume on high . Most of the time all I get is static . I should have read the reviews before I purchased this item . Apparently Uniden does n't intend on staying in business if they allow their name on a piece of garbage like this .
 The only complaint I have about this phone is that I ca n't hear a word anyone is saying . Even on high volume . I 'm getting rid of it .
 I 've had this phone for approx . 9 months now , maybe longer ... and I truly do n't know how I 've stood using this dual phone system for so long . However , tonight I 've taken a giant step `` upward '' towards better quality and design with the Panasonic KX-TG 5432M dual system.This dual handset is the worst I 've ever experienced in a cordless system . From the moment I set it up , the static has been atrocious . Step away from the base unit over ten feet and it sounds like someone gargling gravel or a mad cat hissing in your ear . I ca n't even step into my attached garage to talk with someone without major static to the point of not even being able to be heard by the other person . Even within six feet of the base I receive intermittent static that becomes obnoxious and distracting , not only to me , but to the other person on the other end ... for they hear it too . I will never purchase another uniden product , if this is the non-quality of product they put out . I had a 2.4 mhz system that would outshine this system ... and I wish I 'd never gotten rid of it.As the title says ... If you desire a lot of static when you talk on a phone , this is the system you need to bring that crackling symphony of music to your ear . The melodic consistancy this system creates in ones enjoyment of talking on the phone will not put you to sleep , but rather increase your aggravation of dealing with what sounds like a major electrical storm going on inside your head . Uniden should be ashamed of this product.Stepping down from the soapbox now ...
 - Constant Static - -LRB- my old 900MHz phone had no static -RRB- . - Extremely Low Volume -LRB- even when set to Mazximum Volume people can barely hear me and I can barely hear them -RRB- . - This phone is not useable for us .
 Just picked up this phone at Target tonight . The phone & its base had a great style so we were excited to get it . Looked like a great deal for under $ 60 for two wireless handsets at 5.8 GHz . Apparently you do get what you pay for . I hooked the phones up tonight and walked a mere 5 feet away from the base unit and there was already static . Walked 25 feet away and static was very noticeable . I will be taking this product back to Target tomorrow . Not sure how Uniden can sell a product like this with so much static . I should have read the reviews before buying this phone . You have been warned .
 0 stars . Static , and no distance . This is a terrible product . I have had good experience with Uniden in the past , but this is the worst phone I 've ever seen . The answering machine is not bad if that is all you want .
 We recently purchased this phone . I should have checked the reviews before we bought it . The base was in our living room , and I could n't walk to my back door -LRB- and my house is tiny -RRB- before the static started . Forget walking out my back door , the call would just cut off . It was also very difficult to hear the person on the other line , even with the volume turned up to maximum . In addition , any time the call waiting beep went off , it made a horrible noise like the phone was hanging up -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- . I could n't even walk upstairs without hearing static . It was a complete waste of money , and has since been returned to Target !
 The only good thing about this phone is if you want to reduce the amount of time you are spending on the phone , because after 30 seconds of trying to talking through the static you will want to get off the phone . DO NOT BUY .
 This is the first -- and last -- time I have purchased a Uniden phone . My neighbor and I saw these on sale at Home Depot , and bought them at the same time . She returned hers within a few weeks of setting it up , said she did n't like it . I should have tried mine right away . I had bought it as an `` extra , '' since my Panasonic 2.4 GH set was older & I did n't know how long it would last . I recently moved to a larger home and set the Uniden phone up . What an awful product . Callers could barely hear me , there was static on the line -LRB- oops , must have been that fluorescent energy-saving light in the kitchen -RRB- , and the incoming sound was n't all that great . I did n't bother to try to return it -- the purchase was over a year ago . But you 'd think that Uniden tech support would stop trying to say it 's a problem with where the phone is used . I doubt the other 49 reviewers all live in identical homes in one neighborhood ! My Panasonic phone set is still working fine , and I bought another Panasonic -- a DECT set -- to replace this flawed piece of junk . You get what you pay for . No more Uniden phones for me --
 The DXAI 5588-2 has many nice features . However , I 've purchased many cordless phones in years past and never had a set of 2 that you could not use together . If you are upstairs and your wife takes a call for you downstairs , the upstairs Uniden phone is useless because only one phone can be used for incoming calls .
 We have owned these phones for almost a year . They seemed fine for awhile . I like that they have a volume control . I do n't like that you ca n't listen on both handsets at the same time . These have gotten progressively worse in the static arena . At this point there is a terrible humming on both handsets . Changing the `` channel '' does n't seem to help at all . I would definitely NOT buy these again and would n't recommend them to anyone .
 My wife purchased this cordless phone set for me as a Christams present . Since putting it in operation over two months ago I have had nothing that comes close to quality phone service . None of the three handset will operate ten feet beyond the base station . All the handsets have static and a constant buzzing sound regardless of where they are relative to the base station . I followed every point in the owner 's manual regarding trouble shooting with no success . My calls to Uniden customer service took more than 15 minutes to reach a representative . The end result was that the last of the customer service representative I spoke with told me that the Uniden phone I was using was a high quality product but that the frequency `` just does n't work in your environment . '' I live well out in the country and know of nothing that would interfer with cordless phone operation within miles of my house . Moreover , a Radio Shack cordless phone that I purchased five years ago works perfectly throughout my house . I am out the purchase price , but Uniden has lost a customer .
 I have gone through three over 9months . Tried different stores and made sure the box was factory fresh.the issues listed are the same for all three .1 . extremely POOR voice quality2 . low volume3 . people on other end of line complain of excessive loudness . so the speaker stinks but the mic is good ? 4 . callerid does n't allow me to simply hit TALK after receiving a call.so I if get a call from someone , and I scroll through the list of numbers , it does NOT dial correctly cause it doesnt ' add the 1 . I ca n't figure out how to add the one through the menu.the phone is junk and will be regifted to someone I hate .
 We bought this a BJ 's on a ` look at this deal ' whim . Waited the 20 hours , and what a disappointment . The static is so bad that it is annoying to bother with a call at all ! We tried moving the base around , not moving while talking , everything but standing on our heads ! Back to BJ 's it goes and I think next time I 'll check Amazon reviews first !
 This is my 1st review . We currently have an older EXS 9600 from Uniden and it is a great phone . It 's about 6 years old , dropped occasionally and still working great . But this new Uniden is not like the older models . My wife bought this thinking it must be a good phone because it is from Uniden . How wrong . The reception starts to cut out walking from one room to the next . And do n't even consider walking out to the back patio or into the garage , there is nothing but static . We are going to try another Uniden model recommended in Consumer Reports . It is the DXI7286-2 , $ 39.99 from Amazon . We will write a review on that phone in a couple of weeks
 I ALWAYS read all sorts of reviews on all sorts of products on the net before I buy any product . This is one time I did not do it - since I had to buy a phone in a jiffy since ours suddenly croaked.Everything they say in these reviews are true . And I have to add something - I was shocked to find that only one handset can talk in a conversation at one time . How crazy is that ?? What is the purpose of having two handsets if that is case ??
 I made the mistake of purchasing the 4 handset version of this product before looking at any reviews . I thought Uniden produced quality products , but man was I wrong.First of all , 20 hours to charge seems like a very long time.Second , only one handset can be used at a time ; so my wife and I ca n't talk simultaneously to someone on the other end . Disappointing , especially during the holidays when we are trying to talk with our families.Third , calls must be transferred from one handset to another handset for use . So If I answer a call for my wife , I need to know the handset number of the phone she is going to use before she can pick up . Unfortunately , there is no way to know what handset she has , unless its plugged in to its charger , making the remote feature of this phone useless . Keeping track of four interchangeable units is a tall task , unless I write the handset number on each phone with a Sharpie.I have n't had any problems with static as reported below , but I never took the remote far from the base unit.At least the phone has a call timer , so I could track the 23 minutes and 47 secs Uniden 's customer service took to answer my call ... Anyway , this poorly designed and engineered product is already back in its packaging , heading back to where it came .
 I purchased this phone in a store after finding that the store did not carry the phone I really wanted . I immediately came home and checked the reviews here and it made me a little nervous to read all the bad reviews . But , I decided to try it anyway.I let the phone charge for a full 24 hours , then hooked it up to my phone line . I got a dial tone on the phone then started walking away from the base . Do n't think I got more than 5 feet when the static started kicking in . At 10 feet the static was so bad you could n't even hear the dial tone . I went outside -LRB- out the door right next to the base -RRB- and completely lost the signal . I 've always had cordless phones in my house and have never had a static issue , I can usually walk halfway down the block and still carry on a crystal clear conversation.So , this phone went immediately back to the store to be exchanged for a different one . I do n't even know how Uniden can still be selling this specific model if the problems are that blatently obvious .
 This phone has some good features . The handset size is great , the flexibility of the 2nd phone without needing a 2nd phone jack is wonderful . However , I ca n't believe all the static they have . Every slight movement of my head caused a great deal of static . I 'm also a bit leery of the phones since they are analog 5.8 Ghz rather than digital . This means that security is much lower than a 5.8 Ghz Digital Spread Spectrum -LRB- DSS -RRB- system.I 'm returning mine as soon as possible . Good ergonomics is wonderful , but the static is n't worth it . Uniden used to be the best major manufacturer of phones , particularly cordless , but their quality has fallen significantly .
 Everything was cheesy on this one , and the controls were a bit complicated for what it offers . Additionally , Uniden seems to avoid specifying whether their products are DSS , FHSS or any other level of security . I found a more appropriate DSS phone from Vtech -LRB- which I feel is more `` feature-rich '' -RRB- for the same price .
 Do you like static ? Do you appreciate not hearing the person on the other end of the phone ? Is your house smaller then 10 square feet ? Then this is the perfect phone for YOU!However , for the rest of us , this phone is pure garbage . The base unit was on our 2nd floor in the office , and the second unit was on the first floor due to us having a PC phone service . Using this phone was a nightmare . There was a ton of static due to the short range of the phones , and the voice quality was below average at best . I returned this within a week for a Panasonic model , and it works 1000x better.Do yourself a favor , stay away from this terrible product .
 had phone almost 2 years they are very very badd phones please dont buy !!! get panasonic better phones .
 I received great service from Amazon , but this phone has the worst range of any 5.8 GHz I 've seen . The previous reviewer is right . If you take it anywhere near 20 feet away from the base station , the phone will cut you off . The range is even worse if there are obstructions . If you 're living in a two bedroom apartment , this might be a great purchase . However , if you plan to use this in even a small three bedroom home - reconsider .
 My last Uniden phone . I 've been disappointed before by Uniden so I 'm not sure why I even botherd with this phone . Poor quality sound - always some delay when pressing buttons too . But , it 's the sound quality that is ridiculous.Never again . Panasonic phone or nothing .
 I 'm very disappointed with this purchase !! The service I recieved from Amazon was great . . but the phone absolutely sucks ... I ca n't use it on my porch , like I planned . . too much static . . also it turns itself off around my air conditioner . I was so sure purchasing this product was going to great.it 's supposed to be a good company !!
 There is NO WAY this phone should get 2 stars ... The static makes conversations impossible at any range . You simply can not move around at all . Complete waste of money , we have had to revert to our $ 5 corded phone for anyone to understand a word we say . Absolutely USELESS phones .
 Amazon forces you to put at least one star to review an item , but these phones do n't even earn that . Our 10-year old $ 18 kmart phones were wearing out , but are way better than these Unidens . Hissing , crackling static , and the volume of the person on the other end suddenly changes , from ok to inaudible . We tried various things suggested in the manual . They did n't interfere with our wireless internet or anything , but we have n't been able to have a single conversation on these -- always end up at the old corded phone . The ringer is piercing and annoying on the loud setting , and just annoying at the low volume setting -LRB- nothing in between -RRB- . At least with the string and soup cans , the bad volume is constant . These are going back to the store .
 The sound quality is fine if you are in range . The dual headsets work as advertised , in other words :1 . You can not talk on both phones at the same time -LRB- instead , you can transfer a call to the other phone -RRB- .2 . The range is not great -LRB- though I have no complaints with the sound quality when in range of about 30 ft -RRB- 3 . The voicemail alert system sometimes indicates voicemail even though you have none.Other than that , it 's a phone that only needs one phone cord and works for a small household .
 I bought this phone , because it uses the 5.8 GHz frequency range , and I needed something cheap for my 2nd work line . From the outside , it looked like it had everything I needed , and two handsets for about $ 40 was a good price.I was wrong . This has turned out to be a complete waste of my money . The phone has hardly any ringer and volume options , it has NO MUTE feature -LRB- for those of you on conf calls frequently -RRB- , and the sound quality is sub-par . Uniden used zero creativity or engineering when they made this model ... SAVE YOUR MONEY and get something else .
 I am not a person that is hard to please when it comes to cordless phones . All that I ask is for good quality conversation . These phones fail that basic requirement . Everything else seems to work well - battery life is good - it is just difficult to carry on a conversation .
 Do n't bother buying this phone unless you want to waste your money . We 're replacing them and our are only 6 mo. old . Terrible interference , inferior batteries , no range what-so-ever . This is the first and last Uniden product we 'll ever have purchased .
 Can you hear me now ? Chances are if you call me on my uniden DXI5586 cordless phone , you wont.I have been pleased with my uniden phones in the past because they usually provide good quality without breaking the budget.So naturally when we needed a phone fast and I had little time to do my research , I went with a name I had already trusted.My relationship with uniden is over ! -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Like many of the reviewers , I too can not walk away from the base without static . I dont want to go for a jog while talking on my house phone , but to sit on my steps or travel into my back yard would be nice.Lastly , currently we are having a hard time getting the main handset to cooperate with its base for re charging ... it doesnt want to ! The light indicator confirms that it is charging , however , I cant even get the phone to turn on.If you spend and extra $ 20 now , you will save yourself from having to replace this phone in a couple of months .
 We got these phones in a pinch when we signed up for VOIP . As everyone else stated , the static is horrific with these phones . I ca n't walk outside while talking on this phone . I ca n't even turn my head the wrong way if I 'm in the next room over from the base . I get static . PLEASE save your money , and time and purchase another phone set . Sorry to be so negative ... but honesty is best !
 You 'd think that because these phones have a higher GHz , that the sound would be of decent quality ... NOT ! These phones have bad static and when I am on the phone , I am questioned about where I am ! Ridiculous ! The Uniden 2.4 GHz is a wonderufl phone compared to this one , never had any problems of the 3 years I had them , however after then , they just went dead on me , I had the expandable ones -LRB- 2.4 -RRB- and only one just stopped working . So I would go with the 2.4 before I went with the 5.8 . Awful quality and sound !!! Do not waste your money !
 I liked the price of this , but I guess you get what you pay for . My friends complained that I sounded as though I were underwater . I returned this product - a real piece of Cr * p.
 I received the Uniden 5.8 DXI5586-2 for Christmas-2005 and I must eagerly agree with the majority of reviews ... `` The Uniden 5.8 DXI5586-2 has the worse interference I 've ever encounter in a cordless system '' . And forget the features if you ca n't have a decent conversation without unbearable `` STATIC '' and tried repeatedly to change the channel by pressing the select/channel key with `` NO '' luck ... `` WHAT GOOD IS THIS PHONE AT ALL '' Good reception is the key word here which the Uniden 5.8 DXI5586-2 does NOT have if you purchase this cordless system .
 This phone stopped working just right after I threw all the packing material away . Horrible , horrible static . Non user friendly buttons as well . I wish I could have returned it . Do not buy this phone .
 I 've owned Uniden products in the past and have been generally happy with them , but quality control really dropped the ball on this one . I bought this phone because it was reasonably priced and had the 5.8 GHz technology . I was gravely disappointed . I ca n't sit 2 feet away from the base without getting mind numbing static ! My old rotary dial phone can do better than that ! DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE !
 I purchased this phone and a similar model from Vtech for our office -- the Vtech was only slightly more expensive , has NO static on the line , and was shipped w/in 24 hours by Amazon ... whereas the Uniden had horrible static on the line -LRB- even if you try to search for a different channel -RRB- , no speaker phone , and took 2 weeks to arrive ... . b/c of the static , I ended up returning the Uniden . Forgot one more thing -- the Uniden does n't have a blinking light indicator for voicemail like the Vtech .
 I bought this phone about a year ago and have been regretting it ever since . What horrible quality . I 'm looking around now to replace all of our phones -LRB- thinking Panasonic -RRB- and thought I 'd check to see what this phone 's reviews had been . It 's next to worthless and I 'm glad to see it was n't just me , my phone service , bad karma , etc. .
 The phones work great when you stand directly near the base . The second you step more than 5-10 feet away that 's when it starts ... Static at first . 20-40 Feet away and you can barely move your head without not being able to understand the caller . 40-60 feet away and the calls drop because the signal is n't strong enough . Big thumbs down . These phone are n't even worth the cheap price . They do n't work .
 The good things about this phone are the multiple handsets , the call-waiting caller id , and the use of the single base by both handsets requiring a single phone line.The main bad thing about this phone is the static ! From the first day the phone was installed , every call has been plagued with static . This phone is definitely going to be replaced.I rated this phone 2-stars due to the good things I mentioned above .
 I bought this phone to replace my older 2.4 GHz phone that quit working . This one 's a loser . It works only in adjoining rooms - forget about going upstairs or outside . If you are more than about 20 feet away from the base unit there is considerable static on the line . If you are 30 feet away , there is n't even a dial tone.This one 's junk - do n't waste your money .
 NOT TOO IMPRESSED WITH ITS EFFICIENCY.IF YOU LIVE IN A SMALL HOUSE , IT MIGHT WORK WELL.IT CERTAINLY DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH GHz FOR OUR HOUSE .
 Thanks to all of you for the input ! I was interested in this product as a x-mas present for my parents ... great price and liked the fact that it was 5.8 ghz ... however , because of your reveiws I will be going elsewhere . Thanks again !
 The bottom part of this sign is outstanding ; cast iron . But the top is made of a flimsy plastic and when I put the first sign in it , it fell apart . We have to tape the base of the top so it wo n't fall apart . Not worth the price .
 I rarely return anything . These went straight back . I 'm all for recycled files , but these are utterly flimsy and pointless . You may as well file your papers in a paper bag . Staples carries a stiffer brown recycled file which has become my standby . Save your $ $ and your S&H .
 I had this set -LRB- 2 extensions + base station -RRB- for four years and have hated it almost since the beginning . The batteries go dead quickly and they are expensive to replace . They are also hard to find - had to buy my replacements over the internet because no local stores , including speciality stores , had them .
 I bought the Uniden CLX-485 base and five TXC-400 handsets to replace my previous cordless phone system , as I could not get handsets for it anymore . Sound quality is very good for both regular & speakerphone use . The ability to mute & transfer calls is very nice . And , I really like the ability to go into room monitoring & privacy modes . In room monitoring mode , you can listen in to any other handset in the house ... much like a baby monitor . In privacy mode , you can lock the system so that no one else can eavesdrop or cut in on your conversation . As I work from home , this is particularly useful in preventing the kids from dialing while I am trying to talk on a conference bridge.Now for the downside , within six months , two of the most used handsets started developing an annoying trait where they would reboot after the smallest jostle . Put the phone in the charging cradle ... reboot . Pickup the phone to answer a call ... reboot . Hand the phone to someone ... reboot.Now , about 11 months after the purchase , all five of the expansion handsets are experiencing the same temperamental problems . The ones that have shown these symptoms the longest are now so fickle that they can get stuck in a perpetual reboot mode where the display goes blank , then goes solid orange , displays `` Uniden '' for some random length of time , and then it repeats the process . Sometimes pulling the battery for a couple of seconds resolves the issue . Sometimes a `` love tap '' helps . Sometimes ... well , you get the idea.Out of the bunch , the only one that still works reliably is the base station 's handset . Maybe it has had a bit less handling , as I often use the base unit 's speakerphone while working . Maybe Uniden made some additional changes -- aside from the color LCD -- inside these handsets . -LRB- The base station handset for this phone system is equivalent to a TCX440 . -RRB- Bottom line is that I am not sure why , but I know that it is still working.Regardless , I am left a little jaded on these handsets . I am quickly approaching my one-year anniversary date . As such , I am debating on getting them repaired/replaced , but even once that happens , they will only be covered by a 90-day warranty . Personally , I am seriously considering going to a different phone system . -LRB- I had two different AT&T ; phones with comparable features that served me faithfully for better than 4 years each . I only replaced the first to get a 2-line phone system , and I only replaced the second because of the aforementioned lack of expansion handsets . -RRB- As for features ... - Contrary to a previous reviewer , there is a redial feature . To access this , you push the little `` joystick '' down ... as in towards the mic opening on the phone ... not down like you are pushing a button . Several of these shortcuts are not documented , or not documented very well . But , they are there nonetheless . - Phonebook - Okay , I really wish someone would make it easy to create & copy phonebook entries between phonebooks on other handsets . On this phone , if you create an entry , you have to copy it to each & every handset ... one at a time . And , if you are on a handset without a specific phonebook entry , there is no way to have that handset access the other 's phonebook to copy the needed entry . In this golden age of technology , I think phone manufacturer 's could do much , much better !! - Long distance vs. dialing - If go through the caller ID log , and add a number to your phonebook , it only adds the 10-digit number . Again , this is the age of computers . I should be able to define a `` local '' list of area codes -LRB- not just a single area code -RRB- , and everything else should automatically get a one appended to the front of the number . It is common sense . This same behavior is evident when you go to redial a long distance number directly from the caller ID listing .
 This phone has several major flaws . First , there is no redial , hard to believe , but true . Second , the orange color on the LCD is terrible . This color makes it hard to see the graphics , which are themselves annoying . Third , the LCD quality is very poor . Pictures , Words and numbers are grainy and appear very low tech , dated and obsolete looking . Lastly , the direct link/walkie talkie mode is a joke . It only works if the handsets are not in the charger and if you do n't try to use the phone as a phone and if no calls come in . I would not buy this phone again . Between no redial and the terrible LCD orange color and LCD quality I 'd have to advise you to keep looking . I have started looking again , and I 'm stuck with 4 of these things !
 The phone has the typical confusing , inadequate 100 page manual . Further , the manual has the usual poor index , so it is frustrating trying to find the items you are looking for . Even if a piece of software or electronic divice is full of great functions , it is useless if it takes a long time , or impossible to figure out . I spent a long time trying to figure out some of the functions , and some I was never able to get . My secretary is very frustrated with this phone.Also , even at the highest setting the volume is too low . Poor Sound quality.Mobile phone wo n't work with it.This phone is way too confusing , and poor quality for the price .
 I own the basic ELBT595 and a total of 3 handsets . I have NEVER been able to link any of my cell phones to this thing . Bluetooth is a great concept for use with this small phone , but the batteries die within half an hour or so when using bluetooth . Batteries in general last only about 6 months and after which standby time goes down to about 24 hours .
 I work from home and spend a * lot * of time on the phone . I was really looking forward to being able to use my bluetooth headset with my land line phone , and get rid of my wired headset . Unfortunately the battery life of this handset barely would make it through 2-3 hours of talk time.The voice quality was considerably less than my current Panasonic phones , and the usability has a long way to go . For instance , while on speakerphone , you can go on mute . But you ca n't unmute without first turning off the speakerphone , then unmute , then go back to speakerphone . Lots of little annoyances like that.I never even got around to testing out the phonebook import feature , so I ca n't speak to that . In the end , I returned this phone and went back to my 5.8 GHz Panasonic phone with a wired headset , where I can get 6-8 hours of talk time between charges . The search continues ...
 As a phone the ELBT595 has a number of shortcomings that need repeating .1 . This is unforgivable - you can set the area code in the phone , but you can not add a `` 1 '' so setting the area code is useless . Whether redialing , dialing or dialing from caller id - none of it works because of this over sight . I ca n't get over it .2 . It 's discontinued . You can only buy the bluetooth add-on handsets from Uniden 's `` like new '' store . If you actually luck out and find a new one online you 'll be paying a lot of money .3 . The screen on the handset that came with my phone burnt out in just over a month . I could n't return it so I called Uniden to get one of their `` like new '' replacement phones and had to eat a $ 10 shipping and handling fee .4 . The screen on the outside of the handset is very difficult to read when the back lighting is turned on . Did n't they test these phones before releasing them?The two stars are for the bone headed design flaws mentioned above . Otherwise , everything else works fine .
 Read all the bad reviews below , they are all true . The phone has all the features a cell phone has but NOTHING works without a problem ... I can download all my numbers from Outlook . GREAT ... . Except that it puts in an area code for EVERY number but NO 1 at the beginning . ie make a call from your phone book and get the phone company 's message `` you need a 1 in front of an area code ... `` SO you think `` I will just edit the number ... '' WRONG You can not you have to delete the whole number out.This is just one of 50 things I can write about . Basically they created the phone , never had a human use it or try it out , and sold it . OH yeah also it looks and feels like a $ 7 phone , cheap plastic , battery last 30-60 minutes etc.It is made in China and acts like it . For this kind of money it should do something MORE then a rotary phone ...
 warning - totally defective product - my first elbt 585 arrived totally defective , the handset would not charge at all . After returning to the seller and waiting 5 WEEKS , the replacement elbt 595 they sent was also totally defective . The fact that 2 different uniden models were defective reflects an overall problem with their quality control.when I called uniden customer service , their option was to return the entire unit to their Texas center .
 I bought the ELBT 595 just over a year ago . Worked fine until a few days ago when the handset earpiece went dead . Uniden customer service told me that the handset speaker must have went out . The product is 3 months past warranty so they would n't do anything for me , except suggest I buy a new handset for $ 100 ! An expensive phone that lasted just over a year .
 bluetooth is nice , but everything else is a fiasco on this phoneone classic example : caller id does n't insert a `` 1 '' before area code of long dist numbers , so when you go to save it it does n't workI know what you 're thinking , just add the `` 1 '' , but that 's another problem , you ca n't edit a numberfinally , b/c of this issue it does n't correlate names/numbers from CID with your ABthis is pathetic for such an obscenely expensive phoneAnd do n't even get me started on navigating the answering machine messages
 This is by far the absolute worst piece of tech I 've ever purchased.Be very aware , it 's absolutely expensive and useless . One would think that the price reflects quality and advanced functions , like bluetooth , but this device fails on EVERY SINGLE ONE of them.This model is a 2004 model . There are no new models available . There are no firmware upgrades . The PC Software only runs in Windows 98/XP , it would not run on Vista/7 and there is no new version . This is a minor complaint but it is important if you want to keep your contacts in sync.The phone functions do not work right . There is a lot of static on every call . Sometimes it would drop your calls , sometimes your calls ca n't be transfered from the base to the receiver . Sometimes an incoming call would not make your phone ring , therefore you miss your call . Every call you receive is an adventure.The cordless functions do not work right . The battery life is about 20 minutes , tops , and the receiver would never charge fully . There is a faulty construction problem with the receiver . A gentle tap on it would cause it to `` reboot '' , my best guess is that the battery somehow loses connection and the phone restarts . This is a MAJOR problem because to answer a call you have to flip it open , causing it to reboot . If you close it , same thing , it would reboot . I get to answers calls because I 'm using a bluetooth headset and do n't have to deal with the receiver.The base-bluetooth functions do not work right . I ca n't dial a number on the base keypad and press on my bluetooth headset to dial the number . I have to flip open the receiver , dial the number , leave the receiver open , and then press on my bluetooth headset to make a call.The Caller-ID functions do not work right . Even if the incoming call number is saved on the directory , the phone would NOT display `` JOHN '' or whatever the name is . It would just display the number . If you ca n't memorize everyones phone number it would leave you guessing on who 's calling . The Caller-ID history would only save up to 99 numbers , so you will have to purge it from time to time.The bluetooth functions do not work right . It is a pain to pair the phone with the headset . And only the receiver has bluetooth functions , NOT the base . The receiver would not reconnect to the bluetooth headset automatically when it is in range . So you will have to keep the two of them really close at all times , which defeats the purpose of having the bluetooth thing at all.The user interfase is a quick-and-dirty almost unreadable `` Chinese-English '' translation . I think its hilarious , it has an animated dog , a rabbit and a frog . To make this phone work you would have to read the entire manual , and then figure out the user interfase.Please do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this phone . Do everything but .
 I 've had this phone for about a year now . While the CellLink sounds cool -LRB- and does work ok -RRB- , the phone system itself is not up to par.The handsets feel cheaply made , and just done feel `` right '' in my hand . Battery life in standby and talk time is very short for my expectations - I always need to ensure the phones are in their cradles charging.Controls / UI are ok - but some options -LRB- speakerphone mute on the base station and speaker volume on base station for example -RRB- are UI menu items and not buttons . The full keypad for the base station is nice.Sound is awful on both ends of a conversation during landline operations . I find myself using my cell phone -LRB- without CellLink -RRB- more often than not . Range on the handsets is n't on par with previous phones I 've had.As soon as the new Panasonic DECT 6.0 line is out , I 'll be replacing this system .
 I bought this phone because of the Bluetooth link . What a great feature . My wife likes to keep her cell phone in her purse , and this way when her cell phone rings , she can answer it on the landline phone without ever taking it out of her purse . It also accepts Bluetooth headsets , which makes handsfree use a breeze . It allows the user to select different ringtones for different incoming callers , so you will know who is calling without even looking at the Caller ID display . In short , this phone has a wonderful list of features and was great while it worked.HOWEVER ... the design of this phone is just horrible . It 's a clamshell , flip phone style , but it 's obvious Uniden did n't do the kind of testing necessary to ensure the stability of the hinge . From the start , it just felt cheap and flimsy . It did n't have the solid feel like a flip cell phone . After about six months of use , the hinge started to fall apart and the handset was completely destroyed after a year . In addition to the cheap feel and poor design , there were a couple of quirks with the software as well . First , the Bluetooth would lose it 's link to the cell phone or the headset on regular basis , rendering the phone useless until you rebooted the cell phone . Also , it has a 100-number memory and allows you to store names and numbers , but when someone from your phone book calls , the Caller ID does not show what you have entered for that number , but simply shows what the traditional Caller ID display would show . I have a Sony cordless phone that had this feature mastered at least five years ago , but Uniden did n't get this simple feature right.In short , if Uniden would put this feature set on a phone with no moving parts -LRB- the flip hinge -RRB- and would fix the few kinks in the software , it would be an ideal phone , but unfortunately , the shortcomings outweigh the positives . You would think that Uniden would offer a replacement candy-bar style handset to fit the base and keep the feature set . But since they do n't , I simply ca n't recommend this phone .
 No doubt , this phone has lot of features . I was waiting for this phone to come since Feb. . Its photos and all look very pretty . But , when I went to see this phone physically in a store , I was really repelled by the cheap quality material used . This phone really looks like a kid 's toy and that too from some one dollar shop . Needs lot of improvements in the design , aesthetics and material .
 Software will NOT work with windows Vista . Blue-tooth does not work with iPhone . What a waste of money !!
 This phone is designed to look like a cellphone and it even has features that look like they 'd work like cellphone features . If you only need a facsimile and not useful features , this phone is for you . The fact that you ca n't edit caller ID numbers -LRB- like adding a 1 -RRB- when you move them to the directory is astonishingly stupid . It seems like this phone was made by people who had seen cellphones but never used one .
 I must have higher expectations of technologically advanced products than most people -- I was surprised by the amount of 4 - and 5-star ratings -- so I decided to add a review.Conceptually , the ELBT595 is the phone I 've been waiting for -LRB- the concept gets 5 stars ! -RRB- . I bought it and two extra handsets about 7 months ago.Unfortunately , the phone and accompanying software have shortcomings that my family and I find extremely annoying , some bordering on unacceptable . I 've checked the manual and Uniden website and called Uniden a few times to confirm that I 'm not doing something wrong . I 've been holding on in hopes that Uniden would at least release updated software , but I just checked and they have not . Unbelievably , the non-software shortcomings are n't with some of the more esoteric capabilities but with the basics . These phones are going back -LRB- fortunately , I bought the phones from Costco , which has a very lenient return policy , and can still return the phones -RRB- . In the remainder of my review , I 'm going to restrict my comments to four issues that previous reviewers have n't mentioned ... 1 . RING AND CONNECTION DELAYSAlthough my three handsets are identical -LRB- the ELBT595 is also compatible with some other Uniden handsets -RRB- , they do n't ring in unison . When a call comes in , the base station and 3 handsets in various rooms all ring out of synch ; it sounds like an old switchboard!Also , when you answer a call , there 's a connection delay . We find ourselves constantly saying `` Hello '' two or three times because the caller does n't hear the first time -LRB- or two -RRB- .2 . CALLER IDThe handsets only display the Caller ID information from the end of the first ring to the end of the second ring . So , if you do n't get to the handset right away , the fact that you have Caller ID service is useless for screening calls .3 . CALLER ID INTEGRATION WITH THE PHONEBOOKSince for many calls , the Caller ID data shows the number but not the caller 's name , it 's nice if the phone fills in the name by matching the incoming number to an entry in the phonebook -LRB- when there is a match -RRB- . Many phones do this . For many calls , however , the ELBT595 simply ca n't do it and the reason is a good example of how Uniden was careless with design details : Where I live , one has to dial the area code for ALL calls , but a `` 1 '' prefix only for long-distance calls -LRB- I 'm not sure if this contributes to the problem because I have no experience with the ELBT595 in different circumstances , so I thought I 'd mention it -RRB- . Therefore , all the long-distance entries in my phonebook have to have the `` 1 '' prefix in them in order to be able to make the outbound call . But , for whatever reason , the Caller ID data for incoming long-distance calls does n't show the leading `` 1 '' . Unlike my cellphone and older cordless phone , which manage to detect the match anyway , the Uniden ca n't match an incoming number without a 1 to a phonebook entry with a 1.4 . RANGE AND FIDELITYI do n't know why my experience is so different from most of the other reviewers , but the range is worse than my old 900 MHz ANALOG cordless phone . And when one gets any distance away from the base , the fidelity deteriorates significantly.I wo n't even go into the shortcomings of the `` UnidenCT '' software -LRB- Uniden Cordless Telephone Customization Tool -RRB- .
 Very plastic feel . Very cheaply made for the high price . Had this phone for 3 months and the hinge broke just from opening and closing it . Sent it back to Uniden and after two weeks they send me a letter stating that the warranty does n't cover `` physical damage '' and they want me to pay them $ 70 to fix it . I explain to them that all I did was open/close the phone and talk on it . They basically call me a liar and proceed to be very rude to me . I will never ever buy another Uniden product .
 This phone was a waste of money , after owning it for about 2 months the answering machine began to display the code E0 . I ca n't get the base to do anything at all . I bought it a long time ago and stored it after having these issues . Now that i pulled it out of the box , i am reminded of the money i wasted , so i decided to write the review now in order to prevent others from going thru this disappointment also . Save your money .
 The only good thing about this phone is the flip feature . I bought it so I could carry it in my pocket . The screen is not easy to read , almost seems out of focus . Every call includes an echo/repeat sound . But the worst part is even if you do n't use the phone , the battery dies very quickly . I have two of these phones , and it 's the same with both . Useless phone , good thing it was discontinued .
 My experience with the ELBT 595 is the same as many other reviewers here . The phone is way over-priced for the quality and performance . It works about half the time with my Motorola Razr . This is a novel concept but it appears to have rushed through the R&D ; process . Perhaps the next version will be more sturdy and reliable.I have sold it and am trying another brand of bluetooth phone .
 Do n't buy this product if you use a phonecard to dial Asia . The phonebook function on this phone only allows you to enter a mere 20 digits for a phone number -LRB- the pause feature counts as one digit , of course -RRB- , which sounds like a lot , but consider this ... 10 digits to dial the phone card , pause , then 011-86 -LRB- or 852 for HK -RRB- , then my mom 's or sis 's crazy 10-digit Beijing/HK phone number . It wo n't fit . The sound quality is bad ; using the mobile/bluetooth feature , my friend said I sounded muffled . And I called home just to see how my outgoing greeting on the voicemail sounded , and I could n't hear my recorded message , so I ended up re-recording it by yelling . And I 've been spoiled by Panasonic 's user-friendly software ; Uniden 's user-ability just pales in comparison . You have to press TWO buttons to put the conversation on hold , and it 's a very un-intuitive TWO buttons at that -LRB- it 's something like `` hold '' and then `` end '' -RRB- . Also , I could n't figure out how to end my speaker phone function despite pressing all buttons . I finally found the `` end '' button -LRB- and that 's how it 's spelled , all lower-case -RRB- .
 When I received my phone , the battery was defective . I ordered a replacement battery but still could not pair the phone to anything -LRB- I have plenty of experience with bluetooth pairing -RRB- . Top it all off with the fact that the software only works on Windows , my only option to load phonebook entries into this phone would be manual entry . The interface of the flip phone was something out of the 1990s -- kludgy and childish . The available ring tones are from the same generation . Aside from the technical problems that I encountered , I thought this was a pretty lousy phone .
 Cool looking physically but the software interface is worse than anything I have ever seen . It is not intuitive nor well-designed . Symbols and menus are confusing and downright ugly . Very poorly executed . It 's as if the folks at Uniden do n't even own cell-phones so they have no experience in interfacing with a phone that can manage contacts and play messages . Otherwise it functions well , battery life is good . No interference with my wireless network , which is one of the main reasons I bought it.I am afraid I can not recommend this phone - you can spend less and get a LOT better elsewhere , even within Uniden 's other 5.8 GHz products , where they do n't experiement with cellphone-like GUIs on your dime .
 I preordered this item and waited months before it became available . I loved the features
 If it was n't for this item being the only 5.8 GHz cordless phone with Bluetooth capabilities , I would have chucked it into the trash a year ago.I 'll admit , the design is ingenious , the features are great and the technology is cutting edge from a reputable company . However , it 's obvious why they discontinued this model.Once I flip open the phone to use it , the buttons sometimes work , sometimes they do n't . Sometimes I need to yank the battery off to reset the phone to actually make it usable.I work from home and this phone sits on it 's cradle practically 24/7 with very little use . The funny thing is that it sits on my desk next to my `` usable '' Uniden model TRU8885 -LRB- which is great -RRB- . Again , I use this phone ONLY for it 's Bluetooth headset capabilities - which only works sporadically.Would someone else please invent a 5.8 GHz cordless phone with Bluetooth so I can replace this piece of junk !
 As others have posted this phone is not worth the cost . Too bad Uniden saw fit to put this product out . There must have been a huge profit margin in it for them . Will try another manufacturer 's product and spend again for a home phone . The Bluetooth is the hook , the quality of manufacture is the pain . And your right , the cost of repair is far beyond commansensical .
 this phone sucks ! has no range at all . i have a business , so i need a phone that has range . when you go past 15 ft. from the base you start to hear static .
 I place the order for this phone before it was even available for sale , so I did not read any reviews prior to getting it . It simply seemed like the best phone available -LRB- feature wise -RRB- : - Answering system - Bluetooth capable - 4,096 color screen - Load your phone numbers from Outlook etc. . . - 5.8 GHzWhy did I give it a rating of 2/5 ? Because the reception on this phone is absolutely terrible . I suspect that poor reviews on this phone are the reason why they are discontinuing it.When using the flip phone a mere room away from the base , you hear crackling on the phone and it even drops the signal if I stray too far -LRB- 1-2 rooms away -RRB- , or if I even stand behind the refrigerator door!I called tech support and they were no help of course , claiming that I should keep the base away from a computer ?! Eh ? My network is 2.4 GHz , this phone is 5.8 GHz , did this person go through Uniden training?Sigh , I can only hope this review helps other folks before spending money needlessly on this useless -LRB- yet wonderful on paper -RRB- phone.EDIT
 This was a great phone for a while . We bought it for our daughter to use until she was old enough to get a cell phone but my wife and I used it as well . The problem with the phone as several people have pointed out is a weak hinge design which after a couple of years just broke . No traumatic damage -- one day the hinge just popped apart and there was no way to fix it . Too bad , it was a very nice phone before that .
 First of all let me say that I utilize Amazon all the time , they have great products at great prices ... however the Euducation Station , Inc. is absolutely without question the most incompetent , unreliable & sarcastic company I have ever dealt with via any of the sites such as Amazon I have dealt with . The pointer came in a huge box in newspaper IN HALF !!!!! I immediately called the Education Station & talked to what sounded like a `` CLOWN '' , I told him that we received the product & it was damaged beyond repair ... he assured me that they would ship out the very next day a new one ... I have yet to receive it or a refund !! To say that I am dissatisfied is an understatement ! I am livid !! DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS SUPPLIER , EVER !!! I will continue to utilize Amazon for now , but this is someone they allow to sell via their site & that causes great concern .
 The length is what I expected . The tip , however , is awful . It is hard plastic which does not make a nice sound when hitting the board . The tip also came off after about a week . I had to super glue it back on . Overall , it 's very cheaply made .
 On the second day my daughter played with it , the tip broke off . With the frayed wood , that would easily splinter into her , I had to throw it away . I just think if the end the pointer is inserted in was mad a little stronger , it would n't have broken as easily .
 I bought this stapler because it looked to be of solid construction . It costed more than most staplers , but I wanted a solid stapler that would work the first time every time , and I did not much care that it was uninspiring to look at.This stapler worked for about 6 months and then broke . It broke such that you could only staple once . Then you had to open the staple compartment on top , close it gently so as to not disturb the staples , and then you could staple once more . The problem , you see , is that the `` staple guillotine '' that comes down to separate a staple from its bundle and compress it through your paper and into a fold -- could not automatically position itself above another staple in the staple bundle once it had separated and stapled a first staple . This constitutes exceptionally poor design , as the ability of the `` staple guillotine '' to reposition itself is one of the few key parameters in good stapler design . In order to fix this stapler , I will need to remove the `` staple guillotine '' , take it to the machine shop , pay a machinist $ 30/hr to shave 1 mm off the bottom of the guillotine , and then put it all back together . The average office mate should not need a machine shop to get stapling potential!Save your money and look elsewhere .
 My old GE corded/cordless phone which I have had for over 5 years , blew out callerid when we had an electrical storm . I ordered the new version of GE phone , and it had a tin-ny sound and bad volume . I read the great reviews of the Uniden phone corded/cordless , so even though it cost more , I ordered it . Well , it is just awful ! The base callerid and all works great , but MY OWN VOICE sounds so flat and so bad I can barely concentrate on what I am saying ! It is poor poor quality ! And the cordless handset my voice again sound strobing and harsh . Alot of distortions , in and out volume . I am SO disapointed ! How can my old GE phone with less GHZhave better sound quality than the two latest phones ?? I conclude that they just do n't put the time and effort into landline phones anymore , because most people use their cell phones . After thinking of what I should do , I decided I 'm going to return this phone as well , and use my old phone with no callerID . I am going to purchase a seperate callerID which cost like 50 dollars , but it 's worth it . I use my home phone more than my cell , and I always counted on thesound quality being better . I am very disapointed in Uniden as well as GE . WHERE IS THE QUALITY IN AMERICAN PRODUCTS ANYMORE !?
 Set the phone , and then everything died . Nothing worked . After waiting on hold for 26 minutes with Uniden CS , I was told to send back for repair . Are you kidding?Am returning and never buying a Uniden product again . First and last time ...
 I received the telephone , went through all the work of setting it up ... and the display for the caller ID message did not work . I packed it up and sent it back .
 I bought this product for my parents who live in another country -LRB- Romania -RRB- after much research and it seemed to fit all my needes ; I receieved it very fast and when I saw it I was very happy
 This machine could be great , large keys and great features , but the only small keys are the most important and most used keys . Good luck finding and using the replay , play , skip , and erase keys . Had to glue beeds on these keys for my Mom to use the phone .
 I love this phone . Bought it for my elder parents . However it has some shortcomings that all but overshadow the good : * Very poor range . One room over -- less than 20 feet -- and it is static city . Double that distance and you are out of range completely . * Clock goes out after every power outage -LRB- despite the advertised feature of `` keeps phone working even during power outage '' -RRB- . * Call 911 button too big and easy to hit by mistake . * Curiously small answering machine buttons .
 I like the idea that the phone makers are addressing the needs of older people . Although I do n't consider myself old -LRB- 60 -RRB- , I know the time is coming for more assists in telephoning . I like the idea of a lit-up phone pad with larger numbers and as I get older and my hearing is not so good , I can see the flashing ringer would be beneficial . I also liked the one-button emergency 911 number . What I was not crazy about was the design , but most importantly , the caller ID announcer is n't clear . From across the room or even close up , you can not understand what is being said .
 The cordless handset of this unit has a range of about 10 to 15 feet . The owner 's manual suggests if this is a problem , to replace it with one on a different frequency . All well and good except the manufacturer does not respond to a request for a replacement on a different frequency and the vendor , Atlanta Network Technologies does not respond to a request to return it for credit so that I may purchase a different unit.I am stuck with a telephone whose cordless handset does n't allow me to move from the kitchen to the bedroom.I am not pleased .
 I ordered this phone for my dad to replace the phone he 'd had for twenty years . I thought it would be great since I saw it reviewed in Consumer Reports , it has a lot of useful features and I 'd had a Uniden cordless for several years . This phone has been a let-down and a hassle , though , since after he 's been talking on the phone for 15 minutes or so , the volume starts to fade out to the point that he can barely hear the person on the other end of the line . He can adjust the volume initially , but it keeps fading nonetheless . I can verify that this is not related to his hearing either since I 've tried it myself . We did some troubleshooting and nothing worked , so I thought it was perhaps just one defective phone and got Uniden to send a new one -LRB- another $ 10 -RRB- . Now the problem is happening again on the second phone . I would not order this model again and particularly not for anyone who has any kind of hearing problem .
 I 've had this phone for a month so it 's quirks are well defined . I am surprised at the poor quality of both the receiver and the CID announce . I mostly use the main unit and rate the quality of the sound coming from the earpiece at 4 - on a scale of ten . I would not have purchased the phone if I had experienced the receiver 's tinny sound . This is particularly irksome given the phone 's senior friendly advertisement.The computer generated voice for the caller ID announce is like something from a 70 's B grade sci-fi movie . It 's so bad that it 's kind of comical , and often undescipherable . The keypad and all other functions are nice , well designed and comfortably arranged . If I had purchased this for my parents , I 'd return it due to the lousy sound quality . What I do like about this phone , plus inertia , outweighs the trouble of return and reselection ... just .
 This product has absolutely no range from the base unit . Very disappointed with this performance .
 Not a very intuitive software and has a long learning curve which makes it tough to teach to warehouse staff . The company boasts about free tech support but in our case their only suggestion to our problems was to buy the newer version that they say dose not have the same issues . And if you ever upgrade to a new operating system like from XP to Win7 be ready to shell out more cash for a updated version of the software . No patches no updates No thanks .
 Okay y' all , here 's the deal , in my humble , and newbie 's opinion -LRB- for those of you searching aimlessly for the right paper as I was not long ago -RRB- . First of all , I new I wanted a semi-gloss type paper , as that 's what we used in my high school -LRB- not all that long ago , but yes , I went FOREVER before finally getting a decent photo printer -RRB- photography/digital art class , and it turned out beautiful prints - and it 's what I 'm used to . So I went looking for more paper , when the glossy paper that came with my new hp printer ran out.Anyway , I searched and cross-referenced to find the right size -LRB- 4x6 , obviously -RRB- , finish , and rating . When I finally found 4x6 soft gloss paper , all I could find that was reasonably priced was this one , `` with tab '' which I 'd never seen , nor heard of before . I read complaints about it , but I was thinking `` tab '' meant a small extension , maybe an inch wide by 1-1/2 '' long ... NOPE . It extends the entire length of the bottom of the photo , and on my printer comes out at the top , and the serrated edge DOES NOT come off clean . I gave up after butchering a few pics , and started just waiting for them to ` dry ' and then using my paper-cutter to cut the end off -LRB- you can surely imagine what a pain in the rear that is - and I 'm sure not everyone has a paper cutter hanging around -RRB- . PLUS the whole NEED for a `` tab '' leads one to believe that even though it is soft-gloss paper , it needs quite a bit of dry time . Therefore , it 's VERY annoying not knowing A
 I was n't expecting a hand wovern rug but I was expecting something that would allow my mouse to move smoothly across it . Having just taken it out of the package the mouse moves with slightly less resistance on the `` rug '' side then it moves on the rubber side on the bottom ... . yes this is just a regular mouse pad with a fringe glued on the side ... It looks good ! but its really kind of unusable fresh out of the box , I 'm going to try and find a solution but I get the feeling this is not going to get any use
 Mouse pad is built well , however it does NOT work with laser mouses . That note is no where to be found on the product page . That seems like a huge issue that consumers need to aware of . I feel cheated !
 The effort it takes to move a mouse on the surface of this mouse pad outweighs the good lucks , sadly .
 This phone has so much static it is nearly useless . What a piece of junk . The other features of the phone are fine , but what good are they when all you get out of the receiver is a loud roar . Buy this phone only if you do n't want to be able to hear the other party .
 I have had so many problems with these calculators . It 's nice that you can actually change out the batteries on these -LRB- some calculators you can not -RRB- but these often stop working and changing the batteries wo n't help . They are n't all that expensive but they are n't even worth the cost . I 'll be slowly switching my classroom set over to calculators of a better quality .
 Even though this product is inexpensive , it is not worth the money . It came to me with the wood frame cracked . The cork had been slashed . The wood flowers fell off and there were already multiple holes where the bee pins were . I sent it back . My daughter was disappointed because it was pretty and did match her room perfectly but why should I put a piece of junk on the wall of her room which was just freshly painted and redone .
 Too much static even when I change all the channels.Goes dead quickly -LRB- I brought it in September and it went out in December -RRB- Which is shocking because its always charging and the ringer is off.I change the battery in December and again it goes dead in May . Finally I return it back to the store and got it replace with another brand.Good thing about this phone . Its appearance , thats the only good thing .
 Bought this phone , plugged it in , listened to one message that I had recorded , and that was all it took to return it to the store . The clarity of the voice was very poor compared to equal priced Panasonic or Uniden . The set-up was less user-friendly than the others as well . The phone portion was good , but not better than it 's competition . The quality of construction was very good . I do not recommend this phone , even at it 's low price .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The battery life SUCKS -LRB- hello , this is 2004 -RRB- , it wont ever charge properly , when the battery life is dying -LRB- conveniently while I 'm on the phone -RRB- it makes this high pitched `` You 're phone sucks and you 'll lose your call ! '' sound , right in the ear.This is the worst phone I 've ever owned , and sadly for technology , the most recent .
 The batteries did n't even last 6 months , plus I found it hard to find a place that sold the batteries since it only takes one type of V-tech battery . The sound quality sucked !!!! The only decent part is the answering machine . Skip getting this one !
 I 've had this phone for only about 5 months . What a horrible POS ! The sound quality is unbearable , and has been since day one . Whenever I get a call , I pick it up , then immediately head downstairs to pick up my 6 year old vtech which sounds much better . And just recently , the battery refuses to hold any charge , after only 6 months use . Unexcusable .
 I bought this phone about 7 months ago from Target and I 'm going to chuck it into the dumpster . It is by far the worst phone I 've ever had . Horrible sound quality , low volume , annoying ring tones , the battery dies after about an hour of talk time , the list goes on and on . I 'm going back to Panasonic phones because I 've always had good luck with them . I will never purchase a V-Tech phone again . If I could give this item 0 stars I would .
 I just bought this phone and I 'm on my way to return it . It 's ok if you like static . This was my first and last purchase of a V-tech phone . The answering machine had alot of static when someone left a message , and when I 'd talk to someone there was also alot of static and it sounded like they were in a tunnel . I ended up buying a GE 900mghz phone for -LSB- money amount -RSB- and it works GREAT !
 I bought this phone about a year ago and in a few months started having problems with the battery . It simply would not hold charge for more than a hour . Recently it got worse , so I got a brand new 1000 mAH battery and surprisingly still have the same problem . There is some inherent problem with the charging operation of this phone . My advise is - avoid VTECH phones if possible .
 Not a bad phone if you live in a studio apartment and prefer to talk for less than 15 minutes at a time . I would lose reception when I would move about my small home and the battery would die when talking for any extended amount of time . I recommend a phone with a cord . At least you 'll get the same amount of range without the frustration of the limited battery life .
 This is easilly the worst cordless phone I 've ever seen . The sound quality is terrible . It make deafening squealing sounds and the battery lasts about 5 minutes . Steer clear of anything by Vtech .
 So i bought these markers thinking they would make my board look really cool ... . The only marker that actually worked for me was the pink one . And on top of that about 2 weeks after i put it on my board i was trying to erase it and it took 20 minutes and it stained the board . Do not buy these unless you dont care about runing your board .
 Let me start off by saying that the compactness of this calculator , because it folds in half , and clicks shut makes it very easy for transportation . The size of the display is easy to read and the buttons are big enough that hitting the wrong button is less likely.However , as there is a battery back-up I assumed that this would maintain the brightness of the display under different lighting conditions . When it is evening or night , and the only source of light is from a ceiling fixture , then the display loses strength . I have to view the display from a particular angle in order to be able to read it and this is frustrating . When the solar panel is covered then the display shuts down instantaneously.I have a twenty-five year old solar powered scientific calculator , with no battery back-up , by Texas Instruments that has a solar panel that is twice the length of the solar panel on the Royal , and the display is ALWAYS bright , even when using it in the same location of my house as the Royal . I do n't have to place it at a different angle in order to be able to read the display . When I cover the solar panel , the display shuts down gradually and not instantaneously.I get the impression that the solar panel on the Royal calculator is not strong enough . Has anybody else had the same experience with the Royal or is something wrong with my Royal calculator ?
 Based on the images and the one positive review , I thought I had found the right calculator at the right price . Alas , my copy of the calculator , new and tightly sealed up , only flops fully open . The hinge is very loose . That would sort of be ok , but there was one other flaw . The battery came as dead as a doornail . The calculator works fine if I place it about 8 inches below a natural daylight -LRB- Ott -RRB- lamp . Return would be hard as it is open , and packaging damaged beyond use . And simply buying a new battery is not all that easy as it 's an oddball button type . Amazon sells them , but with shipping and shipping time -LRB- I needed this calculator now -RRB- , it 's not worth the it . Since it was cheap , I 'll probably just toss and buy a far less useful calculator locally tomorrow morning . I guess Royal 's Chinese quality control is a bit lacking .
 It appeared that the battery was dead and it never performed reliably on solar . I could n't be bothered to even return it , it 's in the trash where it belongs .
 This unit would not calculate correctly ; it returned wrong results to even the simplest math and would return what appeared to be letters or error codes perhaps but nothing obvious . We did n't open it to use until after the return period expired ; it was bought for one that was failing and we did n't definitely need to open it until it was too late : -LRB- We bought another brand calculator for business at the same time from Amazon and that one is great !
 In my own case , the shipping would have cost $ 2 more than the item itself.Apparently Amazon has gone completely wacko to think anyone would go for that stupid deal . Unless you would like to be the first ...
 I ordered this particular box because of the color - I received one in black - called for an exchange and once again received a black one . The item # matches the black box so I 'm assuming this picture and item description of blue are incorrect . I would have ordered a different one if it was n't for the color .
 I purchased this money box to use at craft sales . Wanted something small but secure and convenient . The box does not have a latch so you can NOT pick it up by the handle unless it is locked . Not very convenient if you just want to move it from one side of the booth to the other!The change and bill tray have to be tilted * just * right and wiggled into and under the slots in order for the lid to close - not at all convenient when you 're trying to stash $ and wait on the next customer !! Or secure when the lid does n't close!I packed the full box in my suitcase for the trip home and half the change wiggeld out of the box - REALLY not secure OR convenient !! I would 've been better off using a shoe box !
 After reading the entire set of instructions , I discovered that this product comes with a warning , due to California Prop . # 65 : `` WARNING
 My item arrived damaged , and I had to pay to insure and ship it back to them . There is also a return merchandise form that you must fill out yourself .
 After installing 2 of the three failed . The problemis with the spring clip that holds the leg in the up position when not in use . After a few flips up and down the springs broke on 2two out of three . I do n'texpect the third to last very long.Thanks for askingRichl
 This product failed within 1 month of installation . It wo n't stay in the `` up '' position because of a failure of the connection between the spring steel and the cast base . Would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this item for a medical center double door for a ambulance , they needed something easy to prop doors open while wheeling in patients . They will hold the door open very well but they lack support to hold them up when not in use . I almost had to remove them because as the door closed they would always come down and not stay up . I temporarily used a paper wedge until I find better product .
 One was missing a spring when we recieved them . The others would hold the stop up for about two weeks . The spring is week and these are junk **************
 I purchased several -LRB- 20 + -RRB- of these door stops and installed them on doors throughout the facility which I manage . After two weeks of use not a single one of these door stops remains in the upright position . I have to remove all of them and purchase something new . If you have a door which which you need propped open 24/7 , they should work out great . But if you need a quality door kick , which you expect to serve its purpose , look elsewhere .
 I needed a door holder of at least five inches . All local hardware stores including Home Depot and Lowes only stock four inch door holders in this price range , usually less than five dollars . Most five inch plus door holders are of commercial grade , cost three to four times as much and are overkill for my intended use on a very light home patio door . I removed this item from its packaging and immediately observed it will not stay in the upright position.No problem with the metal itself , but the design to stay in the upright position is poor and obviously cut corners by using a small piece of sheet metal for this purpose that is ineffective . The second part is the `` rod '' connecting the holder to the mounting base is cheaply made and resembles a poor quality rivet . I did not even bothering installing this item . Not even worth the shipping cost to return it . You get what you pay for .
 The listing says : `` The stop locks in the up position to allow the door to open freely . `` No , it does n't . The leg keeps coming down at the wrong time , jamming the door open and forcing you to bend down to unblock it.Looks solid , but does a bad job.I will be switching it for theStanley magnetic door stop -LRB- which will go on the other side of the door -RRB- . But I 'm annoyed to have drilled four holes in the door , holes that I 'll now have to fill , sand and paint .
 After awhile of use the spring stopped working altogether . I could n't touch the door for the thing dropping into place . Very unhappy with the product . I had to take a wad of paper that I cut and folded to size and wrapped it with a strip of aluminum I cut from a pop can and then shoved into the gap between the arm and the base . For the time being it is working perfectly .
 The only problem I have with this item is that it has a lot of wiggle room when it 's in the upright position . I had to hammer the sides to make it a bit tighter , but still it 's not perfect . I would probably look for a different model , if I needed another one . -LRB- UPDATE
 It wont stay up , every time the door closes it goes flying to the ground . It sucks . When it 's actually down , it does keep the door open but who wants to have to pick it up every single time you open and close the door ?
 I purchased the base unit -LRB- which includes one handset -RRB- and two additional handsets . They worked okay for about a month or so , then the handset started inexplicably dying . Sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or could n't dial . Othertimes the screen said that I was too far away from the base -LRB- even when I was literally right next to the base -RRB- . So I called customer service and they said that it sounded like I needed a new battery -LRB- after a MONTH ! -RRB- . I actually read the directions before using the phone and I was n't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the NI CD batteries would n't develop a memory -LRB- they do n't use the better Lithium Ion batteries that do not develop a memory -RRB- . So this made no sense . Anyway , I went ahead and bought the batteries -LRB- for all three handsets -RRB- and that did n't solve the problem at all . I then went ahead and purchased another handset . Again , no problems for a month and then the same issue . Customer service issued remanufactured phones -LRB- 4 handsets -RRB- and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same.I know I was n't doing anything wrong to cause this . I began searching the Internet and low and behold I am not alone . Apparently a law firm in New Jersey has already filed a class action law suit against Panasonic for the entire KX-TG and KX-TC cordless phone lines . Search `` panasonic cordless phone class action '' on google . It will be the first hit . As an attorney myself -LRB- not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit -RRB- , I can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming.So , I 've learned my lesson the hard way -LRB- although there was n't anything I could 've done differently at the time of purchase -RRB- . Hopefully , my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future . Panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars . Very disappointing and I certainly will not be purchasing the Panasonic brand again .
 I used the phone for about half a year . After 4 months the some of the keys lost their responoisveness - you 'd have to press them really hard to make them work . Then one the handsets failed , followed by another failing a month after , one lost the dial tone , another has it but unable to place or recieve calls.While it worked , it was a nice phone . Too bad that did not last too long .
 Greetings . I bought this system and three additional phones to go with it . I think the design is outstanding , and it 's a great set of features -LRB- being able to have only one base unit and simply add phones in other rooms -RRB- but unfortunately , the reliability is n't there . The LCD displays on two of the phones have crapped out , and now the phone that sits on the base unit keeps losing contact with the base during phones calls , despite the fact that I am only two feet away at my desk when using it . If everything worked as designed and the reliability was good , I 'd be praising this phone to the sky , but as it stands now , I 'd have to say , look for something else .
 ght this phone about a year ago & the keys stopped functioning after 8 months of use , - would not recommend this phone to anyone . .
 I have a 900 MHz DSS Uniden EXI8965 cordless phone which I have had for a few years and have been * very * satisfied with it . It has excellent voice quality , good range , and great battery life and I hope to continue to use this phone for a long time in the future.However , I have a den which does not have a phone jack and therefore I need a dual handset phone so I can have keep a handset in the den at all times . I have been searching for a dual handset cordless phone for some time with the following features : -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Fairly large and comfortable feeling handset . I guess I am old fashioned -LRB- and old -RRB- and like the larger handsets much better than the smaller ones . -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Good voice quality . -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Good range . -LRB- 4 -RRB- . The ability to use both handsets at the same time . Plus the ability when using one handset , to simply pick up the other handset and join in the conversation . -LRB- 5 -RRB- . Speaker in the handset . -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Caller ID/Call Waiting -LRB- 7 -RRB- . Chain dialing for long distance and calling card usage . -LRB- 8 -RRB- . At least 50 memory locations for storing caller ids . -LRB- 9 -RRB- . Five or more last number redials . -LRB- 10 -RRB- . Lighted keypad . -LRB- 11 -RRB- . Large display with date and time of call , caller name , and caller number on one screen . -LRB- 12 -RRB- . Selectable ring tones by caller . I now have BellSouth Complete Choice local service where you can have a distinctive ring for up to 10 different numbers . Using this feature , I can tell when my kids or grandkids are calling before I answer the phone . However , I ca n't tell which one is calling because there is only one distinctive ring . I was looking for something like the AT&T ; VIP ring feature . -LRB- 13 -RRB- . Misc other features like Intercom , handset paging , and fairly secure transmission . No answering machine capability . -LRB- 14 -RRB- . I did n't want to pay over about $ 100 for the phone set.I found the Panasonic KX-TG2357B on sale at Staples -LRB- $ 20 rebate -RRB- . It seemed to have gotten pretty good reviews on the Internet for the most part so I decided to go ahead and buy it . The phone had an answering system which I did n't need but the $ 20 rebate was enough to help convince me to buy it anyway . I came home and unpacked it and plugged it in for its 6 hour charge . I installed the base station at one end of the house and the extra handset at the other end of the house in my den . After charging , I began testing the phones out.Pros
 I was excited on purchasing this phone with the Talking Caller ID feature . I programmed my phone numbers and it does not work ! I called Panasonic customer service and the phone company and it still does n't work - such a disappointment . The caller ID works just fine except the talking caller ID : -LRB-
 The phone has great features , and we use it in our office ... but never before have so many clients ask us to repeat ourselves or annunciate our words because `` we sound far away '' . Apparently these Panasonic phones last a good three months before people start having difficulty hearing you . Everyone in the office has to yell , and frankly it is getting annoying . We are getting rid of them and buying another brand.I do n't know whether the other earlier posts are by actual customers or sales reps , but you will know what I mean in a few months .
 OK , I 'll admit it I 've owned Panasonic 5.8 GHz phones for years so this is not my first one . They work great for about 12-18 mos and then the `` planned obsolescent '' time bomb goes off . The phone VERY often loses connectivity to the base which is 8 feet from the hand set . This means that I 'll pick it up and the phone is dead . By now I 've learned how to fix that which requires doing one OR more of the following
 I bought this phone to replace an old sony 900 mhz and separate answering machine set up . I thought it would be nice to replace the two units with one.Bad move . Everything seemed fine with the panasonic unit at first -- i was impressed with all the nifty features -- but when I called myself -LRB- using my cell phone -RRB- the answering machine cut off after about 10 seconds and did n't register that a message had been left . I went online to the panasonic site and tried all the `` tips '' including setting the date / time , setting the record time , using the default greeting , `` rebooting '' the machine several times , all to no avail . I even tried replacing the unit with a new one . Again , no luck.I 'm back to my old Sony set up . It 's old and ugly , but at least it works ...
 Base handset lost connection with base station . Before this , the range was very poor . A waste of money . Look for something else , and not a V-Tech . They are bad too .
 We have been traveling since receiving this product and leave again today for three weeks . This phone is defective and does not work properly . The answering machine has such poor sound quality that it makes it impossible to understand the message -LRB- I have been having more success with a phone kept in the bedroom that I purchased at Walmart for under $ 30 with messages clearly audible ; this phone I purchased through you was approximately $ 150 ! -RRB- . The speaker on one of the phones does not work at all . Also , on several calls , the phone just cuts out or drops the call.Unfortunately , I have not been able to find my packing slip , but would like to be able to return this phone which I purchased on my American Express card . I ordered the phone because it was the same model as my original phone , but this did not fit the wall mount causing us to hire someone to make adjustments . This was a refurbished telephone , but apparently the job was n't successful.When we return from our trip , I will attempt to spend more time on this problem as we are very dissatisfied with this product .
 This phone system would be pretty nice except for the EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY KEYPAD . Ours worked okay for about a year , then the keypad became unreliable and very difficult to use . Numbers have to be depressed several times -LRB- with a lot of pressure -RRB- to get them to enter -LRB- particularly 1 , 2 , and 3 -RRB- , then will frequently enter 2X when they finally take . I 've sometimes found it impossible to dial a number because of the errors it introduces , particularly when trying to enter account numbers , etc. for automated services . If Panasonic were a decent company , they would have never allowed such garbage to be made and sold . Given our experience , I will never trust another Panasonic product and strongly suggest you buy from a different -LRB- quality -RRB- manufacturer .
 We purchased these phones less than two years ago . As with everything , I sent in the warranty information so that they have our registration on record.First , the positives : We love the `` talking caller ID '' feature . I wo n't buy a phone without it . The reception is great , even in the basement or way back in the backyard . The speakerphone on the main base works great , too . These additional headsets are small and take up virtually no room , and they 're sleek and streamlined , so they look good . The batteries have never died , and the phones stay charged for quite awhile off the charging base before needing re-charging . However : After about 15 months , the keypads began to fail . First , the number 1 went -LRB- the most common , I know -RRB- . Then , it became difficult to dial other numbers , until finally one of the phones almost does n't dial at all . After calling customer service , Panasonic would not replace the phone nor offer a replacement -LRB- or compensation , either -RRB- . These phones were n't cheap , and we expected them to last more than they did for the price -LRB- and their minimal use - no one is home during the day -RRB- . I would not recommend these phones in general because of their poor quality in comparison to the price . I am also disappointed in their customer service or failure to stand behind a product.I 've had better luck with cheaper phones .
 I ordered this item and received it , the phone never worked , it would not ring so the Caller ID and the answering system would not work , Amazon replaced it and the new one worked for one call and then never rang again , same problem , without the ring the answering systam and the caller ID never worked . Calls to Panasonic help line were useless in both cases , they knew nothing about the product and could n't have cared less whether it worked or not .
 I bought these originally thinking the price was for 10 -LRB- the Amazon ad did say that and I ended up getting them for free , but I digress -RRB- . These work just fine if you 're a waiter or bartender , but for something I generally scribble all over and then throw away , close to two dollars a pack is a little expensive . I found a ten pack at office depot for about ten bucks and with no shipping .
 I bought it because we needed a portable easel to hold a melamine board that was roughly 3.5 x 4 . It was too light weight and while it said it could hold 25 pounds -LRB- our board was 18 lbs -RRB- I felt it was over stated and it was not suitable at all.The easel was delivered promptly . Service was good . I was just very disappointed in the product .
 I bought this phone as a Christmas present for a friend . We now refer to it as the `` possessed '' phone . It clicks and makes strange noises , even when fully charged . You get what you pay for .
 The price is right , but when I talk into this phone it does n't sound natural . The voice of the person that I am talking to is good , but my voice sounds wierd . Maybe all cordless phones are this way . I do n't know .
 I bought this phone because Uniden phones come so highly recomended . It has so many features for the price . They must have scimped on quality when adding the extras . I did not care for this phone . The recoreding quality for the outgoing message was very poor . When making a call the volume for the person I was talking to was low even on the highest setting . My own voice however was unbelievably loud in my own ear . The answering machine had a bit of an echo and there is no place to write down the stored numbers so you know who is in which spot . I am returning this phone and will try a higher end Uniden .
 We 've had this phone for about a year and have n't been thrilled . The most disappointing is the answering machine . The outgoing message is not very clear and the incoming are scratchy and not clear either . Just this last week it finally kicked the bucket . I thought it was just the battery but we 've replaced it and it still is not working . I 'm searching for a replacement now , wo n't be buying another one of these though .
 The handset is WAY too quiet and will not keep a charge . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are of poor sound quality . Do n't even consider purchasing this product no matter the price .
 The 9 button works sporadically . Needs a new battery but had a hard time finding one and cost was half as much as a new phone . Phone only a little more than a year old .
 This product is very average . It is difficult to figure out the right length of cord to wrap so that the cord can reach the outlet and also the computer or other electrical device . By the time I had all my cords in it , the lid would n't fit on and some cords are too tight and the organizer wo n't sit on the floor . It also is not very durable -- it is just made of cheap plastic . It did help with my cord clutter but I think there is probably a better system out there .
 I read the reviews and had high hopes for this stand , but it is completely unstable and unsafe . The two pieces do n't fit together in a way that keeps the laptop in position . It even bounces when a breeze comes through my window ! It 's tipped over backwards several times . I 've just returned it and would advise you avoid this stand .
 Useless . Whatever your laptop , all this will do is raise it 3/4 of an inch off the table or desktop . A worthless piece of plastic.It kind of works if I prop it up on several books though keyboard still in awful position . However , I had this propped up on books before , it worked OK , and the books were free.Wish I could give it zero stars .
 The stand is constrained by the angle of the laptop screen . I have an HP Pavilion and the screen only tips back to about a 135 degree angle . So if I want to use the stand to 1/2 of more of its possible adjustment , the screen will be facing downward . I can get the screen about 9 inches above the desk ; I would like a little more but ca n't happen.There is nothing that really holds the laptop on the stand , so I am a little concerned about the potential to get knocked over . When the cleaning people come in , I take it off the stand just in case .
 The merit is that can hold a lot of weight without problem and the laptop is steady . But , it is not as sleek as it seems at the photo , it covers a lot of space -LRB- more than the computer itself -RRB- , and also does not give for me the right angle ; It goes the computer to high and the screen can not go at a vertical position -LRB- it depends also from the computer -RRB- . I would not buy it again , I would try some other product in case they were better .
 It 's so slippery , my laser mouse did n't work at all . There 's little tactile feedback , it just feels like you 're gliding across fake marble or something . Very very uncomfortable . Ended up throwing it away , basically .
 This is very pretty , however , the mouse goes crazy and you are unable to control it . I would guess that the surface is too slick . I would n't buy this again !
 It 's so slippery , my laser mouse did n't work at all.do not pay attention to other positive comments , which are all fabricated . trust me .
 I 've had this Quartet easel for a few months now holding up a flipchart for a few hours once a month . I was initially disappointed to see it uses twist-locks on the legs , but I thought it would only be an annoyance . Wrong . Despite being careful/gentle with my twists , the 2nd time I used it and tried to collapse the legs when done , I needed to use pliers to loosen the twist-lock on one leg . And now , a month later pliers would n't even work to loosen and collapse TWO of the legs.Note
 We have an Ipoint at home that works fine , so I ordered one for my class where it gets light use . Right off the bat this one only sharpened part of the wood like a lot of people have been saying . If you 're like me , you read these reviews trying to see if the good outweighs the bad & visa versa . Sometimes it 's hard to tell , so I 'll just say if you get a GOOD one it will work great , but if you do n't , it wo n't .
 I do NOT recommend buying this pencil sharpener . Another poorly `` Made In China '' item to add to my collection . I 've wasted numerous pencils because it unevenly sharpens . For example , one side will be sharp and the other side still has the wood all the way to the tip ... so you have to keep sharpening to try and even it out , wasting much of the pencil . It 's really annoying that something so simple does n't even function properly .
 This sharpener stopped working for us after about six months -LRB- or less -RRB- . What a waste of money . Do n't bother with this useless pencil sharpener .
 Bought one of these at Costco . Within a year the plastic gear on the internal motor broke , so all the machine would do is make a grinding sound but not sharpen . Then bought a replacement at Costco . That one did n't work even out of the box - completely dead.These are junk , I will move on to a different brand .
 First , you have to hold a pencil in for hours to get it to sharpen . Second , the point still is n't pointy . Third , I ca n't get the top off , so now that it 's full , I ca n't empty it .
 I have ruined so many pencils with this pencil sharpener . No matter what type I buy , it sharpens them on one side of the pencil and often leaves the other side still encased in the wood . We have a 20 year old Panasonic at work and I wind up taking the pencils to work to sharpen them and then bring them back home . Now , I getting a Panasonic . I hope it works better than this one .
 Never worked correctly ... got so frustrated I threw it on the ground and broke it . Do n't buy it .
 This item only worked for a couple of weeks before it completely gave out . I sent it back to the warrantor . In a few weeks I got it or a replacement back . It worked for another couple of weeks , but now it does n't shut off unless it is unplugged . I already spent around $ 10 sending it for repair as it is a big item so this time I will just junk it and accept the loss .
 Yes , this thing worked well - for a month . Now it just spins and spins with no results . Too bad I ca n't find my receipt .
 This is a terrible sharpener . There 's some sort of design flaw so it does n't sense the pencil unless you push really hard , but it 's not powerful enough -LRB- even with fresh batteries -RRB- to handle hard pushing . Not recommended .
 I am an artist , I do a lot of pencil drawing , so I wanted to get a high quality pencil sharpener . This one costs $ 30 , so I thought I would be getting a good product . It is n't . Do not waste your money and time . It does not do anything it claims . It 's supposed to bring the pencil to a perfect point with it 's `` hands-free '' system . You 're supposed to be able to put the pencil in and it will hold it automatically and sharpen it , then turn off when it 's sharp . What it actually does is whirr , and look like it 's doing something , but it never brings the pencil to a point , and never turns off automatically . To be fair , it does sharpen the pencils somewhat , but so do those little plastic sharpeners you can buy for 25 cents . For $ 30 , though , I was , to say the least , disappointed . The only reason it got one star was because I could n't give it zero . Boo on this product ; Boooooo !
 This sharpener is of very poor quality . It works temporarily until it melts down -- batteries short out quickly , with a loud pop and lots of heat . Stay away from this piece of junk .
 After sharpening less than 50 pencils over a several month period , it stopped working . Blades turn but no longer sharpen . My son 's teacher had one at school , and it failed very quickly too .
 I spent the extra money purchasing this pencil sharpener , thinking it would not only work well , but last at least a year or two . Not so it sharpened ok the first few times , then it was just horrible , after 6 months no longer worked , and it 's not like I used it every day . On occasion , when needed my son would use it - Do n't waste your money on this over priced sharpener , you could probably get something even better for lesser money .
 For the record , it does sharpen the pencils easily - but every time when I try to dump the pencil waste , and afterwards , the iPoint died ! There must be some stupid design in it that triggers the auto-stop bug and it 's a stop * forever * ! I have tried 3 times and it failed me 3 times.Decide for yourself if you want it .
 I have bought two of these for my classroom . Both of them died within a week . I thought the first one was a fluke but no ! If you use it too much at one time it overheats and shuts down . TERRIBLE !
 It 's ironic that they named this the `` iPoint '' , because that 's exactly what this machine does NOT do . It creates a pencil tip that you can write with , but there 's no `` point '' whatsoever . What you end up with is the equivalent of a 0.7 mm dull mechanical pencil . If you 're an artist like myself who counts on your pencil sharpener to give you a crisp , sharp tip to work with , you 'll be extremely disappointed with this product . On top of it , it 's quite loud ; loud enough to scare the cats and disrupt phone conversations . Next time I 'll pick up an old fashioned Boston or Panasonic instead .
 I wish I could give this zero stars !!! Absolutely the worst pencil sharpener I ever bought . It does not sharpen at all . You have to force the pencil down and hope the sharpener even works . Then mine said its a automatic sharpener , well that never worked either . Do n't waste your time buying it and then having to return it .
 Only lasted 3 months of light use . I have had it with the electrics , going back to the old fashioned manual type .
 Thinking of buying this product ? DO N'T ! It absolutely DOES NOT WORK ! I was excited about getting this as it looked like it would take up little space on my desk and keep my pencils easily sharpened . I purchased it for a discounted price at a store where it is easy to return for a refund or credit . I would be annoyed at having to pack it up and ship it back otherwise . I 'm not sure why they would advertise this as an `` automatic '' device - for it is n't . You have to push down hard on your pencil and even then if you are starting with a brand new pencil it does nothing but make noise . I tried it on another previously sharpened but dull pencil and it did n't work on that one either . Save yourself the aggravation and buy something else !
 This pencil sharpener breaks the lead off pencils just as they are sharpened . We have wasted countless pencils . I thought this pencil sharpener would work great since it was quite expensive . Do not be fooled .
 Talk about being shocked ; I sure was ! I had high expectations for this sharpener . It looked rather revolutionary , and it sounded good in the reviews , but did n't do well at all . I ordered two of them and one was dead on arrival , while the other was weak , noisy , and ineffective . I can not remember the last time that I was more disappointed in a product !
 As a classroom teacher , I do not recommend buying this sharpener . I was looking for a sturdy pencil sharpener for the classroom . This looked like it would hold up . As you can see it is March and I am shopping for a new sharpener . It only sharpens one side of the pencil . My students are left with one side all wood and one side of lead showing . I have to be creative and find a way to chip the wooden side of the point . Not a good buy for the money .
 Ca n't rate it because the size -LRB- length -RRB- is not given ! I love the largest ones but ca n't tell if this is what I want !
 This product is just a terrible design . I am in the middle of packing up my house and am so dissapointed with this product that I am taking the time to write this review in the hopes that other people wo n't buy it and save themselves money time and trouble . The tension is terrible to try and work with , it takes a lot of work to get it to cut the tape , and I 've wasted a good amount of tape trying to get it to cut . I finally resorted to using scissors to cut the tape off ... not what I had planned to do today while trying to pack up my house amidst 5 small children ... Please do n't buy this tape dispenser .
 Whilst moving , everything can be hectic and exsausting particularly if you have a lot of stuff , own your own business and to top it all off , happen to be a single woman living on her own , thus ; i bought this tape dispenser to help save time and energy for myself as i was moving cross country at the time and in no shape for hastling with faulty mechanics like this dispenser here -- i can not tell you how annoying this little buggar is to operate , it does the opposite that modern innovations should do for the operator which is save time , energy and money , it did all the opposite and beyond , it does not work trust me , i tried to pack many various shaped movingboxes with this following it 's operating instructions verbatim and nothing worked on any sized cardboard box that i attempted to seal it on with . PASS !
 This tape dispenser -LRB- model ST-181 -RRB- has a terrible design ; no matter what size package you try to use it on , the tape will not tear off the roll without Herculean effort ... the directions tell you to raise up the clear plastic shield if you want to tear the tape off manually ... this requires more than 2 hands ! I am going back to my 20-yr-old dispenser ; this one is nothing but pure frustration . Very disappointing from 3M/Scotch Tape .
 This thing is a total waste of money . Thanks in part to some ` safety cutting edge ' , it is almost impossible to cut the tape without having the tape get all bunched up or come loose off the dispenser . I ended up having to use a scissors to cut the tape , which flies counter to the whole point of having a tape dispenser role . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! PS
 This tape dispenser is not worth your time or money . I bought it for cheaper than it is currently listed at $ 8.96 and it still was not even worth that . The design seems good at first and it has a nice little handle , but it ca n't cut the tape without an extreme fight and I have to put so much pressure on the box I am worried I 'm going to either crush the part of the box I 'm taping or the dispenser is going to go flying once it finally does get cut -LRB- which never happens without putting an extreme amount of pressure in an awkward holding position -RRB- . Look elsewhere for your dispenser .
 I had the earlier `` non-safety '' model of this dispenser for 10 + years and it worked just fine until duct tape could no longer hold certain parts together anymore . This new retractable ` safety ' blade is a complete pain ... someone 's gon na get hurt being ` safe ' . Do n't waste your money or your time . Get one of the other models without a retractable blade and in order for it to be `` safe '' , put it away when you 're finished ... do n't leave it lying around anywhere , and tell your children it 's `` not safe for children '' ... only to be used by tool saavy grown-ups please . Some versions have a free roll of tape that comes with and it 's for the trash too ! Use a 3M dispenser with Duck HD double-roll tape . I do a LOT of packaging and it 's the combo I prefer . I 'm ordering the Duck Shark dispenser today to see how that is too . I love the tape and hoping to love the Shark just as much !
 I used my trusty 3M Gray tape gun for at least 10 years until some packers accidentally took it when I was helping my mom move . I sell on eBay so I needed a new one quick , and I picked this one up because it was all the local megastore had . What a disaster !! That safety thing is totally ridiculous . I have toddlers in my home and I just keep the thing away from them ! Maybe if you 're new to tape guns and you do n't use them often you can work with this . But if you 're accustomed to the 3M one , or want to move quickly when you pack , forget this piece of junk . Thank goodness Amazon sells my old one , I 'm going to overnight it right away !
 The tape is great but I 'm not smart enough to figure out how to load the dispenser . Sure appears to be a piece of junk not typical of 3M products . Shame on you guts !!!
 Title says it all . It simply will not slice the tape . Every time you seal a package you end up with a tangled mess of tape . Wish I would have read the other reviews first .
 We had a 3M tape dispenser that we used for almost 20 years that worked great . We moved five times , twice long distance , and packed up literally tons of books and records and cd 's and household stuff . The 3M dispenser worked great . Then someone walked off with it at an event we volunteered for , and we had to buy a replacement , so we got this model from Sam 's Club bundled with rolls of tape . What a waste of money ! The retractable cutting edge requires that you bend back the plastic flipper to get the cutter out far enough to cut the tape . This is more hazardous than the remote chance of cutting yourself on a fixed blade . Also , if the tape roll unwinds even slightly too much tape , it sticks to the spring-lever brake and you have to wrestle with it to get the tape unstuck , another hazard . My wife called Scotch to complain about it and they said we would have to send them a photo ! Hah . From these reviews they obviously knew they have a design problem . Save yourself some grief and frustration and avoid this product . When they have sold all their back-stock they will probably discontinue it anyway . Piece of junk .
 This is one of those products that is completely useless . I tried following the unclear diagram for loading the tape and apparently it just passed through the metal gate and roller and that 's it . You still have to place it by hand on the box and then it is very difficult to cut . It would actually be easier and faster to just put the roll of tape on your wrist and have a scissors in the other hand . It 's just that absolutely useless . The people who posted the positive reviews must either work for 3M or sell them for a living !
 This dispenser is a piece garbage . I did n't get cut out of this thing . I ended up throwing the thing away . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Buy something else . Nothing can be as useless as this !
 Never in my life did I think a tape dispenser would be a source of so much frustration , but after using this , and constantly having the tape curl up back into itself , I realized I 'm not alone . Piece of garbage .
 Problem being , I use my stapler about 50 times a day . After a while , these jam up and can be quite annoying . If you use your stapler infrequently , this is a fine unit . It you use yours often , I 'd recommend a higher end stapler like the 747 .
 When I bought this I was making a music list book and I needed more pocket protectors . But these are not right for me .
 light weight , cheap construction , the slide loader broke easily with in the first week of use !
 I bought this item for the price and quality of previous Swingline Electric Staplers . I received it sooner than expected and I was elated . I registered it on-line and used it at work , stapling no more than 5 pages at a time . Less than 6 hours of starting to use it , it jammed and I could not un-jam it . I called the 800 number of the MFG and customer service told me that this model was discontinued 4 years ago , if I had known that , I would not have purchased this item . So now I am out the money I spent and I do not have a working stapler !
 Awful - cheap , volume does n't go very high , eject takes forever and makes horrible scrunching sound every time you close it no matter how slowly , buttons depress so hard I had to use my thumb , if you do n't push down hard and hold buttons the tape tries to move but does n't , the machine keeps stopping in the middle of playback , had to keep resetting every time I unplugged it -LRB- and the reset button on the bottom of the machine , need a pointed pen or something to push it -RRB- - enough ?! Amazon nicely took it back , offered me refund or replacement - I need a recorder for work , so am desparate and opted for the replacement . Buttons on new one work quite a bit better and it does n't keep shutting off during playback , eject process not quite so bad - BUT , it 's still cheaply made and does n't work nearly as smoothly as my 15-year-old Radio Shack recorder . So do n't buy this unless you ca n't find another -LRB- I could n't - radio shack does n't have similar product anymore -RRB- .
 Item was listed as new . Clearly was not new because tape already had peoples voices recorded . tape recorder would not even turn on . cassette door was broken . seller is not very flexible . no owners manual in box . glass/plastic in door was out of place . working on a refund or replacement .
 My first Swingline 520e last about a year . It just suddenly stopped working . We hardly used it and certainly did n't stuff it . It just stopped working . Because we still had tons of Swingline staple cartridges , we bought another 520e . Very stupid mistake . The second one lasted about 9 months , as a usage rate of about twice a week.These staplers are lemons and you should stay away . I am here on Amazon trying to find another better model .
 Very disappointed with this stapler . It jams constantly to point where I threw it in the garbage today . For the price I would have expected this unit to last for years but it has been jamming since it came out of the box . We 're going back to the old fashion method today .
 A long time fan of the Epson Glossy Photo paper , I found it harder to buy in bulk . Reviews for the HP were very good so I tried . I ca n't wait till it 's used up . It 's thinner stock than the Epson which feels flimsy for a photo . HP prints their name on the back in black lettering which is sometimes seen through the image . Finally , I 'm not wowed by the look , it just seems a bit flat .
 Paper is heavy and prints quite well It is impossible to use paper for cards because there are text and images on the back of the paper the whiteness of the paper is not as good as I am used to . The Disney junk that came with it is worthless and I hate to think I spent $ for that
 I bought this stapler because it looked to be of solid construction . It costed more than most staplers , but I wanted a solid stapler that would work the first time every time , and I did not much care that it was uninspiring to look at.This stapler worked for about 6 months and then broke . It broke such that you could only staple once . Then you had to open the staple compartment on top , close it gently so as to not disturb the staples , and then you could staple once more . The problem , you see , is that the `` staple guillotine '' that comes down to separate a staple from its bundle and compress it through your paper and into a fold -- could not automatically position itself above another staple in the staple bundle once it had separated and stapled a first staple . This constitutes exceptionally poor design , as the ability of the `` staple guillotine '' to reposition itself is one of the few key parameters in good stapler design . In order to fix this stapler , I will need to remove the `` staple guillotine '' , take it to the machine shop , pay a machinist $ 30/hr to shave 1 mm off the bottom of the guillotine , and then put it all back together . The average office mate should not need a machine shop to get stapling potential!Save your money and look elsewhere .
 I bought these cards to thank people for their wedding gifts . Granted it 's not always easy to know what you 're ordering online , I was disappointed by the printing quality and the card stock.I 'm not an expert on cards , but the stock seemed flimsy and thin , and really not much thicker than ordinary paper . The printing itself is inconsistent and I think I could have pulled off the same job on a regular office printer.I 'm not going to use these cards to thank people for their wedding gifts . People spent good money on gifts for us , and I feel they deserve to receive a better quality card from us , expressing our appreciation.These cards might work for more casual uses , eg to thank someone for a nice gesture they did for you . I would n't use these to thank a client or a boss.Just my 2 cents ...
 I ordered these to use as Thank You cards , and they look incredibly cheap . They look just as if I would have put them together by myself at home , using my home printer to print them on regular paper . Not worth the price , not worth any price , unless it is less than what it would cost you to print them up yourself.Thankfully I also ordered another set , the ` Black and Cream Thank You Cards ' from Peter Pauper Press , which cost half as much , and looks more than twice as nice .
 My fiance and i think they 're lovely , but it would sure be nice to know how many are actually in a package !?
 The scissors were cheap , which just about described it in terms of quality . They are okay for cutting paper , but they would likey break on anything heavier .
 I 've had two different units of this model , and both broke for different reasons . I purchased the first unit 2 years ago . Just before the one year warranty expired , I had to have the unit replaced because the tabs that latch the compartment to install the fax ribbon were flimsy and they broke . The fax machine would not work without this compartment closed . Panasonic sent me a replacement unit , and this second unit broke within a year as well . It started registering errors on every fax it attempted to send . The faxes would either not start or would stop half way through transmission . I 'm tossing it and getting another brand .
 This is the worst typewriter i have ever used . very cheaply made . a piece has fallen off under the roller . can not type avery labels on a 81/2 x 11 sheet it ruins the labels because they get caught in the carriage return . it deserves no stars at all .
 I purchased this typewriter a few years ago and I really dislike it . I am a fast typer and the striker does n't keep up with the speed at which I 'm typing and it gets confusing to hear it strike after I 've hit the keys . I feel as though I 'm always waiting for the typewriter to catch up to me . The clear plastic paper holder does n't do a good job of holding the page close enough to the carriage . There is no line guide so that whenever I want to type on a certain line on a page I 'm either above the line or below it . And because I lost my owner 's manual it took me some time to figure out how to get it out of the CAPS Lock mode . Other features as well are just too confusing for me . I 'm looking for an IBM .
 I would n't advise anyone to buy this typewriter . I bought a Brother GX-6750 typewriter from an office supply chain store because a typewriter is good to use in filling out forms , which I do a lot of in my work . The instructions are poorly written , and the design of the machine is bad . For example , there is no way to tell if the shift lock is on or off . You know that little light on the `` caps lock '' key on the keyboard of your computer , which is just like the light on the `` caps lock '' key on older electric typewriters ? This machine does not have one . It is also difficult to read what you have typed . Furthermore , setting margins is confusing and on the second day after I bought it , some how the caps lock became stuck and it not only would not print lower case letters , it would not even type numbers . No matter what I tried to do with the shift keys , 2012 always came out @ -RRB- ! @ . I am taking it back to the store tomorrow and asking for a refund , as well as asking the manager why they even sell such a defective product . Twenty five years ago I owned a Smith-Corona electric typewriter that was better than this thing and forty years ago I owned a manual typewriter that was better than this GX-6750 . I wish I had either one of them now . Avoid the Brother GX-6750 at all costs .
 I bought this typewrite for my 84 year old mother . She was delighted when it arrived only to find that ALL the directions were in SPANISH ! . And when she plugged it in , it made a terrible screatching sound . I tried to contact the Seller , -LRB- UNIQUE FINDZ -RRB- but they didn not respond to my emails . I do have to say that we were very please with Amazon throughout the entire process . THey refunded the price othe the typewriter and the shipping and handling involved . But I cant help but be wary about online purchases.Brother GX-6750 Daisy Wheel Electronic Typewriter
 Very poorly designed & poorly performing product . Actually a useless product.Thankfully , Amazon provided a full refund including pre-paid return postage .
 So far , I 'm not impressed . The typewriter malfunctioned the first day . I 've not sent anything back yet . I 'm hoping that I can troubleshoot and therefore keep the product for future use .
 I 'VE OWNED THIS TYPEWRITER FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND , FOR THE PRICE , IT PROBABLY IS N'T A BAD DEAL ; BUT IF YOU HAVE TO DO A LOT OF TYPING , DO N'T EXPECT IT TO HOLD UP . THE DAISYWHEEL IS ACTUALLY MADE OF PLASTIC AND I HAVE HAD TO REPLACE IT TWICE.FILLING IN FORMS , EVEN IN ` VIEW MODE , '' IS NERVEWRACKING AND PRONE TO FREQUENT ERRORS.COMPARING IT TO THE OLD IBM ELECTRONIC IS LIKE COMPARING A YUGO TO A MERCEDES !
 This typewriter lasted about four months before it started typing the wrong letters . Replaced the daisy wheel , but that did n't help . Every time it 's turned off and back on again , the letters change .
 the item arrived in un-working order . i 'm not really sure what it 's true capabilities were , as i never used it . the hammer did n't work .
 The first one arrived DoA . No power . I tried it in a few sockets but no luck . So I asked for a replacement.The replacement arrived and upon inspecting the insides , there was ink on a lot of the typewriter . The ink ribbon and the daisy wheel had fallen off . So I cleaned it up a bit , but I found the ink would n't come off with rubbing alcohol so I had to leave most of it on . Anyways , I put the ink ribbon and daisy wheel back on and typed for a while . Most of the characters came out incorrectly . After a couple of hours of this I become frustrated and decided to ask for a refund .
 I bought this for my 80-year-old mother , who is disabled and ca n't cope with a computer . Every time the typewriter is turned on , we find that it either types the wrong letter -LRB- press a Q , it prints an S ; press E and get P , etc. -RRB- or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly -LRB- some overlapping , some huge spaces -RRB- . There is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that , supposedly , will reset the programming . But this is just too much for Mom . Also , every time it 's turned on , you have to re-program the line spacing , the tabs and everything else . I ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-Bay and Mom is much happier with it .
 I had this typewriter for about 4 months and then the keys starting typing incorrectly . I would not recommend anyone to purchase it .
 This machine is horrible . It was very frustrating to operate and it does not work properly . I 'm not sure if it was damaged during shipping , because the seller said that it worked perfect before it was shipped . I could not get the ribbon in easily . When changing the letter wheel , the machine would make a loud grinding sound . I was able to reset it once , to make the grinding stop . I needed to adjust it again , and then it started the grinding sound and I could n't get it to stop . I would definately not buy this product used !
 I bought this machine as a canon loyalist , and because its pretty . Well it pretty much is a nightmare , as another reviewer said , I have spent hours and hours trying to figure out how to get it to switch from fax to phone , it always answers fax . The ring is ungodly loud and I ca n't figure out how to reduce it . I tried three different answering machines with it and returned them to best buy , staples and radio shack as none of them worked with this machine . If i could get my money back I would . It is a waste of money if you want a fax phone . Copies are nice and if all you want is fax , its ok . Instructions are confusion personified and I too am a tech person who sets all things up herself .
 I have many electonic ` gadgets ' . I am the one who sets them up and maintains them , from our TV , audio system , computer , etc. . This is not my first fax machine , but may be my last . I wanted it as a fax and also as a faster way of making black and white copies . Scanning can be a pain when you are in a hurry . Well , scanning is faster and easier than this thing .
 I purchased this phone for my father since he needs the boost in volume and clarity during phone conversations , however , I would not buy it again . I did n't get to try it out since I sent it directly to him -LRB- big mistake -RRB- so I did n't realize that it is too complicated for an older person , the voice clarity is not good , and the caller ID function does not work in the same way that a regular phone does . The boost in volume is way too loud and muffled . Not a good purchase , and I wish we had sent it back now .
 WE WAITED A LONG TIME FOR THIS STAPLER , WHEN IT FINALLY CAME , WE LOADED IT UP WITH PREMIUM STANDARD STAPLES AND TRIED IT OUT . FROM THE FIRST STAPLE TO THE LAST THE STAPLER THREW THE ENTIRE LOAD OF STAPLES OUT WITH SUCH FORCE I COULD N'T BELIEVE IT . AS SOON THE TOP WAS DEPRESSED THE WHOLE LOT OF STAPLES INSIDE THE STAPLER SHOT OUT OF IT LIKE A GUN , ONCE HITTING ME IN THE FACE SO HARD I WAS STUNNED , AND HAVE A DEEP RED MARK TO PROVE IT . IT HURT LIKE CRAZY . I AM SENDING THIS STUPID DEFECTIVE AND DANGEROUS ITEM BACK IN THE NEXT MAIL . STAY AWAY . GOOD THING I WAS FAR ENOUGH AWAY WHEN THE STAPLES HIT ME OR I WOULD BE SENDING THE ER BILL BACK WITH IT . BEWARE , THESE PEOPLE DO N'T SEEM TO EVER HAVE HEARD OF &#34; PRODUCT LIABILITY &#34; .
 I had a chance to order the red Swingline 747 stapler through work as a joke . The stapler stopped stapling correctly after about two weeks ; I also found it was harder on the hands that the standard plastic Swingline office stapler . Which it turns out was the model they used in the movie `` Office Space '' , not the 747 model . What was Swingline thinking ?? Save yourself the money . Thumbs down !
 This stapler is great when it is new . Unfortunately it will eventually need to be refilled and that is where you run into problems . The staples split . The stapler jams and explodes staples all over the place.Have fun picking up staples .
 Another sad example of Chinese junk !!! The stapler made famous by its legacy on American desks and the movie Office Space is ... dead . This piece of junk was cracked because it was made of plastic , and stapled once because it 's mechanism was cheap metal that jammed . It 's not even good enough for a paperweight because the color is n't even correct or uniform ! Take my advice , either pay for the standard metal stapler , made somewhere else if possible , or hold on to the one you 've got . By the way , tried ordering a replacement , which Amazon promptly sent , only to receive another POS that was in even worse condition ! Avoid , Avoid , Avoid !!!!
 Yeah , yeah it 's a red stapler . But half the time it jams or staples funny . I use it daily and am about to throw it away .
 Heavy stapler but with , I think , weak `` internals '' . It failed on me after 3 months of usage at the office.Time to move on .
 This stapler got jammed while stapling a modest 20 sheet regular printer paper stack . Did I end up getting a defective piece ? Nevertheless , my experience has not been good .
 I got this b/c of the film , like so many others . I * want * to love it ; I 've carried it from job to job for years and proudly display it on my desk . But -LRB- ! -RRB- I hardly ever use it . It tends to jam , the rubber base slips off easily , and overall it 's less reliable than my other staplers . Sad , but true . Perhaps I got a lemon ?
 This stapler effectively cost me about $ 1 per staple . After a about a dozen staples , it would not staple anything . The staples would come out twisted and bent . Removing all traces of broken staples was of no use . After 30 minutes , and over 3 dozen attempts and continued inspection -LRB- checking for remaining pieces of staples -RRB- , I felt as frustrated as the Office Space guys fighting with the HP LaserJet -LRB- PC LOAD LETTER ? What the **** does that mean ?!? -RRB- My $ 5 cheap no name stapler has never failed me , I just though this stapler would be a cool touch to my home office . At least I got to take a baseball bat to it !
 I was visually impressed by this stapler 's sturdy look and feel . However , despite its heavy metal body , I barely got one year 's use out of it . Moderate use in a classroom setting ... within 5 months the staples started to jam frequently . Before the end of the school year , it stopped functioning all together and some sort of metal piece just literally broke off and fell out of it . Into the trash it went .
 I 'd love to love my red Swingline stapler , but it fell apart after a short time because one of the main components is made of cheap plastic and the stapler was manufactured incorrectly . If you peel back the rubber base and look inside at the pivot end of the stapler , you will see a little black plastic bar that goes across the width of the base . That piece holds the two halves of the stapler together , and it is peened in place to avoid loosening . Unfortunately , the peening on my stapler was inferior , and that combined with the weakness of the plastic caused the piece to come off rendering the stapler useless . Swingline used to be a quality product , but this thing is a cheap , poorly made POS .
 I have purchased countless items on Amazon over the years but this is the first and only item that I 've ever returned . The shade of red on the top of the stapler is a completely different color than that on the base . The plastic top was the bright fire engine red that I expected while the metal base was a deeper , darker red . This was not evident on any of the pictures shown here when I bought it so I was disappointed to see it when it arrived . Since I was bought the stapler purely for aesthetics this was totally unacceptable to me and I returned it.The overall construction and plastic Swingline badge on the top looked cheap next to the black Swingline I rely on every day , but overall it looks like a serviceable stapler . I did not try it out at all because I wanted to return it in mint condition so I ca n't speak to its functionality , but when you buy a product for the color , you expect it to be consistent .
 I was stapling papers on the wall gently when the plastic pivot piece inside the stapler broke . My beautiful red stapler is broken and unfortunately I will need to buy another . Two stars for loving the color and it 's functionality while it lasted . `` Maltboy '' described the problem well . I had the stapler for 1 year .
 I was really happy to finally have a real Swingline Red Stapler ! I took it from the package , opened it up , loaded my staples and carefully closed the top . And then the staples exploded out of the stapler , literally shooting staples all over my office ! If this had been an episode of The Office , it would have been hilarious . But this was n't television , it was real life . I collected my staples , reloaded the stapler and very carefully closed the top . No matter how carefully I tried , the staples were always ejected as if fired from a canon . My conclusion is that the spring is just way too strong.Through trial and error , I found that I could not load more than about 1 inch of staples without it forcibly ejecting them . I 'll be returning this stapler soon . : -LRB-
 i wus trying to stapil my papr and then booM ?? it wont work after 5 time staple and when i try to make it work my fingr start bleeding , , , , , , , waste of money cant believ this .
 Everything was good till I saw Made in China under it . I think this limited edition should be produced in the USA
 The paint was n't even , but no biggie ... it 's a stapler . It worked well for a few weeks ... but it broke and was n't fixable . A metal peice that pushes the staples down broke . What a waste ... I have staplers that are generic that 's been outlasting my brand version . I still do n't like the feel of the generics though . This would of been my favorite if it 's still working !
 broken item . . never worked ... stuck staples , spring broke and quite expensive for a stapler . horrible . and was too complicated to return . . tried to contact company but info was not available
 I ca n't believe I paid over $ 10 for a stapler that did n't last 6 months.I have some seriously cheap no-name staplers kicking around that are 10 years old and they still work .
 Perhaps I got what I deserved . Unfortunately , my husband did n't . I bought this for him for his new home office as an ironic nod to our former lives as office drones . We moved houses shortly after it arrived , so it sat in the box for an extra month . He finally got it out the other night and tried it out . Loaded standard staples . Pressed it down . Crunch . Neither of us can figure out exactly what went wrong , but a tiny piece of staple is so seriously lodged into the slot that we ca n't get it out . We 've tried pliers and tweezers . Perhaps a coat hanger ? Honestly , the location is so tiny that probably only another staple would actually be able to get in there , and who could properly wield a staple with enough force to push the darn thing out ? Anyway , I ca n't return it because the return window has passed . So now it 's ... an ironic paperweight ?
 Poorly made . After each single use I have to pull it apart as if I 'm adding staples , because the tolerances are too tight or the spring is n't powerful enough . One staple , pull apart , one staple , pull apart ... gets old . Yes , I purchased the staples Swingline recommends -LRB- Swingline brand , of course -RRB- .
 I have a coworker who was being treated worse than the poor sap in Office Space - he was moved into the old Garbage Can room in our office , so I bought him this &#34; limited edition &#34; stapler and had it gift wrapped by Amazon . I crafted a witty message on the box and left it at work for my my friend . Weeks passed before I saw my buddy &#34; Milton &#34; again , and when I did , he immediately asked me about the stapler and wondered why I gave it to him . A bunch of people gathered around his -LRB- new , temporary -RRB- desk and watched Office Space clips on Youtube with us as I explained it to him . Everyone got the joke and was laughing loudly but him - he just sat there looking a little perplexed , raising one eyebrow like Spock on Star Trek , and kind of smirking . Finally someone asked to &#34; just see the stapler already &#34; , and he pointed to it . There is a good reason he was n't really amused by the joke , the videos , and all the attention from everyone . The &#34; Swingline Limited Edition Rio Red Business Stapler &#34; that is sitting on his desk is BLACK , he wrote his name on it , and it is far too late for us to return it .
 We 've had this cabinet and some of the coordinating cabinets from the same company for 2 years . After the first 8 months one of the shelves fell down , then , 4 months later , another shelf fell . Since then they have fallen many times . These shelves are heavy and only supported with 4 small pegs near each corner . The back panel keeps getting pushed out since it too is not properly supported and flimsy . We grew tired of emptying the cabinet so we could fix the shelves and fill the cabinet again . We finally screwed in support brackets under the two shelves and they have held up so far . The cabinet does give a clean look to our garage .
 Sorry , but this product is a complete waste of money . Not only do they not adhere well but when you proceed to try to correct this problem low and behold the ink smudges ! This is after allowing the labels to dry for 10 hours ! The glossy surface of this label does not absorb the ink properly ! For a dollar per label I am very disappointed with this product . Do not waste your money on these !
 I actually did not hate the product . It seems to be a good product
 I was really expecting a lot more when I bought this 6mos ago . No speaker phone on the main unit is a disadvantage . It does though have a great answering maching with three mailboxes . It also has a computerized greeting if you want that instead of your voice . Battery life is poor . I can go about 450 ft from my house before it cuts out but it gets a lot of static . One thing I hate for sure about it is the way it surfs for channels on its own . You could be on the phone and while you are talking you will here it cut off your conversation or your other partys conversation for about a second and then you have to repeat what you just said . This can be very annoying as you are walking through the house . If you sit still it doesnt do it . What is the point in a cordless phone then ? I called Sony and it is no defect that is what it is suppose to do . I get lots of complaints that people cant hear me very well either . Havent figured that one out yet either . I am looking for a new phone now and hope I do a little better research .
 I purchased a Sony phone similar to this one ... just minus the answering machine . I thought since it was Sony it would be a great phone . Boy was I wrong . As another reviewer stated the channel surfing is the worst . I can be sitting right next to the base and the phone cuts off and surfs for another channel . Forget about moving your head once you find a channel . That will cause the phone to surf as well . Cordless is useless with Sony . Another thing that bothers me is there is no volume button for the ringing . I am about to have a baby and did n't need this until now . The phone rings terribly loud and since the baby will be in my room at the beginning it will definitely cause a problem . I love Sony but will never purchase a phone from them again . My cousin had a Sony phone which ended up in the garbage and I think mine is about to join hers .
 Poor sound . A lot of static . We bought it as a gift and it never worked right .
 I got this phone for christmas a few years ago and it was great then . now it doesnt hold a charge for longer than an a few hours and you can not put it next to a laptop due to its only 2.4 ghz wil mess up a wireless connection . do not buy this phone if you are putting it next tp a wireless conection router or if you forget to put a phone back on the charger .
 The rewiew of the VTech VT-040-9111 by Jefferey Tam was completely useless and should not have been printed .
 This was ordered for my home office due to having a speaker phone and several good reviews I read . After receiving it , it would n't work and was made very cheap . This is a very cheap product and made in china with thin plastic . It reminds me of a kid 's toy phone . . actually a kid 's toy phone is made better ! Look for another phone if you want to actually talk on a phone . Bad product ...
 It used to be that corded telephones were more inexpensive than cordless ones . Not anymore . This one is okay , but it does n't hang up when you put the handset back on the cradle . Soon , you hear a loud busy signal and `` if you 'd like to make a call , please hang up and try again . '' If there 's a trick , I have n't figured it out yet . But for the price , the phone is okay . If you have a home office , I would recommend spending a bit more and getting something better .
 I was pretty pleased initially the the price , features , and phone quality . Everything matched my expectations when it arrived except for the speakerphone microphone . I have to believe it was faulty because it would not work unless you placed your mouth less than a foot away from it and spoke loudly . It did n't fade as you got further away , it just stopped working . I returned the phone and switched to a unit that had wireless handsets to compliment the corded base . Amazon was great on the return and it remains one of my favorite on-line vendors .
 We used the phone for 6 months . Sound clarity was bad . The person on the other side could not hear well.After hanging up the phone , the phone turns on for a few seconds and gets disconnected . Not sure if this is a SPECIAL feature.Now , in six months , the caller id display and Speaker phone stopped working.Save yourself the trouble and look for something else.I did not expect this poor quality phone from a trusted company like Panasonic .
 I 've had this telephone only a couple of months and wish the return period had n't passed . First problem was that the Caller ID has stopped functioning ... now it always shows `` Private Caller '' even though the caller 's ID displays perfectly well on a regular caller id device and on my other caller ID telephone . Soon after that failure , the volume in the headset speaker reduced itself to point where I can not use this telephone for a normal conversation . People can hear me fine , but I can barely hear them . There 's a volume control , but on my unit it does n't affect the volume . . it just fills in little blocks on a bar graph on the display ; I can do that and enjoy it more with an Etch-a-Sketch . True , this phone was cheap . Sadly , it performs like the cheapie it is.I agree with the earlier reviewer who mentioned the lack of a backlit display -- this phone 's display is impossible to read unless a bright light is shining right on it . I 'd add that the handset comes with a very short cord and the phone is not weighted at all . This telephone will travel all over your table or desk like a Traveocity gnome unless you equip it with an adequately long handset cord.I 'd suggest spending a few dollars more for a quality caller id / address book phone with illuminated display . Panasonic makes some great telephones ; this is absolutely not one of them .
 Phone runs on 3 AA batteries that are supposed to last about 6 months , according to the instruction manual . I 've had the phone a couple months . The batteries have to be replaced every 2 weeks . I use alkaline batteries as suggested .
 I was totally disappointed with this telephone as the LED panel does not light up . I was led to believe that it would but you can not read the caller ID or any number you enter.I sent it back for a full refund . They were prompt in issuing credit to my account but I need to see what I 'm doing . What good is caller ID if you ca n't read it ?
 I bought this phone because I needed a speaker phone , and this seemed to fit the bill and indeed , works well . What I did n't realize at the time of purchase was that in order for the Caller ID , messages info , date and time to be visible , required replacing batteries way too often ! While I like the features on this phone , the way it eats batteries is unacceptable . Consequently , I am now looking for a similar phone , cheap , that plugs into the electrical outlet , to replace this one .
 I 'm back on Amazon shopping for a new phone/answering machine and when I saw this listing I decided to a write a quick review . I 've had this phone for a year or so . It is not nearly as good as other panasonic phones I 've owned in the past . The sound is only so-so and the answering machine has never been very clear . A few months ago it stopped playing any outgoing message but the prerecorded default . Now it bounces an echo back at anyone trying to leave a message . It is headed for the trash .
 I bought this to use for the bar exam and it has been nothing but trouble . The daisy wheel breaks after typing less than 10 pages and the warranty does n't cover the daisy wheel . Brother 's customer service is pretty weak too . I 've been observing a bunch of other folks using this or very similar brother typewriters and the problems with the daisy wheel seem pretty consistent . I 'm pretty unhappy with this purchase considering I 've typed less than 50 pages on this thing and I 've had to replace the typing ribbon and the daisy wheel . It 's not a good product .
 Received the typewriter promptly from Unique Findz . It works fine . This fills the void perfectly when a computer is impractical to do simple typing jobs . After I removed the typewriter from the box , I noticed there was no sales receipt included . Should I have need of repairs within the warranty period , the receipt is necessary . I contacted Unique Findz sales manager and he promised me the receipt and a partial refund for the correction tape that was faulty . It is over a month now and nothing has been received . Sure hope the typewriter stays healthy !
 We opened this and went to use it and it would not work . We called Brother to troubleshoot and they said it was the Daisywheel and we needed to buy a new wheel and that it was not a part covered under the warranty even though the machine was brand new and this was first time use . I will be returning this and not buying anohter Brother product if this is the kind of support they offer on thier products . Horrible customer service when we called in the problem .
 I need a typewriter to fill out forms , those that I can not used computer for -LRB- IRS and such -RRB- . It is little too complicated for this purpose , I mean , the whole word processing program is little redundant , since I do not type letters.It is very loud and `` clunky '' , I wish I could buy manual one . Definitely takes up too much space.I can not say anything about repairs , since I used it for a few months only .
 I waited 10 days for this to arrive . The first time I plugged it in it ran for 2 minutes . I typed Dear and the machine typed wcm '' When I tried to erase wcm '' the erase mechanism did not work . I turned the machine off and when I switched it back on the carriage went to the far left and will not move , ie I can not type or use the machine in any way . When the machine came two of the keys were knocked loose and I had to stick them back on . Now when I look at the machine I can see it is assymetrical ... there is a 1/4 gap in the base , so it must have been dropped or damaged somewhere . This is not acceptable but I have no way to contact whoever Mstasad is . I have a huge project to do over the labor day weekend but I do n't have a typewriter that works . I feel cheated and am very upset ...
 Listed as 75 per box - but the box only contains 50 . Clearly an error on the product discription . Overpriced when you only get 50 folders .
 If you have not been mad - I mean really good and mad - for a long time , this is the machine for you . It will guarantee frustration as long as you try to use it . I ordered this machine and the first one arrived broken . The second one worked but made the worst sounds when I would hit the return key , or backspace . Good for annoying my boss so I kept it . After a few days it randomly would assign margins , I would hit the margin release , clear any and all settings and it would work for a line or two and then at random indent , assign margins ect . No 2 lines of text would ever line up , and it felt like the typewriter equivalent to writing with a crayon . Eventually -LRB- within 30 days -RRB- I was unable to do anything with the machine . I could go on , but you get the point , I would pass on this machine .
 I guess we are spoiled in this office with IBM typewriters . Unfortunately , our main one quit working -LRB- after about 10 years of use -RRB- and needed to be replaced . We did not want anything fancy , just functional . Every person in this office hates this Brother machine . We are returning it and will not purchase another Brother . There are several things about this that make it more of a hassle then its worth .1 . Ca n't see where you are typing . We use this for forms , so it is important to be able to line it up nicely - we waste so much time erasing and trying to line it up in the right place .2 . The keys could n't be any harder to type . It ca n't keep up with your typing and you need to hit the keys hard . Lame and exhausting ! 3 . Have to reset the tabs , margins and pitch every single time you turn the machine on ? No one can find instructions in the manual on how to make these adjustments stay.So once you spend five minutes adjusting your tabs and reseting the pitch , you struggle to line it up , erasing and readjusting a million times . It feels like crap while you do it . And Wha-la , it took you 20 minutes to type a form that took 3 minutes on the old IBM Wheel writer.Spend the extra cash and buy from a company that makes smooth comfortable and efficient machines .
 I have had two of these units . I would definitely not recommend anyone buying the ML-300 . Save yourself some money and get something else . Both of the units lasted only 14 months . I did hardly any typing with them . Only multi-page forms and applications . The printwheel motor failed on both of them and so did the electronic board for the keys . Took in in to a repair center and was told it was not worth repairing . Contacted Brother International USA and was told that the warranty was only good for 12 months . Save yourself some money and buy a Big Chief table and a number 2 pencil .
 I needed a new typwriter for work as the old IBM gave up . Just needed something simple to do forms that would n't work through the computer , so picked this one . What a mistake ! The margin adjustment thing laid out in the pathetic manual does not work . . I have gotten where I just take paper out and put it in to get where I need to type since the preset typing area is so small and the margin adjustments just do n't work at all . When I follow the instructions and release the margin then manually move the carriage back , the ink cartridge pops up and wo n't go down until you turn off the machine and restart . Total piece of junk . I recently purchased a sewing machine and am now so spooked by the Brother name I would only buy a Singer . Also , no support available from Brother .
 WHILE NOT THE FAULT OF AMERICA.ONLINE . THE TYPEWRITER IS A COM PLETE DUD.I HAVE REPLACED IT WITH AN IBM TYPEWRITER . I CAN GET NO SATISFACTION FROM BROTHER .
 The product is the permanent glue sticks in the picture , Not repositionable like the title and product description states they are . The company was great about replacing them but after 4 tries , still not the item that was described . A + on customer service , F on Product description .
 These markers are way too light . They show up on dry erase boards bright fluorescent yellow like hi-lighters instead of anything that you can use efficiently for any projects . If you need to create a presentation where the people viewing the information are more than 3 or 4 ft away or at an angle , they can not see anything . I do not suggest you purchase these markers unless you plan to use them strictly for coloring .
 The company responsible was fast and attentive in responding to my order . However , the keyring fell apart two weeks after I purchased it .
 the title says it all . The ball that locks the keychain together popped out and now i have half a keychain .
 The product does not have a locking mechanism that you have to manually operate to release the links , you simply pull them apart . I have found that the individual parts come apart fairly easily so I am concerned that I will lose a portion of my keys . If you do not use the keyring in and out of a purse etc. then it would probably be OK .
 This thing is fairly useless . It pulls apart so easily . I would worry about losing my keys so I never used it .
 Terrific key chain , with one problem . It only lasted 4 weeks . Bad design , not built to last .
 `` pull apart '' is the perfect name for this key ring ! It has no integrity , and will come apart in your pocket .
 Picture looked great but the product was not as advertised . It came with a commercial logo on it -- maybe a promotional item used by that company . The seller agreed to take it back when I complained . Seller also paid return postage but I had to ask.Too much hassle for me -- I would be reluctant to use this seller again.Standard gold cross pen is probably fine but this was n't it .
 Let me just say I am incredibly loyal to the Cross name as well as Amazon . Unfortunately , this timeless pen has degraded in quality ever since they moved production to China . Like many , I ignored the negative reviews , but you should trust them . Perhaps I received a knockoff or a bad batch -LRB- bought from Trend Marketing -RRB- , but the gold is spotted and the clip seems almost a bit rusty , which is unacceptable . This will be returned and bought from the cross website .
 the pen was meant to be a brand name pen that is gold plated and was intented to be used for at least a year . however the pen looked fine but in few months it stopped opening . it doesnt revolve to open the pen tip any more.wanted to return it but of course they dont return it after a month.please contact that company for me
 I too have been looking for a replacement to my lost gold Cross pen , but because they are now made in China , I wo n't buy one . So goes quality control !
 I lost my gold cross pen recently which I had for many many years . I was about to buy another just now . Reading the reviews I will not buy it because it is made in China and of inferior quality . I only buy products made in the USA now and am grateful for all who told me of it being made in China.Thank You
 dont buy it.It is so bad peen , loos the gold in top or button . I WILL NOT BUY GOLD , ON AMAZON ANNY MORE . I ONLY HAVE THE PEEN 1 YEAR , used MY PEEN 5 TIMES . THE VALUE IS ONLY 10 $ . No stars from mee
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when some new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 I 'm not sure if I just received a defective pen or what happened . My general experience with Cross pens has been very positive . This one , however , is awful . It does n't write smootly and leaves ink everywhere .
 I have been using Cross product for lat 15 years . This product which is Made in China , has highly disappointed me . The finish of the pen is very poor . Gold plating is of a poor quality . It has some patches of a different color . The body has sharp edges.Overall it has spoilt my impression about Cross products.RegardsR.P . Kale
 Cross Pens claim to produce `` jewel-quality craftsmanship . '' While that was once true , it no long is . I had to use sandpaper on the inside tube to eliminate the gap where the two halves of the pen did n't fit together . This pen was made with SHODDY WORKMANSHIP .
 Deciding to replace the Cross Classic Century ballpoint pen I received as a gift many years ago -LRB- and in the intervening years managed to lose -RRB- , I began a careful search for information in the form of reviews for the pen . What I read actually led to my having reservations concerning this thought of a replacement purchase ; what little information I could find was not ... encouraging.I did finally decide , however , to replace the memory of this Cross pen given to me in 1967 and having done so , I have found the quality to be what I honestly expected based on all my reading , but a bit less than I had hoped for -LRB- eternal optimist that I am -RRB- . Through months of use now I am comfortable with the following observations : - The manufacturers stamping on the top of the rear tube is clean , clear , and precise - -LRB- meaningless , but a nice detail -RRB- . - The join of the tip to the front tube is very nearly perfect.-The fit of the rear tube to the front never seems quite right , always leaving a bit of the rear tube lip easily discernible by touch , and is sometimes quite obvious visibly.-I have been more than impressed with the functioning of the pen 's twist mechanism as it shown no signs of play while smoothly opening and clos-ing the pen.-I have decided not to use the clip -LRB- relegating this pen to my desk forever -RRB- as it seems ... weak ; not well connected to rear tube and a pen falling from a pocket is always disconcerting.-It does seem to collect what most call micro scratches quite readily which does distract from the overall finish of the pen.I would gladly overlook any , or all of these things had I not experienced such difficulty with the diameter of the pen ... at 0.3 inches I find the pen extremely narrow and difficult to hold correctly -LRB- very much the opposite of the Lamy Pico and something I had no memory of -RRB- . This discomfort does preclude , in fairness , any remarks on quality of writing - if I am not able to hold the pen correctly then I am obviously not able to write well with it . The length , at nearly 5.25 inches , seems just about right as I hold the pen and aesthetically the ratio of length to width makes this a remarkably beautiful pen.All in all I am glad that I decided to purchase it and I do use it often , even though the uncomfortably narrow width and the fit/finish flaws might suggest otherwise .
 This phone would not charge for us - we had to send it back for a refund .
 This phone arrived DOA and there is no way I could use it . As usual , you get what you pay for .
 Can barely hear the person on the other end of the line over the static . Very sorry to have purchased and would like to return .
 I bought the calendar for my son who is a Shaq fan and there were no photos of him included . With the `` no return '' policy , it was a complete waste of money for me .
 This product is almost worthless . It is composed of compressed wood and thin laminate . You must construct it and it has a million pieces . Would not purchase this item !!!!
 Not a single screw , bolt , allan wrench , etc. enclosed with this desk . The wood looked nice but getting it back into the box to return was like unscrambling an egg . Hopefully UPS will pick it up although I 've been waiting for more than a day now . Amazon is paying for the return and that 's a good thing .
 This item is ok for it 's price . In my opinion I could have gotten a better table after the time I spent putting it together . The assembly directions are somewhat accurate . My biggest peeve was that the holes for the screws were either too big or too small . When putting it together some of the directions did not make sense because of the angles and where the holes are located thus making it very annoying and time consuming to put together . One of the pieces of wood had also broken because of the whole angle issue . I also had to put wood glue where some of the screws are because it was not as stable as it appears to be . It looks good once put together but for the money and inconvenience , you are better off getting a different product .
 WARNING
 For a $ 100 item , this is very cheaply made . The instructions are just awful . It is difficult to discern what screws , bolts , etc. , go where from the instructions . When it was all put together -LRB- at least an hour , no thanks to the person who provided the written instructions -RRB- the keyboard drawer 's screws did not fit correctly and scratched whenever you pulled the drawer out .
 I ordered the hardcover , however I received the Poly Cover notbook . I ended up gaving the Poly cover one to my daughterand now its her favorite . They are incredibly durable , thick pages ! The hardcover notebooks are incredibly elegant , in fact , once I am done with the notebook I place it in my office library , A. so I can reference old notes and B. because it adds to the decor in the office . LOVE LOVE LOVE this brand .
 After ordering these and using them to ship i realized just how cheaply they are made . I had to double bag several orders i shipped to keep them secure . I would not recommend these particular bags . I have ordered others and the inside lining is very thick and no see through . You can see through this batch i received . Hopefully the next ones i order will have the silver linig . thank you
 These erasers have a confusing size listed , the picture is deceiving and they are not good for carving stamps -LRB- as I do -RRB- due to the tiny size . These are run of the mill drafting erasers that can be found at any Office Max . The good erasers -LRB- IMO -RRB- are the same material but twice as big . The listed size did not make sense to me and the picture showed two sizes of erasers -LRB- so I thought at the very least I would be getting one big and one small -RRB- . There are other `` jumbo '' vinyl erasers on Amazon if you seek to make stamps that will fill a name tag sticker.I would not recommend these erasers for carving .
 this cabinet is a piece of junk . we had to send it back twice and would have refused the 3rd time -LRB- lock broken -RRB- but needed this particular size . we have received an additional lock , to replace at our cost when it breaks again and did receive a price reduction -- but do not order . poorly made and we hope it will last .
 this calendar is a waste of money for any serious red sox fan . Casey Fossum for January ? He 's now a Diamondback . Todd Walker for November ? He is now a Cub . Lastly B. Kim for December . Where 's Mueller ? What a joke .
 My company has used Brady for about 4-5 years now . Before the IDXpert , we had the previous model which worked pretty well.The IDXpert wastes a lot of labels ! Do n't expect to get a full use out of any of the cartridges.Our initial purchase , about 2 years ago , included 1 IDXpert and multiple cartridges -LRB- If I remember correctly , roughly $ 50/cartridge , and I think we ordered 4 to start -RRB- . Once the cartridge is installed , it prints well , but we started to see lines on the first label each time you went to use the labeler . We called our vendor , and they said to ship it back to be fixed . Returned back to us , and nothing changed . Okay , not that big of a deal.As we swap out cartridges , we find that putting them back in becomes a problem . Either the toner roll gets messed up , wo n't wind onto the roll -LRB- instead it prints out with the labels -RRB- , and even has gotten sucked back into the cartridge -LRB- once that happens , kiss the cartridge good bye ! We end up cracking open the case , and having to write the labels manually - what a pain -RRB- The other problem we are now facing - is that if you order too many cartridges and let them sit around for a while -LRB- umm ... maybe a year ? -RRB- they `` dry out '' some how and do n't print anything . Not keeping the cartridges anywhere too dry or too wet - just sitting in our overhead bin at the corporate office . Another waste of an entire cartridge!There are 250 labels per cartridge , and we 've ordered 8 cartridges . Total of 2000 possible labels , I would say we 've only used 700 of these potential 2000 labels . The other 1300 are wasted ! NOT happy at all.You want my opinion ? Invest in a good laser printer , and use the Brady Lasertab Markers . Now THEY are EXCELLENT - We use LAT-18-361 with the Brady software -LRB- 49 labels per sheet , 2,500 labels per box -RRB- and they are excellent for labelling network cables - fiber or copper .
 I was forced to rate this one star but it deserves MINUS 5 stars.In my personal opinion , the Brady `` IDXpert '' label maker is the most overpriced , illogically designed piece of techno-garbage I 've tried to use in many years . We bought one of these pieces of junk to try and make labels for wires and just general labeling throughout the facility.I second the other reviewer 's opinion that it wastes tape but it also wastes monumental amounts of TIME trying to get it to work . It seems to be driven by a 2-bit microprocessor with no memory.Right up front
 While I have n't tried this with Skype yet , it 's integration with MS Lync is not at all good . The case seems sturdy , the switches switch . This seems like tech from a couple of generations back .
 I own cheap pens , expensive pens , antique pens , new pens , and this Waterford Claria pen is the worst I 've ever owned . It simply will not write , which -- I believe -- is the main purpose of a pen . My wife gave this to me as a gift . She did not buy the pen from Amazon -LRB- I wish she had ; she 'd probably have gotten her money back and spent it on a better pen -RRB- and the company she did buy it from refused to help her . I e-mailed Waterford , and they never responded.I will never buy any Waterford product .
 The quality of the leather and covers is marginal . I have had the notebook for about 6 months and have no issues with the inner core mechanics . Would look elsewhere for a quality leather binder at this price .
 I was disappointed in the quality of this binder . The cover was rippled and not smooth . For what I paid , I expected to receive a binder that was actually presentable .
 First and foremost , I do not own this . But , please hear me out ! I have seen it person , and have used it at the Mac Store.I 'm giving it two stars for a couple good reasons . Here they be :1 -RRB- Am I the only person , or is the price very , very high ? Close to $ 40 just to be lazier with turning the monitor with a touch of a finger ? The price seems a bit much , IMO .2 -RRB- I DO own an Intel iMac -LRB- the bigger 20 '' version -RRB- , and anyone who has a smooth surface desk will NOT have any trouble moving the monitor slightly sideways to access the ports in the back . It 's incredibly easy.So combine these two facts , and you have the reason why I gave it two stars . Do n't get me wrong - I think the turntable is a good idea and it works well . I looked into buying it . But for the price that is is , and how easy it already is turning the monitor , you really do not need this.If you looking to spend a bit more money on your iMac , I 'd recommend getting more RAM -LRB- a 512 stick , perhaps -RRB- , as the iMac probably should have came with more RAM than the standard 512 it came with . But you do n't have to take my word for it . : -RRB-
 This stuff seemed all right the first time I used it . It heat sealed fine and the weight was as good as expected . However , the seal is weak and might peel . It does n't really seal to the paper inside very well ; just to itself . I realize the quality is n't going to be the same as those heavy duty school laminators put out . But I hoped for a little better than this.Tips
 This is not what was shipped . It was a bait and switch with a cheaper unit .
 Was not what we believe it would be , was n't able to enter txt into device and get a translation.Also voice I unclear when speaking , had a Vietnameese person not understand what the machine was saying.Cheap device and overly complicated
 I was unaware that a keyboard & mouse would be needed as the product raises the laptop too high to use the smartpad . Since the laptop sits so high , it also made it slide down and nearly fall off .
 I agree with all the comments at this site . I was actually visiting this site looking for a battery for my phone , and saw all these reviews . I purchased this phone about a year ago , and now , I have to make sure that the cordless is on the charger all the time . Even that 's not sufficient if my call lasts more than 30 minutes . And as another reviewer said , it would even discharge by morning if I forget to place it on the charger the night before ... I am gon na give it one more try with some other company 's battery compatible with this phone . Hopefully it will work if the problem is with the battery and not with the phone .
 i too have had battery problems with this phone . but my major complaint is the handset 's inability to work properly when other appliances in the home might be on , such as the microwave or clothes dryer - it cuts out like a cell phone might when far away from a tower . love the talking caller ID , though -LRB- do n't have to put my glasses on to read the display -RRB- , and the speakerphone and answering machine still work , so i 'm using the unit as a desk phone for now .
 Battery life minimum , voice quality minimum . This is one lousy phone .
 Though I think the phone looks and sounds great , and I am pleased with the range , the battery truly dies within a year . It will happen all at once , too , with the first 6 months being great , and slight issues with long calls in the next 3 months , and finally total collapse at the one year mark.Now I am down to charging it all the time , and I only get a 30 minute conversation in -LRB- once per day -RRB- before the phone dies . This is not a fluke , unfortunately , as I also bought the same Panasonic Phone for my brother , and his died before the one year mark , too . Really a pain , as I 've had other cordless phones for years without problems . Do I really have to purchase a $ 40 battery every YEAR ? The answer , of course , is NO . I just need to buy a new phone with a better battery !
 After having great experiences with Panasonic phones , I asked for this specific model for my birthday . Upon making the first calls , I was immediately disappointed . One out of two people asked if I was using a cordless phone ; not a good sign . As far as battery life , I agree with the other reviewers that the battery life was poor . I could live with that until one morning while trying to make a call with the handset fully charged , the phone just completely died . I emailed Panasonic who told me that I should send the handset in along with the receipt and they would either fix it or replace it with a `` reconditioned model . '' As if ... who has a reciept for a gift from six months ago ? The same thing happened to my sister with the same phone . Like many of the other reviewers , it turned out to be the battery . It completely died within 6 months . Please take my experience as a warning . Do not buy this phone .
 I agree with all the reviewers here . Battery life is POOREST . Is anyone even doing testing of these products at Panasonic ? 1 -RRB- I think Panasonic should recall this unit TG2257 and not only replace the phones but REFUND our money because this to me is cheating . Nowhere in the product description it mentioned that the battery life is worst , a fully charged handset gets discharged overnight even without using the phone . Yes , there are features on the phone that I really liked but what good are they if the handset dies in the middle of your conversation . I thought it must be my piece that is off but after reading reviews here it is confirmed that it is one of the poor quality of Panasonics ' products . 2 -RRB- The battery NiCd P-P511 seems like `` WEAK '' 3.6 V 850mAh -LRB- not good at all for a handset -RRB- , the physical size seems like putting 3 AA batteries together -LRB- unfortunately ca n't use those -RRB- . If the problem with this phone is just battery -LRB- which I think it is -RRB- then they should come up with more powerful NiMH batteries and send it to all the customers who owns this piece -LRB- at no additional cost to customers -RRB- . I think this might solve the problem.PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT
 I originally initiated a search online looking for a battery because my phone loses the charge after only about 30 minutes and takes at least a day and a half to recharge . I thought that it was just time to replace the battery until I read the other reviews and realized that others were having the same problem that I am having . When I actually stop and think about it , I have been experiencing problems with this phone since I purchased it . When I first purchased the phone , I had a 30 minute conversation and then had to place the phone back on the cradle to recharge and it took about a day and a half ! I thought it was because I did n't let it charge completely initially , so I left it on the charger for 3 days without using it and then when I did use it I had the same problem . I think that Panasonic owes everyone who bought this `` phone '' a refund .
 It seems that everyone agrees that the battery on this phone dies after a 30 minute conversation . This happened to me even when the phone was new , and charged for two days !!!!! I kept thinking it would get better , but it never did . I feel that all of us who bought this phone was SCAMMED by Panasonic !!! There should be a recall !
 When I first purchased the phone , the battery would n't charge . I figured I was just unlucky and got a lemon . I quickly exchanged it for another one which did charge up . However , now after having it for less than a year , the battery dies after only about an hour of talk time , or if I leave it out of the charger overnight.So was I just unlucky enough to get two lemons in a row ? Well that question was answered by a friend of mine with the same model phone who says that she has the same problem with her phone . Luckily , I got the extended warranty , so maybe I 'll see if I can just get the battery replaced every few months . Needless to say , this is very disappointing , especially after all the great things I 've heard about Panasonic phones .
 I was thoroughly disappointed with Panasonic for the first time.I have purchased many products from them and have NEVER had a problem ; so when I saw this phone I was happy . It looks great , has many features that one would love but , DITTO , the phone is awful . I have purchased 2 batteries and they still do n't work , so I think it is the phone !! When I called , they told me to make sure the charging poles were clean -LRB- without dust or anything -RRB- . Ha ha , forget it . I am looking for a phone now and am totally ignoring Panasonic .
 Do n't try to call Panasonic to complainThe battery wo n't last as long as the time you are on holdMy average cutstomer service call can take 11/2 hour and my phone dies midway
 What 's the use of all those nice features if the batteryca n't last long enough . It 's really very frustrating . Ihave changed the batteries three times in less than a year.They do n't come cheap . I should have put all the money forthe batteries on a new phone . Well , that 's what I am gonnado now . Better late than never .
 The battery does n't last for more than 30 minutes . It discharges on its own if it is out of its base unit . I initially thought , it could be some loose contact and thus kept the phone rather than returning it . But , I was fooled . I am rather stupid to keep buying panasonic products even after seeing a similar problem with one of my Panasonic DVD players . The DVD player died exactly after one year . It seems , the model had this problem ! Wow ! Panasonic is able to manufacture their products such that they only last their warranty period ! amazing way to loose customers.Atleast , I would expect Panasonic to replace/refurbish such models having such inherent problems ! but they do n't seem to do it ! Should n't this fall into some kind of recall?So , the question is , should we continue to buy Panasonic products ? and waste our money in this way ? How can you believe them even if they are not willing to refurbish such defetive models unconditionally -LRB- i.e. , without asking for receipts , etc. , -RRB- . -- Mohan
 thought I finally found a cordless phone that I would be happy with . I tried all the hotshot brands and after a few returns , I settled with a reliable Panasonic . The echo is a huge problem . After a while it gets annoying .
 My employer closed our local office , packed us up and sent us each to work remotely from our homes , providing each of us this model phone . We were busy staff , so the phones were used virtually all day , numerous calls and conference calls , etc. . The phone `` fell apart '' bit by bit over the years
 My daughter had a 5 foot poster to hang in her kindergarten room . We put 2 strips which was the whole roll . It fell down overnight and would not go back up . A waste of money . Some of there other products are good so I purchased on that basis .
 I 'm really surprised by all these positive reviews . While I was happy with this binder initially , the design flaws immediately became apparent . The plastic sleeves are very flimsy , and get bent and torn . I do use this constantly , so perhaps it receives more wear and tear than for some , but the fabric around the zipper shredded and it is impossible to keep closed . I 'm online now shopping for a replacement . Maybe I got a lemon , but I have other binders that are much , much more durable .
 We purchased the two of the larger Siemens GigaVoice phones -LRB- SL3500 series -RRB- and needed another extension . Because the larger version was no longer available , we bought this phone . The sound quality , both incoming and outgoing , is terrible . The handset is difficult to remove from the base . This phone sits in the study and is rarely used . The SL3500 series is wonderful ... going on 12 years !
 My experience was totally different from the others listed here . I found the kit impossible to assemble -- parts did n't fit together and the instructions were incomprehensible . This has to be the worst purchase I ever made from Amazon . A total waste .
 The 2 reviews I read on this cabinet prior to ordering it gave it such good reviews that I went ahead and ordered it , even though I normally would n't order furniture online without seeing it first.Well , I was extremely disappointed when I opened the box . The quality on my cabinet is just awful . The leather panel has dried glue spots on it and there is a scuff on the leather on the front of one drawer . One drawer has the hole for the screw drilled at an angle and the knob wo n't stay on right.Both drawers have side panels that broke before they were even assembled and would have to be glued back together with wood glue before you could even attempt to put the thing together . The wood splinters very easily as well . Maybe I just got a dud , but I would not recommend this file cabinet .
 The file cabinet arrived in good time but there were splits in 3 of the pieces . It was not easy to assemble as some of the numbers on the pieces were missing .
 I really wanted to like this , but found it a time consuming hassle to organise the photos , hand draw bits of it , prepare each month 's photo , duplicate photos in case of loss or damage , write out instuctions and text for each month on the form and on the backs of the photos , etc etc and send it all off to then wait for it to be printed and returned to me.There are a lot of things you can do if you can be bothered with a big arty project but it 's much simpler -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to upload your photos to Walmart Photo or Walgreens , edit and organise right on your computer at home and order your calendar through them.I am quite an ` arty ' person but this all seemed a bit time consuming . If you are a busy Mom like me this may not be the way to get a lovely keepsake for yourself or a gift for family members . I have been very impressed with the variety of photo gifts that can be ordered through Walmart and it seems to be a much easier . quicker , simpler way to get a lovely personal calendar keepsake .
 I purchased this model because the last one I purchased from another maker did n't last . However this one was a big hassle to assemble . I t might be impossible for someone who did n't have some mechanical aptitude . The assembly instructions were incorrect , both the illustration and directions and I had to drill my own starter holes for the wood screws since they were inaccurately marked . The lady I spoke with when I called was nice enough but they apparently do n't sell enough of these to get complaints . Once it was assembled and I cooled off , it SEEMS to be okay . Let 's see how long this one lasts .
 The actual pin is fine but , the colors you see are not the colors you get . All you get are the primary colors . Our office was looking for the odd colors ...
 Very dissatisfied with this purchase . It was more like cardstock . Definitely not poster board which is much thicker . Returned it but I was charged a restocking fee . Description was very inaccurate . Would not have purchased if I had known it was cardstock .
 I assumed all poster board is poster board . I was very wrong . This product is very thin ! It is a great price per board otherwise . At Wal-Mart you will pay 97 cents each , however , at Wal-Mart it is more like the poster board you would want . Sturdy , thick , small hands can handle it without crushing it to pieces . Not sure what to do now . Guess I will see what it cost to return it . What a bummer !!! Need it now for homeschool !
 This is card stock or drawing paper thickness at best . I will keep it but really no where near 4ply poster board which is what I was replacing .
 Packaging was not strong enough to hold shipment and arrived empty . Probably good quality but I have no way of knowing
 This thing is a piece of sh % ! t and not even worth a penny . I dropped the battery in backwards , no big deal right ? Wrong . The battery is stuck and the pen is therefore totally useless . I 've tried everything to get this thing out . It 's not like I jammed the battery in backwards , it fell in , and now its in the garbage.Aside from that , everything about the material screams poor quality . looks good in photo but when you handle it you will see .
 The PaperPro Prodigy Stapler -LRB- 118 -RRB- 's patented staple driving mechanism , that will drive a standard staple through up to 25 sheets of paper with one finger , was amazing to use , but quit working after 3/4 of a strip of staples . This was not a simple staple jam -- the internal mechanism broke!I never thought a person could get so excited about a stapler . The reviews sold it , and using it at home , stapling slicky sales papers for a bird , sealed my opinion.I was impressed with how easy it stapled . But now I 'm faced with the hassle of returning it . Bummer .
 I was pleased with this stapler for two days , when it suddenly no longer worked . I looked through the manual looking for troubleshooting ideas . Gave up and returned it .
 For nearly triple the price of a translucent green , cheap store stapler I bought in 1998 , I expected this stapler to offer me minimal effort to punch through at least 15 pages , and also securely fasten at the end . I was deeply disappointed.Firstly , the picture is not an accurate representation of the color of this stapler , it 's more fuchsia/purple than it is deep purple.Next , using regular office staples , the stapler got a jam -- gathering 2-3 staples at a time -- every 10 or so staple punches I did , so I had to open it each time and remove the jam.The final factor was that the effort to punch staples was almost double that of a regular stapler ! You also can not stand it up on its edge , which is a natural way to pick up staplers nowadays . It also does not have the ability to staple with the bottom lip down , so that you can punch onto a bulletin board , for example.Buy a different brand is my recommendation .
 I did not purchase through Amazon but since I buy most of my products here I thought I 'd try to save someone from making the same mistake I made.Like most staplers , this one jammed often and then just stopped working . Unfortunatley , it was within the first 10 staples . I returned the product and the replacement is doing the same thing.I believe the spring design that holds the staples into place is flawed and therefore creates the problem . When you load the staples in and push the assembly closed , it locks into place but unlocks when you fold the stapler back over to use it . There is a big plastic casing that prevents you from keeping this locked for `` stapler mode '' so the product is rendered useless , unless you need a $ 20 paperweight and then it would probably work great.This company probably makes other great products but this one needs a little work .
 YOU WOULD THINK FOR THE PRICE IT WOULD LAST . I USED IT ALMOST EVERYDAY FOR THE LAST 1-1/2 YEARS AND IT JUST STOPPED WORKING . I AM TRYING TO GET MY MONEY BACK , BUT I WILL NOT BUY THIS ONE AGAIN !!!!!
 Been taught that if you cant say something good , say nothing . OK , one word , JUNK .
 I have owned one other stapler of this type , meaning it is supposed to be effortless to engage the stapling action , and it should work with bulk stacks of paper . In this case , I believe the description claims up to 25 sheets of paper . My test was 16 sheets.The other one I have , from a different brand , works more like an electric stapler in that it folds the staple prongs flat at the end of the action . This stapler has the common metal plate with two curved grooves that curl the staple inward at the end of the stapling action . The problem with this is that when you use the stapler for its intended purpose of fastening large stacks , the staple can only curl part way . Right away , on my first large stack , I got scratched by the exposed staple point that could n't fully curl in , and determined that it would likely scratch my desk and other things as well.That was enough reason to return the product , which I did , but it also took more effort than it should 've to engage the stapling action . In my opinion , spend the extra ten dollars on another brand or design that functions better .
 I was very frustrated with this product because the little round legs which kept it at the necessary angle did not stay attached , nor did the wrist rest . The board itself felt flimsy and bent easily .
 The 3M Tilt-Adjustable Gel Wrist Rest Platform claims that it encourages a comfortable , neutral wrist position . Like many people , I spend a lot of time on my computer so I 'm always eager to try out any product that helps with comfort and ergonomics . Does the 3M WR420LE 's performance justify the high cost ? Let 's find out.PLATFORMThe platform is the only feature that separates this product from plain wrist rests . It 's a strong plastic platform to place your keyboard onto . There 's space in front for the included padded wrist rest and two sets of rubber feet are also included . I assume the rubber feet are why 3M describes the platform as being adjustable , but I would n't call it truly adjustable since you ca n't adjust them on-the-fly . The rubber feet come in two sizes and attach to the bottom of the platform , using 3M adhesive . Attaching them to the rear of the platform for a positive tilt is easy , since there are templates , indicating where to put them . Every single keyboard I 've ever used , except for Kinesis Contour keyboards , had positive tilt feet/legs . The true benefit of the 3M platform is its ability to produce a negative tilt . Unfortunately , if you want the platform on a negative tilt , you 'll have to eyeball the rubber feet on your own ; 3M forgot to include templates for negative tilt feet.WRIST RESTThe included wrist rest is very , very nice . It has antimicrobial protection and is filled with a not-too-soft , but not-too-hard gel . The wrist rest is wrapped in a soft , leather-like material and is by far , the most comfortable and durable I 've ever used . I ended up just tossing the platform to the side and using the wrist rest by itself.CONCLUSIONMy experience with the 3M Tilt-Adjustable Gel Wrist Rest Platform was rather disappointing . It 's not truly adjustable and 3M failed to provide templates for accurately attaching the rubber feet for negative tilt . If not for the wonderful wrist rest that was included , I would have rated it even less . The thing is , you can buy the wrist rest by itself , for less than half the cost of this platform/wrist rest combo . I suggest you do just that and forget about the platform .
 The concept is solid ; an ` adjustable ' platform for your keyboard with a gel wristrest . Unfortunately the execution of the Gel Wrist Platform by 3M is somewhat flawed.Pros : Adjustable -LRB- see cons -RRB- incline of the platform . 5 - 10 degrees positive or negative incline.Plenty of room for most keyboards and preferred wristrest/keyboard positioning.Somewhat attractive.Doesn ' t slide around on the desk.Easy set-up . Cons : Not really adjustable as most people think of adjustable items.Wristrest is far too firm.Leatherette cover feels odd , slippery when you sweat.Platform I received was not true/flat . Expensive.While the platform is adjustable it is n't something you can adjust over and over at will . It comes with two sets of rubber ` feet ' one small and one larger . Each adds 5 of incline either positive or negative -LRB- though I can not imagine typing with negative incline -RRB- . The feet glue onto the platform or each other . You stack both sets together to get 10 of incline . I do n't see the feet for sale separately anywhere so you 're pretty much stuck with your choice of height unless you want to go lower by removing them.I found the faux leather wristrest to be far too firm to the point of uncomfortable and almost causing discomfort/pain during use . I may continue to use the platform but I believe I will go back to using my old , soft , nylon covered wristrest . The wristrest is advertized as ` buttery soft ' do n't believe it.I do like the typing angle . I used the larger set of feet for a 5 positive incline of the platform and used the 2nd set of smaller feet to keep my Dell keyboard from sliding around . I like my keyboard offset a bit -LRB- see posted image -RRB- to the right and there was plenty of room to set things up the way I like . The platform I received seems somewhat darker than the one pictured -LRB- that could just be lighting -RRB- . What I received is a dark battleship grey with a light texture on it . There are rubber slip guards on the bottom to keep things in place on your desk.The platform I received was not true/flat and I had to prop up both lower corners . Every time I moved my hands it made an annoying tick-tack noise on the desk.All in all it is a good idea that just was n't completely thought out . Being rather expensive for what you get and compared to other similar products I would n't recommend this . You could probably make your own for half the price .
 As other reviewers have pointed out , this is not a truely adjustable product . Once you set the tilt -LRB- if you choose to use tilt -RRB- it is set and can not be re-adjusted . When I spend hours using my keyboard every day I like to be able to increase or decrease the tilt angle a little so my hands and wrists feel less tired . Remember the `` old-fashion '' keyboards with adjustable legs ? That was what I was hoping for . The gel wrist pad is also firmer than what I really like , there is some cushion to it but not much.The cost-to-benefit ratio of this platform is poor in my opinion . For the somewhat expensive price you do n't have true adjustment . If your computer is shared and one person likes positive tilt and the other negative tilt or tilt at different angles , this product is not for you . If all you want is a wrist rest you can find many here on Amazon at a fourth to a third of the price . The antimicrobial feature is n't particularly important to me although if it is to you , you can still find wrist rests with that feature for much less money.Sorry 3M , you make some fine products but this one is n't for me .
 This just did n't do it for me . I found it really bulky . If you 're using it in pullout keyboard drawer , it may not fit right . I did n't find it all that comfortable either . The gel pad was n't cushy enough for me . I like one with more give to it . They might as well have used hard plastic.And for the money , I definitely do n't endorse this product.Usually I 'm really happy with 3M products , this one just seems like a waste of materials .
 This system worked well for 16 months . Then , without any warning , the screen on the base unit displayed `` E4 . '' I contacted Uniden customer service and was told E4 means `` a nonrepairable internal hardware failure . '' The customer rep stated , `` throw it away . '' When I questioned him about the reliability of the unit he further stated `` happens all the time . `` Need a doorstop ? Buy a UNIDEN phone system !
 I ca n't say enough about the poor quality of Uniden phones . I purchased these -LRB- but with the 4 phones and then purchased an additional 2 units -RRB- 2 years ago at one of the big box warehouses . I bought Uniden because of the glowing reviews in Consumer Reports and on the Amazon site . What a mistake!From the very beginning , the phones ' reception was poor . If you answered the phone before it had completed two full rings , the phone dropped the call . One unit was in our computer room ; one could never answer a call on that phone . Another phone , including its base unit , was located in a room off the garage . That phone never rang the first time , and only sounded on the second ring . Because the answering unit picked up on the fourth ring , there were innumerable calls that ended up on the answering machine while someone was actually responding to the call.Further , one extremely annoying feature was a continued beeping when there was a message . Unfortunately , you could n't turn off the beeping - you had to listen to the message to stop it . I hated that because there are times one just does n't have time to go through the new messages and would like to delay things . This system was designed to require you to listen or to go crazy ... Recently , the phones began cutting out during calls or simply dropping calls . At first , I thought it might be due to switching to phone service through our TV cable provider . However , the problem continued to worsen and having had enough , I dug out the sales receipt and took all the phones and base units back to the store where they were purchased . I can only say the customer service was first rate and my purchase price was refunded without question . I purchased a Panasonic set and am thrilled with it ; plus , my cable provider was not the problem.I would never recommend or purchase another Uniden product .
 I paid $ 130.00 for this unit and 30.00 for an extra handset . I have used them since November and all I can say is they have the worst range I have ever seen on a cordless phone . Even worst than the original cordless units that came out years ago . I consistently get readings saying I am out of range even when I am standing next to another charging unit and phone . The static is unbearable to the point it sounds like I am on a cell phone and I have to apologize to the people I am speaking to because they only hear every other word . The unit 's features are minimal and the ringer choices are annoying . I paid to much for the unit and only purchase it because of the reviews . So either mine is a dud or someone has been feeding their reviews for the product .
 I purchased this phone for one reason - it has a fantastic speaker phone capability in terms of the sound quality hear on both ends of the phone . It is loud and clear.Issues I have encountered :1 . Caller ID - Phone numbers appear in 10 digit format -LRB- XXX -RRB- - XXX-XXXX , however they can only be dialed with a 1 in front of the area code . Therefore storing a caller ID number is a pain because it does n't automatically put the 1 in for you and there is n't a way to move your cursor to the begging of the number to add the 1 . You must delete the entire number and then add the 1.2 . The phone book is not transmitted to all phones - it must be entered individually on each phone .3 . If someone from your address book calls - despite the fact that their name and phone number is already stored - the phone will not display their name .4 . The phone no longer comes with belt clips . -- if anyone has a remedy to the issues I have described then please respond to my post and let us all know how to resolve them . Thanks
 We received this phone Christmas 2006 as a gift . Within the first month we had to return one of the handsets to Uniden for a replacement since the volume level kept going out . The phone has worked fine until January 4 , 2008 , when we had a power outage -LRB- living in a mountainous area , we 've had them before with this phone -RRB- . When the power was restored 22 hours later , the base handset only displayed an E4 code . After contacting Uniden , they said they would replace it -LRB- they do n't do repairs -RRB- if it was within the one-year warranty and with a receipt but since it was just over the one year and I do n't have a receipt -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- this phone is now basically trash . I will not buy another Uniden .
 Just as I said -- not compatible with Lingo phone service . We have had it about a year , and we have finally given up . It interfered with our cable internet connectivity -LRB- we are now currently using an old 900MHz phone and that works a lot better ; as does our internet connectivity -RRB- . We spoke with the rep from Lingo -- he advised us that they have known issues with Uniden phones -LRB- perhaps it is with all phones ! -RRB- . Also , even before Lingo , we had difficulties with the phone -- dropped conversation , variable sound levels , that sort of thing . Maybe it was a bum set -- we got it from Fry 's on special . Nice looking phones , lots of frustration ...
 I am impressed with the number of features of this phone . The static , however , overshadows any great features . I would not purchase these again .
 I was very happy when I received the phone and read about its features . But this phone does n't work for me . When I connected it I started to get frustrated because it does n't work as I expected , specifically the range that it covers . I place the base unit in a central place of the house and I could n't use the cordless in my bedroom or in the kid 's bedroom or outside the house as I use my old cordless system . Before this , I had a 2.4 Ghz Panasonic and it work perfectly every where around the house and outside too and when I bought the Uniden I expected at least the same performance . Finally I had to by another phone , a 5.8 Ghz Panasonic , and it works better than this Uniden , but not better than my old 2.4 Panasonic . Now I 'm thinking that the problem is in the frequency that does n't have good penetration and ca n't cover a good range , so I 'm thinking to buy another 2.4 Ghz Panasonic
 We have a long house and this phone does n't extend to the far side of the house . So I called to see if I could get a second base to add range and the rude sales person said NO . That if I were to add a base , the phones woudl not be interchangeable - and we 'd have to only use the handsets with its parent base . The features are not intuitive .
 I bought this phone based on other reviews . Have since discovered that although the phone is OK , it has a problem of the volume fading lower and lower while you are talking and I have actually had to pick up an extention to finish the conversation . The phones are all properly and fully charged so that is not the problem . I suspect that the problem is in the handsets , but I 'm not sure how to return the phones and have n't done so yet .
 I replaced my old 900 MHz phone with this system thinking I was getting a premium upgrade from a phone I purchased almost a decade ago for college and from what it looks like I 'm not alone in this complaint . But then again others do n't seem to have this problem so who knows . Maybe it 's the building material in older homes or distortion from other electronics such as a computer , all I know is that when I go into rooms more than 30 ft. from the base I get horrible disruptions . I have the base unit in my family room and a handset in my office and it 's bad enough where I have to leave my office and go somewhere more open to be able to understand who I 'm talking to . My house is only 2,500 square feet . I guess I should have gone with V-Tech ... I also wish the intercom feature was a true intercom . What I mean is the person on the other side has to physically answer the intercom page , you ca n't just speak openly in the air to each other , what a pain , especially if your hands are full . Oh well , life goes on but I wo n't be buying another Uniden , sorry guys but not after what I paid .
 Pro
 The directory display and ring tones work fine - the phone does not work . No dial tone , reciever audio weak to nil . This is a poor representation of a telephone . Tech Support was not anxious to help . I replaced the phone .
 i think these were horrible ... we hooked them up and let them charge and there was a nasty noise in the background that we could not get out . i have actually sent these back for a refund because we were so disappointed ... sorry but these phones stink !!
 I bought this in September , 2006 . In November the base of this phone failed
 I find the design of this product somewhat deficient . If you hold it too close to your head , you can accidently press the disconnect button with your ear . This has happened on several occasions . The message announcement does not say when the call -LRB- s -RRB- were received . It announces the number of messages received and the current time . Shipping was prompt and packaging was very good .
 Do n't get me wrong , the phone works , you can send and receive calls with it , but heck , you can receive and send calls even with a phone that cost $ 10 bucks from Wall-Mart . I 'm looking for features here , and let me tell you what made me sad with this phone ... 1 - Speaker sound is weak and leave much to be desired .2 - Stored names wo n't show up with the caller ID , let say you saved -LRB- Mark 's -RRB- number , next time he calls you wo n't get his name up in the screen , instead you will only get his 10 digits number . So picture this with 60 people on your phone book , I doubt you will identify who is calling , so its a worthless feature..3-Missed calls do n't show the times these calls took place , like with a cell phone4 - Phone only redials the latest -LRB- 3 -RRB- numbers , I mean would n't you expect at least a 20 numbers of dialed calls -LRB- just like your cell -RRB- 5 - Sound quality on the handset itself leaves much to be desired .6 - Sound was cutting off as I was going to other rooms in my small apt.And finally the customer service is so bad , I had to wait for about 30 minutes to reach them , and they really offered no help whatsoever . . I 've done a lot of research and was disappointed with most of the phones out there , as non of them have even 10 % of a today 's cell phone features . Like 20 incoming , outgoing and missed calls , PC sync , large phone books etc. . . All in all , I think it was a bad investment , and the money I paid to upgrade my 4 years old Panasonic were worthless ... I mean thats too sad , a brand new phone , has no features more than a 4 years old lousy phone ... And for the people who are happy with call waiting , and message recorder , let me tell you , go and buy 10 dollars phone and it still do the same for you ... People in Europe do video callings , and we ca n't get our home phones to display the stored numbers when they call ... what a shame
 I have owned this system for a couple of years and had to buy new handsets twice . The caller ID and phonebook buttons just stop working after 9-10 months . This means you have to dial with the base and transfer the calls to a handset . If you lean your head against the handset , it hangs up . Additionally , if you try to talk near a large metal object , like a refrigerator , your voice dissolves into static . Try another brand .
 This phone has all the great features of a cordless phone but its life expectancy was very short . The buttons on the phones stopped working , then after about a year the batteries wouldnt last five mins after being charged all nite , then the base startedlosing touch with the phone until it just died and never worked again . This phone didnt last 2 years and I had to buy new phones . I have had uniden phones before these and they were great phones that lasted over 10 years.DISAPPOINTED IN UNIDEN !
 I got this phone so that we would have a hard wired phone that would work during power outages . It does this very well . The biggest problem is that I bought it to hang on the wall and the holes provided in the back of the phone are non-standard and do not match the standard wall plate hanger .
 Phone is really subpar . Voice quality is poor to inaudible . Feels and looks cheap and plasticky . People ask `` what is wrong with your phone ... It sounds tinny '' .
 Suncast Utility Base Cabinet C3600GThis cabinet is not nearly the quality of the Suncast cabinet I purchased years ago . The doors hang up when opening and closing . The top has no support and pushes down on the doors when anything is set on it . I trusted the Suncast name but sorry , this product is a disappointment .
 Purchased in June 2007 , the remote control suddenly stopped working . Universal remotes do not work with this product . Obtaining a replacement has been taking over 3 months . To purchase I had to send a money order as that is all they accept for payment . Each call promises delivery in a week . The product is fair at best and the customer service is poor . I would not purchase another Coby product based upon my experience .
 I do like this product , however for my needs , it is not sufficient . I am a first grade teacher and the major downfall with these mailboxes is that the the slots in which the paper is to go into is in no way secure . They are propped up by four little metal pegs and are easily knocked off the pegs by my students when getting their papers . They then have a difficult time putting them back on the pegs . I also feel the black plastic strip where the labels are supposed to go is way to small . Not even the labels that come with the product fit well on the black plastic strip.My product was also a little nicked in places due to delivery . One wooden piece had the corner snapped off . I was able to call customer service -LRB- Discount Office Items -RRB- and they sent me a new piece with no problem.After spending at least $ 100 dollars on this product , I 'm sad to say I will go back to using my cardboard Classroom Keepers mailboxes that were actually perfect for the job !
 As a literature organizer used by adults , this might be fine . However , I bought this about three years ago to use as the student mail center in my first grade classroom . It has held up all right , but it 's frankly not ideal . First of all , papers fit inside the compartments but folders do not , so the students have to bend them to make them fit , which is a bit of a challenge at the beginning of the year . -LRB- Eventually , they get the hang of it . -RRB- The area to label the compartments is really small , so you have to tape on labels that hang down and invariably fall off . Worst of all for me , the shelves sit on pegs and are n't fixed in place , so they 're constantly sliding out when a student takes out his folder at the end of the day . So , I 'm going to repurpose this as a paper center and spend more of my own money -LRB- sigh -RRB- on a new mail center with fixed compartments large enough to accommodate folders .
 Granted this thing sat unopened for way too long . When got around to assembling it there was not enough pegs for the unit . I have no idea who to contact about this . Plus I hate even having to waste my time on stuff like this . I have no complaints other than that the product is just as advertised .
 This is junk ! Not ment for school use . The dividers wo n't stay in and I 've only been using it for 3 weeks with my 4th graders . So disappointed and out too much $ $ .
 This is the listed Product Description : Make your work life E-Zier ! Quality-built , premium steel unit has a strong steel frame , shelves and dividers with a solid fiberboard back . Interlocking design of the shelves and dividers add extra strength to hold up to the heaviest load . Wide shelf fronts serve as generous label holders . Unit features 72 letter-sized compartments . Each compartment will hold up to 750 sheets.Scroll up and read the specifications published directly above the product description . It says it 's made out of wood.Houston , we got ta ' problem . -LRB- reason why I gave it one star . The actual product , made out of wood and which I bought a month ago , is great . -RRB-
 This is a high price for 6 pencils . A 4 pack at Staples is $ 4 . They look nice , but dont relly work that well . A retractable pencil needs to be well made to perform . Get a fixed point if you want a quality experience . Otherwise you will need to spend more for a good vanishing point .
 We purchased this phone , hooked it up , and tested it . The phone would n't ring , and the answering machine would n't answer . Called customer support , and they said that this is a known problem with `` some '' of these phones . Returned it for an identical one . The new phone rings some of the time , but other times it does not ring . When the phone does n't ring , the answering machine also wo n't answer . However , the display on the phone lights up , indicating that the call is being received , and the call registers on caller ID . Do n't buy this phone unless you want to sit and watch for it to ring ! That 's the only way you 'll know for sure when you might be receiving an important call !
 This phone system is a disaster . There is no range to the handsets . Many times they ca n't answer and when they do the reception is so bad that phones are unusable . PS - if you call Motorola they are no help ; they want you to go through an inane process of relocating all the phnes away from any household appliances before they will honor their warranty . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This phone is really no good . I used it my business , and I should 've replaced it after the first week . The 3 button doesnt work on the cordless . The cordless has no life . It is constantly dying , even in the middle of a call . Worst phone I ever had . If you put line 1 on hold and go to answer line 2 , sometimes the lines get crossed and you have two people on the same line with no way to remedy the situation but to call them both back.DONT BUY THIS PHONE
 I will always hold Motorola suspect after owning this product - the Motorola Brand is toast as far as Im concerned . . OK - so whats not to like - look at the swoopy body - 1/2 the time the phone doesnt hang up because you are never sure the phone is square on the reciever . The over priced wireless phone batteries loose their reserve power in the first 6 months - IE wireless has poor battery life - the wireless phone ringer died & I had to rely on the base station for a ringer - then finally hooray ! the base station died - no dial tone \ - now I have to go buy another - but it will not be a motorola . The range of the phone isnt that great and the wireless call quality stunk . . This two line phone was expensive as well almost twice as much as the competition . .
 I ordered bases with each having an included satellite phone . Each and every satellite phone lost all the pixel in the viewing screen . I noticed there are some on ebay for sale all noting loss of display pixels . The price asked here for the base is more than I paid for 4 bases with a satellite each . It has to be a typo .
 I purchased this product . But it just worked only one time and after that , it got solidified and could n't use it the second time . You can use this only for super clean surface since any dirt on the brush would crystallize the whole liquid and glue would be of no use anymore .
 The cart looks great , however , I have since found the same at Joanne 's Fab for $ 10 less . The drawers fall off track every time I pull them out ; the frame is too wide for the drawers . One drawer has already broken on the side , leaving a hole approimately 3 '' around . Perhaps , if you use for only the lightest weight items , it might work fine . I do n't think the items I put in the drawers are heavy . But like I said , it looks great !!!
 Bought this item at my local Arts & Craft store for $ 42 . on sale . The concept is great the quality is junk . When pushed on carpet the frame rackes over and the drawers fall off the slides . Im willing to spend the money if I can find one well made , but this is not it .
 I was looking for a metal cart , which is why I purchased this item . The `` Smoke '' drawers are made of cheap warbled plastic , so I returned the item .
 As a homeschool mother of 6 little one I have had my eye on this rolling cart for quite some time . I just could n't bring myself to spend the money . I finally broke down and was anxiously awaiting it 's arrival . I put it together as soon as it arrived and it looked just like the picture . However , it did n't work at all like I expected . NONE of the drawers stay in place . Everytime you pull out a drawer all of them fall out . They all have stoppers built into the backs of each drawer which serve absolutely no purpose . I kept trying to tighten everything more and more but still nothing fixed it . Everytime I look at it I am constantly reminded of what a waist of money it was . I would have returned it but of course I threw the box away and the headache of having to take it apart in order to ship it back and find a box to ship it in was just too much . So I am writing this review to hopedully save someone else the frustration . Do n't buy this brand !
 I thought this would be cute in my sewing room without taking up much space . The drawers do NOT stay in the racks and do n't slide easily . Its a battle every time I retrieve something . The drawers are shallow and do n't hold much . Do n't be fooled by the pretty colors and cheap price . Save yourself the aggravation and assembly time and buy stackables bins from a container store . You spend more , but they 're more durable , hold much more , and they come in pretty colors too .
 The drawers do not fit in the tracks or they come off the tracks . A great idea but so poorly made that the frustration of using it is > handiness.I would not buy one again . My husband has fixed it once . His fix allowed a couple more drawers to work . However , it can not be adjusted any further.Don ' t buy one - its junk
 The drawers are engineered very poorly . They tend to bow inward halfway between the front and the back . This means that whenever you pull a drawer out or put it back in , it nearly always falls off the tracks . Bins then fall into each other and it becomes very difficult to use them at all .
 I was a little disappointed when I received this product . First of all , by the description , it seemed like the drawers would be big enough to store 12 '' x 12 '' scrapbook paper but it is not . The actual drawers only measure 10 '' x 131/4 '' so I am a little disappointed about that but I figured I could find other things to store in it so I put it together anyway and when I did , it does not stand level and rocks back and forth . For the price , I am very disappointed . The drawer knobs are nice though.The other issue I have come across since I 've owned this -LRB- well over a year -RRB- the drawers do not fit properly on the little rails they are meant to . They fall off easily and you have to really concentrate on pushing them in just so . Definitely not for kids to use or you will have a mess ... I also noticed that they added the drawer dimensions ... yippeee for them , maybe they actually do read feedback !
 i was really fooled by this product . it looks like the frame is metal but turns out it 's cheap plastic . the drawers do n't stay on the track when you pull them out . it 's wayyyyyyyyy over priced . i wish i knew hot to return it . do n't be fooled by the imatation metal look . i 'm surprised at amazon for selling such an inferior product at an inflated prices . Shame on You ! i will think twice before i rely on Amazon for good quality products . they seem to be a web purchase portal for anyone who 's willing to pay to be on their site .
 I went by the reviews and bought this because it sounded like it would be good as a bead organizer . Putting it together was n't too hard but when I tried to put the drawers in on their tracks the frame was too narrow and they would n't slide in . I had to loosen the bolts at the bottom and the top so the drawers would slide in and out . I put my supplies in the drawers and as I filled it it started to lean to one side because I had to loosen the bolts on the frame so the drawers would fit and in order for the drawers to fit on the tracks it made them fall off the tracks . The whole thing was a joke . I loved the idea of it but it was just so poorly engineered and very cheaply made . I should have sent it back immediately but was hoping maybe it would work if I was careful not to move it too much which why I wanted it in the first place.What finally happened was when I was trying wheel it , a couple of the drawers fell off the track and hit the floor and some of the drawers cracked and by then was totally useless . By then I was down to 6 instead of the 10 drawers that were usable . I finally just threw it in the garbage . I found another `` type '' that I found at Stacks and Stacks and it is so much better made but without as many drawers which is what I liked about the other one and it was less $ $ . All I can say at this point is do n't waste your money unless whatever you put into it does n't weigh more than a pound in each drawer but even then it will still lean because you ca n't tighten the frame to keep the drawers on the track ... sigh . Not a good experience with this thing .
 It may look good but it is worthless . This was advertized as a scrapbook paper holder but is a total FAIL . There 's no way could they hold a stack of any paper like their ad showed.The metal frame is so flimsy that the drawers slide off their tracks uder the slightest weight . The drawers themselves are very , very flimsy plastic and deform easily . Their edges - the parts that are supposed to keep them in their tracks - are no stronger than the drawers ; it 's a recipe for disaster . If one drawer slips off the track , it shifts its weight to the next drawer , then the next . Soon the entire thing and its contents are in a heap on the floor.Maybe one pair of scissors or some tape and a glue stick ... definitely nothing heavier than 5 ounces per drawer . Do n't waste your money .
 Drawers always fall out of their grooves and end up knocking down the next few drawers below as well . The drawers were too heavy for the kids to easily carry , and they would spill all the supplies out or bump all the other drawers down off their runners . I had this in my daycare and hated it .
 The drawers will not stay on there slides they keep fallinf on to one another and there is hardly anything in the drawers this is a piece of junk
 I have 2 of these and they are a fabulous idea and perfect for my needs but I am frustrated with the drawers now bowing with just a little weight in them . I 've had them just a few months and they were great in the beginning but now they hang and fall off the rails when you pull them out because the plastic is not sturdy enough to hold less than 1-1/2 pound of materials ! The size would indicate you could fill it with paper but trust me ... 1/2 full is still TOO FULL and it bowes the sides of the flimsy plastic drawers . Typical great idea but just a little better quality would make them actually a great product too !
 I was hoping this product would have been designed alittle better . I love it for the storage and organization it gives , however the drawers do n't seem to stay on the tracks . Every time you pull out a drawer , it falls off the track . Even the slightest movement with the product takes the drawers of its tracks . I would have expected a better product for the money I spent!StacyIndianapolis , In
 These envelopes to not have enough glue to stay sealed after they are moistened , and you have to use tape to keep them closed . This is disappointing , especially since I was excited to find envelopes made out of recycled content .
 The drawers will not stay on there slides they keep fallinf on to one another and there is hardly anything in the drawers this is a piece of junk
 I have 2 of these and they are a fabulous idea and perfect for my needs but I am frustrated with the drawers now bowing with just a little weight in them . I 've had them just a few months and they were great in the beginning but now they hang and fall off the rails when you pull them out because the plastic is not sturdy enough to hold less than 1-1/2 pound of materials ! The size would indicate you could fill it with paper but trust me ... 1/2 full is still TOO FULL and it bowes the sides of the flimsy plastic drawers . Typical great idea but just a little better quality would make them actually a great product too !
 I was hoping this product would have been designed alittle better . I love it for the storage and organization it gives , however the drawers do n't seem to stay on the tracks . Every time you pull out a drawer , it falls off the track . Even the slightest movement with the product takes the drawers of its tracks . I would have expected a better product for the money I spent!StacyIndianapolis , In
 It may look good but it is worthless . This was advertized as a scrapbook paper holder but is a total FAIL . There 's no way could they hold a stack of any paper like their ad showed.The metal frame is so flimsy that the drawers slide off their tracks uder the slightest weight . The drawers themselves are very , very flimsy plastic and deform easily . Their edges - the parts that are supposed to keep them in their tracks - are no stronger than the drawers ; it 's a recipe for disaster . If one drawer slips off the track , it shifts its weight to the next drawer , then the next . Soon the entire thing and its contents are in a heap on the floor.Maybe one pair of scissors or some tape and a glue stick ... definitely nothing heavier than 5 ounces per drawer . Do n't waste your money .
 Drawers always fall out of their grooves and end up knocking down the next few drawers below as well . The drawers were too heavy for the kids to easily carry , and they would spill all the supplies out or bump all the other drawers down off their runners . I had this in my daycare and hated it .
 The drawers are engineered very poorly . They tend to bow inward halfway between the front and the back . This means that whenever you pull a drawer out or put it back in , it nearly always falls off the tracks . Bins then fall into each other and it becomes very difficult to use them at all .
 I was a little disappointed when I received this product . First of all , by the description , it seemed like the drawers would be big enough to store 12 '' x 12 '' scrapbook paper but it is not . The actual drawers only measure 10 '' x 131/4 '' so I am a little disappointed about that but I figured I could find other things to store in it so I put it together anyway and when I did , it does not stand level and rocks back and forth . For the price , I am very disappointed . The drawer knobs are nice though.The other issue I have come across since I 've owned this -LRB- well over a year -RRB- the drawers do not fit properly on the little rails they are meant to . They fall off easily and you have to really concentrate on pushing them in just so . Definitely not for kids to use or you will have a mess ... I also noticed that they added the drawer dimensions ... yippeee for them , maybe they actually do read feedback !
 i was really fooled by this product . it looks like the frame is metal but turns out it 's cheap plastic . the drawers do n't stay on the track when you pull them out . it 's wayyyyyyyyy over priced . i wish i knew hot to return it . do n't be fooled by the imatation metal look . i 'm surprised at amazon for selling such an inferior product at an inflated prices . Shame on You ! i will think twice before i rely on Amazon for good quality products . they seem to be a web purchase portal for anyone who 's willing to pay to be on their site .
 I went by the reviews and bought this because it sounded like it would be good as a bead organizer . Putting it together was n't too hard but when I tried to put the drawers in on their tracks the frame was too narrow and they would n't slide in . I had to loosen the bolts at the bottom and the top so the drawers would slide in and out . I put my supplies in the drawers and as I filled it it started to lean to one side because I had to loosen the bolts on the frame so the drawers would fit and in order for the drawers to fit on the tracks it made them fall off the tracks . The whole thing was a joke . I loved the idea of it but it was just so poorly engineered and very cheaply made . I should have sent it back immediately but was hoping maybe it would work if I was careful not to move it too much which why I wanted it in the first place.What finally happened was when I was trying wheel it , a couple of the drawers fell off the track and hit the floor and some of the drawers cracked and by then was totally useless . By then I was down to 6 instead of the 10 drawers that were usable . I finally just threw it in the garbage . I found another `` type '' that I found at Stacks and Stacks and it is so much better made but without as many drawers which is what I liked about the other one and it was less $ $ . All I can say at this point is do n't waste your money unless whatever you put into it does n't weigh more than a pound in each drawer but even then it will still lean because you ca n't tighten the frame to keep the drawers on the track ... sigh . Not a good experience with this thing .
 I thought this would be cute in my sewing room without taking up much space . The drawers do NOT stay in the racks and do n't slide easily . Its a battle every time I retrieve something . The drawers are shallow and do n't hold much . Do n't be fooled by the pretty colors and cheap price . Save yourself the aggravation and assembly time and buy stackables bins from a container store . You spend more , but they 're more durable , hold much more , and they come in pretty colors too .
 The drawers do not fit in the tracks or they come off the tracks . A great idea but so poorly made that the frustration of using it is > handiness.I would not buy one again . My husband has fixed it once . His fix allowed a couple more drawers to work . However , it can not be adjusted any further.Don ' t buy one - its junk
 The cart looks great , however , I have since found the same at Joanne 's Fab for $ 10 less . The drawers fall off track every time I pull them out ; the frame is too wide for the drawers . One drawer has already broken on the side , leaving a hole approimately 3 '' around . Perhaps , if you use for only the lightest weight items , it might work fine . I do n't think the items I put in the drawers are heavy . But like I said , it looks great !!!
 Bought this item at my local Arts & Craft store for $ 42 . on sale . The concept is great the quality is junk . When pushed on carpet the frame rackes over and the drawers fall off the slides . Im willing to spend the money if I can find one well made , but this is not it .
 I was looking for a metal cart , which is why I purchased this item . The `` Smoke '' drawers are made of cheap warbled plastic , so I returned the item .
 As a homeschool mother of 6 little one I have had my eye on this rolling cart for quite some time . I just could n't bring myself to spend the money . I finally broke down and was anxiously awaiting it 's arrival . I put it together as soon as it arrived and it looked just like the picture . However , it did n't work at all like I expected . NONE of the drawers stay in place . Everytime you pull out a drawer all of them fall out . They all have stoppers built into the backs of each drawer which serve absolutely no purpose . I kept trying to tighten everything more and more but still nothing fixed it . Everytime I look at it I am constantly reminded of what a waist of money it was . I would have returned it but of course I threw the box away and the headache of having to take it apart in order to ship it back and find a box to ship it in was just too much . So I am writing this review to hopedully save someone else the frustration . Do n't buy this brand !
 The item does not assemble well and is not leather . I ordered it brown and they sent me black . The overall quality is not that great . I would have rather paid more and gotten leather . I also think that they should note that it is synthetic .
 The chair can not be assembled and I 've called and emailed the company with no reply . We are very dissatisfied .
 This product is built with a plastic straw , seriously has the same weak structure.It is crap with a Class II laser diode in it . You might as well have the laser diode and some wires and a battery and do it yourself . I bought this product because I bought two green class II lasers for my sons which are made of aluminum . You can see green lasers not red and my daughter wanted a red and Class II is the only safe level for all of them . I have handheld Class IIIa and Class 4 lasers -LRB- 900F -RRB- and so I know what I am talking about what is quality and what is crap stapled together.Stay away from this product not even good use for a cat as the structure is so poor to hold .
 This is indeed a piece of junk . The batteries do n't fit tight in the case and you have to shake it to get it to work . It is not reliable . I teach college courses and constantly had to stop my class to fiddle with this thing . I threw it away . I am going to spend a little more and get a better one . You should too .
 Not a good laser pointer get a green one green are way more powerful . You can see the beam . this red pointer , Is straw and cheap .
 I have owned at least three of these over the years because our office supply source only has this type . They all work ok but they do not last long . As other have said , the battery cover and case are cheap plastic .
 A miserable experience . I bought this through Amazon when I contracted to have my hardwood floors refinished . The contractor took way too long , so I did n't try to use it until yesterday . Only the dry vacuum function worked , and not very well . I tried to call Hoover . They do n't have an 800 customer service number , so I had to pay for a looonnnnnggggg long distance call . Got a busy signal the first ten times , then was put in line -LRB- `` Your call is important to us '' -RRB- for 47 minutes , a total of one hour 13 minutes before I got a human being . She first tried to tell me that she did n't know anything about their products and that I should take it to my local appliance repair shop . I insisted and she finally suggested that I unscrew the handle and screw it on again . I did . Nothing , though I noticed that the internal `` controls '' are a couple of flimsey plastic sticks , the very essence of nineteenth century technology , but with cheaper materials . Ever heard of a switch?I then drove across the county to my Hoover dealer . He told me that there were two screws missing , which should have been installed at the factory , and replaced them . He also pointed out that the `` scrub '' function is a misnomer -- the thing does n't scrub ; its brushes are n't designed to move at all . He assured me that the tiny dribble of cleaning solution he managed to get out of it was all it needed.I took my expensive toy home and tried it . The advertised three-way action is actually about a half dozen separate actions , only two of them -LRB- vacuuming and dribbling -RRB- done by the machine . You have to do the rest . First you have to dry vacuum the floor . Then you switch over to wet/scrub and three tiny streaks of fluid appear . Then you go back over it to spread the fluid around and , supposedly , to pick up the fluid and dirt . After a few minutes the floor dries and you see dirty streaks everywhere . Repeat process . Same thing . Repeat , repeat , repeat . Then go get a mop and do it properly.As far as I can tell , the purpose of this appliance is to moisten dust , move it around a little and leave it on the floor as streaks . The machine has no effect whatever on dried spills , footprints , scuff marks , dirt or any of the other things that routinely find their way onto a floor . And the tanks are so small that you can only do about half a room before you have to empty and refill.I have bought a lot of appliances since I started restoring my house . Some have been great -LRB- Bosch dishwasher , Mac woodchipper , Mikita powertools -RRB- , most good -LRB- Amana gas range , ShopVac -RRB- , but this Hoover is the biggest piece of crap , backed by the worst customer service , that I have enountered outside the former Soviet Union . I gave it one star only because you are not given the option of none . And now Amazon wo n't take it back because 30 days passed before I could use it .
 I was very disappointed when I received my FloorMate from Amazon.com . The unit works well enough , I guess , but does NOT have spinning brushes -LRB- or at least mine did n't come with them -RRB- that the unit is advertised as coming with -LRB- looking at the viewable manual provided on the product page -RRB- . It does not clean very well with just the one little -- and I do mean little -- stationary brush included . I wish I had n't bought it !
 I was pleased with the way the Hoover cleaned my floors , except that I had to empty the containers too many times . After using it for 3 or 4 weeks , I realized that it is scratching and scuffing the floors and they look terrible . I hope I can return it because I can no longer use it . Terry Sita
 The Hoover Floormate was great the first two times we used it . Along with the Old English it did a great job cleaning and picking up the solution . After using it twice , it had difficulty dispensing solution from the Reservoir . This was remedied by having to apply downward pressure constantly . It still got the job done . Not too long after that it would n't vacuum the solution back into the unit . I got a great clean for the price divided by four uses . You do the math . I 'll stick to the `` cheap '' clorox thing we pulled out of the closet after I put the Floor ex-Mate into the trash . Very disappointed
 Upon recieot of this unit I washed a floor When completed the floor was straky and less than clean looking Upon the second attempt days later the product worked well on part of the floor and than just ceased adding water though the container was half full and aqfter putting some water and cleaner on the floor the decice aqlso did not vacuum it up I am quite disappointed i will try one more time
 I WOULD RATE THIS ITEM -0 - STAR BUT IT IS NOT AN OPTION.THERE ARE TOO MANY STYLES/MODELS . IT IS VERY CONFUSING . CHECK ITEM SPECIFICS CAREFULLY TO AVOID GETTING THE WRONG STYLE/MODEL . THIS VACUUM HAS STATIONARY BRUSHES . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND PAY THE DIFFERENCE FOR THE MODELS W / SPIN-SCRUB .
 I ordered this item on the basis of customer reviews . I tried to use it on both tile -LRB- in the bathroom -RRB- , linoleum -LRB- in the kitchen -RRB- , and hardwood floors . In none of these cases did it give satisfactory results .
 I also agree it is a piece of junk . I gave it as a gift and had bought it in early December . Obviously , the person that I gave it to could not open it until the holidays . 30 days had already passed when she discovered that it was a piece of junk . When we tried to return it , neither Amazon nor Allergy be gone would stand behind the product .
 It 's better than mopping . But that 's all . It puts down solution and picks it up . Other than that it 's just like mopping.My suggestion is , get a better model .
 very poor quality , hard to put together , if it was not so much trouble I would be sending back , do not buy this product .
 I had one of these many years ago and loved it . THe new one is just as good . Most convenient step stool I was able to find .
 I purchased this chair/step stool for the purpose of having a stool in the kitchen with a back on it so we could sit at the counter and work more comfortably . I thought this would be a good one since it could double as a step ladder . It 's only good for a step stool as far as I 'm concerned since the back is extremely uncomfortable . I 've tried putting a pillow behind me and it still is n't comfortable . I feel like I wasted my money because I really needed something with a functional back . If I had to do it over again , I would not purchase this stool .
 This just not get it as a kitchen work stool . Much too low , useless as such , very uncomfortable most especially the back , small , narrow seat . I plan to remove the back and find another place in house to use it , example ; spare seat at dinner table , possibly sitting at my synth , doing small projects at a desk/work area . Old Cosco seats much , much better ! Assembly does take some time , not a simple put together , be prepared . Keep in mind that it does not fold for tucking away when not being used
 The chair step stool parts do not match , therefore it is not possible to assemble it . I called the customer service department number on the instructions . I explained the problems and was told that they would send me a form to request a substitute item . I was told I would have to return certain parts of the order to ensure that the first item could not be used . It has been almost two full weeks and I have received no form and no phone call .
 This Step Stool came with two identical legs rather than a right and left leg , making it impossible to assemble . Two attempts to contact the Cosco Company went unanswered . Since the package was opened , I can not return it .
 This brand name use to represent quality , now to sad to say this chair is junk . High priced junk at that . Metal parts do not line up for assembly , when finally you do get is assembled it 's legs are so uneven it is not usable . If it was worth the time and effort I would try to disassemble it and return it , which I have no doubt Amazon would let me do as they are very good about returns . However it is a horrible piece of junk and too hard to send back . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 I recently purchased this step stool thinking I would get the same quality that I have been used to with Cosco products in past years . I am very disappointed in the quality of this stool . It is most uncomfortable for sitting and the vinyl is paper thin and tears very easily . The standards of this once well respected company have certainly hit rock bottom .
 After hours of attemps to assemble this , we 've given up . We 're taking it back and finding something else . Poor quality .
 I have my old ones still rusty and sort of still together in one piece after over 20 years . I thought I would replace them with what looked like the same type of chair . I must have not read the place where some assembly is required , as it seems almost all of it needed to be assembled . The screws do n't look so sturdy , the lock washers fall through the pre-drilled holes on the steps so it does no good , I stripped one of the heads on the screw because it is not a very strong screw . I went to Home Depot to buy better screws and lock washers . The swivel seat is held together onto the frame with plastic and a screw going through the plastic on both sides . I stood on the seat of the old ones many times , but I do n't think I will do it with this one . Maybe I should have fixed the seats on the old ones and repainted the metal . Time will tell if these will hold up to the wear and tear I put the older ones through . I think it gives me a reason to go on a diet.Update ... I have used this for a couple nights now , and find it very uncomfortable . The back rest is just a pipe now , instead of the padded back rest . You would be better off buying a different model or brand .
 Cheap aluminium , no nuts , just bolts with tiny sheet metal washers which go through the metal . I accidently grabbed a longer screw and with my own pressure , screwed completely through and poked a hole on the leg . The middle step is too small , so the top is leaned in to much . The seat slides side to side , not very safe . And the back leans to far forward.I will find a true , full steel , with nuts , bolts , and washers , like how my grandmothers and mom 's is . This one I will just turn into the stuff animal stand .
 I had the chair/step stool for less than 2 weeks and the seat padding `` shifted '' , leaving a `` dented '' appearance in the front area . I wannted just to have the seat part exchanged , but according to the Amazon customer service , EITHER I get a refund OR I have to have the WHOLE chair / step stool replaced . I could get the whole thing here , replace the seat , and send the rest back , but it is such a problem because the box is huge and the problem can be simplified ...
 I bought this system when it first came out and never have I spent more on a phone . I bought the DMX778 plus 2 of the satellite units . The caller ID has NEVER worked , and customer service NEVER helped . They were very adept at giving me the run-around though . The quality is so poor that whomever I am speaking with gets static . No matter how I adjust the sound , I can never hear very well either . This 2.4 GHz unit often says I have no service due to being out of range RIGHT NEAR THE BASE UNIT . The outgoing greeting on the answering system sounds fine , but all incoming messages are INAUDIBLE . I have had many Unidens and always loved them . I 'll try to dig up my 900 MHz as it always worked better than this expensive system -LRB- still , these many years later -RRB- . These are really pieces of poo-poo .
 I got a defective unit , so I called Uniden customer service . I 've never been treated more rudely by customer `` service '' in my life . They refused to help me without my home phone number -LRB- I do n't give it out - that 's why it 's called `` unlisted '' -RRB- and they bascially told me it was * my * fault that the phone would n't even power on . -LRB- even though I 'd charged it for 24 hours -RRB- . Then I called the seller - what a different experience . WestCoastMall.net was professional and courteous . They quickly provided and RMA , and exchanged the unit . Unfortunately the new unit was also defective . When I called for the second RMA , they told me they 'd had a very high number of these units coming back as defective . No surprise - if Uniden 's QA department is run by the same folks as their Customer Service , I 'm not shocked in the least.I was really disappointed , because on paper this looks like a great product - it has all the features I wanted
 I purchased this phone because it uses lithium ion batteries , which are the best . Unfortunately , the phone would not power on , even after charging it for several days . Returned it for a refund . Apparently , I am not alone in this experience .
 at first I thought I received the wrong product but I checked the model number and I was sent the correct one , the description says the stand measures 17.3 x 13.8 inches , but its length & width is actually only 15.5 x 11.5 inches , the product photo shows the legs near the edge of the stand but they 're actually about .75 inches in , why is that important ? because it means you have even less room to put something under the stand , out of the length of 15.5 inches you can only fit something that about 11.5 inches long , the ends of the screws stick out unlike the flat surface that you see in the product photo , and finally the bottom of the board does not have curved edges like you see in the product photos , I just hope they did n't also lie about the weight this stand supports
 Am I the only one who tried popping the supports together to get an idea of how high I wanted it , only to find out that they do n't come apart ? Wish the instructions had something written to that effect rather than a bunch of colorful hands and no instructions . When I tried to pull the supports apart , one of the plastic pegs broke off . I ended up breaking the whole piece out with some tools - not pretty , but does the job . Not faulting Amazon here ; I know they would have replaced it had I asked . That being said , this stand works great for my 26 '' tv ; the cable box fits underneath the stand perfectly . Just be careful !
 I was planning to put my laptop under this monitor stand -LRB- in its docking station with lid closed -RRB- to free up desk space.My laptop is 13.75 inches wide . The description says the monitor stand is 16.3 x 12.6 inches , but actual dimensions are 15.7 x 11.7 inches . When assembled , space between the legs under there is 11.65 inches -- not wide enough to fit a laptop unless it 's small.Construction is sturdy ; fit and finish are acceptable . Assembly is easy . My complaint is the misleading size specification .
 Purchased this unit for the height . It does the job . Little pricey for the quality .
 Well it works but the wrong way . Firstly they dont tell you the dimensions from inside the screw holes . A 15 inch tuner or whatever WONT fit . Although the dimensions say 15 or less . But again the screws mess that all up . I did manage to turn the monitor stand the other way but it looks silly but it works . Also one screw went in loosleywont not tighten stripped . Also the stickers they give you to hide the screw is awful wont stay on long before falling off ! wouldnt recoomend to anyone save your money for something else !!! Not worth the mony . Should tell you exact dimensions underneath stand so you can figure out if your tuner or component will fit at all ! Poor design . Top of stand is wood will scratch eventually as well
 It looked like it was going to be great for our office but when I got to the final hex screw I found it was n't punched so the screw has a flat top -LRB- no where for the Allen wrench ! -RRB- . I contacted Kensington since this monitor stand comes with a two-year manufacturers warranty but no word yet.All in all they seem like they do n't have good quality control or customer service so I wo n't be buying any of their other products for our offices.Guess I 'll probably have to mail the half assembled one I have here back . I do not recommend this product or this company .
 The actual flat platform was fine , but the legs were of very poor quality . The pieces `` snapped '' together , but were difficult to pull apart to make any adjustments -LRB- I actually broke one -RRB- . Also , one of the screws to attach the platform to the legs was defective and could not be tightened with the wrench that was included .
 This item did not meet the standards I was expecting . I usually switch to another phone rather than talk on this one as it does not have good quality reception . I would not buy another one or recommend it .
 This phone has horrible voice quality and tons of static ; not typical of Uniden phones but apparently this model is a lemon.Save yourself some headaches and buy something else .
 Synopsis
 I purchased this phone because the price was low and it had the features I was looking for , Caller ID , Call waiting Caller ID and a message waiting indicator for voice mail service from the local phone co. . These features work well but the sound quality is not that good . The speaker where you put your ear has only a very small slit opening that makes it hard to hear a caller unless you move the phone to just the right position on your ear . Even with the volume turned all the way up it is annoying to use . AT&T phones used to be some of the best cordless phones on the market but they are now made by a subsidary of VTech called Advanced American Telephones . I would not purchase this phone again and would be cautious about a phone from Advanced American Telephones or Vtech .
 When I received the pen the cartridge was dry and the spare cartridge was missing . Therefore , I had to add $ 17.00 to the price to make it work . I wo n't be doing this again . Bought it for a present and did n't have time to return it so I was stuck paying the extra money I should n't have had to pay . Yes , I am upset .
 Mine broke with the first coin . It 's light , flimsy plastic and is definitely not worth twenty dollars . I paid five for mine new and it 's not even worth that .
 never worked when I bought it brand new . Lost count of coins very frequently . Will have to return and get something better .
 This counter started out fine , but eventually -LRB- not sure when exactly . maybe after a year -RRB- it got to the point where it would miscount coins -LRB- mistake dimes for pennies , quarters for dimes , etc -RRB- or not count the coins at all . Now I just use it to hold my change . Who knows how much change is actually in it .
 This product is assembled fine but can not tell the difference between dimes and pennies so therefore it is useless as a counter and is not attractive enough as a piggy bank .
 I was very disappointed with this product , first of all based on the weight of two pounds , I thought this was going to be larger . I was at first going to return it but I thought I would just use it in conjunction with the one I already have . It , unfortunately , is not accurate . There are times when I put a coin in the slot and it did not register the value of the coin or count it , also whenever I put a penny in , it would count it as a dime and added 10 cents instead of just one cent . So I am not too happy with this product .
 I got this for Xmas and I was amped about using it . At first it was fine putting a few coins in it a day . Then I wanted to count all the change I 've saved over the years , and noticed that it would miss counting some of the coins I inserted , even at a slow pace . Ok , that was an easy problem to deal with ... So I had about $ 110 of coins counted and it was almost full . While adding more coins to it , I looked again after a few minutes , and it read $ 4.27 ! I was not happy about that after spending the time and not knowing exactly how much money was in there ! So maybe I have a defective one , but I am looking for another one right now , and seeing that for a few dollars more , I can get one that counts & sorts too , I think I 'll go with my other options . Good luck to you all !
 It 's not flashy ... looks simple , like it would do the simple job of counting coins one by one , right ? After about a month or two it stopped working correctly . As someone said in another review . . it misses counting some of the coins . When you put in a coin ... it will blink the amount you put in -LRB- put in a quarter , it blinks $ 0.25 -RRB- , and then displays the total again . After about two months of use -LRB- only putting in about $ 40 -RRB- it would frequently miss counting a coin , and just display the total even though I put two quarters in . I 'm still using it for storage , but I could have saved my money and used a cereal bowl . Do yourself a favor , spend a little extra if you really want a quality coin counter . I 'd recommend Sam 's Club , they have some great counters very reasonably priced .
 I purchased this digital coin jar as a gift for my husband 's birthday . He absolutely loved it , as we are both really into saving our change . Every day he 'd come home from work , add his coins , then proudly announce what the grand total was up to . Then , a mere month and a half after use began , the jar stopped working . The l.c.d. display started registering coins incorrectly . We replaced the batteries , and dropped in a quarter . The display read `` $ 0.30 , '' then just started flashing `` $ 0.00 . '' I have ordered him the Sharper Image digital coin jar and hopefully we will not be disappointed again !
 I 've had this chair for a couple of weeks now , and it was the best $ 100 I 've ever spent . It 's easy to assemble , has a nice strong metal base , and pretty comfortable for a new leather chair.When doing a little research , I found all sorts of variations on this exact chair ranging up to $ 250 -LRB- same manufacturer , same exact chair body -RRB- , which makes it a pretty good bargain.Update - had the chair for a couple of months , not an all day office chair by any means . I 'm guessing the average person can sit in this chair for a couple of hours at a time comfortably once it ages and packs down a bit . I 'd drop my rating to about a 3 star if I only could : -RRB- Update 2 - the chair packed down completely in 3 months of steady use -LRB- I only weigh about 170 lb -RRB- - it just became landfill . Spent the cash , bought a Herman Miller chair , been using it non-stop for a couple of years , and this thing feels like it will last a life time . . spend the extra cash , lesson learned .
 I bought this chair on black Friday , 2005 . In less than 2 years , the seat of this chair is gone totally flat and now when I sit on it , you can feel the metal supports under the seat cushion . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and weigh 170 lbs. , so it ca n't be me .
 I ignored all the opinions of my friends to NOT buy a chair online that you ca n't test out . Many of the reviews here were positive , except for some slight discomfort , and I bought it.I paid almost half the price of the chair in shipping , which is to be expected , but I had a gift certificate.The seat does indeed slant backwards in a strange manner . The front is padded extra , so it slopes back . The top of the seat back is really padded , so to sit back in it and `` relax , '' you actually have to curl up into a concave shape . I spend a lot of time in my chair , and it causes my back to hurt after a few hours . I also cross my legs when I sit sometimes , and the seat bottom is not as many inches across as my old chair , so it is often very uncomfortable.I am defiantly using it because of the money spent , but I might just have to off it on craigslist and get a new one that I can try out in a store . -LRB- Unfortunately , I can not return it because my cat has pricked a few pinholes in the underside . Even if he had n't , I 'm not sure Target would accept it , since they do n't sell any of these on the floor of my local Target , but admittedly , I never tried to . -RRB- I am in my mid-20s , 5 ' 7 '' , and average-weight female . I hoped for something better considering the price of the chair .
 This chair SUCKS BIG TIME ! I had this crappy chair for ONE WEEK before it started to fall apart whenever I leaned back -LRB- and I 'm not that fat either -- 5 ' 11 , 170 pounds !! -RRB- This chair was made in China under sweatshop conditions and it SHOWS ! Somebody call Ralph Nader , because I want my money back Target and/or Amazon.com !
 This chair only last me a couple of years before the whole thing fell apart . If I 'm going to pay that much money I expect it to last a lot longer then 2 years .
 I purchased these to send DVDs in the mail and the envelopes are too small . I have used many other brands that leave more than enough room , but these are so tight I can barely fit a DVD in it without almost damaging the case .
 These were thin and the bubbles were not very thick , so they did n't protect the item in the bag very well . This required me to wrap everything again in bubble wrap , which defeats the whole purpose of a bubble mailer.On the bright side , they were very light , so they did n't add much to the mailing cost . I would have preferred they weighed more and protected better.I will not be repurchasing these mailers .
 The product description under features '' * Create your own calendar '' and one product review that refers to software included in a similar product led me to the assumption that this kit included software to make a calendar . IT DOES N'T ! What you get is a box of paper with perforations -LRB- glossy on one side -RRB- and a little plastic `` GBC '' type binder doo-dad ... Since I do not have any Calendar making software , the kit is worthless to me unless I go out and spend more money . If you have some software already , then great , but do not buy this product thinking it has everything you need to make a calendar out of your family photos .
 if it says postcard paper , i thought it will be just to print and ready to send postcard , but instead its a regular paper for printing , not thicker or anything and does not have lines for address or anythingit was also a little yellowish on the edges , and not clear white
 these are small pieces of photo paper , they are not heavy stock as i would expect postcards to be . if you want to print a photo , you can use these but there are cheaper options available . i was really hoping to print postcards but this weak paper would need a protective envelope before it is mailed .
 Invent It ! tends to take an idea already in the marketplace and put a slightly more `` home hobby '' twist to it . What Invent It ! does here is change the standard configuration of the sheets . Other manufacturers include three , letter-sized sheets with no scoring of any kind . Invent It ! gives you one full sheet , one sheet with precut rectangles , and one sheet with precut circles.While I admit that some hobbyists may like the convenience of pre-scored sheets , I personally found it annoyingly limiting to be forced into these shapes . I ca n't , therefore , see more than a novelty use for this pack . It would make sense if Invent It ! created a pack of each kind of sheet , because that would give consumers the opportunity to buy sheets for particular projects . This way , however , you have to spend a prohibitive amount of money to get enough sheets to make even a modest run of , say , magnetic business cards.As for their general quality , Invent It ! gives us slightly less powerful magnetics , and a material that is irrevocably stained by water . They are best on kitchen doors , or other areas of highly concentrated , magnetically conducive metal . For example , they hardly stick at all to stainless steel , and they also seem to have their functionality compromised by refrigerated or moist areas . Indeed moisture does seem to discolor the base color of the sheets , permanently changing that color from white to a very dull pearl . Fortunately , the material is such that the design itself will not bleed when wet , as is the case when inkjets print on paper.I must point out that none of the three manufacturers I tested performed much better under what might be considered `` extreme '' conditions . None stuck to stainless to any great degree , and all discolored under moisture -- though others did so less permanently . Invent It ! did actually lose some magnetivity when exposed to water after adherence , actually curling slightly under the strain . Other manufacturers , notably Xerox , seemed to have slightly improved magnetics overall , sticking better to more types of metallic surfaces . None seemed eager to be used on already-moist surfaces , but Xerox in particular seemed to withstand moisture better if , for instance , condensation appeared after sticking the magnet to the surface.In sum , then , I think Invent It ! would be perfectly fine for making exterior refrigerator or interior car magnets , but this particular collection of shapes will be limiting to most creative minds . Businesses looking to use this product for routine labeling of work areas will be best advised to look for other manufacturers , or even to consider transparent decals .
 I tried several times to transfer an image to the puzzle surface and it neve did adhere . I really wanted this too .
 I rarely write reviews anymore , but wanted to chime in and confirm what others have reported on this product.Complaint a -RRB- Adhesive is very poor , as others have said . I wo n't trust it and always put packing tape over the flap.b -RRB- Size - so far I have only shipped ps3 games , but if my memory serves me they 're the same dimension in width as standard dvds ... anyway , getting them into the envelope is an absolute chore . You must insert it directly parallel to the length of the envelope , or else you either wo n't get it in , or will destroy the package . And even then , it 's a very slow , delicate process . Very tight fit for DVDs/games . c -RRB- Padding blows - the amount of air fill in the bubbles seems awfully low . I can squeeze gently on the games I 'm shipping and hear the case crack gently -LRB- though non-destructively -RRB- . Also , by the time I squeeze it in due to the tight fit , both corners of one side -LRB- i.e. , the front and back sides of the case on one side -RRB- do n't feel well-protected . I can feel the hard plastic edge through the mailer . I just hope they arrive in good condition ? I 'll update if I have any problems.Overall , I would not recommend this product . It was affordable at the time , but for a product sold directly under the `` Scotch 3M '' brand , I am quite disappointed . There ya go .
 I got these at a good price and they 're perfect for mailing cds , however the adhesive used to seal them is woefully inferior . AND THIS IS A SCOTCH 3M PRODUCT !!! Is n't that what they do ?
 This cheap plastic box is not worth it . The lid is attached to the box at 3 points . Thats it . 3 little spots of plastic . The flexing is going to break the lid off in no time .
 I was a bit disappointed by the fact that the lids on these boxes will not stay closed . I should have gone with the more expensive Rubbermaid product .
 Front of package does not tell you it containes only 10 sheets to work with . For the price I was very dissapointed .
 When I ordered these cards it specifically said `` Matte finish '' 1/4 size Greeting cards but I received Glossy cards instead . Very disappointing !!!!
 I originally purchased this phone because of its ability to act as a pbx system at a low cost . It would have been ideal for small businesses or offices.The drawback is simply the sound quality . For a phone with such great potential , Casio should have put a little more work into this `` small '' detail.While on the handset the volume was always too low no matter how high you had the volume . The speakerphone was useless . There is an additional jack -LRB- rj-11 -RRB- for a headset however it was geared for the older style headsets which are expensive ... More importantly , while using this phone I was always asked to speak up by the party on the other end.If you do n't mind lacking sound quality in your phone system then this may be a good purchase . For me I would choose to go with a system with fewer features rather than not be heard .
 At first look , this sounds to be the ultimate phone created to deliver all that you need.I use this phone at home and sound quality is worse than the $ 20 phone from K-Mart . The Speaker phone has very low volume and you hear a constant noise on the line , be it through the speaker or the handset.Accessing and reviewing voicemails is very slow compared to any other system that I have used.It sure sounds exciting in the beginning , but you will be looking for a new phone soon.I would recommend checking other phones before you buy this .
 I have it for about 3 years now and is the primary phone in my home office . But instead of using it I would rather pickup my cellphone which has more friendly usable features . The headset easily falls off the base if you install it on a wall or it may not settle correctly and you end up with a dial tone . Fumbled with it multiple times , and the reason why its still in my desk is that it makes my desk it look like an office desk -LRB- its a decor -RRB- .
 The Casio SI-460 is loaded with many excellent -LRB- and easy to set up -RRB- customizable features , but there are a few features that are not customizable that one should be aware of , as they may be important to you :1 . It will not let you record different messages on different lines . This is especially important if you want to record a different message for your home and home office numbers or for different family members .2 . You can not choose the default outgoing line . For example , if you have different long distance services on different lines and want to call from your second number , you have to manually choose it by pressing the second number . This is an even bigger problem if you want to use the auto redial feature , as it will automatically dial from the first number . The only way around that is to put the first number on hold before you press the auto redial button .3 . If you are using the speakerphone on the Auto Attendant Unit -LRB- the unit chosen to answer calls and to run the voice mail system -RRB- and a call comes in , it will not ring on that Unit and the caller will hear a continuous recording saying `` Hello . Thank you for calling . Your call will be answered shortly . '' Unless you see the light on the Unit light up or hear another extension , your caller will remain in limbo until you hang up the speakerphone .4 . You can not turn on the Auto Attendant , and hence the Voice Mail , remotely .
 As dedicated office equipment this system might have some value . For use in the home with any additional phones it has little value . I purchased four ; one for the kitchen , home office , master bedroom and den . A call answered on a non system phone -LRB- a bedroom trimline -RRB- can not be picked up by any of the CASIO phones . The Telephones have a privacy feature that prevents other Casio extensions from picking up unless the call is first placed on hold . The answering system `` Auto Attendant '' takes four programming steps to turn on . When on it disables the ringers on all other Casio extensions . Most of us are used to the anwswering machine always being on and picking up after four or so rings . Quality of calls is good and the intercom feature is quite useful , except when an extension is on privacy . If your still interested check the auction site , there are four at half price .
 We are a small consulting company of 5 people and we 're on the phone a lot . The Casio Phonemate seemed to be a dream come true . For us , it was more like a nightmare.Here 's what the Casio materials do n't tell you : There is a strange computer voice that your callers hear anytime they are transferred . Specifically , the voice says `` Hello . Thank you for calling . Your call will be answered shortly . Hello . Thank you for calling . Your call will be answered shortly . '' Often , this greeting will overlap when you answer your phone . Not very professional ! This is programmed into the phone and CAN NOT BE CHANGED . We had several complaints about this unnatural computerized voice.If you are using the base phone that also functions as the Autoattendent , you do n't hear the phone ring and the callers are lost in automated ... It takes a LONG time for the caller to be transferred to an extension and EVEN LONGER for the callers to finally get voice mail.The only way you can leave an outgoing greeting for your callers is by speaking into the external mic . It makes it sound like a home answering machines.Customer service was almost impossible to reach . They have strange office hours and often the line is busy . When you finally do get through , there are only 2 people to answer your questions.Casio Phonemate is a different division from Casio . This really affects the customer support!There was slight bleeding of the lines 1 and 2 and then 3 and 4 . I do n't think the outside callers could hear this , but it was distracting to the people in our firm.Our true dream phone system is the Panasonic KX-TG4000 . For about the same price , it has all of the features promised by Casio , but this phone delivers . There are some automated portions , but it is in a very natural woman 's voice . Plus , it is cordless ! The sound quality is outstanding ! We 've tested the phone well outside of the office it the quality was still stellar . Do not buy this phone without first trying the Panasonic KX-TG4000 .
 I purchased 4 of these phones prior to reading the reviews on this site . I had done some research and from everything that I could find , which was not much , this was the best deal around short of a full blown pbx system . The first problem that I encountered was that at times when you hang up the phone the receiver does not set all the way in the cradle and after a few minutes I would hear a beeping tone which alerted me to the fact that the phone was off the hook . I also notice that when several lines were in use you could actually hear the conversations of the other individuals in the office who were on the line . The final straw was when a couple of my clients gave me some feedback as to what they thought about the system . If you really want to get a pulse on how well a new phone system is working , ask your clients . Needless to say , after spending -LRB- $ -RRB- per phone I was very disappointed . I did some more research and I returned the phones and I purchased the ... phone system . Within 1 hour of puchasing this system I had it up and running and the autoattendant was taking calls . Everyone in my office loves this system , and my clients are complimenting me on expanding my business . If you are in business , that speaks for itself !!
 This phone will not work on it 's own power , and requires a proprietory power supply made by Casio , which is a 120 v , power driven , wall wart type adapter . It is n't very long , so you ca n't go further away from the AC wall outlet than the length of that cord . It does have a battery backup so if your building power -LRB- 120 volt A.C. -RRB- goes out , then your phone will still work , but I worry about battery corrosion harming the phone upon long periods of time with the batteries in the phone . Also , the volume on the handset seems to pick up alot of noise when you turn the volume up . It seems hard to hear your party on the other end of the phone conversation . This phone is fragile . I had the phone 2 weeks and it fell to the floor due to the tangled mess of cords running from the phone . It requires 3 wires to the phone . Two RJ-11 phone wires - one for each of two lines - and the power cord . The phone electronics inside the phone broke , and I had to send the phone in for repair -LRB- not covered by warranty -RRB- . All in all a disappointing purchase .
 Casio told me they discontinued the SI 460 -LRB- all phones -RRB- when I contacted their totally inept tech support group on 5/15/02 . I 've had nothing but trouble with the 2 SI 460s since I bought them last year.Their tech support/customer service capabilities are as bad as their technology . No wonder they stopped making corded phones !! I am not going to rehash my bad experiences with Casio over the last 1 + years as it will make me crazy . I had enough dealing with them earlier today .
 Ahhh ... so this is the infamous remote that claims Nintendo has ruined them financually by releasing a superior product as a console conrtoller.This product at first sight seems plain ... lacking ... and a useless peripheral that is an alternative to a mouse , keyboard , digipen , joystick , laser pointer ... So let 's see , it 's pretty much , an infrared , wireless , 2 button version of everything you already have ! Joy-Joy -LRB- minus the Happy-Happy -RRB- There have been others in the past who have tried to contest Nintendo 's legitimacy , and have lost horribly . Heck , since the abolishment of their 10NES chip back in the 90 's , companywise they 've been clean as a whistle ! -LRB- ... well there was also that backstabbing incident with Sony that ultimately led to inception of the PlayStation -RRB- Ok ... clean as , Kate Moss ' last whistle ! : DAs an informed consumer of electronics I think this product should be disregarded in the electronics world , and should share a grave next to the beta-max ! For lack of originality ! Come on !?! You think you really invented the first infrared remote ?! Also , anyone who 's ever had fun on Nintendo 's accord should boycot this item out of pure spite ! You owe a few shots to the Gipper for the ole Nin ! ... it 's your call ! ;-RRB- My time is up , YOUR time is now !
 This company is suing Nintendo because of the idea of their Nintendo Wii remote ! Just go to any Nintendo forum and see . This company will surely lose , because Nintendo started working on the Wii four years before Interlink filed a patent.Interlink PHAILS !
 These boxes are a waste of time . They were delivered in two halves of cardboard boxes hastily taped together without any kind of secure holding materials , thus they were torn and scratched up quite severely . Once I got them home I realized the boxes do n't fold together properly . By the time I did get them folded together they were mangled beyond use
 I have bought this device in a pair and hoped to use for international calls . First of all , it would n't work when I tried to connect between the device internationally . I called them and learnt that the network is not proper setup for this . Second , I tried call from abroad to US , which they promised in many website that it same low rate everywhere in the world like you call from PC to phone in US . Instead I got $ 0.039 a minute as listed from net2phone website , I was charged with $ 0.10 a minute . I called them but they refuse to adjust the rate by simply saying that the rate is different when I used jap jack device . I tried to speak to their supervisor since they seem to need the decision from him . But they did n't allow me to and promised to call me back within 24 hours instead . After 24 hours , I called them again but they disappear for a while and come back in the phone by bad excuse that the request has been backup . Since that time , I have n't been contact back from so called supervisor.So Please be careful on the rate they promise . -LRB- the rate printed in the manual is even lowe , which is $ 0.029 but they refuse to do anything on this -RRB- .
 The company that made/promoted/distributed this product , Net2Phone , is still in business but offers no support for their product.I own two of them and they work very well ; I would give it 4 stars ; However since the company behind it does not believe in it any more , that 's why I gave 1 star.So BEWARE !!!
 After couple of years with this phone I can honestly say that this phone has great potential to be excellent phone if only Uniden fixes two major problems :1 . Poor range2 . Low battery capacityThe good thing about this phone is that it has very good sound quality -LRB- when in range -RRB- , it has a lot of features , good display and a great design .
 I purchased this phone with the idea in mind that I would increase the talking distance over my old 2.4 GHZ , wrong no different , still 50 ' is the best I can do , my old analog phone could go clear across the street and much clearer , digital phones are poor for different frequncies to transmit .
 I ordered this phone a few months ago for use in my small business . Unfortunately , the phone works only sporadically . Sometimes when I call people they can not hear me . Sometimes when people call me I can not hear them and they can not hear me . The auto-answer feature sometimes works and sometimes does not . I called Uniden , waited on hold for 20 minutes , and was hung up on . I plan to simply throw the phone away because it is not worth my time to wait on hold again , and I could not conscientiously sell it to someone else , given its defects.I would strongly recommend that you do not buy this phone .
 The Gyration GP94455-001 is not the Ultra GT which is shown .
 This is an older 2001 Year model which is discontinued.www.gyration.com has no information on this model as the items box states YEAR 2001 on the box.The box does NOT state the item works with Windows XP.I am returning mine and purchasing the new model together withthe keyboard and I am certain they will make a nice addition tomy computer.The owners Manual you download here at Amazon.com states itDOES work with Windows XP but REMEMBER it is discontinuedand the included RF receiver is different than the new models RFReceiver , so I wonder if it will work and is compatible with aNEW MODEL YEAR 2003 GYRATION KEYBOARD ???
 Bought the wireless `` air '' mouse and wireless keyboard with my new Gateway computer . Mouse died after working for about three weeks . Gateway sent me to Gyration for support - still waiting . Tried sending emails , they answered with a question which I answered but nothing since . Spent several hours waiting on hold on a non 800 phone line for someone who `` will be with you shortly '' but did n't come on line . Sounds like a good product if you get a good one , but heaven help you if you get a lemon . The keyboard worked fine and still does .
 The laser alignment is very helpful , but this plastic version does not hold up to heavy usage . I 've gone through two already , and each has lasted maybe 9 months . The parts that control the laser light switching on and off are extremely sensitive and can be easily dislodged permanently if you accidentally push the cutting lever down too hard . If that happens , that 's the end of the trimmer . Very disappointing considering the cost . I am trying out the wood base version -LRB- which only costs about $ 6 more on amazon -RRB- to see if it holds up better .
 I have two of these . One where the laser did not work , the cutting arm is flimsy , and the measurement is off by 1/16 - 1/8 of an inch , which messes up craft projects where precision is of utmost importance . X-acto sent me another one , but I 'm so annoyed at how badly designed these trimmers are , I do n't even really want to use it . I should have gotten a Dahle or something of better quality that is made for heavy usage . Save your money , folks .
 This paper trimmer has several nice features ... the blade locking into the closed position , the blade staying in the open position while lining up your paper , and the 1/4 inch gridlines are all great . Unfortunately , the gridlines on the trimmer I received were not precise , resulting in inaccurate cuts . Another disappointment is that the adjustable paper guide ca n't be placed less than 4.5 inches from the blade ... rather unfortunate if you need to align smaller paper . The trimmer is supposed to be able to cut up to 12 sheets of paper at one time , however I was unable to get a clean cut with more than 4 pages .
 I just ca n't believe the reviews for this item are real . This is worst product I have bought in a very long time . It is flimsy . The laser edge is about 1/16th off and at a slight diagonal . If you need to cut anywhere close to square this cutter simply is completely incapable of doing that . And the `` Heavy Duty '' is simply not true . I can almost guarantee that the people that wrote the description for this item NEVER saw it and definitely never cut a piece of paper with it .
 I 'm satisfied with the voice quality of the product but the looks is not that good . I hope they can design better than this just like apple does . CHeap looking plastic . Netgear should have a good designer before they release a product .
 At first I thought I 'd like this phone , but in practical day to day use it quickly became a disappointment . Specifically , there are issues with the phone reliably connecting to Skype and doing even simple things like playing voicemail messages -LRB- it now plays them for us but we ca n't hear anything , from either of two handsets -RRB- . In addition , it has been disconnecting and reconnecting from Skype continuously which is highly disruptive.Oh yeah , almost forgot to mention . When you 're on a call , and another call comes in , it beeps in your ear and EVEN WHEN YOU REJECT THE OTHER CALL , IT STILL BEEPS ENDLESSLY , FORCING YOU TO ABANDON YOUR CURRENT CALL TO MAKE THE BEEPING STOP . Totally annoying , and makes the phone useless.A very poor , immature , 1.0 product . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 I am not going to write what this phone does and what it does n't , you will read it from other reviews . I will explain what problems I had and you might have with it . At least it might help you to troubleshoot the similar issues.First , it was easy to setup the phone , connect it to the router and phone line , register your skype name and make your first land line call . Quality is good . Then I placed a skype call to a friend and . . first problem
 I wish there were a lower rating for this product and the Netgear support department
 I bought the SPH200D a year ago to keep in touch with my family abroad . At the time , there were n't many options for Skype phones , and this one seemed to be the best on offer . I use the phone for both Skype and landline local calls . The setup and user interface on the phone were straight forward and simple enough . In addition , the phone provides a web page interface to set up preferences , which was really nice . However , I soon found that on all calls -LRB- both Skype and landline -RRB- the first 60 seconds were unclear and filled with static . I tried moving the phone to a different location , using different connection cables , testing the landline with another phone . All indicated a problem with the SPH200D . In addition , after about 3 months of use , the phone would unexpectedly be `` Unavailable '' for Skype calls , without any known reason . I would have to manually re-boot the phone in order to get it working again . So , as a great believer in customer support , I contacted Netgear with my issues . There e-mail support technicians obviously knew much less about the phone than I did , and were unable to help me . They instructed me to call into the support center , which I soon found was a toll number . Once I explained my issue , I was then put on hold for 20 minutes -LRB- at my cost -RRB- until the call was eventually disconnected . After several further exchanges with their email support , I gave up and decided to buy another phone . In short , do n't waste your time or money on a product that is lacking in call clarity and a company that has the worst support I have experienced in recent memory .
 I first must admit I am new to using Skype for a phone service . I bought this hoping to make my intra state long distance bills non-existent . After 4 days of trying to make this work I give up.The setup was easy enough , although the manual on the included CD was older than the firmware in the base unit . The username/password are incorrect in the manual . I had version 1.0.4.30 on the base unit and the username/password were admin and password not admin/admin as stated . Ok , that took a while to figure out after many google searches.I was able to make both skype calls and landline calls to a few numbers with ease . But then I stated calling more numbers . I skype-out to my mother-in-law about 5 times and each time as different but bad . At first it disconnected , then when she picked up , I could not hear her but she could hear me . Tried again , then I could hear her , but she could not hear me . Again I called back and neither of us could hear the other . I figured it was her landline causing problems . I tryed skype-out to some cell phones -LRB- Virgin Mobile -RRB- and had endless ringing , could n't hear me , could n't hear their voice mail until 20 + seconds of waiting and then it was only at gaps.I checked Netgear 's web site and saw there was an upgrade to 1.0.4.80 and upgraded last night . I thought that went well until this morning my handset said `` System Is Upgrading '' . I also could not get the admin webpage on my base unit to come up . Ended up pulling the batteries from the phone and cycling the power on the base unit . Tryed the cell phones again and same problems as before.Bottom line - I am returning the phone .
 This was really easy to set up . However , on all calls made on it -LRB- whether local or overseas -RRB- there was a REALLY bad echo on our end . The people on the other end did n't hear it , but everything we or the other person said echoed so loudly that it obscured the words ! So , back to the headset for now ...
 I bought this after trying and returning the Linksys CIT300 . Both phones operated in basically the same manner . Set-up on the Netgear phone was easy and initially , the phone worked as advertised . Then suddenly , every time I made a call I could hear the phone ring , but once the call was answered , I could n't hear a thing . The other person could n't hear anything either . This is the same problem I had with the Linksys phone but that one had the problem right out of the box . I checked on-line support but could n't find any help . I called Netgear support in India but they refused to help me until I registered the product . I do n't like to register products because I think they use the info for marketing purposes . And I do n't see why , as the customer , I should have to give personal info to the seller . Maybe I 'm behind the times , but that 's how I feel . So I sent the phone back and wo n't do business with Netgear ever again . Since I had the problem with both phones , maybe the problem has something to do with my router configuration rather than the phone . Unfortunately , neither company 's tech support could help me . But if I ever figure it out , I 'll go back to Linksys because at least they tried to help .
 I have the DTMF issues the user named `` me '' wrote about - I can call in on some systems and use touch tones -LRB- checking voice-mail with Verizon Wireless -RRB- but on other systems -LRB- conference calls hosted by Global Crossing , etc. -RRB- I can not . I purchased this phone specifically for use in conference calls as they eat up my cell phone minutes -LRB- I only have a cell phone -RRB- . By the way , I _ can _ call into my conference calls with the Skype software running on my computer and using the software 's tones.I wrote Netgear support about this DTMF issue and they `` forwarded the Case to the Level 2 support '' - I have n't heard anything more , but it 's only been 48 hours . I 'm going to have to return my SPH200D if there is n't a firmware or some kind of update to address this issue.By the way , I wrote Skype about the `` low balance '' message I receive on this `` Skype Approved '' phone . I have SkypeOut -LRB- unlimited calling -RRB- and a crazy 1 cent balance in my `` normal '' Skype account . This 1 cent balance resulted in the phone warning me about my low balance on every single call . I wrote Skype about the issue and they gave me a ~ $ 1 credit and which solved the phone 's warning message issue - I really appreciated it.Overall it 's a great phone but this one issue with touch tones serverly impacts its practicality .
 I 'm a big NetGear fan , and use its products for all of my home networking needs.Sadly , this is the first NetGear product that has let me down . I really liked the look and feel of the phone . The interface is also nicely done and very easy to navigate and use . However , command processing is slow . Pulling up any menu item -- especially contacts -LRB- I have 6 -RRB- and Recent Calls -- is VERY slow . The latter brought the phone down . The other day , I tried to pull up the Recent Call list . I received a loading message -LRB- which usually takes about 5 seconds before calls are displayed . After 10 minutes , I called NetGear.NetGear , like so many other tech companies , has outsourced their customer call center beyond the US . My first call was answered in two minutes by a pleasant enough woman whom I could hardly understand through a thick accent . I explained my problem and was told she would be back in just a brief moment . When my cell phone displayed 25 minutes on the counter , I hung up and called back.The second rep that answered my call was even more difficult to understand . I explained my problem and he kept me on the phone for about 20 minutes trying several things I 'd already tried myself -- take out the batteries and replace them ; reset the phone 's settings ; de-register the phone from the base and re-register . Upon the reset , the phone never came back . We sat together on the phone while it said it was loading the system for first-time use for somewhere near 10 minutes . I played XBox while we waited . No rescue was happeneing . At that point , I was told there was nothing they could do and I should return the phone to Amazon.I was offered no replacement by NetGear . I asked specifically why they would not replace the phone for me since it had been just short of 30 days since my purchase and it was under a 1-year warranty . He told me that I just needed to return it to the store where I purchased it.Amazon is out of stock . I 'm trying something different .
 1 -RRB- Sound quality is terrible - worse than when I use Skype from my laptop with ordinary built-in speakers . The phone is only about 10 feet away from the access point -LRB- antenna -RRB- .2 -RRB- The menus are a ridiculous maze ... many many keystrokes just to get to voice mail .3 -RRB- The dual line makes it a bigger pain to use - you constantly have to choose which line to use . It should be a user setting which defaults to one line or the other unless you choose differently.I wish I had seen some of the poor reviews before purchasing .
 `` Unavailable '' or busy tone followed by `` Sorry call failed ! '' are the most frequent responses to an attempt to call out using SkypeOut . We routinely miss incoming calls.Even just going through the menus , `` Unavailable '' is a frequent response . Maybe one out of four times can you actually get the cordless unit to do what you wish . I 'm just 15 feet away from the base unit and they ca n't communicate.For this to pass as a telephone , it is going to have to be considerably more reliable . You pick up a phone and use it and it works . This thing just does n't do that.It 's always an adventure . Sometimes it works -- mostly not . Clearly this product is not ready for wide-spread adoption.We 've used Skype as our only phone for over a year and it is an exercise in daily frustration . The only land-line alternative here is a morass of totally unacceptable business practices , or we would have abandoned this product in the first week . For the price , extremely disappointing .
 I 've spent 3 hours trying to make this phone work with Skype . Nothing helped . I 've found some reviews on other websites and it seems like many people have the same problem - the phone fails to establish a connection with Skype , which makes this product useless .
 I ca n't state for sure that Netgear is to completely blame for the 2 stars I gave this product , however there are major faults with this phone and the Skype service its intended to use . First , the phone ... it 's an odd shape , feels horrible in your hands -LRB- I have large hands -RRB- and you ca n't rest it on your shoulder to talk handsfree without it slipping out and onto the floor . The basestation is very sensitive and often takes a hard reset to bring it back online after a brownout or momentary power fluctuation from the grid . Whenever you make a call it constantly asks if you want to use SkypeOut or the phone line , annoying and it ca n't be permanently set for specific contacts , and when you have a low SkypeOut account it always warns of the fact before placing the call -LRB- a serious oversight if you use the unlimited SkypeOut option -RRB- . Battery life is far less than my cell phone and you do n't hear any chime or notification that the battery is about to die , so I 've resorted to leaving it in the charging cradle all the time.Next , the service ... Skype is a great idea , but its not yet mature enough to allow a VOIP phone like this one to be used properly . First , there is no way to send a phone number to be used with caller ID , therefore many of my calls -LRB- 90 % + -RRB- go unanswered as many people are wary of answering calls from ` UNKNOWN ' or ' 1234567890 ' when it pops up on their caller ID . This issue alone makes this product useless for any serious use .
 Netgear Dual Mode Cordless Phone with Skype -LRB- SPH200D -RRB- I bought this phone a little over a year ago . It never worked good . It is fine if you want to make aa phone call once in a while , but you ca n't use it on daily basis . It simply freezes and you do n't even know that . It shows `` online '' but in fact noone can reach you . You have to unplug the power and reset it . Than of course you need to adjust time zone again and other regional settings . It is just so annoying . I 've tried it with different routers and even different hi-speed internet providers . It is always the same . Sometmes it would unfreeze itself and suddnely you are getting 20 voicemails and 30 missed calls . It is more a toy than real phone . And for this price ??? Forget it !
 I really wanted to love this phone . For the equipment cost + $ 30 for a year of SkypeOut , it 's a great value . I had to work hard to talk my wife into the purchase , but the reviewers here helped to convince her . Unfortunately , the call quality of this phone -LRB- for Skype calls -RRB- is nothing like a landline , and not even in the same league as Skype on a computer . Nobody we called even recognized our voices at first , and kept asking why it sounded like we were all muffled . The delay between speaking and being heard made carrying on a conversation difficult at best . Minor annoyances -LRB- that we could have ignored with better call quality -RRB- are the lack of outgoing caller id and an answering machine for landline calls.The phone companies are in for a rude awakening , and this phone is an early version of a device that will eventually be an excellent product ... but it 's just not there yet . Mine is on its way back to Amazon .
 It 's likely I just got a bad ` phone ; however , I still recommend against the ` phone if the speaker function is important to you . My phone had 2 problems :1 . When using speaker , even with volume turned down to minimum , there was a lot of `` whiney '' noise - presumably from feedback .2 . Skype calls completed successfully but then were dropped about 3 seconds after the called party answered their ` phone.If the speaker is an important feature for you , I advise caution as other reviews have mentioned speaker problems . I presume , however , that the Skype problem was unique to my phone .
 This phone was unable to correctly dial extensions or into conference lines via Skype . Upon dialing into another line over Skype and listening for the tones I found that the tones produced by this phone were very short , garbled , or non existent . Some people will argue that the inability to correctly create these -LRB- DTMF -RRB- tones is an issue with Skype and not the phone , however , this is incorrect . I have had no issues using the skype software client while making similar calls.In a world littered with automated phone systems an oversight of this magnitude is inexcusable in a phone product . Due to the fact that I dial into different conference lines all day , the phone is worthless to me.My only other dislike with this phone is that I signed up for a year Skypeout plan with which caused my account to have a balance of 9 cents . The phone reminds me of my `` low balance '' on every call and I have to hit ` OK ' to see the main status screen again . If I were going to keep it , I would probably add a few bucks to my account to bribe the phone to keep quiet.Nearly everything else about the phone worked well and I was satisfied with the physical build quality .
 As many others have pointed out , this phone does not generate usable tones to operate with phone answering systems . Therefore , it is completely useless as a replacement for your regular phone.On top of that , it has the usual issues of rather poor voice quality , long delays before each side hears the other , echos of your own voice that are so annoying that it makes it almost impossible to hold a conversation , and customer support that had to be called four times only for them to tell me that the lack of touch tones is `` under investigation '' because of other users ' complaints.In other words , this phone will make you very unhappy if you expect it to act like a normal telephone .
 I 'm a big NetGear fan , and use its products for all of my home networking needs.Sadly , this is the first NetGear product that has let me down . I really liked the look and feel of the phone . The interface is also nicely done and very easy to navigate and use . However , command processing is slow . Pulling up any menu item -- especially contacts -LRB- I have 6 -RRB- and Recent Calls -- is VERY slow . The latter brought the phone down . The other day , I tried to pull up the Recent Call list . I received a loading message -LRB- which usually takes about 5 seconds before calls are displayed . After 10 minutes , I called NetGear.NetGear , like so many other tech companies , has outsourced their customer call center beyond the US . My first call was answered in two minutes by a pleasant enough woman whom I could hardly understand through a thick accent . I explained my problem and was told she would be back in just a brief moment . When my cell phone displayed 25 minutes on the counter , I hung up and called back.The second rep that answered my call was even more difficult to understand . I explained my problem and he kept me on the phone for about 20 minutes trying several things I 'd already tried myself -- take out the batteries and replace them ; reset the phone 's settings ; de-register the phone from the base and re-register . Upon the reset , the phone never came back . We sat together on the phone while it said it was loading the system for first-time use for somewhere near 10 minutes . I played XBox while we waited . No rescue was happeneing . At that point , I was told there was nothing they could do and I should return the phone to Amazon.I was offered no replacement by NetGear . I asked specifically why they would not replace the phone for me since it had been just short of 30 days since my purchase and it was under a 1-year warranty . He told me that I just needed to return it to the store where I purchased it.Amazon is out of stock . I 'm trying something different .
 this is a nice product and i bought it because it had so many good reviews - turns out i should have trusted the few bad reviews i read instead.sure it 's a dandy little device that feels good in my hand and as promised i 'm no longer `` tied '' to my computer - though i practically have to sit right on it with my ear glued to the phone to decipher even half of what my friend is telling me.i make only non paid Skype calls overseas -LSB- not SkypeIn/SkypeOut -RSB- so that may be the difference , but even with all the fixes i 've read and tried , the voice quality on this phone has never come close to the quality i got with a simple $ 5 labtec headphone/microphone combo.you do the math - meanwhile this product will be returned so i can buy a big comfy computer chair . heck , there might even be enough money left over to upgrade to a pair of $ 10 headphones ... ; -RRB-
 Well , to say I 'm underwhelmed by this product is an extreme understatement . I work for an organization with many children and many crayons . My response is - throw this product in the trash ! I 'm fairly light handed , but found that every 3/4 crayons I had to take the blade out and clear the broken crayon . What a waste of time and money . I ca n't believe other reviewers found this to be a good product .
 I bought this about three months ago and it is the WORST thing I ever bought . When I first seen this I was thrilled . I own a day care and spend lots of time sharpening crayons . At first with a new blade it worked fine but who wants to change the blade all the time and blades are expensive too . Now this is not worth anything to me and just makes sharpening crayons a bigger job then before . You spend more time trying to get the broken crayon out that got stuck . If you have any kind of arthritis in your fingers/hands you can totally forget about using it as you have to have a VERY firm grip on the crayon to keep it from spinning in the sharpener . Whoever said a child can do it is wrong . I have let all age children try and its always with the same results . I only wish I would have listened to the other reviews . I also ca n't believe other reviewers found this to be a good product . DO NOT BUY THIS ! I just wish I could send it back .
 Did not ship the style folder that I ordered . Folders were not the same quality and had a white sticker on the back covering something . They enclosed a letter detailing why they shipped an inferior product . Very disappointed .
 Did not ship the style folder that I ordered . Folders were not the same quality and had a white sticker on the back covering something . They enclosed a letter detailing why they shipped an inferior product . Very disappointed .
 This stuff just gets your fingers wet , and the water evaporates off your fingers quickly , so you have to continually be sticking your fingers back in the stuff . The brand `` Tacky Fingers '' is a lot better . It gets your fingers a little bit sticky and it lasts awhile .
 The printer is ok . The software demands registering , reminds you forever.The register process demands a great deal of data -LSB- I gave them all nonsense but I had to go through the process -RSB- . You can not contact DYMO to complain except by telephone . This sort of thing makes me furious . I wo n't buy anything else from them .
 Unfortunately , this new 330 is a major step in the wrong direction . As far as the database software goes , this is a disaster . The old interface and conventions were intuitive and easy to update . This new interface was cobbled together by someone that does n't have the slightest programming knowledge or basic common sense . They actually used apple keyboard commands , which are reserved for apple functions , as shortcuts ! It is virtually impossible to use . You ca n't even have custom names for more than one person at a single address - like ABC Co.-Joe , ABC Co.-Jane , etc. . The software can only take its database listing from the first line of the address , period . Even then , you only get like 12 characters . All in all , this is a bush league offering.It 's sad when companies ca n't leave well enough alone and have to tamper with a successful product .
 Months after Snow Leopard was released I ca n't use this expensive printer . This response from Dymo support on December 30 , 2009
 I use the labelwriter for file folders and mailing labels , maybe 5 or 6 a day . I am lucky to get through two days without having to expend another cleaning pad to get readable lables . Tech support has been lacking . I 'd buy another but not without an unconditional , over the counter , exchange guarantee . When they work , they are great . I 'd prefer ink jet print cartridges over the problems with the thermal print heads .
 I could not get this label printer installed in my windows xp computer . I called the support line twice . I may be the unlucky one , but the individuals I got , were no help at all.I sent it back .
 USB connection does n't work with XP professional . Printer Comes with USB and Serial cable . I initailly tried to configure it for USB -LRB- I finally ended up using the serial port -RRB- but before installing the driver XP pops dialog saying printer drivers are n't XP certified . But I downloaded LW60_drv.exe from DYMO web site which is supposed to contain the XP drivers . I called their tech support and they told me that the drivers should work on XP and if I was experiencing problems I should just return the printer back to place I got it from . I think they have some software issues they need to work out .
 The Dymo LabelWriter 330 was a HUGE disappointment . After loading the software 8 times , it still does not work with Microsoft Word 2000 as advertised . This is simply more trouble than it is worth . It does n't work with QuickBooks 2001 either . What I thought would be a real convenient time saver is more like an unproductive desk accessory . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I 've owned two of these , both of which have failed within a year and a half -LRB- first one the print head died , second one the internal power supply died -RRB- . I used it almost daily , but certainly within the scope of what they consider `` normal usage '' . Nice product concept , but cheaply built and very badly quality controlled -LRB- it gets VERY hot when running , which is probably the design flaw that has lead to both failures -RRB- . Definitely a sub-standard product for the price .
 I was a great fan of my Dymo until I realized that many of the labels smear because of the heat when being processed at the Post Office . If you put the label where you would usually put the address of someone you are mailing , the label will smear badly and become unreadable . I 've brought the problem up to Dymo several times but have never received an adequate explanation of what they are doing to solve the problem . This is a serious problem since there is a chance many letters may not be getting through . I now use my Dymo only for labeling files and return addresses ... I wondered why I did not get responses from people I sent letters to . . apparently the never got them ... Send a few test envelopes to yourself to see the extent of the problem ...
 One of the Notary books arrived looking as though it had been cut by a razor knife before it was packaged in the shipping container . This shows poor quality control by the person that packaged the items .
 I was so excited to get these folders , until I opened the box . These files have only ONE tab stop per color . Red and purple files have tabs on the right . Yellow and orange have tabs in the middle position only . Blue and green have tabs on the left . So if you were planning to use the colors to identify your files by category , you ca n't . Oh and a word of warning on the colors too
 I was so excited to get these folders , until I opened the box . These files have only ONE tab stop per color . Red and purple files have tabs on the right . Yellow and orange have tabs in the middle position only . Blue and green have tabs on the left . So if you were planning to use the colors to identify your files by category , you ca n't . Oh and a word of warning on the colors too
 I was so excited to get these folders , until I opened the box . These files have only ONE tab stop per color . Red and purple files have tabs on the right . Yellow and orange have tabs in the middle position only . Blue and green have tabs on the left . So if you were planning to use the colors to identify your files by category , you ca n't . Oh and a word of warning on the colors too
 These were bought to be used as name tags for a large holiday party . Only after the packaging is opened does one discovers that each name tag includes the warning , `` Do not apply to leather , suede , velvet , corduroy , vinyl , plastic or silk . '' Nowhere on the packaging or in the product description is this disclaimer included . A customer is left with the choice to perhaps ruin a guest 's or participant 's clothing - or switch to another product . Be warned - Avery is clearly deceptive in omitting this warning on the outside of the packaging or in their product description .
 Labels came off while wearing , switched to clip name tags the next day . Now I have a ton of sticker name tags left over .
 I expected the labels to have the `` Hello my name is '' on them like in the picture , but it just has a wavy red border . Then I found out it said `` Do not apply to leather , suede , velvet , corduroy , vinyl , plastic or silk . '' Now I 'm stuck with 100 of these .
 These labels do n't say `` Hello My Name Is '' on them , as suggested by the picture on the product page . Very disappointing .
 Does n't look like the picture at all , its just blank with a red border . They 're just a bunch of liars .
 I use markers in my business and find the large bullet tips to cause my writing to be sloppy . Therefore , it is back to the chisel style tip markers.Note , these markers do not malfunction but are just not my preference .
 I bought this tape because it seemed to be the best deal by far on Amazon . Now I understand why it was so cheap . This tape is very thin and flimsy so I end up layering it on over box seams . I do n't really trust that one layer alone will hold boxes closed . But the worst thing about this tape is that it splits . Every 2nd or 3rd time I use this tape it splits when I peel the end up to start it . This is extremely obnoxious , frustrating , and time consuming . Not to mention a waste of tape because I have to throw out the pieces that get mangled . So in the end , when you factor in the extra tape you use because the tape is not strong enough , the tape that is wasted when it splits into pieces , and the extra time spent dealing with these issues , it is NOT a bargain .
 Despite having the Scotch brand , this tape is very low quality and thin . I would only trust it on very , very lightweight shipments . Unfortunately , most things that go in a box are not that lightweight , so it 's really pretty pointless . I read a couple of other reviews saying the same thing , but I thought I 'd take my chances since some people thought it was great . I wonder now if those people have ever used other packing tape ! Spend your money wisely on the slightly pricier , heavy duty tape . You 'll be saving money in the long run !
 can not provide a review - I never received this item.I was `` forced '' to rate this transaction with at least one star . I was unable to continue without it
 I was really disappointed when this item arrived . The concept is great and with improvement could be a wonderful learning tool.It can not be used by a child just wanting to hear letters or play by ones self . The product is used more like a game.The person sounding out the phonics sounds like a robot and is very hard to understand ... definately not teaching phonic sounds .
 The computer is hard to understand and she is wrong sometimes , which is very frustrating to my five year old . The only use is he can pretend to be a teacher with the games off . The quality is a little bit shabby . i am not sure how long it will hold up .
 I 'm very displeased with this product . It 's WAY overpriced . There is next to ` nil in the way of documentation anywhere on the web about this product . Also , only after purchasing the product does one find out that it only works with Win95 & 98 . The software for the mouse is subpar and very non-user friendly . The operation of this mouse is also very poor in that , when scrolling , the software continuously displays random program windows , as if one were pushing the preprogrammed buttons . This is a horrible product .
 I misunderstood the description , and ordered the wrong thing . Everything else was great . I just did n't realize I had ordered wrong till after I had opened them . I &#34; needed &#34; the whole alphabet A - Z in one box . Found exactly what I needed locally at Staples . I guess I should have checked local first . .
 I did n't like the fecal theme and that is what cost this product 4 stars . It works as well as any mouse pad , but I just do n't like fecal humor.The Beatles themselves are ridiculously lampooned in a grotesquely cartoonish form.There is a local group that I have heard called `` The Dung Beatles . '' On the plus side , they are talented and can play just about any Beatle song . On the minus side , they use fecal lyrics and lyrics about sexual perversions and do revolting parodies of excellent songs . Someone who liked the Dung Beatles ' parodies thought this might be something a Beatles ' fan would love , but not this Beatles ' fan .
 This is a neat idea - we were offered a free trial by Scotch . But this is not a good product.The alleged advantage , of course , is that we can stack these on bookshelves or in the supply closet with all the other supplies . And it 's true that if they are still sealed , they stack/pack nicely.But after the first use , the brick falls apart . You have to find a bag to put all the pieces in , just like you do with normal styrofoam peanuts.Further , the claim that these will `` expand 3x their volume '' is a bit misleading . It does not expand , and the shape/size of these peanuts actually makes them a bit less efficient than normal peanuts -LRB- they 're too flat -RRB- . Plus , in this packaging , you get 1/3 less than if you buy a bag of generic peanuts -LRB- assuming a $ 5 or $ 6 retail price for this brick -RRB- . One nice thing about them - there is no static cling or foam `` dust '' with the brick . But overall , I 'm unimpressed . I 'm turning down any future free samples .
 DO NOT PURCHASE IF you think these are Packing Peanuts . They are n't , they are made of Styrofoam . They do not fill spaces and go everywhere except , into the box . They are not conducive as a product for filling space to cushion and item during packing . Do not make the same mistake I did . I MAY find a use for these yet , not certain , what that could be . Waste of MY time Waste of My money .
 This product was supposed to be new . It was not . It did not have an ink insert , so I had to go out and buy ink . By the time I was finished , it had cost the same as a new one at the local store , where it would not have taken days to get to me . Boo , hiss , not happy , me .
 I want to know what is in the box ? I want an A/C adapter.Canon P23-DH V 2 color mini-Desktop Printing Calculator
 I did n't open this at once . I should have.It 's way larger than I hoped out of a small calculator . It 's instructions were very poor , I could n't figure out how to put in the tape for hours and when I got it put together it did n't print . Words fail me but I 'm incredibly sorry I bought it .
 I ordered this so i would have a printed record of what iwas adding and doing other things but tape willnot feed even when you push the feed button
 If you expect to be able to punch in 25 + 25 = and get 50 then this `` calculator '' is not for you.If you want , for example , to subtract 25 from 100 you need to punch in 100 + 25 - and then it still does n't print print 75 until you press the asterisk key . Probably great for people that use adding machines but for me ... not so much . None of my other printing calculators I 've owned work like this . I feel it 's mislabeled and I regret wasting my money on it .
 This calculator is great if Amazon sends you the correct color -LRB- silver/black -RRB- as shown . I was sent a white model that looked ancient . I have used this model calculator for years and it has served me well . Perfectly sized for my small desk . Features are good . I love the calendar and time feature .
 this requirement is really dumb , I returned it because I did n't like it . way tooo much on it for what I was looking for .
 the calculator it never work I had to returned I called Canno support and they agree it was defective an suggested to returned it
 great disappointment . the buttons do not do what they say . v ery poor speech quality/clarity . aage 82 , i sought fewer answering problems , instead more .
 I ordered this item as an economical approach to a color inkjet refill but what I received was complete junk . First , be aware that these are recycled inkjet cartridges - they are NOT new -LRB- which would have been nice to know up front -RRB- . The one I received was manufactured in 2005 . The bigger issue - the cartridge was sent to me EMPTY - NO INK !! I needed this for a critical project - so imagine my surprise when I went to install it . The ink reservoir plugs had been punched , but it looks like this one skipped the refill and went straight to shipping . I wound up running to the store at 11pm to get a cartridge that actually had ink in it ... . Unless you buy ink cartridges for the thrill of guessing if they will work - take a pass ...
 I bought 2 cartrisges at $ 20 each , they are not even worth 2c both together . After 1 sheet of plotting , the brand new cartridge started acting as if it 's empty , missing line , shading etc. . I have no choice but to thow away both cartridges and the $ 40 that I paid for them . I recommend Amazon.com to stop selling a defective item like this one . Absolutely piece of junk .
 I was sent different colors than I ordered , not worth the hassle of returning it , but still when you order one color combination and are sent another its very frustrating .
 I do n't know if it 's insulting or just sad that they described this mousepad as having `` adjustable angle '' and as `` designed for right and left handed people . '' What they 're actually saying is that you can rotate it , and that you can put it on either side of your desk.You can not change the angle of the incline . There are no moving parts . Other than that , a nice round mousepad with a slight tilt .
 I specifically bought this mousepad because it was supposed to be shaped ergonomically to provide the best wrist support . That could n't be further from the truth . I can not express sufficiently how completely disappointed I am with this product . If anything , it creates more strain and pain for my wrist . The `` proper positioning '' picture on the packaging is totally useless . And as far as using memory foam , maybe if it was made out of rocks ! I would n't recommend this to anyone , especially if they have issues with carpal tunnel or the like .
 The product was put on a core roll that is too big for the printer and we have to unroll the labels and re roll them on a smaller roll to fit the printer .
 The picture on this ad clearly states that it has 1400 pages meaning 100 per pack . So how can it be that there are only 50pgs per pack ? Is it 1400 or only 700 ? That 's a HUGE difference . And if the packs are `` half-sized '' like many ppl are saying then it is a big hairy LIE !!
 The description is misleading . It says `` Four pads '' but these pads are really thin and have about half the number of post its as the usual size pads . Nowhere in the description does it state how many sheets are in each so I just assumed these were the standard size pads you get everywhere . These are really equivalent to 2 pads you buy in the store .
 These notes must be from a bad batch . They wo n't stick to anything . Whatever I put them on they just fall off . I suggest looking at other `` copy cat '' brands , or be prepared to use tape with these .
 The product was put on a core roll that is too big for the printer and we have to unroll the labels and re roll them on a smaller roll to fit the printer .
 I expected a 3-mailbox system to have three passwords for remote reterival of messages . Instead , there is only one , which means that everyone knows what each other 's messages are.The directions are also a bit confusing , although I finally stumbled through the set up.Otherwise the unit works fine !
 I am another person who could n't even set up the unit since the speaker did n't work when I opened the box . It might be an okay unit , but since I received a defective one , I will never know . I saw others had received defective units , but thought it would n't happen to me . I took a chance and lost . Seems like AT & T has a quality assurance problem if they are shipping lots of units with problems . Steer clear ...
 The product arrived quickly and in excellent physical condition . Too bad that the brand new product was non-functional from the get-go . The system did not work at all .
 First one total malfunction -- returned . Replacement -- ca n't get repeat of the messages -- instructions totally inadequate -- calling Customer Service a JOKE . If you have HOURS OF TIME to work at it -- you MIGHT get it figured out ! It totally destroys `` any '' respect for the AT&T trademark . In My opinion -- TOTAL DISASTER . I would not even suggest looking at a picture of it ! WORTHLESS -- `` GREAT '' WASTE OF TIME -- A DISGRACE TO AT&T .
 DO N'T BUY IT ! MINE IS ON IT 'S WAY BACK ! NO CHIRPS , NO BEEPS , NO SOUND OF ANYKIND . INSTRUCTIONS DONE VERY CHEAPLY . . SMALL RECTANGLE TO UNFOLD INTO TWO SIDED LARGE PIECE OF PAPER WITH NO ORDER OF HOW TO TO FINISH SET UP !!! MINE DID NOT WORK . I DID NOT READ THE REVIEWS `` BEFORE '' I BOUGHT ... DO N'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE .
 I thought I 'd be getting a funtional machine , but it literally does n't record messages of 10 seconds or less . This is an impossible situation for those who sometimes get short messages as you will not even know you received them!I 'm going to try to return it .
 The machine never worked . It randomly plays the outgoing message for no apparent reason , even when there 's no incoming phone call . After wading through a very long menu of options at the tech support number I got to a person and was told I 'd have to return it at my expense , even though it 's in warranty.If you look at other sites with reviews on this machine you 'll see that my experience that the unit did n't function correctly is n't unique.Save your money !
 This is a good machine if your phone does not have a answer machine . No visual review for caller ID which makes this machine use less if you intend to use the caller ID . The black color is nice compared to the white which seem to always get dirty or dicolored after along time or heavy usage . The cost is alittle bit higher than others but the quality is good . Easy to operate and I like the messege indication .
 After playing back an out-going message the sound quality is terrible . It sounds like a bad cell phone connection . Tried opening the device and spraying the microphone with compressed air . Did n't help ... that 's why I 'm now looking for a replacement answering machine . I doubt that AT&T actually manufactures this piece of junk .
 I bought this machine , hoping it would be an impovement to a simliar digital model by Sony . I notice no difference , except that programming seems to be a bit less intuitive than my old machine . Also disappointing is the machine 's sound quality . My outgoing message rises and falls in volume , sounds muffled and is generally pretty warbled . Remote access is unreliable . I have n't come across a good digital machine yet and am beginning to wonder if it exists at all .
 This answering machine has extremely poor audio quality , both on the outgoing message and on incoming recorded messages . The quality is so poor that the content of the messages is totally lost .
 Does what it is supposed to do , but the control interface and ` button clicking ' processes to get to the programming menus are a pain ...
 I bought this full featured item based on the positive reviews I read and assumed that the negative reviews were based on a normal number of defects given the massive amount of people who have likely bought this product . Well , lucky as I am , I 'm massively disappointed to have wasted two hours of my time shopping on the internet , two hours of my time on a Saturday trying to get the product to work , and I 'm sure another hour I 'll spend to send it back.It looks great , is loaded with features . In my case there are two major problems ... one of them critical .1 -RRB- The setup is a pain . And I 'm resilient . I could get through this . But ,2 -RRB- The speaker does n't work at all . Silence . So you ca n't hear the voice commands that guide you and WORSE if you test the machine by leaving a voice mail message for yourself from your cell phone -LRB- or even WORSE if someone calls you and leaves a message -RRB- because the speaker does n't work you can only guess what the message is . WHAT fun . Please.As another reviewer said , I am appalled by the recent dive in quality of AT&T ; products over the last few years and I will never , I repeat NEVER buy an AT&T ; product again for any price . It 's just a complete waste of time to buy something this technically poor.PS . Amazon raised the price by 10 dollars after I bought this product . Terrible product , questionable product seller .
 Do not waste your money on this product ! I ahve had it only a few weeks and already it is broken . The recording is inaudible , and you can not trepeat messages before they get erased ! JUNK !!!
 I 've been using this answering machine for almost two years now . I was originally attracted to it 's multiple mailboxes and spoken-aloud caller ID feature . It delivers quite well on those two features , but is otherwise frustrating to use.All of the unit 's features are configured by pressing a single ` setup ' button , and all the options are voice menu driven . This seems very convenient , but in reality it takes a good couple of minutes to cycle through all the dozens of options available to find the one you want and then set it properly . The prompts are unclear and the settings cryptic.The absence of a back-up battery means that I lose my outgoing greeting about once a month on average . I would not recommend this unit if you have regular power outages -LRB- even a brief power ` hiccup ' will reset the unit -RRB- . Probably my biggest issue with this unit is that it does n't always work well via remote operation -LRB- when I call home using a touch tone phone -RRB- . Even when I 'm calling the machine from a quiet room using a regular -LRB- not cell -RRB- phone , I often find I need to enter my passcode at LEAST twice before it is recognized -LRB- and sometimes as many as 3 or 4 times -RRB- . Also , the other remote operation codes are very unfriendly to enter and remember.I 've had about half a dozen answering machines in my lifetime . Comparatively , I 'd say that this unit offers slightly above-average quality , but is also by far the most complex to operate .
 After having my faithful dual-cassette answering machine finally expire after more than a decade of use , I 'm thrust into the painful position of being forced to choose one of these `` digital '' models . I ca n't seem to find any models that anyone really recommmends , it seems this new generation of answering machines tends towards mediocre sound quality * and * short lifespan . But I digress , so I 'll comment on my limited experience with the AT&T 1726 , which I 've only set up tonight.First , the documentation is not even sufficient to explain fully how to record the greeting . As another reviewer mentioned , after selecting the greeting one wishes to record , you have to sit and wait about 15-20 seconds before the unit will go into a state that allows you to record . The manual does not mention this waiting period at all , it implies you can record immediately . This model has been out quite a while , plenty of time for AT&T to have updated/corrected the documentation . Thanks to reviewer T B Curtz , without the info provided in his review , I 'd still be fumbling around trying to get this unit to record the greeting . I 'm good at following instructions , and technically-minded -LRB- engineer -RRB- , so I 'm not accustomed to being baffled by a simple piece of consumer equipment.The sound quality of the recorded outgoing message is poor . It sounds as if it was recorded underwater , with uneven volume , and cuts off with a burst of static . I 've only listened to one incoming message , which sounded better than the outgoing recording , but still had a muffled , filtered quality.When replaying a message , you can skip back to the beginning of the message , but there does not appear to be a `` partial skip '' in case you want to just listen to the previous 5-10 seconds of a message . With my old tape unit , the manual rewind control was handy for this , but with the AT&T if you miss some content , you have to listen through the whole message again . This lack of a partial rewind feature may be typical for digital units , but is especially missed if the sound quality is muffled.I do n't understand why the designers of this type of equipment -LRB- not just AT&T , all answering machines -RRB- do n't focus more on sound quality . Why did my 10-year-old dual-tape unit sound better than a brand new digital unit ? And should n't there be testers who approve the documentation , to ensure that a new user following the instructions can actually operate the unit ? So , in summary , I ca n't recommend this unit , although honestly I do n't know how it compares to other digital answering machines . I believe if someone produced a sturdy analog dual-microcassete unit , in the $ 30-50 range , there would be huge demand .
 I was impressed with the compact size and fairly easy operation of the AT&T 1726 . But that was about all I was impressed with . The description of the unit emphasizes it 's sound quality . I guess it does n't say that it 's `` good '' , though . I should have know . After recording my message many times using different distances from the unit and even using remote access , I was still unable to barely recognize what the announcement says . The playback and recording quality is equally poor . After spending the money on mine and after only 1 month in service , I sold it at a garage sale for $ 2 . Believe me , the buyer got took ... . both times !
 The AT&T ; 1726 is a compact 3-mailbox answering machine . It 's sound quality is fair but a real drawback is the fact that the announcement must be recorded `` handsfree '' -LRB- you ca n't use a telephone or a handset unless you call in remotely -RRB- . It 's sensative microphone picks up the slighest rustle of paper which also makes volume levels fluctuate . The 3 mailboxes are simple one-button access to easily recover your messages . Unfortunately , they are not accessed by password , which means anyone that has access to your machine can listen to anyone else 's mailbox messages . It 's date/time stamp provides day/time announce which means if the message is saved or not listened to initially for over a week , you do n't know which `` Tuesday '' it 's referring to - this week 's or last weeks . Finally , when listening to messages , you have to listen to them over the speaker rather than a telephone handset -LRB- again , unless you call in remotely -RRB- . That means everyone in the room hears your messages as you do.Overall , it 's not a bad little machine for what it costs . I 've been in the communications industry for over 25 years and have seen hundreds of answering machines . The 1726 has some great features even for a little box , such as 40 minutes of recording time , call screening/intercept , and announce only . The remote access is not easy to use and you must carry a card with you to know all the functions necessary to retrieve your messages . But the toll saver is a plus , even though it 's on most untis that have been manufactured in the last 20 years . Number announce actually speaks the caller ID information however you must let it ring 3-4 times before it announces the info - which means your call is most likely going to the recorder before you have a chance to answer it . You can pick the call up even if it 's gone to the recorder , but many callers hang up as soon as they hear the announcement anyway so you end up calling them back . A caller ID display works much better , though would add to the cost of the unit . If you 're looking for a nice little answering machine , this is n't too bad . However do n't be sold on the `` 3-mailbox '' issue . You might as well get a standard `` one-box '' answering unit because ultimately , that 's all this one does . If I see there are 4 messages , I can go to whichever boxes they are saved in and retrieve them . Why not simplify and just go to one box anyway ? For the price it 's okay . But I think I 'll stay with my older Panasonic tape unit . The Panasonic sound quality is better and it 's less hassle than this AT&T ; unit even though the Panasonic does n't have the date/time stamp . I hope the 1726 sells well at the next garage sale ...
 This answering machine has poor quality of speech reproduction and apparently no way to play back messages when trying to retrieve missed information . The brochure says , `` For Customer Service or Product Information , Visit our Website at www.telephones.att.com . '' ; however , this website is concerned ONLY with telephone calling services and denies any connection with electronic products . They refer to their Ask Allie service -LRB- att.com/allie -RRB- which , again , is exclusively related to telephone calling . I had no choice but to give it 1 star ; it does n't deserve even 1 .
 If you are looking for a quality answering machine , click that `` Next '' button , because this is n't the one you want . If you order it , save the box . . you 'll be needing it.The positives : a -RRB- Cheap.b -RRB- Small footprint.The negatives : a -RRB- Cheap . . very cheaply made in Communist Chinab -RRB- Controls not well thought out ... very small and difficult to read . On/Off button right in the middle of the display . Other features difficult to find.c -RRB- Instructions are horrible . I 'm a techno-geek , but I could n't figure out how to setup the personal greetings ... no matter how carefully followed the lousy directions -LRB- translated from Mandarin , perhaps ? -RRB- I could n't get the machine to record my greeting.Keep looking ... this one is n't worth the aggravation you 'll endure with it .
 The AT&T 1726 Digital Answering System is hard to use with misleading features . Yes it has 3 Mailboxes , but they ca n't have messages . I work in the tech industry & still found it almost impossible to program . I returned it the next day .
 First , I bought this unit as an accessory to a Uniden 2 line digital cordless phone , therefore , I made the mistake in assuming the answering machine would work for both lines . It does not . If anyone is buying this to go with a 2 line phone , save yourself the trouble . Amazon should not list this product with 2 line phones.Another flaw is that you can not have each mailbox have a different message . For example , if you need to use 2 mailboxes for totally separate purposes , you have to record the same message that will apply for both mailboxes , which means people calling in will have to waste time listening to information that does not apply to them .
 I had a terrible time with this machine , it was too complicated and it was too confusing to set up . Plus , I called customer service three seperate times and they were less than helpful , they did n't know what the problem was and they could n't troubleshoot it . I eventually got so frustrated that I returned it . I have n't been impressed lately with what AT&T has been producing , because our phone is n't that great either and it 's from them as well . This machine , with all of its features , seems like it would work well , but I found it to be daunting and a waste of my precious work time figuring it out , only for it to not work in the end . Do n't buy this unless you have an excess amount of money and a surplus of time on your hands to waste !
 how on earth does one set the message for this thing ?
 I 'm an able bodied guy in my 20 's , this product is very difficult to use , one needs 3 hands ! The ` Cable Zipper ' is made of too rigid plastic for fingers and breaks fingernails and the ` Zip Clip ' is too weak -LRB- thin plastic and pathetic action -RRB- to slide along even my thin flimsy cables that I wanted to ` tidy ' . The worst item I 've ever bought on Amazon !
 You need more than just two hands for this . . Very complicated properly good for he man type. , I am petite senior could barely keep the guide in enough to open the cord organizer .
 this was useless . it was a mess of paper punch-outs and a flimsy fabric pocket system . -LRB- amazon wants me to write more , i do n't know what else to say other than this was crap . -RRB-
 The chair in the picture is not the one they send . Buyer beware . They sent a chair with no arm pads , mostly made of plastic , not steel . Does not match product description .
 I do n't ususally write reviews , but will for this . Terrible product , when you extend the drawers fully the weight of the cabinet shifts making it so that the whole thing topples over onto you . The description states `` hand painted '' but the front facia exhibits dried paint drips . The thing is essentially a badly painted wooden box .
 What a cheap refill . I ordered two of them and neither one worked well . They skipped and I had to write over alot . Save your money .
 This is the refill that Cross puts in its SelecTip pens and I have acquired a lot of them . My experience is the same with each pen , and it is not pretty.Skips . Smearing . Bleeding across the paper . A terrible experience.The Cross jumbo ballpoint refill is decent . This one is not .
 Just purchased the Sharp XE A404 . The promos and even a pre-purchase call to Sharp Customer Service all misled me to believe that it could be used with our Quickbooks . We have QuickBooks Pro 2008 and the cash register can not communicate with our computer.It only works with QB 2006 and OLDER . Also , new larger storage SD cards will not work as they do n't have SMALL enough memory . It only works with a 128Mb or 512MB . The sole reason we wanted this machine was its supposed compatibility with QuickBooks . The customer service person was either mis-informed or lying . It looks nice and is quiet . The manual is poorly organized and does not detail enough information . The software for the computer interface is merely an infantile spread sheet . Forget about customized `` Logo '' interfacing/creating from your computer to the cash register . This is a stand alone unit ... and not that great . Oh . . I 've been in retail for 30 years .
 I like the size of this and the comfort it provides my wrist , but it broke the second I unpacked it.The underside of this is made of plastic , with two plastic balls that help the wrist pad move . There is a limit to how far this can travel , but the limiting plastic piece broke right away . The plastic roller balls have flat spots on them from the manufacturing process , so the rolling motion is clunky at best.The pad part is contoured and fits my wrist nicely . The size is perfect . I wish they made this in a non-moving variety .
 Recommendation
 TERRIBLE SHREDDER , THE FIRST HAD A GEAR BREAK WITH LIGHT USE . THEY USE PLASTIC TEETH THAT BREAK WHEN SHEDDING JUST 3 PAGES AT A TIME . MANUFACTURER REPLACED FIRST ONE AFTER 3 MONTHS . THE EXACT SAME THING HAPPENED WITH THE SECOND ONE ALSO . VERY POORLY DESIGNED !!!!
 This unit did an adequate job for two years until splitting one of its gears . Overheating was a constant annoyance for any but the smallest shredding jobs . Perhaps I expected too much of a low-end shredder , but even if 10 sheets is too much for it , it should protect itself better against permanent damage.I 'm now shopping for a replacement .
 What could be safer than a shredder that runs only in reverse ? What could be sneakier than hiding the last screw underneath a sticker , so you 're likely to damage the product further when attempting to pry it apart to repair it ? What could be more frugal than hideously inadequate plastic parts that give out when your bottle of rotary-blade oil is still virtually full ? The P600C is a high-water mark for planned obsolescence , and planned obsolescence is a terrific way to boost profits so long as customers ca n't remember the name of the folks who ripped them off . So putting `` Fellowes '' right on the top of the blasted thing -- yeah , not such a good idea .
 there was a leak in the bottle and the box was damaged and it ws new or supposedly new idk
 My fellowes powershredder says clearly in the instructions that you can use vegetable oil , a much cheaper alternative , to oil the shredder . Save your money !
 This item is in a container that is is not at all user friendly . There are no instructions on how to open it . One has to cut the plastic spout with a scissors after removing the seal .
 Shame on Fellowes ! I thought the shredder oil was some exotic special blend ? I bought the model W11C Powershred . On page 3 of the user manual in the section called maintenance there is a caution logo
 I bought a Fellows shredder a few years back and have returned to buy another . The reason is because of the Fellows oil . The shredder was great but the oil gums up over time eventually ruining the unit . It will take 5 or 6 years but the oil will kill the shredder for sure ! So I intend , with the new shredder , to obtain some non-gumming lube at the hardware store . Not going to make the same mistake . No star !
 While this product does the job you can save yourself some money and buy vegetable oil at the market . This is why I give it only 2 stars .
 There was at least one reviewer who had indicated the price of this lubricant was reasonable . I am not sure he calculated its cost which is roughly $ 87.00 per gallon . At that price it may be cheaper to never lubricate your shredder and just replace it when it wears out . I am not advocating that you should not lubricate your shredder , but just plain motor oil will be nearly as good and a lot cheaper considering that you can lubricate many items in your home by using an inexpensive oil can filled with inexpensive motor oil . Some may want to use a light grade in one can and a heavier grade in another , but you can save yourself a lot of money over the years by not buying `` special purpose '' lubricants when they are not really needed . Of course you would want to use higher priced synthetic oils like Mobil One in your Ferarri or Mercedes that is required for their warranty , but even that standard for high performance engines is still more than 10 times cheaper than this `` Shredder Oil '' . Decisions on the use of certain types of oil are not going to make or break you , I am just suggesting putting such small decisions into perspective . Its similar to the example of the guy who buys a new car every two years and trades his old one in , but he will change his engine oil every 3,000 miles because that 's what his father told him to do . The only reason for changing the oil so often is if you are selling your car to your father who will keep it for years.In conclusion , if it makes you feel better using the `` special $ 87.00 per gallon shredder oil '' I think you should do so . But you may want to acknowledge that at least some of your decision is based upon how you feel as opposed to how you think .
 The only reason I bought this product is because of the bottle . I could not find a bottle with a long nozzle in my area . I 'll be refilling the bottle with cheap vegetable oil . I could n't even find this product in local office supply stores . The only thing I could find was a pack of ten sheets of paper impregnated with soybean oil for $ 9.99 . I left the store in a huff that somebody would even think of charging that kind of money for soybean oil . There is simply no need for it .
 I bought a small little shredder and this `` Maintenance '' oil was shown in a small pocket on the side of the shredder . Then I opened the box and found out that I had 5 lifetimes worth of oil for the shredder it was paired with .
 Hello my fellow Amazon Reviewers , I used to be the head Recycle and Facility 's person for a large tech company in SF Bay Area , about 450 Employees . I was responsible for shredding about 100 pounds of confidential paper each night , plus caring for each employees personal shredder . We found out that Fellows and all these companies where just repacking Cannola oil and marking it up 10 fold , really 10 fold . Do some research for your self and you will find dozens of articles on google that have actually tested the oils and proven this .
 Okay -- so to get me to the price I needed for free shipping , why not buy the oil to maintain my new shredder ? Well , do n't do it . Why ? Because it is vegetable oil . The user 's manual tells you to simply use veggie oil to maintain your shredder . And I think I paid almost ten bucks for this ! Do n't buy it !
 Just like many , I bought this with my office shredder and blindly used it for the last year . The shredder seems to run louder now than when I purchased it , but I did n't think it was too bad until I used the Fellowes lube oil with some gearing on a custom tool that was built for my office . I applied the oil and it worked well for a couple days . I then noticed a gummed up residue under the gearing . I had to use 3-in-1 oil to dissolve it and clean it up . I noticed the tool was not running well so I switched to another lubricant . I tested the Fellowes oil by leaving a capful of pure Fellowes lubricant in a stainless steel bowl for two days . When I returned , the whole thing was a gummy substance that was very sticky . Yes , I know that the chemical and physical behavior of a thin layer of lubricant can work differently than in bulk , but there is no way it can go to the other end of the spectrum . I 'm not buying this ever again .
 This was quite an expensive purchase . Other than the fact that it is odorless , I am wondering why I ca n't just use vegetable oil . That 's what this looks like anyhow .
 No need to purchase this . It is not worth the money . If they engineered a super oil , perhaps that would be enough .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I read this in a review and sure enough this oil is canola oil . Expensive canola oil and probably not deodorized like cooking canola oil . But it is Canola oil . This oil has gummed up my shredder and now the lever that should pop up after paper goes thru is stuck in the down position and so the shredder does not automatically turn off .
 I have a Fellows HS-400 papershredder . It was gummed up horribly by this `` oil '' . It came to a complete stop even with the .25 hp motor . Dissasembly shows the oil in a tar/crust state . Had to dissasemble , soak everything in solvent , scrub , then reassemble . Do yourself a favor , use ANY other kind of lubricant .
 I purchased this with my shredder , a Fellowes 32177 Powershred PS-77Cs . The bottle is kind of unwieldy , as the nozzle hole is quite big for oil -LRB- and it will just spill out -RRB- . The bottle is pretty big , about 8-10 inches tall so I will have this for a long time , even after using this every time the bag has been changed -LRB- recommended by Fellowes -RRB- . Since this is just pre-packaged and labeled vegetable oil I will use that in the future in an empty old-style ketchup bottle . I would recommend buying a container for vegetable oil and using that instead . Be a smart consumer and save your money !
 Amazon says other customers ordered this with the Royal 160MX , but the Royal manual says do not use petroleum-based lubricants . I 'm giving mine away . It DID arrive really quickly , though .
 I gave it 2 stars because it does not have a warning label.I had purchased this at another store and when I first used it I cut too much off the nozzle and spilled some on a trash bag . My cat started licking at it and had to take her to the vet because the bottle does not have any warning stickers . It turns out that the product is mostly vegetable oil and the worse that I would have to watch for is diarrhea in my cat.The product works really well but it is a danger to pets because of the oil 's sweet scent . I 'm only buying it again because it works great , is the same price as they other store , and because I now have my shredder protected from my cat . I strongly advise anyone who uses this product to keep their shredder covered if they have pets or something that may be attracted to the oil . Especially if it has an automatic turn on to protect your pet if they put their tongue in your shredder.Update ** I was really upset when I tried writing this review . A better explanation is in my response to a user 's comment .
 I didnt buy this , the office manger did ... or soon to be fired office manager , she is annoying anyway . We have 10 different types of lubricants in the warehouse and even at home that would have sufficed . I have used 3 in 1 oil or Houdini lock and mechanism cleaner for years . I have used both depends which one I can find first . Used on the same shredder for 8 years and it all worked fine until missy know it all ordered this crap . I guess people that justify this price dont mind $ 4 gas either .
 Can not rate the oil , I have not recieved the shedder , that I ordered on 1/30/11 , it is intended for .
 I bought this because i really love the features that it offers . The caller id works just fine , so does the radio and the alarm.But during phone conversation i would hear a really annoying and piercing beep coming from the phone , as if someone is pressing the knobs whilst i was on it . also , the ring tone is lame , and the snooze button does not snooze to the time u set it ... if u set to snooze for 10 mins , it snoozes for 15 mns.Man , the radio is the best thing on it .
 Neat concept , however the phone is very cheaply made . Additionally , the clock is not lit therefore it is impossible to tell the time in the dark unless you turn on a light .
 I was warned on some of the previous reviews that the light from the LED display was too bright . But I figured I could figure out a way to dim it . No way could it be dimmed , even the dim switch was n't even near enough . In the dark when your eyes are accustomed to the dark the display lights up the whole room even with it covered , -LRB- DUH ! -RRB- . Another item I did n't like was that when you were about to hang up the phone and the phone was just above the base , the speaker squealed from feed back.Very poorly designed and was it ever tested ?
 I ordered this alarm clock/radio/phone for my bedside table . I returned it because it did not have a lighted dial . I did not want to have to turn on the bedside light during the night in order to be able to see the time .
 The unit only deserves one star if you 're purchasing it for the alarm clock , because there is no battery backup . If you have a power outage , you 'll have to reset the clock and alarm . Needless to say , you ca n't count on the alarm to wake you if you have a power outage in the middle of the night . Bad design , imo .
 product had to short of cord for using phone , time of day was not lighted and the quality of sound from the radio was poor .
 Well mine has a battery backup . Am not sure why the other persons did n't . But I did n't like this clock because it has not back lighting you ca n't see the clock in the dark at all . It seems silly to have an alarm clock that has no light .
 Worked for about a week or so.Returned it , got another , and it worked for about a month.Save your money and do n't waste your time on this !
 This is a piece of junk that does n't work . The display is NOT lit in any way . The alarm `` feature '' is hard to set and the caller ID is worthless if you ca n't read it . I returned this immediately for a refund ! Do n't waste the time or the shipping to check it out .
 I was very dissapointed with the Colby CT-P650 phone alarm clock . The digital face does not light up so you can not see what time it is in the middle of the night . Once you set the alarm it will automaticaly reset itself for the same time the following day which causes problems if you do not want the alarm set for the next day . After a week of frustration I stopped useing it . It is now in the dresser drawer . Anybody want it ?
 The LCD does NOT light up how can you see the alarm clock at night or in the early morning . I did not like the product becasue of that reason .
 Purchased this item base on others reviews ... Big mistake . . it 's a piece of junk .
 thought the phone looked very cool . liked the price too ! but when i opened the box ... it was missing the spot to attach the phone line . so the other reviewer did not get the only bad apple .
 but the phone I received had nowhere to plug in the handset.There was just one jack on the bottom of the base where you plug the phone into the phone jack.Did I get the one bad apple in the barrel ?
 I am not a pro artist by any means ... but these pencils suck . The majority of them were unusable because the leads broke after every sharpening . I 'll never buy a product made by this manufacturer again .
 i started using them liked them at first then i went to sharpen and they broke and cracked these are crap
 Last year I purchased Prismacolor pencils , -LRB- Col-Erase -RRB- They were great-leads never broke ! My kids used them all year to color maps and pictures and they hardly wore out . We decided to get a bigger set so we tried these . My first red flag was that not all of the colors listed were in the set . The pencil logos were all different and the color numbers did not match at all . We even had duplicates -LRB- who needs 2 white colored pencils ? Then we started using the sharpener -LRB- a Prismacolor scholar sharpener -RRB- and so many leads would break . Several pencils are completely used up because of the lead breaking off so much . I am very disappointed in this set .
 I think having 2 whites is ridiculous that makes 34 pencils . white is not a color . The colors are not even and NOT blendable . I did not know this and now they are used . I will go to the local art store in the future
 The title of this product is `` BAU65709 - Breakaway Lanyard , With U Clip , 34 , 24/BX , Black '' . The ad states there are 24 in a box so I believed I was ordering 1 box . It was an excellent price for 24 so I ordered to see the quality of the lanyard . Imagine my surprise when I receive ONE lanyard -- which at 2.59 earh is about 2.5 times the going price for lanyards . I went back and checked the technical details and it does say `` Sold as 1 each '' . So why label it as 24/box and not sell it or price it that way . All other products I have bought from Amazaon when labeled this way are a unit price for the quantity stated -LRB- in this case , 24 -RRB- . Not worth returning one item for a couple of dollars but BUYER BEWARE .
 The reel broke on my first use . I put my ID card on it , pulled it out to make sure it worked , and then it would n't retract . It eventually retracted , but then it would n't reel out again . Completely useless and a huge waste of time and money .
 You might expect that based on looking at this product , it should last at least a year with normal use . Not the case . I had a package of 6 of these things and they all wore out after 2-3 months of use . The only positive is that it worked fine right up until it did n't . If you do buy , buy in bulk cause otherwise you 'll be right back here in 3 months .
 I bought 4 of these They looked solid at first but after a few uses with my badge they got stuck all 4 broke the first day . I contacted the seller they responded fast with very friendly email they offered to look at them and if they consider they were a bad batch they would refund my money . . I have not returned them yet -LRB- no time -RRB- but i would not buy again
 Had this item for 2 days before the reel stopped working . Put the thing in my drawer at work and tried to fix it a few days later and the whole thing fell apart . Would not recommend this product to anyone !
 ID clip keeps falling off and my ID tag separates from the latch . Not a great product . Look elsewhere . Waste of money
 Despite the metal and nylon construction this holder broke days after I received it . The nylon cord became wrapped around the internal workings . When I opened it to clear the jam the delicate internal metal strip uncoiled and became unusable .
 I bought this retractable badge holder two months ago . It worked fine for a few weeks and then broke . It no longer retracts . I would expect for this to work for longer than less than two months !
 The reel itself works great . It is a little larger than I though it would be . Also the clip on the back of the reel is too tight to allow it to fit over my belt without damaging the belt . It was super cheep so I gave it to my nephew as a toy and ordered a smaller clip that fits my belt .
 I had this reel for about a month . During that time , the string in the reel wheel would always jam . After about a month , it jammed up so badly that it no longer reeled back into the wheel . When I tried to fix it , the string just straight up broke . I will never buy this product again . You better off getting a cheaper wheel from your local hardware store or section . I went to Walmart and got one with a chain , instead of string , and it cost $ 4 instead of the $ 6 or so this piece of junk cost from this seller .
 I was so tired of the free plastic card reels that I get at the hospital breaking that I decided to actually buy something made out of metal . Terrible idea , the mechanism that winds the id card back into the reel broke within a month . Save yourself the trouble and just use the free ones - not worth the money .
 When I first started using it , it was quite nice and worked well . After 30 or so days of use holding nothing but a couple of ID cards it suddenly failed to retract anymore . Nothing I could do would fix it , ended up having to throw it away .
 I have only had this item for about a month and the spring is getting jammed on the return . I understand the product has very good reveiws and in all probablity I received a lemon . I wrote the company a polite inquiry and explained my problem . I would expect on such a inexpensive item they would just replace it but instead they replied `` Good Morning , the cost of returning the item would not be economical . You would be better advised to purchase either the wire cable reel or the chain-link reel . We sell literally over 10 000 of the reel you have per month , without any issue `` If they are selling 10,000 a month then helping one customer with a bad product should n't be a big deal.Oh well ...
 I bought 3 of these since I tend to go through badge reels quickly . The reel is fine , but the snap is too loose . My ID has fallen off repeatedly on all three units when the badge became unsnapped . It seems I sacrificed a good snap for a good reel.Having spent $ 25 to replace my ID card , this was a very expensive mistake for me .
 This reel is large and obviously made of steel , which makes you think that it is high quality and very durable . This reel worked for me for almost 3 weeks until the reel got stuck with about 6 inches extended . After jerking on it and stuff , I eventually snapped the cord of the reel . Woops . Well , I decided to take the reel apart to see if I could have salvaged it had I not jerked on the cord until it broke . Nope . I took it apart , and untangled the remaining cord and reassembled it . It jammed again on the very next pull . Do n't be fooled , maybe buy a smaller plastic ID reel instead .
 This device was a complete disappointment , it broke on the fist time that I pull the cord . Not recommended . Heavy duty ? , that is a lie
 These Avery photo pages are to be sold at a retail price of $ 4.96 . The seller is selling it at almost twice the retail price , ridiculous ! These are nice but honestly do not pay more than a retail price ! Rip off !
 Each page only holds THREE pictures , although in the description says it holds 6 ... I feel like I spent two times more money then I should have paid . You can only insert pictures on one side of the page . I was expecting it to hold pictures on both sides . Upset customer ...
 Ordered a black pen but got a red one ! Please specify in the product catalog if we can chose the color . I shipped it to my home for my brother and he was pretty disappointed that it was n't black -LRB- the one he wanted -RRB- .
 I second the first reviewer 's opinion . This is by far the worst quality binder I have ever owned . Try putting more than 5 piece of paper into it and it wo n't close -LRB- the sides wo n't fold flush with each other -RRB- until you manually move the papers to the center of the rings so the `` weight '' of these 5 papers does n't prevent the extremely flimsy plastic front and back from folding back in . Also , all of the tape -LRB- used to hold the binder sides together during shipping I suppose -RRB- and stickers used on it for identification refuse to come off . Really terrible product .
 I picked up two of these because they were inexpensive . I understand that you get what you pay for , but that should n't mean that the plastic should be delaminating/coming apart right out of the box . To make things worse , the sticker will not peel of cleanly , leaving a sticky residue that I hate . If there was any sense of quality control , these binders would not have been released . If I could give it no stars I would .
 Form W-2 label says 2010 ... the product has a big 2011 clearly visible through the wrapper ... I was shipped the wrong year 3 times !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This calculator does not allow me to program it for 1 YR as it comes pre-programmed for 12 YR . I tried resetting the calculator , however , I am so frustrated with it . I bought this for a corporate finance course and it has been useless . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 My husband purchased this in January of 2009 . The display no longer works . Great calculator as long as you do n't need to see the results of the calculation .
 I bought this same calculator from Amazon about two years ago and have used for appraising . I like the layout of the keys and the functionality - it 's all you need for appraisal work . About two years of using it the display began to die , one digit at a time . Now I can no longer use it and have to buy another one . Not sure I want to considering the poor quality .
 The first calculator lasted about a year . Then display went out . The second one lasted about a week and the same display problem - digits not properly displayed - hit me during a final exam . Horrible quality ! Avoid it if you can !
 The display started to malfunction after about eight months . HP needs to make it more durable .
 I 've owned an HP12C calculator for more years than I can count and I love it . I needed to purchase the 10BII because it is the calculator required for the British Columbia Real Estate Exam . Before I received my calculator , I borrowed one from a friend to begin studying . When I received my calculator , I noticed the FV key did not function properly and several of the other keys seemed to function inconsistently . I contacted HP for a replacement because I did n't want to be without the calculator . HP is supposedly sending on via Fed Ex , but in the meantime , I 've discovered that on many of the example problems I can input the exact key strokes provided in the work/study book and do n't get the correct answer . I can get the correct answer on the 12C and on my friend 's calculator , but not on the one I purchased . I 'm so frustrated and p.o. 'd at this point , I do n't want to own a 10BII at all . I 'm returning the one I purchased -LRB- and the replacement , if it ever gets here -RRB- and borrowing my friend 's calculator for the test . Then it 's back to my 12C . Shame on HP for producing a calculator of such inferior quality .
 The keys do n't respond well , thus when you hit the button for the answer you are looking for , you wonder why it is off or simply wrong , , , because the keys do n't respond well . This calculator is a piece of junk .
 Beginning with the first HP 11C that I bought 25 years ago to the HP 100LX that I continue to cling to , I 've found that HP makes the best calculators . So , when a class I 'm taking permitted only the HP 10BII or the TI BAII Plus , I immediately went for the HP.First off , there 's no RPN . I read in other reviews that it is selectable with the 10BII , but after reading the entire manual , I can say that it is regular input only -LRB- after all , it has no Enter key -RRB- . Beyond the lack of RPN , -LRB- which I suppose I could get used to -RRB- I was not particularly impressed with the available functions , so I started looking at the BAII Plus Pro.In the end , I ordered one of them too , and did a side-by-side comparison . After reading both manuals and running through the practice exercises , it is n't much of a comparison.First , the physical characteristics . The HP is a bit thinner , lighter , and narrower , though still feels solid . The screens are equally good -LRB- though the HP does allow you to adjust the contrast -RRB- . The HP looks like a calculator while the TI looks more like a remote control , but I suppose that is a matter of taste.The reviews for the non-pro BAII Plus mention mushy keys and missed keystrokes . I ca n't speak to that , but that has certainly been fixed on the Pro . The keys have a very solid click to them -LRB- kind of like an HP -RRB- . There are four more keys on the TI than on the HP , and the HP keys are larger and further apart , so that may be of benefit to some -LRB- though the TI does sport a jumbo-size `` equals '' key , which is helpful -RRB- . In the features contest , the TI simply does handsprings around the HP . The HP offers TVM , Cash Flow , Amortization , IRR , Markup , interest rate conversions and several statistical functions.However , the TI includes all of those plus adds in Bond calculations , Depreciation , Breakeven , Date calculations , and Profit Margin . It so happens that we 're covering Bonds and Depreciation in the course I 'm taking , so the HP is of much less utility.The TI uses prompted worksheets for its functions and has arrow keys to scroll through the inputs . No such feature on the HP . For example , in a situation where you want to go back and review a series of cash flows you 've entered , the HP requires a lot of keystrokes . Pressing RCL + CFj + Number will show you a single flow . To see the frequency , you then have to press RCL + Shift + Nj . Each flow has to be accessed individually with this series of keystrokes . You can change the amount of the flow or the frequency , but if you need to delete or insert a flow , you have to clear all entries and start over.On the TI , you press CF and you are instantly in the cash flow worksheet and you can scroll through the entries with the arrow keys . The flow will be shown first , followed by the frequency and there is a label telling you what you 're looking at . The values can be updated as you go and flows can be inserted or deleted as needed.That is how it is with all the worksheets . If you need to review your inputs , it is much easier on the TI . That goes for the memory locations too . The calculators have the same number of locations and both have direct access via STO and RCL keys , but the TI also allows you to scroll through them in a list and do independent calculations with each . The TI also has a `` last result '' key which is handy.On the speed front , I found the HP and TI to be pretty much neck-and-neck but a very narrow victory goes to the HP when doing IRR problems.A few odds and ends
 I bought this calculator based on HP 's strong reputation for quality financial calculators . What a mistake ! The first one lasted two months before the display malfunctioned . One month plus later ... the replacement they sent under warranty was slightly better -- it lasted three months before the same display malfunction . The third -LRB- again a replacement received under warranty -RRB- worked fine under regular use for two months , then sat unused for three months , and then malfunctioned . Because I have now received 1 year of calculator service -LRB- HP 's calculation based on the date I purchased the first calculator -RRB- , the warranty has now expired and HP will not replace the defective calculator . Buy an abacus , it 's certain to be more useful !
 I purchased the HP10BII calculator for my wife in May 2003 , thinking that she would enjoy the same HP quality I have enjoyed for years with my calculators . I read the Amazon reviews , but did not want to believe the reports of low quality that others had submitted -- naively I thought that HP might have corrected the problem by now . Mistake ! My wife used the calculator for less than TWO DAYS before the display stopped working -- first a partial failure and then a total failure of the display . She 's using the TI BAII Plus now , with no issues to date . Why take a chance ? I recommend that you save yourself the disappointment and time and select something other than this calculator .
 Flimsy , cheap feeling plastic junk . Started displaying random characters after about 2 years with very infrequent home use.Called HP and they said , `` Did you try changing the batteries '' ? I said , `` Yup '' . They said , `` Throw it away and buy a new one '' . I do n't think so .
 Like the other models of HP , the 35s and 300s , this one too suffers from missed keystrokes.I like the look of this calculator , and if you are slow , and deliberate with your keystroke entry , you can get results . However , when you first turn it on and start to press the keys with any speed the calculator seems to hic-cup and does not record your entries.The HP 35s exhibits this behavior also . The last great non-graphing scientific calculator produced by HP was the HP 32sII . HP has gone downhill in calculator manufacturing . Too Bad .
 Just as 1 year warranty expired display went garbled . From day one , casing felt flimsy - while pressing keys , case would rattle like interior of a mid-80 's mustang . Not sure if rattle would have been reason for warranty replacement , but i 'm sure that cheap assembly was it 's ultimate demise.Although calculator was feature rich and came with great manual , thats about all that can be said for it .
 I purchased this calculator about half a year ago . After a month the keys start sticking and you have to press harder to input the values . After 4 month the LCD started to malfunction . Will never buy an HP calculator again - even cheaper no name calculators are sturdier .
 I bought this caluclator about one year ago . At first it worked nicely . A few days ago I went to use it and the screen was not working correcly . Characters would not show up and basically it became instantly useless.I would not recommend this product or buy another HP calculator . For a calculator not to work correctly in such a short period of time is in my opinion poor quality and HP 's disregard for quality.By the way , this calculator was never abused in any way . It sat in a desk with the cover on . Definitely look elsewhere .
 Worked fine for two years , then the LEDs started to burn out . Not it 's useless .
 I 've had the old version of the 10B since college -- over 12 years , and it 's just now wearing out . I purchased the 10BII a few days ago and it simply is not the same product as the old 10B . It is lighter , but it feels cheaper and not as sturdy as the old version . More importantly , 3 out of the 10 digit keys do n't work unless mashed with your fingers . I 'm very disappointed with this product and will be returning it for a refund . I happened to mention this to another co-worker , who it turns out has an unused `` old '' 10B -- I gladly took it off her hands and expect that I 'll be able to use it for another 12 years . Save your money and get the 12C or 17B !
 This was my first HP financial calculator which I bought after owning TI calculators for years . I bought it on reputation and it worked well until it died . It did n't even outlast the batteries . I think I 'll go back to TI . They seem a lot more rugged .
 I bought this calculator a few years ago for a finance class , and it was easy to use and performed well . I am now taking some other classes that require present value calculations , so I dusted off the calculator . It worked for about a week before the display started malfunctioning . I bought new batteries as other people did , but that is not the problem . I also reset it in the various ways described in the manual , but the display was still malfunctioning . It is very disappointing since the calculator was not actually used that much .
 I bought this heap the first time in 2002 and by March 2004 the display no longer worked properly . I called HP and they said they were aware of such a problem and sent me a new one although I was outside the 1 year warranty . March of 2006 the second one 's display no longer works properly . When I called HP and asked about replacing they said `` you are outside the warranty . '' I asked if they new about the problem they apparently have . The goof I talked to said `` he was not aware . '' I asked why it is that this one is a heap but the HP12c lasts forever . His reply was it is a $ 30 calculator.I have a TI regular caclulator that was $ 5 20 years ago that still works . I am moving on to TI . I will never buy an HP anything for the simple fact that they either know of the problem and do not correct it or they are to dumb to notice that there is a problem . Either way I am not dealing with their inferior products again .
 It arrived quickly and I had to purchase the fin calculator for my class but this thing kept showing the wrong numbers . My professor doesnt know how to use this model . I tried to restart but does n't really make any difference . Had to purchase another simpler version of TI .
 I have always had good luck ordering through Amazon . I cant believe this vendor has not shipped my item when I ordered it 3 days ago and it is stock!Rich Danhauer
 This calculator is inexpensive and easy to operate , but beyond that it 's a piece of junk . I know , I 've had three over the last five years . The first one had a key that did n't work . The display on the second one faded away after about a year . I tossed the third one because I had to lean on the keys to get them to operate . The 12c is more expensive and a little harder to operate but far less frustrating .
 This calculator arrived with very little battery life & was n't an up to date as those in the store but cost more than the new ones in the store after paying shipping . I asked for a refund but te seller denied .
 I was a user of the old 10BII for around 10 years . My old calculator broke down and i purchased the new version . The problem with the new veriosn was that the keys were very hard to press . I had a cramp in my fingers after 30 min of work . I asked for a replacement but the new one had the same issue . I guess it is the way the calculator is build . It is also difficult with HP to find out who can replace me the calculator with another model , that i stopped trying.I would not recommend this HP calculator . Instead i purchased TI BAII + after a friend 's recommendation and i am very satisfied .
 I ordered the financial/business calculator , but received the 10b II financial calculator . The item code -LRB- F1902A # ABA -RRB- for the business one is the same as the financial calculator . I was charged the higher priced business calculator , but received the lower priced financial calculator .
 I rarely give bad reviews , please check out my others for verification . This one is different because HP has scrimped on quality to save a buck and ruined a great product . I 've owned
 The display became corrupted and illegible after very little use . Of course this happened outside of warranty . I would n't recommend this calculator .
 The buttons , especially the + button works only if you press it firmly with a pause and slow . So if you like to work fast with your fingers , then forget about this piece of technological failure . It is so frustrating to have to restart your long computation half way because the buttons malfunction . I threw this piece of junk out of the window .
 I bought this calculator because I wanted a 12 digit display , comma separators for multiples of a thousand , and some standard financial functions , all in a form small enough to slip in a jacket pocket . I did n't find any other brand offering a calculator with these features and I thought that HP had a good reputation.I was very dissappointed . The keys required a lot of pressure to work and I often had to redo calculations because I had keyed too fast and one or more keys had n't registered.Then after a year the screen stopped working properly . I was actually pleased about this because it meant that I could replace the calculator without feeling guilty!I 'm afraid I would not recommend it to anyone .
 For quite a while I used the HP 10B which was a fine machine - and then I misplaced it . I bought the 10B-II to replace it and found that it is really not at all the same machine . There are at least two ways in which the 10B-II is so bad as to be properly described as junk.First , the movement of the keys is very poor ... If you do n't press a key with just the right pressure it will either not register or will register twice . This makes the calculator very hard to use because you have to go very slowly or you will make an error -LRB- and not know that you did -RRB- . Second , the positions of some of the keys have been moved ; it is now very easy to erase all the memories accidentially . The `` clear entry '' and the `` clear all memories '' are the same button and if one happens to touch the shift key first all the stored information will be erased ! If you spend some time doing a project -LRB- or filling out your tax return -RRB- you probably will accidentally erase all the numbers you have stored and find it necessary to begin again.I may add that the 10B-II shares one error with its fine predecessor
 Bought 3 of them , for me and 2 colleagues . Right out of the package , some keys -LRB- Calculator 1 -RRB- just did not work . After 1 month , the screen died -LRB- calculator 2 -RRB- . Same for the third after four months . Having been used to a HP 20s for about 15 years now -LRB- it still works fine , 2nd set of batteries , no malfunctions , keys stay as new ... -RRB- , I feel cheated . IMO it 's just a piece of scrap . A very bad stain on the reputation of HP . Made in China . This keeps me off buying HP again , particularly as the new 17bII + and even 49g + give the same cheap quality impression !!! Give it one star because I have to . HP should discontinue this product and give money back before others get disappointed and their reputation definitely gets ruined.A calculator , regardless of its price class , is still too expensive if it does not function!Needing a new financial calculator , I will turn to TI , for a try.Badly missing HP 's RPN , I nevertheless do not want to continue supporting a company that increases its margins at the cost of made in USA quality !
 Twelve years ago , despite my professors ' recommendations for the Texas Instruments models , I chose the HP 10B because of its heft , feel , functionality and look , among other things . It made coursework at the Big Ten business school I attended more difficult because most labs and homework were written for T.I. calculator keys . -LRB- Hence , the prof 's recommendation . -RRB- I toughed it out because I did not have a lot of money , and realized the impracticality of buying a second calculator , the one I wanted to take with me into `` Corporate America . `` My old HP 10B lasted 12 years with only several battery changes , and served me very well . Last autumn , however , my young English Setter consumed half of it , and chewed the other half to hell while I was out getting a bottle of wine for dinner . C'est la vie.I decided to give the new HP 10B II a shot , despite its light , cheap feel . I was familiar with it , an learned to trust the brand.What a disappointment . Unresponsive keys , a poor display and a voracious appetite for the new type of batteries it uses -- which are different than the previous model.The love affair is over ! I will now look elsewhere , and learn to use a different brand . `` Wholly Disappointed in Michigan `` P.s. - The new HP LaserJet color printer I just purchased is very disappointing too . Way to go Carly Fiorini !
 This is one to avoid . I bought one and the screen and keys went bad after a few months . Bought another one and that went bad after about six months -- same problems.The calculator seems very lightweight and cheaply made .
 I had this for maybe 3 years , hardly used it , never abused it , and one of the LCD digits burned out .
 I am so disappointed that HP chose to replace the old 10b with this new one . I have purchased two of these and had them both die within 6 months of purchase even though they were only used in an office and never dropped or abused . This new model is cheap , light , and doies not hold up under even minimal use . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OF THIS PIECE OF TRASH CALCULATOR . If you can find an old 10b used , I would buy that instead as we still have several in my office that we have been using with no problems for over 10 years .
 Like the reviewer before me , I too ordered the high-end model of the HP-10bII only to have the regular one shipped instead , and was still charged the higher price . * EDIT * ~ I 'd like to post an update to this review . Upon reading my complaint , the seller -LRB- Unbeatable Sale Inc. -RRB- quickly and promptly went to great pains to address my gripes and resolved things very quickly . Unlike most of them out there , this seller genuinely cares ... I know ; it was a surprise to me too ! So consider this a withdrawal of my low 2-star rating -LRB- the edit-feature wo n't let me change the actual star-rating above -RRB- based on my experience with Unbeatable because they impressed me with their proactive customer service in this matter . They get 4-1/2 stars from me , -LRB- +1 / 2 star for taking care of things like a good company should , and +4 stars for actually giving a damn -RRB- . The calculator itself that I did receive works just fine . It 's fairly intuitive to use and crunches the numbers pretty quickly , unlike some other low-price financial calculators I 've seen before . The HP 10bII easily gets 5 stars on its merits alone . Even so , my advice to you , should you opt to buy this calculator here , is to write a reminder of which model you 're ordering in one of the comment boxes .
 Keys are stiff and sometimes you have to hold the keys down very firmly to make sure the operations take place . As a result it was giving me bad results even when I had definitely pressed the key all the way down . The original HP10B I previously owned was a much better quality and the keys let you do operations smoothly . I guess this HP10bII will function for me if I remember to very firmly hold down each key when I press it .
 I tried to use it . It worked good initially and after few days battery was dead . And after that could not use it anymore in between semester . Had to buy new one from the bookstore at school . They just wasted my money . Wish I could get refund , though never cared to contact the seller . Do n't suggest to buy from them as product quality is very poor .
 The HP12c seems much more widely used in financial planning . The 10bII should be retired permanently . Rounding errors between the two are a problem , so I always go with the HP12c .
 I enjoyed this calculator , but I use the 10B a older version . It is just easier to me .
 I would give negative stars to this product if possible . I set out to replace my old reliable HP 10B that I used in college in the early 90 's and found this newer version to be cheaply made . As soon as I got the calculator out of the pacakge and held it in my hands it felt like a piece of junk . Trying out some functions on it did nothing to change my mind - I have returned it and will be replacing it with a Texas Instruments product .
 I have owned this calculator for 3 months and the dispay is no longer working properly . Parts of the numbers have `` burned out '' so only parts of the numbers show now . At first I thought it was the batteries . SO I bought replacements and that was NOT the problem . It is now completely useless . At $ 30 , this calc is 10x 's more than what a basic calc costs , so that is no excuse for such a poor quality product . PLEASE read the reviews - they all say the SAME thing . I was a fool for buying this . I hope this will help you .
 I found out that the calculator produces wrong Interest Rate Payment calculation results . There must be a bug in the calculator 's formula chip . The calculated results would n't even match the ones in the manual that came with the calculator.I would stir clear of this model and go for a different model .
 Long after warranty expiration , the display malfunctions . Thought it was battery issue . Replaced with fresh batteries . No difference . Still broken . Ended up getting a TI .
 Just like a few other reviewers commented , my display does not work right -LRB- only parts of numbers display -RRB- after about 2 years of very light occasional use . HP used to make good calculators 20 years ago - no more !
 As others have commented , this calculator is nothing but cheap junk . Fresh out of package many of the keys on mine * barely * work . They click , but do n't actually register -- only after pressing them really hard do they take my input . I used to love HP calculators -LRB- I 've owned the beautiful 28S since the early 90s -RRB- , but after seeing the quality of this I think I 've just bought my last from them . It 's really a shame that HP has let their quality slip this much ...
 Typical Chinese clumsiness and low quality . The on off button is too easily bumped to on , and the little sack they call a case is so tight it activates the on button.I can not carry it in my pocket or briefcase without turning it on and depleting the batteries , so it sits in or on my desk . I leave it out , and no one will even steal it . Both of the two I have had were intermittent . The first one had the display die , but it was replaced under warranty . Wish they had given me a TI BA II + instead . Wish I had bought one instead.The third one just had the display fail . All the characters are not complete.What a tragedy that a fine company like HP used to be is now peddling such junk .
 I thought I was the only having problems with the keys . Appearantly not . Even though I firmly pressed on the keys , the calculator did n't detect it numerous times which makes me nervous every time I use it . It 's annoying to have to keep looking at my paper , the keys , and the display .
 I was surprised at the defective product i got.The display was not working at all.I had to return it !
 My original HP 10B , bought in 1989 , is a dream to use . I bought the 10Bll thinking it would be an upgrade . Unfortunately , it is a downgrade . My biggest complaint is the input key . It is the same size as all of the other keys and is placed in a non-intuitive spot on the keyboard . As far as functionality , it is probably on par with the 10B . The keys on the 10Bll are larger than the original , which is nice and it is a nice looking calculator . . .
 I bought this because it was the recommended calculator for a financial course I am taking . I barely used it and now the off key will not shut off . Great . I have only had it for 2 weeks and now I will have to buy new batteries . I would return it but alreay tossed the packaging . I just did n't anticipate this problem because of the fairly good reviews on this . What a waste of money !
 Hole drilled in the wrong place . Pegs on draweres too big . Stripped hole . Glides on desk require additional support for drawer to close properly . Poor quality paint - chips easily . After about 5 + hours of work and a trip to a hardware store I 'm still attempting to complete it . I do not recommend this desk .
 We ordered this desk a couple of weeks ago . It arrived on 9/7/10 . Open the 2 large boxes and took out all the packing and pieces , but there was no hardware . I called the customer service desk that evening and the lady was very helpful . She said we 'd hear from the parts dept within 24-48 hours . She also * promised * rush delivery of the missing parts and overnight shipping . I waited 2 days and never heard from anyone , so I called them back . The new person I spoke with said the order had been entered with `` rush '' delivery , but it had n't shipped yet . She again * promised * me that the missing parts would ship overnight . I did not hear anything from them again yesterday , but this morning I received a shipment confirmation that the missing parts had been shipped and would arrive on the 15th . They apparently forgot that they had promised me overnight shipping on multiple occasions . I will not order anything from this company in the future . Save your money and time and buy from someone else .
 With an Epson R2400 and Ultra Chrome K3 ink , I made twelve B&W prints of a family portrait on Ilford Smooth Pearl . I visited one of the family members this summer who had one of the prints on display . The inks are bleeding after less than four years ! I 'm having to re-do all twelve prints , which were museum matted and framed . I will never again trust ink-jet for photos that are supposed to last .
 I bought this paper because it said it was compatible with HP inkjet printers . IT 'S NOT ! The black ink never dries to the paper and smears everywhere . I emailed the company about this problem and this is the response I got : `` We believe to know the reason although we do n't own a 1610 printer to prove.Your printer has dye based Vivera inks for Cyan , Magenta and Yellow and pigmented ink for Black . Our inkjet media you have is still the previous version of the Smooth Pearl Product which did n't perform well with the Vivera pigmented inks -LRB- in your case the Black -RRB- . We launched this summer a new improved Smooth Pearl Paper that is now also compatible to the Vivera pigmented inks . Thus we propose that you switch to the new version IGSPP11 . `` They did n't even give me a coupon for the new paper ... I doubt it even works . WASTE OF MONEY !
 Very small in width and not very comfortable.Fellowes 90053 Geometrix Gel Wrist Rest Mouse Pad -LRB- Multi-Color -RRB-
 WARNING
 I bought this paper because it said it was compatible with HP inkjet printers . IT 'S NOT ! The black ink never dries to the paper and smears everywhere . I emailed the company about this problem and this is the response I got : `` We believe to know the reason although we do n't own a 1610 printer to prove.Your printer has dye based Vivera inks for Cyan , Magenta and Yellow and pigmented ink for Black . Our inkjet media you have is still the previous version of the Smooth Pearl Product which did n't perform well with the Vivera pigmented inks -LRB- in your case the Black -RRB- . We launched this summer a new improved Smooth Pearl Paper that is now also compatible to the Vivera pigmented inks . Thus we propose that you switch to the new version IGSPP11 . `` They did n't even give me a coupon for the new paper ... I doubt it even works . WASTE OF MONEY !
 I bought this paper because it said it was compatible with HP inkjet printers . IT 'S NOT ! The black ink never dries to the paper and smears everywhere . I emailed the company about this problem and this is the response I got : `` We believe to know the reason although we do n't own a 1610 printer to prove.Your printer has dye based Vivera inks for Cyan , Magenta and Yellow and pigmented ink for Black . Our inkjet media you have is still the previous version of the Smooth Pearl Product which did n't perform well with the Vivera pigmented inks -LRB- in your case the Black -RRB- . We launched this summer a new improved Smooth Pearl Paper that is now also compatible to the Vivera pigmented inks . Thus we propose that you switch to the new version IGSPP11 . `` They did n't even give me a coupon for the new paper ... I doubt it even works . WASTE OF MONEY !
 The speakerphone on this phone is inferior to what I needed , very low volumn and not so clear.Everything else looks fine .
 2/20/2011 -- The first 480e phone set that was delivered to me broke the morning after I had plugged it in . While I could speak and listen via the phone 's speakerphone , once I lifted the handset to talk there was nothing -- completely dead . When I tried to initiate a call using the handset , same thing -- no dial tone , no nothing . I RMA 'd it and received a replacement , and the following day that phone too broke . The 480e is a piece of junk . Aastra would n't even pick up the phone when I called , and refused to answer my emails . AVOID AT ALL COSTS .
 Overall I found this useful ; the voice feature , while mechanical sounding , shows where to put stress on syllables and demonstrates the sounds produced from combining different vowels . Thanks to that I am speaking and understanding spanish better . Also it has a huge dictionary , so the majority of the words that I look up are available . Also it has a slang option you can turn on or off if this is for your kids . You can take it with you anywhere . It takes double A batteries , and can be plugged in as well.All in all though this was not worth the price!first it ca n't handle verbs unless they 're in un-conjugated form , eg . estar , comprar ... not surprising but for the price it would have been nice if it could . Second a lot of the dictionary 's definitions come out with so many different definitions that it is difficult to say what the word actually means ; and it is often not the first definition that the machine gives you so you need to try out the individual definitions in spanish and see if the english result matches up with what you meant . The buttons stick , which slows it down . And while it has a grammar section , it only explains the rules of english , and is written in spanish . If your set on this model go to the ectaco website , you can get more info on it there.I might add that you can find better resources for anything this machine does online for FREE . It was still handy to me , but c'mon !
 It 's just a sticky transparent paper . You have to cut the edge by yourself ... which there is no round edge as what shown on the box .
 After a few months of light use , the screws fell out , jamming the sliding track . Had to completely disassemble and reassemble product . Would recommend using Locktite when putting this together . This unit is a little flimsy , bends easily when using the mouse , causing a flex that probably caused the screws to loosen .
 It is not well perforated and it does not print well . It may be cheap , but I got what I paid for ...
 Too thin paper so it 's hard to believe it 's supposed to use as business card . I do not recommend to use as business card.So disappointed .
 Word does not have a template for this item and the company sent some strange . ext which could n't be opened . What a waste of money .
 I had some Avery business cards left over and was able to compare side by side . This a clearly an inferior product . Ca n't tear the perforations and get a clean edge . When comparing apples to apples , these are rotten . The paper is crummy quality too , it 's mealy and lacks crispness.The white is a nice clean white though
 I bought this product because I liked the reviews and I like the price . The cards went through the printer fine , but I was disappointed by the quality of the finished product . I print cards using photos that my wife and I have taken . We have used Avery 's 1/2 fold matt finish stock in the past , but we were looking to save a little money and bought this card stock . We printed two cards , one on Printworks and one on Avery 's 1/2 fold matt finish paper , using the same program , same picture , and the same printer . The difference was very evident . The Printworks was flat , lacked the contrast , the vibrant color , and the color accuracy of the Avery card . If you are looking for cardstock to make photo cards out of I would recommend trying Avery or Hallmark instead of this product .
 I wanted to stick my photos on these to make fold-over note cards . Unfortunately the paper is quite thin/light , maybe lighter than an index card . Not heavy card stock , more like heavy typing paper .
 This is the lightest weight card stock I have ever used . It is so wimpy that I wo n't ever buy this brand again .
 I am disappointed in the quality of the paper . It is too lightweight for greeting cards . It is the first time I have tried Printworks but probably wo n't buy it again for cardstock .
 I was appalled that the price was $ 15.99 ; I found it selling for just over $ 4.00 on another website , and the printworks website says the MSRP is $ 5 !
 This basically glues a plastic sheet to your shirt with your design printed on the plastic . Wearing it feels like you might imagine it would , and it does n't survive washing very well , even if you wash it by hand very gently . The directions tell you to iron it for much longer than it can handle . If you do as you 're told , you 'll burn it .
 This was my first use of the newer style T-Shirt Transfers -LRB- my old ones were 5 + years ago -RRB- . I liked the fact that they transfer WELL , almost Perfect . Color is great . What I did not like is it feels like a garbage bag stuck to the shirt , and after 2 washes started to wear .
 I was so excited about these . I did n't have to waste any trying to figure them out . They are very easy to use . The pictures turned out great . -LRB- see customer images -RRB- . Unfortunately , they do n't wash well AT ALL . The first wash , they cracked up and now they look terrible . I washed them in Dreft on cold inside out and did n't even dry them and they are now Aweful ! I really would n't recommend these . I am going to try the dark color ones since they have better reviews .
 I purchased these transfers because they had decent reviews and are cheaper than Avery transfer sheets at almsot $ 7 for 6 white sheets . Well , you get what you pay for.I make 100 's of shirts a month that I sell on another site and the quality of these does not compare to the Avery white sheets . These are hard to get to transfer perfectly . You have to be VERY careful . I have n't gotten one perfect yet and I 'm an expert at this ! I 've made 1000 's of shirts and bags ! Plus the transfer paper sticks and you have to scrap it off!Avery 's are easy to transfer . Also , their white transfers do n't feel the way these do . These do feel like the dark avery transfers . Almost like a sticker has been put onto the front of the shirt.They held up ok to washing but for what I do , I need them to transfer perfectly and me not have to waste shirts trying to achieve that.If you do n't care if the images come out perfect or not , then go with these . If you care like I do , then stick with the Avery . They may cost a little more but that 's because they are better !
 This is the first review I 've ever written for a product ever . I was prompted to do so because I think that this is worst product I 've ever purchased . I have used avery t-shirt transfers for many years , they 're not the greatest but they usually hold up to a couple months worth of washes . With this product I was pleased with the way the transfer printed and transferred and everything still would have been fine until I washed the shirt found the image disintegrated after 1 wash in cold water . My many hours of work designing , printing , and ironing are all wasted not to mention the sad look on the face of the little boy I was making the t-shirts for . I will be returning this . For the few extra bucks you save it is not worth it , you will be sorry .
 PAPER WAS NOT BRILLIANT WHEN HEATPRESSED . AVERY IS THE BESTI HAVE USED SO FAR ...
 I have made iron-on t-shirts for years with great success . Yes they do wear out fast if you use a washing machine . I only hand wash cold , inside out . I just used Printworks for the first time -LRB- they were on sale -RRB- . It printed easy , ironed-on very nicely but when I washed it for the first time and let it air dry the graphic peeled off ! I never had that happen before ! Maybe it is bad quality paper , I do n't know but wo n't buy it again .
 I was very disappointed in this product.The printing looks good , but after ONE wash it begins to crack , flake , and fade . I have used Avery product before and it did crack after several washing , but you can still see the iron-on pretty clearly . This product did n't even last two washings ... washed in cool water with the shirt turned inside out.The iron-on process does n't go smoothly either . I had to iron for SO long to get the transfer made completely , that I ended up scorching a couple of them.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I returned this product because it was fraudulently , incorrectly and , I feel , purpousely misrepresented as it was described totally wrong . It was not `` Premium '' paper . I am an ameteur photographer and digital imager and know print paper and PrintWorks makes some excellent paper and I feel they would be disgusted with the fact that their product was mis-listed . In reporting my disappointment to Amazon I was treated like an idiot when I opposed their part in such a transaction . I did have some unkind words while communicating with the Amazon representative because she acted like `` Ha , Ha ' I 've got your information and there 's nothing you can do about it . I shall never work with Amazon again because they support unnacceptable merchandizing and then treat the buyer with disdain . Ruth P OConnor , Merrimack , NH
 Do n't waste your money on this paper . When I printed on it , the pictures came out darker than they did on the HP Premium Plus Photo Matte paper . I can print on regular printer paper and the quality is better than what you 'll get on this paper ! I highly recommend spending the extra money on good quality paper . The pictures you print out from your digital are for display , and you want to make a good impression and flatter your subjects , do n't you ?
 first off this is advertised as photo paper when its just regular computer paper but thicker . there is no gloss or finish whatsoever on this paper . then depending on what you are printing you may be able to see through the paper to the image on the other side and the paper may wrinkle if the image needs alot of ink . so its thicker than regular paper but still not thick enough . it has little value for me especially at the price it costs for advertising two sided photo paper . i intended on using this paper as the cover for pamplets im making but now im gon na have to buy a better quality paper and try and find another use for this paper .
 960 Lebels for under FIVE bucks !! Get the national brand instead.This low cost labels does n't stick to my parcel.I prepared several dozens to ship out for Christmas , in the morning all of them peeled off from one end . Such a waste of time and money .
 Very cheaply built phone . Labels fell of , the hook that comes up to answer the call would get eitherstuck in the down position or in cold weather would n't come up at all . They all went to Goodwill
 This is an inexpensive phone . We tried THREE of these same phones over a 2 month period and finally had to give up on it . Once we hooked it up we heard music from a radio station whenever we picked up the handle , even during conversations . -LRB- None of our other phones had this problem -RRB- . We tried 2 different `` filters '' made to handle this extraneous noise , but they did n't work either . We had Verizon come out , hook up yet another filter which also did n't work , but the Verizon technician said it was the construction of the phone that acted as a receiver for the radio signal - something about where the diodes were placed . Not sure if that is so , but that is what he said . Had to completely give up on this phone . Too bad as we wanted a 2 line phone that would work during loss of power .
 I do not have this model but after having my old phone for 40 years I bought a NWB phone due to remodeling . It lasted 5 months . You can not get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-amil . Buy a NWB phone at your own risk .
 We really liked it at first , although the sound quality was never really good on the outgoing message or on the recorded messages . But we 've only had it for a year now , and have to look at replacing at least the answering machine part . The recorded messages just started sounding quieter and quieter and now they are sometimes not audible at all . Ah , well , just after we bought it those audible caller id phones came out and I was kicking myself that we did n't have one of those , so here 's my chance ! : - -RRB-
 This device is cumbersome and not easy to use . And if the power is out , basic phone functions do not work even though it 's a corded phone.You can not set the volume control while listening to a message , it looses it 's settings if there is a power glitch , even a small one . Very slow to respond to key functions.I 'll be purchasing another device or going to Verizon for vmail service . -LRB- God help me ! -RRB-
 I bought mine used for a couple of dollars at a rummage sale last fall , and it did n't take long for me to learn the reason behind what seemed like an unbelievable discount
 This device is cumbersome and not easy to use . And if the power is out , basic phone functions do not work even though it 's a corded phone.You can not set the volume control while listening to a message , it looses it 's settings if there is a power glitch , even a small one . Very slow to respond to key functions.I 'll be purchasing another device or going to Verizon for vmail service . -LRB- God help me ! -RRB-
 I bought the KX-TG4000 as well as the extension telephone listed above as the 420B as This telephone system does not have acceptable voice quality , even with both base and extension in the same room.In addition , this base station is not powerful enough to cover a large , pre-World War II house with hard plaster steel lath walls and ceilings in some of the rooms intervening between the base and the extensions . It was a disaster , frankly.I have been using a Uniden 900 mhz digital cell phone in this house for 5 years , without the slightest interference , and with first class voice quality.To rule out defectiveness of this unit , I borrowed another 2.4 ghz base and extension and placed them in the same relation as the 4000/420 combination . The results were just as bad.I had to return the whole kit and caboodle , including 4 420 's , the base unit and three cordless handsets , incurring -LSB- expensive -RSB- restocking fees from the internet supplier who sold me the system.The one star is scarcely enough to convey my disappointment and anger about this system.P.S. , the system does not allow paging , a significant drawback . Nor does it have a one step automatic transfer of calls into voicemail .
 I was very pleased with my product . It was shipped to me right away and I was happy with the price .
 I needed to trim these down . Directions said to use pliers . Well , I tried three different pair and even used a rubber mallet to try to smack it apart while holding the pliers . Nothing , no break , barely a dent ... zip . I 'm not asking for help . I 'm returning it . Pure junk ! Unless a unit like this fits without cutting down , do n't waste your money , energy or time .
 The metal bars that hold up the files need breaking off to fit the drawer length . But they are so thick that neither my husband or I could break them . We followed the instructions , but they require Superman strength to snap them at the scored marks . Very frustrating , indeed .
 Do n't buy this product unless you can bench press 250 pounds . The metal side rails are very very thick , and the scores in them are very shallow . I could not break off the ends myself . In frustration and anger I took it to a friend of mine who can bench press 250 pounds , and he was able to break off the ends with a pair of pliers . He did this on a solid work surface with a 90 degree edge . Definitely do n't try this on anything that could scratch . Also , the directions do not tell you how much length to consider for the plastic stands on the ends . If you are unfortunate enough to have bought this product , a hammer might work on a solid work surface with a straight edge.Also , Pendaflex has been bought out by Esselte Corporation . I called their help line to see if there was any other tool or any other way to break off the ends . The help line actually picked up and then hung up immediately , twice on me . This is also concerning to me because I have purchased most of my filing needs with the Pendaflex brand name . Now I will really look at the product closely before I buy it , if it is Pendaflex , and even take it out of the wrapper or box if I have to . Which makes me understand why this frame is sold online at a reduced price . No way to actually look at it before you buy.Run immediately away from this product and evaluate carefully other products with the Pendaflex brand name to make sure they are of the same quality that Pendaflex used to make .
 Is your drawer legal size paper width ? Most are letter sized so this is useless for legal sized papers . Yes it is true that you can open the plastic end pieces to legal or letter but the rails have to be cut down and there 's a hinge in the way . A hinge which opened for letter size sits as a bump on the rail . How does anyone abide that?The administrative assistant was defensive and rude when I asked her what she needed . This file hanger ruined her day , then mine . You wonder how a product that does n't actually work can get to market . `` Boss you ca n't turn this sideways in the drawer '' - `` Think positively or your fired for not believing in the product '' ? Solution to Dubaflex - include 11ish inch rails in the package or better yet sell them separately as 12 '' and I could just buy the rails . Otherwise you might as well mark the box `` Letter/ALMOST legal '' sized .
 A highlighter that looks and feels like a pen . A pretty straightforward proposition . Once you 've optimised it , what more can you do ? The way they were designed , and made , a couple of years ago was pretty much optimal . I ca n't imagine how you could improve on that design . So Bic have decided that , since they must have something new and `` improved '' , they would go down the route of sub-optimalisation ! They made it worse . And then , in this latest incarnation of the Bic Brightliner -LRB- I refuse to spell bright , brite -RRB- , they made it even worse still ! The cap is now way too short , the grip is way too fat , and the tip is now much narrower than previously -LRB- produces too thin of a line -RRB- . What can I say ? Congratulations Bic on a truly awful new product ! Was this designed in Guangxhou province by a Chinese ex-chicken farmer ?
 I got the BIC Z4 Brite Liner as a bonus when I bought a package of BIC 's regular brite liner . I primarily use highlighters in my textbooks . This highlighter sure does what the name intends-it sure is bright ! I like highlighters that are bright and do n't look faded . However , I found it to be too wet . It would not dry right away and would smudge on the page . The highlighted area would crinkle a bit because it was so wet and I could see it on the back of the page as well . I do n't think I would buy this highlighter again . It 's too messy and I do n't like having to wait until the page is dry before I can turn it over .
 I 'm a law student , and over the past couple of years I 've bought hundreds of these highlighters . In the past , they were great for highlighting delicate pages . The liquid is very bright , does n't fade , and rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- bleeds.However , the last 10 - 15 packs that I 've purchased have been absolutely awful . I do n't know whether I 've just been unlucky and landed some defective packs , or if the whole brand has gone down hill ... My recent experience has been that the highlighters are great for the first few uses , but they just do n't hold up well and there 's no way to store them . If you store them tip down -LRB- e.g. , in a mug -RRB- , they inevitably start leaking over time and the liquid permanently stains any fabric that it touches . One day you 'll notice that the moment you remove the cap that there 's liquid all over your hands and that the tip is dripping . However , storing them tip up is n't the answer , either . Once a highlighter has been used , if you do n't use it frequently enough , the tip dries out -LRB- even with the cap on -RRB- and starts turning black . At that point , I strongly recommend throwing them out . It 's difficult to get them working again , and they inevitably start leaking within a few days . Given that these are pretty expensive -LRB- compared to most highlighters -RRB- , I expect them to hold up better than they have been.Still , I 'm giving BIC the benefit of doubt for now and hoping that I just ended up with packs from a defective batch.Rating -LRB- for now -RRB-
 I ordered the refill and we had a problem with the delivery . The owner of the company was nice enough to call me and I found the refills in the mail . The wrong refills . This company thinks that all 5 of the Sensa pens take the Space Pen refill . Not so . Since I happen to have 2 Space Pens I emailed her to ask her for help . NO ANSWER.If you need refills for sensa pens to the web site for them . They have stopped making the pens . However , the refill will be available as long as we show we need them . The refill that this vendor offers only fits 2 of 5 Sensa pens
 The product I received WAS NOT a Sensa product!The product was a generic refill with an adapter to make it fit the Sensa pen.The quality of the refill was not even close to the origincal product . I feel like I was `` taken . '' The price whey charged was very high and I expected the Sensa product but did not receive it .
 fdsGFDHGLUGDHJRTSUH -RSB- KYRFUHRTSXKYTXUJTZ ` YFX ; TTTTTTTTTTTTTT
 I bought this calculator for my grandson to use in Beginning Algebra . He discovered almost immediately that it is unable to calculate negative numbers correctly . I contacted the manufacturer but was told that I should not be using this calculator for Algebra , that it was designed to calculate tax functions ! Negative 5 x negative 5 is pretty simply arithmetic but this unit got the wrong answer .
 Amazon describes this Sharp EL-377T calculator as being .7 x 4.5 x 7.1 inches and weighing 4 ounces.The actual size is
 You get what you pay for . This is a very cheap calculator . Nine of the ten number buttons work just fine . Unfortunately , I occasionally have the need to enter a zero , so the calculator is pretty worthless to me , but it was so cheap that it is not worth the trouble of returning .
 This is just average paper . I gave it two stars because my kids will be able to use it for school . I had hoped to use it for brochures for my business but this paper is lightweight , see through , and not smooth.Boise Premier Print paper is far superior -LRB- heavy , opaque , and smooth -RRB- and what I will be buying next time . The Epson paper has the same specs as Boise Premier Print , but is far inferior.Note
 I bought 3 reams to use with an Epson Artisan 810 and perhaps with an older HP Pro Deskjet . While these papers worked fine -LRB- not great -RRB- with the Epson all-in-one , but the print quality was horrible on the HP . Texts are fuzzy and overall print quality is not as sharp and vibrant as claimed . I thought maybe a head cleaning would solve the problem but that was n't the case . I tried some older HP non-premium bright whites and the results are far more superior with much clearer vibrant colors and sharper texts . I 've also tested some really old Georgia-Pacific Legal -LRB- 8.5 '' x 14 '' -RRB- standard inkjet papers with the old HP and the text quality also improved compared to the Epson bright whites , and the results also looked better printed with the Epson Artisan printer so this further proofs that these Epson Bright Whites are nothing but overpriced hype . Luckily I got them on sale at a very good price but I will be going back to using HP inkjet papers instead .
 The overall quality and brightness of the paper is fine . However , I purchased this paper mainly to use for 2-sided printing/copying based on the reviews stating that you could not see through it . Unfortunately , I CAN see through to the writing on the other side . Thus , I can not use this paper for the booklets and other documents that I need to print.If you are looking to print professional documents on both sides this is not the paper for that . Look for something with a minimum weight of 28 pounds .
 This paper arrived in a box that was torn at the edges -LRB- a complaint noted by another customer as well -RRB- . The paper was not damaged , though . The paper is bright and a nice thickness , as expected , but several sheets of paper in the ream had small dark spots on them due to imperfections in the paper fibers . It was noticeable enough that I had to reprint several resumes . I will never buy this paper again . Even Staples branded paper is more consistent in quality , at a little more than half price when on sale .
 There 's no reason to order this paper when you can get comparable paper delivered from Staples or Office Depot at a fraction of the price . Also , after making the switch to that generic paper , I 've experienced fewer jams on my inkjet printer .
 The texture feels kind of rough , not smooth at all.Feels a bit too a bit too thick.The printout does n't look good on this paper .
 When I received this package I realized the box was missing its top . As I looked over the packaging I realized the box was a older Epson paper box , and the paper inside was not even close to the quality of Epson Premium White Paper -LRB- I had another real box to compare it to -RRB- . Someone had just taken cheap plain printer paper and placed it in a opened box and passed it off as Epson .
 I purchased this paper for everyday use because it was available on Amazon Prime . Now , I know why it was on Prime - inferior quality and high mark up . This Epson paper is more of the $ 4.99 quality not $ 8.99 . Print on this paper is more gray than black and letters are `` fuzzy '' and not crisp . This is evident on both Everyday and Normal settings on my HP Inkjet printer . One could NOT use this paper for anything formal or important . Faxing anything printed on this paper results in very poor fax quality for the receivers . I compared it to two other everyday papers I use and it was the worst of all by far . HP Multipurpose paper -LRB- 20 lb . -RRB- is much better by far AND less expensive . IMB Ultimate Inkjet paper -LRB- 24 lb . -RRB- is top-of-the-line for everyday use but its availability is limited . The Epson paper was the least `` white '' compared to the other papers referenced above and the packaging has no Brightness rating on the box . Like noted by other reviewers Amazon packaging was poor resulting in the paper covering being torn and the corners of the paper being bent and creased . This was evident on BOTH packages of paper that I purchased . If you need paper a trip to the store for a different brand of paper is much better than Amazon Prime free delivery . You will pay double the price and get poor quality with this Epson paper !
 This paper is really not worth its price . I fail to see anything even remotely special about its brightness , weight , or overall quality.For important printouts I use the Epson High Quality Ink Jet Paper -LRB- sold in packs of 100 sheets -RRB- , which is pretty much pure perfection . This `` bright white '' paper would not be good enough -LRB- by my standards , anyway -RRB- to use for a resume , for instance - there are too many imperfections in the paper itself -LRB- like , specks of stuff in it -RRB- . We used to get a low-end Quill brand at the office , and I think * their * paper quality was more consistent.Also , it was n't packaged tightly enough - quite a few pages got crumpled around the corners because of that , and the boxes themselves were ripped around the corners .
 i believe that i paid too much for this product . comprting pyoducts are just as good for significantly less.This us quite good quality print paper , however , and I beleive that you can count on that , if necessary
 The Epson Premium Bright paper is a nice , bright white paper ; however , it 's just to thick for most ink jet printers and causes horrible paper jams . I actually returned a Brother All in one ink jet printer , because it would jam on every sheet . My new HP J6450 also jammed on this paper . I 'd go with a lighter weight paper , otherwise you maybe pulling pieces of it from inside your printer .
 I ordered this paper advertised as Bright White Paper . Unfortunately I did not look for the numerical brightness rating before ordering . There is none , not on the site , not on the box . The reason for this is that the paper is not bright at all . Strictly false advertising . The package even looks like substitute paper was put into the box . This paper is dingy which makes prints look dingy .
 The Amazon image of this paper indicates it is 108 brightness . When I received the paper , the Epson boxes had no brightness number on them at all . When I compared the paper brightness to some 104 that I had , I found that this paper is probably closer to a 97 . I will certainly not buy it again and Amazon should remove the image from their site that shows it to be 108 brightness .
 THE ENVELOPE IS FINE , BUT THERE IS NOT ENOUGH SEALANT ON THE FLAP TO SECURE IT . I WILL BE LOOKING FOR A BETTER QUALITY PRODUCT .
 You can only use this in the sun lite because the display is hard to see . Also the touch screen does not line up with the letters . Do n't like it .
 I would personally say that this item is BAD . Its not that it is a rip off or does n't work right . I would n't know any of that because i could n't even get it to turn on . It was n't just one that did n't work ' i tried a few . Do n't even waste your money on it .
 The instruction says to remove the `` one '' screw on the back holding batteries . There 's no one screw , there are two screws holding the case together , and a hole to `` reset '' this unit , but , No battery cover or single screw.What gives ?
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00005MJUZ Royal Excelsior 384kb memory touch sreeen organizer , 6-line backlit display , PC sync software -RSB- The touch screen is dark and there is a line through the touch screen apparently some latent defect . You have to use this in a well lit area . This organizer is definitely not as good as the Sharp organizer but what can you expect from obsolete technology that is no longer in production .
 I Purchased this item with the intent of eliminating my bulging , falling apart , space eating paper rolodex . This item however , is useless in that nothing on the screen is visible ... at least to the point were it can be reasonably read . I mean it is not visible enough to even go through any menu or make any entries . I have replaced the batteries that came with the item ... to no avail . I tried it in an unlit room , in a semi-lit room , in a full lit room , inside and outside ... it made no difference , the screen was unreadable . I now have to purchase another , better unit . A total waste of money ... and I so hate throwing a new , should have worked unit away .
 I used it for a few months , and now I have a Zire . It did ok for a while . Although it was slow to work with -LRB- the touch screen was n't very sensitive , and it often came up with the letter next to the one I actually wanted -RRB- , it worked on a limited basis . It was n't convenient in that I could n't enter one entry and make it repeat over a series of days . But it did remind me of things with the reminder and alarm functions . Also , the address book worked well . But after about 9 months , it suddenly stopped working . It was n't the batteries -- it just keep freezing up on me . And the alarm would just go off for no reason in a long , annoying tone . The only way to unfreeze it or stop the alarm was to reset it . It even got so bad that every time I made an entry it froze . You 'd be better off getting something higher-level that will last .
 Everything about this device was bad . It did not display properly and quit working in a few days . Save yourself the beaches . Do not buy it !
 I did n't have very high expectations when I bought this organizer . After all , you get what you pay for and I was only looking for something very basic . However , at the very least , I expected it to be usable . It was n't , for two reasons
 Just to make it clear for everyone , despite what the enclosure looks like , this thing is - nothing - like a palm , and does n't even really fit in the same category.For anyone who has seen those little cheap data organizers with the `` chicklet '' keypads and the 4-6 line text displays , that 's what this is , repackaged into a prettier case and given a semi-touch screen rather than the keypad.Immediately after taking it out of the package I had doubts - the screen -LRB- which is hidden behind a `` demo sticker '' before purchase -RRB- has visible lines running through it , the `` wiring '' for the touch screen . Bothered me at first , but I did n't notice it much after a little bit of use.The touch-pad also took some getting used to - so they could save money on the display they have letters and numbers side-by-side under the same touch-sensitive area rather than pixelizing them and having them occupy the same space - as a result , you can hit numbers straight-on with your stylus and they work , but letters you have to hit just to the right of the letter . Much frustration ensued before I figured this out and I kept wondering why I kept getting I 's when I was pressing O , etc.It claims to be able to syncronize with Outlook 2000 but I have been unable to do so correctly - after several tries and experimentations I have so far only been able to sync my to-do list and memos - it wo n't sync calendar events or phone numbers at all . There do n't appear to be any options in the sync software as far as what gets synced , and there was absolutely no documentation at all included with the software other than the `` help '' screens within the program.I have n't tested functionality with the included PIM software - I suspect it would work better with it , but that 's not what I bought it for . Without Outlook sync functionality it 's basically useless to me.Although I was pretty much expecting it with a digital organizer in this price category , the user interface I should mention is pretty non-intuitive as well . On calendar views , each date can have up to three dots next to it - one dot means a to-do item , another dot means an anniversary item , and yet another dot means a schedule item . You have to remember which dot means which . No matter what section you are in , you can only view one item at a time - you do n't get a `` list '' of to-do items , for example , you have to go through them one at a time.This thing might be OK for someone who does n't use Outlook and does n't have much data to go through every day or does n't need any `` at-a-glance '' views , and you can get used to the quirky data entry system -LRB- I almost think sticking with the chicklet keys would work a lot better -RRB- - but pretty much anyone else needs to pass this one by and save up a little more cash towards a `` real '' PDA .
 I ended up returning this after it failed to work at all . The software was not very user friendly . I only needed a simple , cheap organizer to keep track of my schedule , phone numbers and a todo list . This one was n't very easy to use and did n't work like I expected it to . I have nothing to comapre it to and thought that this is what you get for $ . Then it stopped working altogether . I tried new batteries , it worked for another day and then failed again . I will try another brand .
 1 -RRB- Backlighting never worked .2 -RRB- Finicky touch screen -- takes fair amount of practice .3 -RRB- After about six months , grew more and more erratic at accepting input -- frequently wo n't change functions at all , and bottom two rows of `` keyboard '' have stopped working altogether .4 -RRB- The organizer software is OK , but ... when trying to print out reports/to-do lists/etc , each entry prints ON A SEPARATE PAGE , even when following the instructions that - say - will generate a regular list.If it worked reliably for more than a few months , it might be a worthwhile buy for the -LRB- discounted -RRB- price . But from my own experience , and the other reviews here , I 'd have to say this was not a good purchase , and I wo n't be buying another of this brand .
 I bought it because it was cheap . I got what I paid for . The touch screen controls are finicky . I 've encountered problems with the Sync software and find that not all appointments show up.The positive thing that I can say is that I see the benefits have agood hand held and I will be ugrading for Christmas .
 I received my Excelsior as a Christmas gift . After approximately 2 months it stopped working . I called the customer service number that came the organizer and never got past customer service . I kept getting the runaround I found it again last week on my dresser and was goin to return it to the company , since it is no use to me . Your warranty stinks or the people taking care of the warranties do n't know what they are doing . I will know not to buy one of your products again and will let others know also . Also , the sync would not work , both omputers have Microsoft Outlook .
 I would never recommend this item to even a child , this is a waste of time and money ! DO NOT BUY!I bought this product expecting to get a half way decent PDA to store some of my info that I use daily , however I was very disappointed with the item because when I got it it had black line that ran the full length of the screen and was very frustrating to maneuver around when hitting desired parts of the screen . Also do n't be fooled by the way the picture looks , nothing like that . And linking to outlook ... better forget that too ! Overall bad item !
 The pens that I received are the older version of the X-Tend . The back of the packaging says 2005 . They look nothing like the pens pictured .
 When I received the pens they did not look like the ones in the picture . The picture shows that they have a silver barrel , the ones I received had the same color barrel as the grip .
 I like these pens but they are not what the picture shows . They are Xtend pens but they are either older or newer than the pens pictured .
 The envelopes are thin , and do n't feel like they 'd stand up to having anything more than a flat card in them or they might tear - however , by being thin , they do n't weigh much so may save on postage if you 're close to going over that ounce . Additionally the seal strip is not against the edge of the envelope flap , so it leaves about 3/8 '' loose which may or may not get caught in the mail system 's automated conveyors . I prefer the type with the gummed flap that you have to moisten since it goes to the edge .
 I bought these to replace a different brand that I could n't find on Amazon . Unlike the other brand , these always jam in my Epson R200 printer , even though I press the edges flat and try to loosen the long sides by pre-curling them . I can usually finally get them to feed , but it takes way too much babying .
 I have had both the hp c platinum and hp c financial calculator only to say that the hp c platinum calculator has more problems . So do not get fooled when you hear that the hp c platinum financial calculator has a longer battery life because it does n't . My hp financial calculator was stolen after using it for a minimal of four years with out having any problems or battery replacements . After I lost my hp c financial calculator , I decided to buy the hp c platinum calculator because it was marketed to have a better battery life . However , the battery life was much worse and the calculator died within three years . Not only did the battery die , but the calculator does not work properly after replacing the battery , so be careful and buy the cheaper better running hp c financial calculator .
 I own six HP12Cs and just purchased three more for MBA grad school . These new ones are of such poor quality that they are unreliable . I turned one back into HP for refund that missed key entries at least 10 % of the time . I literally smashed one today because it would calculate different answers each time for the same inputs -LRB- NPV problems -RRB- , missed key entries , and had to be turned on sometimes 3 and 4 times before turning on . I tried to talk to HP about their quality , but they were not interested . Even my professors at the university do not recommend HP calculators any longer . That is too bad , because the RPN is so natural to use . I must say though , my older HP12Cs from the 1980s still work but albeit slowly compared to the new ones .
 The HP financial calculator is really good when it comes to functionality . But the quality is horrible . The pads on the back of the calculator are already coming out . I have owned the calculator for 2 days . Not sure if one should be paying ~ $ 70 for this kind of quality.If you can buy the original 12C then I would recommend that you go for it .
 I would recommend against buying this model or an HP calculator at this time . Always a reliable calculator in the past , on the recent 12c model I bought several of the keys no longer work . HP has a very limited one year warranty -LRB- my last one worked steadily for over 10 years -RRB- , and I ca n't help but wonder if they 're using cheaper parts to get the price down from where it was several years ago .
 I have been using the HP12C for about 20 of the 25 years it has been around . I love the calculator , and this is why I have used it for so long . I would recommend a purchase of an HP 12C to everyone . I also recommend purchasing the HP 12C instead of this anniversary edition . I only have a couple reasons for this .1 -RRB- The keys of the anniversary edition do not respond as well as on the regular HP 12C . For example , when I turn on the anniversary edition , I have to check to make sure it actually turns on .2 -RRB- The quality of the anniversary edition is just not on par with the regular HP 12C . For example , the screen on the anniversay edition is already getting scratched up . I have a twenty year old and a five year old HP 12C , and neither of them has any scratches on the screen . Also the keys are just not as solid and they do n't have the nice tactile feel of the regular HP 12C . The anniversary edition just feels cheap.So I would recommend skipping the anniversary edition for the regular HP 12C .
 This was a breakthrough financial calculator when it was released in the early 1980s . They have improved on the original version mainly by making it much faster and making the digits go to 10 places . There are MANY financial calculators , including from HP , which are just as capable and but are much cheaper . HP can charge higher price of this calculator because it has reached an iconic `` THE financial calculator '' status and because so many financial professionals use it and most of them do not want to bother learning to use an another calculator . So if cost is a concern , then I do not recommend this calculator.This calculator , along with TI BA II Plus Professional , are the only two calculators allowed for the CFA exam . So if you are studying for your CFA , you will need to practice with one of the two . I have both calculators and they are both excellent choices . Some say HP 12C is better because of RPN and it requires fewer keystrokes . True , but that advantage is negated by HP 12c 's fewer buttons and since each button must perform 3 separate functions , one may occasionally punch more buttons to perform the same calculations on HP 12C than on TI BA II Plus Pro . HP 12C Platinum is just as fast in financial calculations as BA II Plus Pro . The TI BA II Plus Pro , however , is just as effective at half the cost . The main advantage of HP 12C is its RPN capability and the `` The financial calculator '' factor . It is also smaller than TI BA II Plus Pro.This calculator performs most of the statistics functions which are largely done using Excel -LRB- or its equivalent -RRB- these days . Its statistics functions are lacking a Z table . Most scientific calculators have a Z table but not business calculators . So if you are looking for a true statistics calculator , then I recommend a scientific calculator that allows data entry and a large screen size such as HP 50g . ** ADDENDUM ** I have used this calculator for almost 2 years . This calculator has serious durability problems . First , the screen scratches VERY easily . But that is not the biggest problem , the all-important ENTER -LRB- =-RRB- key only registers my entries about 80 % of the time . Pressing the key harder does not help . That one flaw makes this calculator very unreliable as I need to double-check all my entries as I am making calculations . To those who are using this calculator during an intense -LRB- and often difficult -RRB- finance exams , that could be a serious flaw . I have decided to dump this very expensive calculator for a cheaper alternative . I am very disappointed with this purchase . That 's too bad , because whent this calculator works , there are few , if any , like it .
 This assigned rating is one star for my HP 12c Platinium which describes this calculator 's value for my purposes - to make the calculations required for `` Buffettology '' by Mary Buffett & David Clark . The 12c comes with a Quick Start Guide and a disk which enables the downloading and printing of a detailed manual . The types of financial calculations covered were cash flow types ; investment decisions and their keystrokes were not covered . `` Buffettology '' incorporates a Texas Instruments BA-35 Solar financial calculator . For the types of financial calculations described in `` Buffettology '' You should purchase the Texas Instruments BA-35 Financial calculator to save time and for ease of use .
 I owned my first HP 12C for at least 15 years . This new Chinese-made version lasted less than one year . The enter key no longer works making the calculator worthless . This calculator is very expensive if it becomes worthless in less than one year . I will have to buy another one because I love to use this calculator and find it difficult to use any other . Hopefully the shoddy construction is just a fluke .
 I replaced my old 12C gold when the # 9 key got hard to push . Now , after about a year with the 12C Platinum Anniversary , the same thing happens . I have to constantly verify on the readout that I did push the # 9 hard enough -LRB- or that it did n't register twice -RRB- . I 'm on the lookout for a replacement .
 The keys are not nearly as durable as my ancient original 12c . The CLx key no longer works consistently .
 My first encounter with the HP 12C was many , many years ago as a gift from my manager . I admit having up to that time only used a Casio calculator and hence not being aware of the RPN system that the calculator uses at first aggravated me no end as I tried with great difficulty to execute simple commands using that notation . Over the years though once I got used to it , I actually prefer the RPN and so when I got this HP 12C Platinum Edition to replace my old 12C I still stuck to using the RPN despite this ability now to revert to the old way that I was initially used to when using my Casio calculator . That HP 12C was a real workhorse and although by today 's standards the computing speed -LRB- especially for IRR calculations -RRB- is really slow , the overall sturdiness and wonderful construction made it a trusted companion at work and during my exams e.g. my CFP and CPA exams . That gift was made in Malaysia and lasted me almost 15 years . The buttons had a nice feel to it and even the batteries lasted a long time.When it finally died , I decided to get a new one for my CFA exams and so I bought this Platinum Edition about 3 years ago . Fresh out of the box I could see that this made in China version is a far cry from the made in Malaysia one that I was gifted with . The overall construction was lacking and the buttons did n't have that nice feel to them . Still , I was happy enough with it to use it for 2 levels of the CFA exams until recently when the poor construction took its toll . The template surrounding the buttons started to peel off and the zero and Enter buttons refused to respond ! You have to press repeatedly and at a certain angle for them to register and hence takes away lots of time and accuracy as you have to check each time to ensure that you have actually entered the zero and/or the Enter key . Obviously this was a big negative when I was doing my level 2 CFA exam.This HP 12C that I bought came with a nifty case but it 's clear that they just do n't make the 12C 's as well as they used to . From a 15-year life span of perfect service to about a 3-year one of troublesome and inconvenient use . Right now , I do n't think I can trust getting another made in China 12C and so if I decide to get another financial calculator , I 'll probably have to go with the Texas Instruments offering . Too bad though as I really liked my first 12C but with the state of the newer versions and how shoddy they have become as compared with what they used to be I have no choice unless massive improvements are made to the current manufacturing processes.If you are willing to try your luck with a product that is a pale shadow of what it used to be that will last at best for 3 years then this is for you .
 You do not know when you need the manual and when you do n't . Try calculating a monthly payment with a standard term of 48 months . Check your answer in a spreadsheet . Then change the term to 48.5 months . Uh oh , you get a different answer with the spreadsheet . The spreadsheet is correct . The HP is not . You need to know how to enter a term with a decimal place in the HP . What else will you need the manual for ? Want to take a chance on an exam or in real life ? No way . Use a Texas Instruments or a Sharp financial calculator .
 I 've given this only two stars not because it is a bad calculator , but that it is no longer needed . As a financial analyst , I coveted mine back in the day and used it constantly with it 's reverse Polish notation . Times have changed and things have gotten much better . I now use spreadsheets for calculations and many are freely available for those who ca n't create them . Calculators are now used on the fly for the simplest of the four math functions -LRB- add , subtract , multiply and divide -RRB- . The new ones are thin , light , show large numbers and cheap . I have one that keeps a running electronic tape so I can check my input . Who today would want to drive a model T when others are whizzing by in their newer models ?
 This is my 4rd HP 12C and 2nd HP 12C Platinum . The unic problem that I had in my last on was the keys looked.I would suggest that everyone take themselves up one even if you already own a HP12C or regular Platinum .
 The build of the Platinum Anniversary 12C itself felt good . However , try this operation -LRB- i.e. multiplying -10 by 2 -RRB- by punching keys in thefollowing 3 sequences -LRB- in the RPN mode -RRB- :1 -RRB- 10 ENTER CHS 2 -LSB- X -RSB- gives 20.00 and not -20.00.2 -RRB- 10 CHS ENTER 2 -LSB- X -RSB- gives the correct answer of -20.00.3 -RRB- 10 ENTER CHS ENTER 2 -LSB- X -RSB- gives the correct answer of -20.00 . I verified with John Tirone -LRB- the author of the book `` Professional RealEstate Problem Solving Using the HP12C '' -RRB- that if the same keysequences are punched on the black/gold 12C , it consistently gives thecorrect answer of -20.00 . Needless to say , I returned the Platinum Anniversary 12C for thisreason and purchased the black/gold 12C instead .
 The user guide for this calculator is obviously either written for another model , or by a tech writer who has serious problems . In many instances when Keystroke Examples are provided , if you key in the information as indicated the calculator will simply give up and provide an error message.The machine works fine if you just address it intuitively after you have trashed the guide book .
 For the CFA exam , this is kind of a joke since it will return incorrect results for some of the basic calcs that involve fractional periods . You end up getting the TI BA anyway , so you might as well buy that now for $ 20 less . Also , there is no support for parentheses , so chained calcs are annoying to do .
 I ordered a Platinum HP-12C . The item that arrived was essentially a regular HP-12C with Platinum printed on it , but it was n't a Platinum in any other sense . A real disappointment . If I had time I would return it and get the real thing .
 IF YOU PLAN TO USE THIS CALCULATOR ON ANY EXAMS OR COURSES OR INDEED PROFESSIONALLY IN THE FIELD , MAKE SURE YOU EXPLORE ANY OTHER POSSIBLE PROGRAMMING DIFFERENCES IN THIS DEVICE VERSUS THE TRIED AND TRUE AND TOTALLY WORKABLE HP-12C GOLD CASE.Do this on the `` 25th Anniversary '' HP-12C
 I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless . I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble -LRB- have to press hard for it to register -RRB- . No drops , no abuse . The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic . The keys feel hollow and light . The available functions are great . This is a classic calculator . But the functions are no good if the keys stop working ...
 I bought this for the June 2009 CFA level 1 exam . I had an engineering HP calc during school and decided to go with an HP for the CFA exam . A year up to the exam , it was working fine until just about 2 weeks prior to the exam date . Some keystrokes had trouble registering , requiring multiple key taps . Not good ! I had to be extra careful with my entries during the exam which slowed me down a bit but I ended up passing . However , I will switch to the TI for level 2 and keep this one as a backup . Contrary to my past experience with HP calcs , the durability of this model is disappointing , especially for the price . It 's definitely a mechanical problem , as I ran the on-board self-diagnostics and it passed . Caveat Emptor !
 I have been using Paper Mate Flair pens for years to grade papers . When they came out with a `` new '' design I bought two packages , expecting them to be better than ever -LRB- or at least as good -RRB- . These pens run out of ink FAST . I thought maybe the first one that ran out during one grading session might have just been a dud , but sadly they are all running out quickly . I never had this problem with the older style Paper Mates .
 I ca n't comment on how well the item works . The first one arrived with a broken roller release switch . I contacted Amazon and they sent another one immediately -LRB- I returned the first -RRB- . That second one also arrived with a broken roller release switch . I was n't willing to wait and risk another one coming broken . I returned the second for a refund and bought a Staples laminator . I was very disappointed with these items . .
 At first I was impressed with this unit , but after 3 or 4 successful feeds , my 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper got lost inside the unit , rolling around the barrel . Unfortunately there is no easy way to open the unit to fix the problem . Basically you end up throwing it away and buying a new one since it is not that expensive to begin with . I guess you get what you pay for !
 Since purchasing this laminator , have tried a couple different types of laminating pouches -LRB- the ones that came with the machine and another kind from a chain office supply store -RRB- . After several tries with both types of pouches and documents of different thicknesses , there has only been one moderate success . Using the pouches that came with the machine and a thin image from a printer , the lamination actually took - however , the resulting product may be too flimsy for its intended use .
 Bought this for the men in the Training department to laminate checklists they fold into thirds . They used the thinnest envelopes and were happy with it until the spokes broke inside making it useless . They claim it was NOT Operator Error !
 I have used this unit about 12 times . The last time I used it , the document simply disappeared inside the unit . This is unfixable . Once a document gets jammed , the machine is broken and needs to be returned to the manufacturer . My documents were small printouts so it was not a big loss but God forbid you should put a drivers license or important photo in there . You never know when this thing is going to turn on you .
 Laminated 2 drivers licenses , 2 registrations , 1 insurance id ... . on the 2nd it jammed to never be removed again . If I attempt anymore it will surely catch fire.Now the fun . . have to figure out how to return it and what it 'll cost me and if it 's worth it.I have thrown good money after bad before . Maybe just cut my losses .
 It shorted out , started smelling burning plastic , batteries got super hot . Only had this a week . Ridiculous . I do n't recommend this , obviously .
 This is a piece of crap . The eraser is made of molded slippery plastic . Hard to hold . The button is recessed and hard to push for those with limited grip.The button should have a lock so it would stay on or use a click on/click off button . I would use my money for a better one . Another made in China junk .
 This was to be a gift but the battery was dead . I bet it would have been funny and maybe worth keeping for myself but since it did n't work I may never know . I sent it back , , there was no replacement option so I opted to not bother trying to buy another one , , , it 's really too expensive anyway .
 I have used 5 pens so far and 2 leaked so when I opened the cap ink got all over my fingers .
 Purchased 4 of these , which makes a total of 8 ink cartridges , and ink skips horribly with all eight of them .
 Very disappointing purchase . Arrived in shorter timeframe than indicated , but mechanism within pen to change pen colors does n't work correctly . Also no instructions included to explain how pen should work or FAQ 's . Would n't recommend .
 I am very unhappy with this product . In fact , I may go as far as to say this might be the biggest waste of money in my shopping history . It worked for about three days then the time was consistently off and then the laser stopped working all together , and it became nothing more than an overpriced piece of junk pen . Me and my friend exchanged gifts . I bought him what I thought was a nice pen . He bought me a nice zippo . Now I feel like a jerk for getting ripped off . Do yourself a favor . Do n't waste your money on this pen . By a zippo instead !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have had it for 3 + weeks now , the smell from the back of thegel pad does not go away . It is so strong that I can almost get ahigh on it ! Good wrist pad but just stay away from it !
 This pad has a terrible chemical smell . Can not bear to keep it on my desk . I agree with the previous customer about the smell . But I am throwing the pad away today . It can not possibly be beneficial to inhale the fumes from this pad . Forget about the possibility of spending long periods at one 's desk working on this pad . The company ought to discontinue it .
 My home town is Anasco , Puerto Rico -LRB- USA -RRB- , but you did not ship to PR.For me is very inconvenient having to purchase thru a main land State address.PR is a commonwealth of USA and we do use USPS , UPS and FedEx.Why do n't you ship to PR ?
 Purchased this printer . I was very disapointed . It left black streaks when printing . Also the printing was poor , and it will only print on super smooth surfaces . I ordered the CW-100 Thermo printer , to replace this one . It works much better .
 I purchased this product directly from the Casio website . I read the fine print -LRB- I thought -RRB- which stated that the item IS compatible with Windows Vista . After unpacking , setting up and beginning to install , my computer was unable to locate the device driver for the printer . I returned to the Casio website , found the `` New '' driver for Windows Vista , downloaded and installed it . The device was still not functioning and Windows could not locate the driver . I again returned to the Casio website . Oh , guess what ??!! Lo and behold , down at the bottom of the driver page in fine print it states that this printer is NOT compatible with Windows Vista x64 , which just so happens to be MY version . Lucky me !! So , as a warning to anyone out there with Windows Vista x64 ... this printer WILL NOT WORK !!! Do not waste your money.Now , I get to call Casio 's customer service line and begin the process of obtaining authorization to return my new paperweight at my own expense.Have a nice day !!! I am !!!
 It broke after 6 prints . Six . You cant talk to anyone . You have to PAY to ship it . Then theyll let you know if they will charge you . Do n't do business with Casio . I thought surely they must have fixed thier product , but no , they didnt .
 I have owned 3 of these . They have all broken in the same manner , in a short amount of time . The print head pops out against your CD/DVD while in use & that 's all she wrote . The ribbons are expensive , and short . I like the way it prints . I can tolerate the ribbons . But when my 3rd machine broke in the same manner as the 1st 2 , I have come to HATE Casio ! I no longer trust the brand name Casio.Casio = Crap .
 I bought this printer because of its small footprint and because it had a brand name I thought I could trust . Boy was I wrong on that last one.The driver will not install . Hardware Installation pops up a message saying `` The software you are installing for this hardware
 First - like most office depot furniture items , this thing is cheaply made . The `` back '' of the hutch is a piece of floppy laminated cardboard instead of wood . The tops and edges are unfinished showing off the ugly MDF inside . Our unit came with several scratches on it already . However , we did n't expect too much from office depot so would have been fine , except that this hutch is made to go on top of the lateral file - and only this lateral file . If you bought the lateral file before you bought the hutch , then you have to disassemble the lateral file to install the hutch . The hutch is then supposed to be screwed onto the top of the file , but there are no screw holes nor markings on the file showing you where to connect the two pieces . We ended up damaging the unit more b/c there were no pre-drilled screw holes in place , and since we do n't have power tools at home , it made it near impossible to screw through the top of the laterla file .
 I 've bought one DCT756-3 -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- for my mother in law before . It 's great . I was expecting DXI5586-3 to be even better , since it 's 5.8 GHz . It 's not ! DXI5586-3 has a very poor range . Any 900 MHz cordless phone you can buy for US$ 10 is better than DXI5586-3 . Do n't buy it . You 'll waste your money and your time . You 'd better buy an old DCT756-3 , which is much better .
 We bought the DXI 5586-3 to augment our current household system -LRB- a Uniden EXI8966 , which we have had for 8 years without any problems -RRB- . The Uniden DXI 5586-3 was much less tolerant of interference right out of the box , but we decided to try it any way . When you go from room to room it has intermittent buzzing interference . The last straw , however , was after 5 years the satellite handsets have begun to buzz loudly upon answering or making a call whenever the main phone of this set is in its base . Checked all connections . No additions to electrical line or circuit which this base shares . The handsets will only work now when the main base has no handset in it . Weird . One site said to try a new AC/DC adapter unit . Tech support was generic and not helpful in this case . I will buy a new phone set before I will invest more money into the Uniden DXI 5586-3 . We are disappointed in this particular Uniden . We love our old Uniden EXI8966 and will try to find a new set on the 2.4 GHz frequency , not the 5.8 GHz frequency .
 The range of this phone is far less than what I expected , It reaches far less than my 900 MHz or my 2.4 GHz phones , and there 's the issue of only being able to use one handset at a time that someone else posted earlier . I do not recommend it .
 Someone in my family bought these phones to replace the 2 handset system we had when 1 of those 2 handsets stopped working . The phones do work and are able to make/receive calls . However , besides that they are useless . They do not have speakerphone -LRB- which is quite useful when you are on hold for 5 + minutes -RRB- . Also , you ca n't talk on more than 1 handset at a time -LRB- which is quite useful when 2 people in the house both want to be talking to someone , usually a relative -RRB- . So if you want a completely basic phone set with no frills or extra features , go ahead and buy it . If you want something useful , please do the research that my family member did not do and shop for something else .
 Very poor range . Tried everything . Phone broke up from one room to the next.My old 900 MHz phone worked much , much better . This purchase was returned .
 This seems like a great deal until you realize the phones ca n't be used simultaneously . I will be returning mine .
 Well at first it was annoying that we couldnt use 2 phones at once but then I realized that my wife could n't snoop in on my phone conversations !!
 These pens look like fountain pens but still have a ball on the end like a ball point pen and works like a heavy flow pen.If you are looking for a crisp clean writing pen that produces sharp edges and swirls like a real fountain pen -LRB- as I was -RRB- these are not for you.if you just want a fancier looking disposable pen with a heavy ink flow then these are great .
 These pens have a ball at the tip -LRB- the nib -RRB- , so you 'll never get those slants or expressions . If you want that fountain pen look , but not the functionality , these will work for you .
 I know I should n't expect much from a inexpensive disposable fountain pen , but the disposable Bic fountain pens are much better . I just received these in the mail today and tried them out ; there is no variation in the writing , the ink is not reliable , and it bleeds with the slightest hesitation . These are about as expressive as a gel pen . It disappoints me , because I am a huge fan of most pilot writing instruments ; However , I will stay away from their disposable fountain pen market .
 It did not say they where coligrifie pens you can hardly write anything with them . They are a total rip off I will never buy anything like this again .
 These pens may look like calligraphy pens , but do n't let the fancy nib confuse you . They write like normal pens with no control over the width of your marks . The ink also has the tendency to get all over your hands and it 's not easy to get off . Also bleeds through many different types of paper we 've tried it on .
 I 'll stay with my Waterman with the refill cartridges . Guaranteed the same writing quality and ink delivery time after time .
 The pen is like an ordinary penIt did n't do the writing u want a fountain pen will doI recommend to buy something else
 I 'm a huge fan of calligraphy and fountain pens , I love the way they write and there 's nothing quite like writing with a fountain pen . With that said these are a huge disappointment . I saw tons of very positive reviews and the price and color and figured I could n't go wrong . I 'm shocked that none of the reviews I read mentioned the elephant in the pen design which is these are not fountain pens ! If you look very closely to the end of the nib you will see a small ball , which makes these ballpoint pens . I wrote with them over and over trying to figure out why they did n't write like my fountain pens and after close inspection I noticed this . Now these are great pens if you want colorful , gel , ballpoint pens . However , if you want a fountain pen I recommend you not buy these ... I actually feel quite ripped off but you get what you pay for .
 I dont know what the problem was , but whenever I held the grip and wrote more than five words , ink would start to leak into my fingers , and smear around and coat my hand . I would not recommend these pens , spend the money and get quality pens .
 I bought and returned this sharpener . This sharpener was worse than some battery operated sharpeners that I bought . It gnaws the pencil more than sharpens it , and it appears to be straining through every bit of it . The wood around the point looked fuzzy after it was sharpened .
 I am a elementary school teacher and this sharpener only lasted me a year and a half . It wont sharpen certain pencils ... it eats brand new ones too . It worked well for about 6 months and then after that , it became a hassle .
 After sharpening pencils , the sensor that turns the sharpener off failed to work on several occasions in the first 2 days of use . We had to unplug the sharpener and empty the shavings . Returned the item as a result .
 I was hoping this chalk would be more dense , less dusty , and less prone to breakage than the Crayola stuff that 's out there now . Sadly , this is the same stuff you get everywhere else . What 's worse , every single piece of chalk was pulverized ; there was n't a piece longer than one inch in the box . Finally , it 's extremely overpriced ; seven dollars for a single box of 12 chalks ? Since it was all broken , I returned it .
 The chalk is adequate , but the shipping failed . 144 pieces of chalk ; every single one broken .
 This box arrived covered in dust and broken to bits . It was in a separate plastic bag so my guess is it was packed in this condition .
 I am cursed when it comes to postage scales ! I had bought one before this that would not register any of my light weight stuff , returned that one and then finally thought I 'd try another one . I carefully read all the reviews for this item and although there were a few that said it did not work most raved that it was perfect for there home business shipping needs . I have a growing home business and NEED a scale to better be able to determine accurate shipping . I was excited when I got it but upon putting the batteries in I found it to do NOTHING !! It would n't even turn on ... NOTHING ! The good news is I was able to return it and I am going to brave it one more time and order a different scale , different brand and try it one more time ... if the next one does n't work I am going to resort to a mechanical scale .
 One day I got it out of the closet to ship a bunch of books , and it was completely dead . It simply did n't come on with wall power or batteries . When I opened it up , I smelled burnt electronics -- the controller board was fried . Not surprising , since it looks like a very cheap board ... the capacitors and transistors were bent every which way . I do n't ship much , so I got maybe 3 uses out of the thing total.Unsurprisingly , I 'm unsatisfied with this item .
 The scale i bought is inaccurate . it is 1 - 2 ounces off - something that can make a big difference when shipping lighter items . I sell books and the difference between 16 ozs and 17 ounces is important . -LRB- the way to fix this is to acquire two big weights which no one has and then reprogram -RRB- The weight flickers and changes all the time . It takes forever to weigh anything.the Amazon seller from whom I bought it , wo n't pay return shipping on a defective item and this is costly to return , so I feel stuck .
 It does n't work . It does n't even hit zero when turned on . The display keeps showing random numbers . This is brand new , out of the box and it does n't work at all.First the adapter came weeks after as the vendor said that he had run out and would I like to go and get one from somewhere else ! It did come eventually.After trying to figure out what could be the matter with the scale , I understand that to recalibrate it requires having specific , heavy weights to get it to zero itself . Who has this kind of equipment ? It is still randomly flashing numbers , has never managed to stay still at zero and , when something of known weight is placed on it -LRB- 1 lb -RRB- it keeps flashing between .78 and .65 and -LRB- it seems -RRB- every number in between.What a waste of time and money . Ordered a USPS scale as a replacement .
 I bought a defective scale from a supplier . I shipped it back to UltraShip for replacement . At first they said they were out of stock on their own product . What kind of manufacturer is out of stock on their on product ? Then send back the same defective scale back to me without fixing it . They do not stand behind their product at all . What good is a 30 year warranty if they send back the same defective scale back to you ? I used an accurate 10kg weight to calibrate the product like they ask in the manual and the numbers keep jumping around . Their LS-30 model is better -LRB- even with the annoying auto-off -RRB- , but I will never buy an UltraShip model .
 Had it for two weeks and now everything weighs .14 lbs . Wo n't work . Tried everything and do n't have 3 weeks to wait for repair or replacement . SOL .
 This was to be a second scale for my natural foods buying club to use in weighing bulk items . We already have a Weigh Max shipping scale 150 weight with which we 're quite happy.The Ultraship was defective on arrival
 We bought two of these - both died within two months . I am surprised by the high rating this junk is getting on Amazon .
 We thought this would be great for measuring out food portions -LRB- it is described here as a `` kitchen scale '' -RRB- and for shipping packages . However , the actual item is not designed for food at all , does not mention it on the packaging , and is not accurate down to the low ounces . Also , it does not come with a power adapter so it requires several C batteries which are not included . The plastic seems very lowgrade and cheap . We sent it back !
 purchased this from quick supply . was only able to use it 6-8 times everytime i was done with it i would unplug it from the outlet . purchased batteries for it to see if it was the plug and it still do n't work so now im stuck with a broke scale . towards the end of it not working it did n't weigh right anymore on things including postage where i had to pay for it after it was send with the postage on the scale .
 I do n't know how this has 5 stars at all . When I got the package , I wish I knew it would not have AC power.When I placed my 1st item it would jump between .1 or .3 oz . It was n't that bad . The next day I tried again , and it was off 2 to 3 oz . Then when nothing was on it , it would jump between -2 oz to 5 oz . Nothing was on it ! I did n't have anything to calibrate it . Sent it back on 7/22/2010 . I bought the Escali and it came today . Works perfectly so far . Get that instead .
 If I could , I would give this scale -LRB- and this entire experience -RRB- ZERO stars . This scale never worked from Day 1 . First , it would n't even turn on . I had to keep playing around with the batteries in order for it to do so . Finally , when it decided to turn on , the numbers were jumping around all over the place . I had to keep turning it on , then off , then taking the batteries out , and putting them back in ... and even then - the weight was off by a number of ounces each time ! What a waste of money , time , and energy . There 's no way I could actually USE this scale for my business!Worst of all , the supplier -LRB- QUICK SUPPLY -RRB- wanted me to pay return shipping for their DEFECTIVE PRODUCT , and I refused . WILL NEVER BUY THIS CHEAP PIECE OF JUNK AGAIN , and will never buy from this supplier again !
 The weight reading drifts on this scale , WELL beyond the supposed 2g accuracy.Example
 Bought this scale for my ebay business . It worked for about a month the way it should . Then , I had to `` play '' with it everytime I tried to use it . I 'd weigh something 3 times and get 3 different weights . Then it died completely . My brother -LRB- who can fix anything -RRB- could not get this scale to work . You get what you pay for !! Do n't waste your money on this one !
 DO NOT BUY unless you want to ship the unit back at your own expense to the vendor for replacement when yours does n't work . Our unit was dead on arrival . The displayed values varied widely , would not maintain a stable value , and the backlight display flickered randomly . The vendor refuses to refund shipping charges even though their product was dead on arrival . Their quality control is what you might expect of a fly-by-night operation from an unnamed far eastern country . Our replacement unit shipped was a different color and the backlight still flickers randomly . At least the weight indications seem to be stable for now . We ca n't justify the cost to ship this one back yet again for who-knows-what in return so we 'll live with it . The replacement unit took several weeks to arrive after they received the dead unit .
 I wish I could give this product less than 1 star . I guess you get what you pay for . I was looking for a cheap scale and I found one . Cheap in every respect . Scale will not set to zero and the numbers on the display are constantly jumping around . Run far and fast from this product . Spend a little more on something else and get a LOT more .
 Bought 10/18/2010 . Worked great at weighing envelopes and packages.Now , turning on , returns a code rr-5 , does n't weigh anything.Press ON/OFF and Tare/Zero at same time , turns on and can weigh , but only in LBS/OZ . Can not select any other unit of measure . Will see if this item will be replaced by vendor .
 This scale was dead on arrival . Thank goodness for Amazon 's easy returns , although the documentation in the box explicitly said NOT to return it to the vendor . Yeah right . Only works with expensive C batteries or an AC adapter -LRB- not included , of course -RRB- . Avoid .
 Ca n't say much about this scales it was cheap an you get what you pay for . Over all it is made very cheap an not easy ro read . The indeglow lite is very week an not easy to read . Made of all thin cheap plastic . Not worth the money.Think I 'll send this one back .
 Hate to be so harsh , but in my brief experience with this skill I found it to always be inaccurate , difficult to work with lousy instructions . I would n't recommend this .
 This scale would never work . This company told me to return it by USPS insured mail for a replacement . I did so . This company then issued me a partial refund instead of sending me a replacement scale . Now , they refuse to issue me a refund to cover their shipping instructions and poor mdse . I will never do business with them again .
 Scale would not turn on with fresh batteries installed.Plugged in with adaptor , screen would light up , then blank out , no numbers visible .
 One day I got it out of the closet to ship a some earrings , and it was completely dead . It simply did n't come on with wall power or batteries . I have used it about 5-6 times . I purchased 4 years ago from Ebay . I received a adapter and it work great . I do n't ship much , so I got maybe 3 uses out of the thing total . I paid $ 15.00 plus FREE shipping . Packed professional . So I am thinking maybe after returned fees I probably just invest in another name brand of scale .
 This scale does not work very well ; it worked the first day , after that it gives me wrong weight all the time . I would not recommend
 I had to ship things quickly so i order this scale since there were alot of reviews i was like what hell . took forever to receive so i just took it to the postal office . when i finally got it i had to buy freak batteries , no ac adapter . put it the batteries but when i turned it on there were numbers on it . so i look in the manual . it said wait a couple of second for it to warm up , i wait several . looked online , youtube , nothing . then i read that you have to recalibrate it with 10kg weights . where the hell do you get 10kg of weights . sigh ... . i hope they give me a new one that works . if not a full refund.This is a update . 05/13/11So i got a e-mail today saying that they are going to give me a full refund cause they do n't have any in stock . i think thats bull because they still have the item up for sale . LOL . anyways they also told me to keep the scale trash it keep whatever i want with it . lol i ca n't stop laugh .
 They do n't even include batteries or an AC adapter . I have never bought a product that does not let you power it on as soon as you buy it . I finally found an AC adapter and the scale was dead on arrival . I would stay away from this scale , seems very poor quality with high rates of error .
 Other than that it works , after an unnecessary trip to the store to buy 4 C sized batteries . -LRB- I ca n't believe people still use these -RRB- It seems like if the company wanted to skimp on including an adapter they could at least send some cheap batteries in the box like everybody else does . Add 10 dollars to the price -LRB- for batteries -RRB- if you actually intend to use it .
 The scale worked fine for a couple months , but then it inexplicably locked up and was unusable . The company refuses to answer its phone , and when I did finally get a hold of them via email , they wanted me to then pay to have it shipped , which would 've cost me near 50 % of the scale . I suggest buying a scale from a company with reputable customer service .
 I purchased this scale and it never did weigh accurately , as much as 6 ounces off . When you need exact weights , this is not the one for you . How embarrassing to go to the Post office and them weigh your prepaid pkg and show you it is not accurate , or even worse it comes back due to insufficent postage . It 's Cheap in Price and quality . Back here looking for a good scale today . Only rating a 1 star because something is required . Hope the trash diggers at the dump dont find it and think it is worth something .
 The product description FAILS TO MENTION two critical points about this scale . First point , you must spend a fortune on batteries because no AC adapter comes with it . Second point , you must spend another $ 100 plus on a 20 kg test weight to `` calibrate '' the scale.I recommend spending $ 100 on a scale that WORKS and does n't need to `` calibrate . '' I bought this for my wife for Christmas one year and she has not been able to use it once due to the 20 kg calibration problem . I feel cheated.I ca n't imagine this company had any intentions of being ethical about this piece of garbage . This was a lowball at its best . People like this should n't be allowed to operate businesses . This kind of business behavior should require jail time for THEFT of people 's time and money . White collar crime at its best !
 SCALE IS DEFECTIVE!WHEN I CHECK THE WEIGHT OF AN ITEM AS INDICATED ON THE SCALE WITH A KNOWN WEIGHT , THEY DO NOT AGREE . THIS OCCURS MOSTLY IN THE 1-TO-5 OUNCE RANGE , WHICH IS WHERE I NEED IT MOST , SO I 'M BACK TO USING MY PRIMITIVE METHOD OF WEIGHING ITEMS TO BE MAILED , MAKING MY AMAZON PURCHASE A WASTE OF MONEY !! TED W. WINTERCORNTEDWINT@PRODIGY.NET
 I was also perturbed that this scale does not ship with an AC adaptor . But I could have read more closely , and C batteries are easy to come by . Got the thing up and running and now I see that the last digit of the LCD display does not function . Nice . I just get the impression that this is a cheap product .
 I am shocked that this did n't come with the AC adapter . Plus , the seller sent the silver one rather than the black one -LRB- which is what I specifically ordered -RRB- .
 I purchased this scale new and got it in the mail yesterday . Opened the box and installed the scale per the instructions and even let the machine warm up before using it . Then I proceeded to weigh things . I must have gotten a dud , because it is inaccurate . I was grabbing things from the kitchen and even put some 5,10,20 lb dumb bells on it . All weights were wrong . I even tried the tare thing where it subtracts the weight of the container and just measures the liquid . Wrong again . Then I proceeded to zero the thing out with a 5 kg weight used to test accuracy of scales for businesses and the post office . So , I grabbed some more stuff that I knew the exact weight of and the scale disappointed me again.This piece of crap is going back in the box for a refund . Luckily , Amazon is great about paying for return shipping if you have a defective item . I 'm going to try my luck with a Digiweigh scale because they have good reviews and they include the AC adapter and batteries with their product .
 I ordered this scale which came from Quick Supply . It did n't work at all . Not a beep , or a light , not even an error message . I sent it back and wanted my money back , including the shipping charges both ways and got back `` We do not refund return shipping charges '' . My advice is , keep looking .
 The product is fine , the ad is misleading . This scale is available from many vendors , many offering it at a lower price . I purchased here because the Ad title said Ultraship 55 lb Electronic Digital Shipping Postal Kitchen Scale WITH AC ADAPTER . When it arrived there was no AC Adapter and in reading the advertizing more carefully I see that it was never intended to be shipped with the scale . When I called the company to talk with them I could only listen to a recording repeating their business hours -- I was calling during their stated business hours -- and suggesting that I send an email . I found the ad misleading and the experience distressing . The same scale is available elsewhere for half the price and the customer service could hardly be worse . I recommend buying elsewhere .
 Mine did n't work at all , even though it is packed well . I could have sent it back , but I got it at a time when I had both business trips and illness ... now it 's too late . Waste of money .
 I bought this scale about 3 years ago and had great success for the 1st year . After that , every time I turn on the scale it stays on the Hello screen and never displays the weight . I have managed to get the weight display to come on by taking out the batteries and putting them back in or trying new ones . This is a big pain and I do not recommend this product to anyone . If you already have it , Good Luck !
 I needed warranty service on my old My Weigh scale . It was duly sent to the address given on the warranty paper included with the scale . The package was returned after having traveled to Phoenix , AZ , then to Bell Gardens , CA , Jacksonville , FL , Pensacola , FL , and finally to my residence . It was marked `` UNDELIVERABLE AT THIS ADDRESS '' . After finding the companies web site , I sent an inquiry -LRB- and complaint -RRB- by e-mail . The answer received was that I should send the scale in for service without any mention of a changed address or offer of compensation for the wasted postage . If I were to do as suggested I would then be at the point of spending as much as a new scale 's cost with no guarantee of the old scale being repaired or replaced . The attitude appears to be total indifference to customer satisfaction . I noticed the request for ratings above has this item listed as a toy . That may be where I have gone wrong . I thought it was a tool and bought another one while expecting the old one to be repaired and returned .
 I bought this scale to weigh and ship my ebay packages . I have tried 3 different new sets of batteries and an adaptor cord , but nothing would get this scale to work ! DO NOT BUY
 I picked this scale out for Christmas and need it in BLACK for my office . Well , the first one that was shipped was Silver ... marked right on the box . I returned it and ordered another one ... SILVER again even after I wrote the complaint as a reason for the refund . It says BlACK in the description ... I wanted BLACK , not silver.Also , they do n't tell you in the description that you need an adapter for AC use . Amazon sells them but it would be nice to know that before you buy it . The adapter does not come with the scale ... it must be purchased separately . You can use DC batteries for the scale if you do n't want to use the AC adapter.Another thing ... I know this is an inexpensive scale , but it would be nice if the lettering on the front of the scale was actually reasonably lined up and straight ... it looks like a kid from elementary school put the lettering on . Believe it or not , it actually takes the same amount of money to print the lettering straight then it does crooked .
 Scale did n't work when received . Requires purchase of very expensive weights to recalibrate . Also did n't include electric cord - have to buy that separate , too .
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 We found many of the same problems other reviewers mentioned
 My husband and I purchased this table and chairs for our grandsons for Christmas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and received a text from my daughter last night that I should contact KidKraft about the quality of the set . She said that it already has numerous indentations and marks on it . We have 2 grandsons but only the 21/2 year old is old enough to sit at the table . He has used it to eat from and to play with some of his toys since Christmas -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- . She told me that he has n't been rough with it and yet all these &#34; dings &#34; are showing up on it . I have yet to see it myself but I have a feeling that because it 's the expresso color , that any scuffs or indentations will show up even more so than on the lighter colors . I plan on contacting KidKraft and will update this review if they have any suggestions . I am disappointed because I was so hoping this table would outlive us and be used by future generations like the set I have at my house that is 75 years +
 Not thrilled , actually very disappointed . I new for the price it wood be a little less sturdy but I did n't expect it to chip and mark up as bad as it did . I was expecting it to last a bit longer knowing it was designed for children to use . It is called KIDKRAFT ... The table the first week my daughter had it was ruined . It was a gift and I was very disappointed . Her children are toddlers and are very careful and respect things so they were not abusive to the set at all . It did not hold up to the standard that it should of . I would not recommend this item . Spend the extra money and get a better set .
 Unfortunately , I think this was a great purchase and I 've never been disappointed with Amazon until now . I hate to leave a bad review , but I do n't see any other options . The product is great , but the packaging and most likely , the shipper were not . I have pictures of the box damage and the internal carnage from shipping , and unfortunately , part of that was one of the chairs being broken and unusable.There were no apparent options as to how I could replace the one chair or receive a partial refund , and also no clear way to notify Amazon directly , so I 'm either stuck with three chairs instead of four or I can take them all apart , find a box , pay for return shipment out of pocket , and then hope that the return shipment got here on one piece ... in which case I 'd have to assemble it all again : - /
 My boys -LRB- 5 and 1 -RRB- received this as a gift from their grandparents . Within a week , the top of the table was chipping . Structurally it is in great shape . It looked so beautiful and I loved the sophisticated color . I 'm very disappointed in the way that it is wearing . They boys do n't abuse it , but they definitely use it . They color , have snacks , play games and do puzzles on the table . However , I would say it only gets used less than once per day . -LRB- It 's not in the room we spend the most time in . -RRB-
 I bought this table for my two year old . I absolutely love the look of it -- the dark finish matched the rest of my house :D However , after about a week , already looked like an old table with all the scratches and knicks . The wood is very soft . It is perfect as far as height for my little tot . Just wish it could take more wear and tear
 After lots of reminding , my husband built the table and chair set one night and as soon as I saw it the next day I did n't like the color , it is more of a cherry color than espresso . All of our surrounding furniture is espresso so it sticks out like a sore thumb . Soon after that one chair took a tumble backwards and got horrible scratches on the back side . I wanted to return it but I know hubby spent lots of time building it and had already thrown out the box . After having it a couple months there are several nicks and scratches in the table itself . I wish I would have gone with a cheaper table and chair set as I have a feeling this will soon be destroyed . We bought it over a plastic one to &#34; look nice &#34; and &#34; blend in &#34; but it does n't do either of these things .
 This table & chairs set was purchased because of the high ratings given by previous buyers . This was a Christmas gift for my twin grand children and it is not suitable for them to use for years as advertised . I am totally dissatisfied with the quality of the material used to make the table & chairs - very &#34; soft &#34; wood that marks easily with a finger nail & the table arrived with a crack in it !! Complained to the seller , sent pictures of the damage & received a new table top ONLY that was of the same poor-quality so-called wood . To get a new replacement that would hopefully be better I would have to pay shipping to return the defective set ! Not very good customer service and really crappy product . Would NOT EVER recommend this product or seller to anyone !!! TOTAL WASTE OF $ 100 !!!!!
 I was n't very impressed by the table and chairs . It was so much smaller than what I thought . It looked the correct size in the pictures , but in person it looks very miniture , almost like a doll 's table and chair set . My daughter who is almost 2 will outgrow this set quicker than I 'd like . It 's good quality and the espresso color looks great , but the size of the table and chairs is a disappointment . This should be priced half of what it is . I think over $ 100.00 is overpriced for this item . Not very happy with this purchase .
 Sadly , my return window expired before I actually opened the product -LRB- I bought it for a holiday gift in Oct. and did n't assemble until the holidays -RRB- My children -LRB- a 2 and 4 year old -RRB- had this set so dinged up and scratched in 1 week from just using it to eat on that I was really shocked . The wood is very lightweight and very , very easy to muss . There was a giant gouge in one seat from a snap on a pants pocket ! Not at all worth the $ . I bought this thinking it would last until they were old enough to sit at the &#34; big &#34; table , but it looks so junky and it 's only been in use for a month-I will be replacing it as soon as I can save the money . It 's way too expensive for how easily it is damaged . If something is made in a child size , it should be able to take a little wear and tear easily . This has been in use for 1.5 months , and looks as if it 's been used in a daycare for a year .
 My wife bought the table for her in home daycare to replace a metal card table type kiddy table . I was afraid the wood might not hold up as well as medal . So far I 'm not too happy with the wooden finish of the table , it chips very easily . We have 3 kids all around the age of 2 that eat breakfast , lunch and snacks at the table 5 days a week . The strength of the table and chairs seem to be ok for now , but its only been a month so we 'll see how well it holds up over time .
 We decided to purchase this table for my 18 month old daughter -LRB- at the time -RRB- last year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- for Christmas . We were so excited to set it up and have her use it . It was great for about 6 months , now after a year of use , the finish is chipping horribly , the chairs are falling apart and it was not at all as durable as I had hoped . I would advise paying the extra money for a more sturdy durable activity table . Buyers beware if purchasing for a busy toddler , no chance in it lasting over a year .
 I bought this table for my 11/2 old son . It was much redder that it looked in the photos . Also , it 's very light-weight wood and not very sturdy . Lastly , the finish on the wood has already chipped off in several spots , and we 've only had it a month . I woud n't recommend this table . If I were to do it again , I 'd save the money to buy a better table , like the one from Pottery Barn Kids .
 I ordered this Dec 5 for my 11/2 year old grandson . It is now April in Feb the finish on the top started coming up . So not a durable product or worth the money
 This table and chair set had soooo many problems . The table top had a huge split running down the entire width of the table . Assembling the chairs was a disaster as the pre-screwed holes are uneven and inconsistently sized throughout , causing all of the chairs to rock from side to side and in a bad way . Our daughther even slipped off the chair because the unevenness/rocking was so severe . The wood seems very soft and had several cracks near the pre-screwed holes . I 'm definitely returning this piece of junk.I just do n't understand all of the glowing reviews . I suppose if you 're going by looks alone , it is a handsome set , but the construction and quality is CRAP .
 Horrible customer service !! Take forever to get your item if at all . Agents there pass your aruond and never give you a correct answer as well lie to get rid of you .
 My parents bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday at my request . It arrived with one broken chair and one chair that had the holes drilled off center making the chair unusable ! It is really a piece of junk , which is so disappointing especially considering the high price tag ! We will be returning it to Amazon today , and hope to find a table and chairs set that is n't a piece of junk so our son can actually get some use out of his birthday gift !
 really liked the look of this product , and it 's durability out of the box , but after placing puzzles on it , the finish dinged , and now shows white spots . would not purchase again - need something that will keep it 's finish a bit better .
 I was extremely disappointed with this table and chairs set !! The directions state that you can not wipe it down with anything other than a barely damp cloth , so if your kids eat at it or do arts and crafts projects on it , it is next to impossible to remove the stickiness or crayon marks . Also , the finish chips very easily and the wood is very soft and gets a million dings and dents . Ours looked like it was 10 years old after the first three weeks . I kept it a year , then threw it out and bought a plastic set that could be wiped down with a soapy rag and would not get scratched and that one looks brand new after two years of daily use . Bottom Line
 I purchased this set at the end of August and within 30 days the finish was coming off the tables and chairs . It is now only 4 months old and looks like I have had it for years . The reason I ordered this set was a friend recommended KidKraft and said her set had held up great . I am very disappointed with this product .
 The hardware that ships with the product is made from such soft metal that the bolts and allen wrench will get stripped before you put together the first chair . It took me seven hours and trip to the hardware store to put it together . Be sure to have your own stuff before you buy . Its a real pain in the rear end .
 When putting this together I thought it was very sturdy and durable . After less than a week of using this product the finish already started to peal off . I took the time to polyurathane this product in hopes it would protect it from the cheap finish . This has helped a little bit but the finish is terrible . If you are looking for a product with good quality , this is NOT the product you want .
 Based on a few statements made about the Zoom 56k Bluetooth Modem I purchased one for my Palm Zire 72 . The information that came with it , and the web site , say it is compatable with all PDAs . I tried everything I could to get it to work properly to no effect.I gave up trying to get it to work with my PDA and decided I would buy the Zoom Bluetooth PCcard for my laptop and use it that way . I was positive that it would work well with a Windows OS.That positivity was a mistake . I tried everything I could to make both Zoom products work on my Windows XP laptop to no effect.I contacted Zoom by e-mail and in about 3 days received a response . The response did n't even apply to anything I told them . I was very detailed and specific in my letter but their response could only be interpreted as them not even reading my letter and instead just giving me a generic response.I contacted them again - being the second time - and have yet to receive a response . That was about a week ago.Needless to say , I took advantage of Amazon 's return policy.I do n't know if there is a problem with the Zoom stuff or the way XP w/SP2 interacts with it but , Zoom 's customer service made it painfully clear to me
 As far as Windows Media Center remotes go this one is fairly unique . WMC functions are good , remote is fairly responsive and almost quirk free . Mouse control functions is what separates it from other WMC remotes and they work quite well . However , Windows Media Center is designed with the fact that you rarely if ever need use of a mouse in mind , so I only use gyro functionality for closing VMC on rare occasions.Primary reason I bought this product was because it advertised a programmable learning capability . This is where this remote comes to a grinding stop . First of all , programming anything on this remote is anything but easy . You have to press multiple buttons at the same time and the process is rather more difficult than it should be . Learning function simply does n't work . When you try to program it the remote is likely to hang requiring you to pull out batteries . The mistakes in the manual are a plenty so that does n't help either.All in all I 'd say if you are in dire need of mouse functionality on your remote this is the way to go , but if you need a WMC remote , look elsewhere .
 I 've had this product for about 1 month . Here 's the run down of pros and cons : Pros
 I bought this folder to avoid having two thinner folders in order to hold all of my boss 's emergency cards . This folder would have been great if it had a tab at the top as well as the bottom to keep the tension from top to bottom . The problem with not having a tab at the top is there is no tension to keep the binder ring from opening . Hence the papers slip through the top ring as you are flipping through pages and it 's just one big hassle to deal with when you 're trying to keep things organized and you end up with a different kind of mess .
 the button sticks out and apprently it easily turns itself on in my backpack becasue very quickly the battery died . Fine while it worked but I 'm sad to have lost my old faithful one .
 It has been 14 days , have not received them . So rating not so much . Link said items was ready to go on the 1st . I know I 'll love them when I get them .
 Arrived quite fast for something shipped to hawaii ! My daughter loved it my only complain is after a week the back of it split open my daughter was devastated
 Bought this device with all the good intensions . Great idea from Trendnet that I had many hope will allow me to make conference calls with Skype without picking us a handset.The installation was somewhat painful but I 've managed to overcome most of the issues by downloading drivers from their WebSite.The main issue with this device is the voice quality . It is just not usable . There is a major delays , echo and it continuously disconnecting.My recommendation - do n't come close to it !!!
 okay , so I bought this paper to produce tri-fold brochures . I will agree with the other reviewer that it prints beautifully . BUT - as soon as you try to fold it , it cracks and the top glossy layer of paper peels away like a bad sunburn . I WOULD NOT BUY THIS PAPER AGAIN . I have tried it in every possible direction in my printer but it is just very poorly scored . Do yourself a favor - buy regular glossy paper for one third the cost and fold it yourself - I guarantee it will work better .
 I like the glossiness of the paper and the way the brochures look prior to being folded . All that flew right out the window when I tried to fold them into brochures . The scoring is not the best idea . When I tried folding one way , I wound up with ripped edges . When I tried folding the other way , I wound up with the middle of the brochure being too wide and not presenting correctly . In my opinion , there should not be any scoring at all . Would have been better if there were indentations in the paper without the actual scoring . The scoring causes the paper to tear too easily . I ended up wasting over half the box . The only reason the other half was n't wasted was because I took extra time to fold each individual brochure in a completely different place than where it was originally scored . Waste of time , ink and money !! Will NOT purchase again !
 I have been using the HP glossy TRIFOLD BROCHURE PAPER for inkjets for years . It was brilliant white , nice texture , clean , sharp folds and printed beautifully on fast-normal . It also matched my glossy business cards , perfectly . I just purchased a new box -LRB- which in itself was falling apart -RRB- that is now black with a gray illustration for `` Zuccotto '' on the front . The paper has a squeeky , gritty , sticky feel , the folds crack and are not clean but broken folds . The color is closer to an off-white . I am so disgusted with this that I am going to take it into every office supply store and show them the difference . If you buy it , look for the old blue box with an image of a green tri-fold brochure for `` Lending Service '' on the front . How can a company do this !!! If you have never used the HP tri-fold you may be impressed but , believe me when I say that it is a grossly inferior product compared to what they were producing within the past year .
 The quality of the print and color on this paper is pretty good . The paper separates and falls apart upon 1 or for sure 2 folds . I bought the paper for the purpose of separating each sheet panel and getting 3 separate panels from each sheet so it worked O.K. for my purpose . If I had bought the paper for a true 3 fold brochure , I would have been extremely upset and would probably have returned the item . DO NOT buy this product for printing a brochure .
 Despite one very negative review , I took a chance on two boxes , but immediately returned one . Two stars is generous . I tried it on my HP 5650 , which model number is NOT among those listed on the box and in marketing material as NOT among those printers for which this paper is optimized . This double negative unwinds this way for me
 I ordered the phone thinking it was a good deal . But it looked different on the web than it did when I received it . The phone is to cheaply made and is very light in weight that it can be knocked off the hook with a bump of a finger . More like a child 's play phone .
 This was a huge disappointment . I had owned this same calculator for 15 + years with no issues and had n't read the reviews . Since it was the same manufacture and model number I thought I would be good to go.Must have direct or very bright light for it to operate . Basically anytime after 4pm EST -LRB- during winter -RRB- it 's inoperable .
 I am not very impressed with this unit.THere are many cheaper units available with more features.I seldom use it prefering other units that I own .
 I 'm disappointed in this calculator . I purchased it because I needed a profit manager calculator and its description says that it operates even in low light conditions . It does not work unless I have a really bright light over it or natural sunlight .
 From what I have found if one is considering this calculator , one must ensure that direct sunlight or strong indoor lighting is present at ALL times , otherwise its operation is pretty much useless . Possibly this calculator relies on its photoelectric cell only for power and has no backup or otherwise . It is being donated to the thrift store . Beware .
 I was disappointed in this calculator . Since it has no battery backup , I ca n't use it in my office after about 5:00 PM because it 's not bright enough to generate the power needed for the solar cells . It seems almost unbelievable that they would design something like that , but they did and it does ` nt work in low light situations , which makes it useless 50 % of the time for me .
 Great sound , small and comfortable to hold.But a big limitation is that it does not support call waiting / hold between Skype and landline calls , so if you are on the phone and the other type of call comes in , you must immediately hang up on your first call if you want to answer the incoming call on the same handset . It does support call waiting / hold between 2 Skype calls.The strange menu and command layout seem to have been copied from a feature list with no usability consideration or testing . Here 's what 's bothered me most so far : * It requires a tedious sequence of 3-4 key presses to get to the landline phone directory , Yet there are 3 different ways to get to the Skype directory by pressing a single key . Why not distribute those keys among other common functions , instead of having such redundancy / overlap ? * After you make a SkypeOut -LRB- i.e. Skype to phone -RRB- call from your Skype contact list , the `` recently dialed '' call list shows only the phone number , not the name of the entry . Not very useful unless you have all your Skypeout phone numbers semi-memorized ! * Likewise , when calling a landline or skypeout number from a directory , the display shows only the number , not the name of the entry . * When dialing , and also in the recently called list , phone numbers are not formatted -LRB- e.g. with dashes -RRB- to make them more readable . * The recently dialed list does not include the time of the call , nor the duration , even though the phone includes a clock and a call timer . -LRB- You can go to a different menu -LRB- 5-6 key presses away -RRB- , to see the duration of the last call only , or the running totals of all dialled and received calls -RRB- * Landline phone book entry names are at most 10 characters long , forcing constant abbreviation . 16 characters is standard and much more useful . Not quite as bad , but only the first 14 characters of skype directory entries are displayed . * This is not so unusual , but I 'm spoiled
 I bought this phone because I wanted a Skype phone that would n't tie me to the computer . This phone connects to the broadband router so you do n't even need to own a computer and it is cordless so you can walk around the house with it . It also is a dual line phone - you can connect your regular phone line to it also , but I was n't interested in that feature.Unfortunately the phone did n't work . Whenever I would make a call , I would hear the other phone ringing but as soon as the call was answered , I could n't hear anything . The person on the other end could n't hear me either . I called tech support twice , once I got the Philippines and once India . They clearly had no understanding of the product , they were just reading a troubleshooting guide which I could do myself . They said they would contact higher ups and call me back but never did . The phone looked good and was a breeze to set up , but since it did n't work I ca n't give it anything more than a 1 star rating . I returned the phone and bought the Netgear SPH 200D which has worked fine .
 it works fine but , no volume controls ... burst out ur ear sometimes and does n't work without computer
 A friend has recommended me this article.I ckeck with a BEST BUY STORE to see if it was compatible with my MAC computer.Positive response.I bought it , AND when I received it , it WAS NOT COMPTABIBLE WITH MAC.Nothing on the Linksys web indicated that it was not.I RETURNED IT TO AMAZON ON MARCH 14,2007 IN SINCE THEN ... NO ANSWER.I 'M STILL WAITING FOR MY REFUND ... SO I 'M NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THAT BAD BAD BAD SERVICE FROM LINKSYS AND AMAZON.THAT 'S WHY I 'M RATTING ZERO -0 STAR
 I think this is a common complaint these days but it was so difficult to get the customer service to replace the power adapter on this device -LRB- they NEVER responded -RRB- . That I ended up getting an electrician to provide a replacement adapter . This was after a fault in the first two months of using it -LRB- and the handset charger was connected to a ups - so should be safe from surges -RRB- . I reckon these guys are all brand and no service . Their products are ok but without decent customer support they lose my vote - and I hope your 's too.VOIP phones are great and save you lots of money . Linksys are ok but see if you can find a better option .
 Dialing from the dialpad on the handset is not possible . Many people on the internet have posted this issue and I should have researched better . I work in Research and Development for information systems so am no newbie . Linksys Customer Service reading from the cue cards was pleasant but not helpful . Tier 2 support suggested that the user ` can not ' dial numbers from the handset directly but can only use names from the Skype ` Contacts ' list . I called BS on that statement and they said ` Oh Well ' .
 I 've used numerous different Epson paper products and liked them all . But , this was my first -LRB- and last -RRB- purchase of Epson Presentation Paper - Matte . This paper is advertised as being for `` everyday projects , '' but requires special handling
 Epson has kept the same product numbers , yet changed the product completely . I have a pack of Epson paper , product number S041062 that I absolutely love . I bought it a long time ago . So , thinking Epson only changed their packaging , I ordered the same product number . It 's NOT even close ! I do n't understand how they get away with it . The images I 'm printing are completely washed out . I 'm going to try ordering the number 5 and see if it 's closer to what I was expecting this 3 to be . Ugh .
 It was n't expensive to begin with I admit , though most of the epson papers have a pretty decent thickness and print quality , this paper is standard printer paper for the most part though more expensive than a pack of regular printer paper . For those looking for some of Epson 's Photo paper quality or the ultra premium papers this just does n't match up .
 I have to say I 'm surprised by all the positive reviews for this product as I was completely disappointed with the quality . I purchased this 8.5 '' x 11 '' together with a package of 13 '' x 19 '' . Both labeled matte presentation paper , both ' 3 stars ' on the packaging . You would think it would be the same paper cut to different sizes , no ? Not . The 8.5 '' x 11 '' is not coated , has a much rougher surface and soaks up the ink like a sponge resulting in dull looking images and wavy , saturated paper . In fact the same pages I had printed on 20 lb Staples copy paper with a color laser printer looked much better . The 13 '' x 19 '' paper was much better except for the fact that the uncoated side had a pale yellowish tint to it .
 I have n't filled the basket more than 3 times and it stopped working . Do n't get it . Spend the money on something a little nicer .
 I used this shredder about five times before it suffered catastrophic failure . It jammed often even though I never fed it more than one sheet of paper at a time . If you buy this product you wo n't have to worry about emptying the basket . It wo n't last that long .
 With this Royal shredder , I have the same problems , e.g. jams , noisy sound , etc , that others already mentioned . In addition , this shredder is not safe . One day , it got jammed with cross-cut papers . When I pressed the reverse button , I heard a crack . Next thing I knew was that the cutting part cut open its plastic cover . I wish I could scan and post a picture of this broken shredder on this review so that other customers would see it .
 This shredder is dangerous . It frequently jams , the `` cutters '' actually become misaligned , and it easily breaks . I had a paper jam and reversed the direction -- the entire top casing `` popped , '' cracked and mangled the inside . I would definitely not recommend this shredder .
 That 's where this shredder belongs . It barely holds 20 pages of shredded material and it jams at least twice for every basket full . Oh yeah , you can get a desktop shredder with a full size slot at Staples for half the price .
 I have owned this shredder for a few months now , and several issues have become apparent .1 . The container is small . If you shred more than 15-20 sheets you will have to empty the machine .2 . The machine is noisy . Plan on waking up the neighbors .3 . Paper will eventually get caught in the rotors and jam the machine . My machine actually pulls paper into the casing where the motor is . This has to be a fire hazard!Overall , I would recommend that you look elsewhere for a scanner . This one is not worth the hassle .
 Mine blew up in my face . Literally . Although it is 3 years old , it should not have exploded as it did . I was lucky not to be injured since it was only 2 feet from my head . Called thier 800 number and was on hold for 10 mins before they cut me off . Beware of this product ...
 I bought this product and within days of the 90 day limited warranty it broke . Would never recommend this product .
 Mine `` broke '' after the first filling . It can still be convinced to operate , however , if you first toggle it to Rev before toggling it to Auto .
 Short and sweet ... It is a piece of junk
 This laminator was purchased at Best Buy on 12/22/00 and was used only three times . The first time it worked properly . The second time it chewed up the item to be laminated , but I was able to successfully extract it . The third time the item to be laminated disappeared inside the machine and has n't been seen since . The laminator also has not worked at all since then . I called the number in the instruction manual -LRB- 800-524-0799 -RRB- on two occasions for assistance , but was put on hold forever both times . I finally found a number on the internet and called it . A recording asked me to send a letter to a P.O. box in NJ explaining the problem . It also directed me to send a copy of the original receipt with the date highlighted . They said they might send me a Return Authorization Number . That 's the status of the situation at the moment . Based upon my experience and the previous reviewer 's experience , it appears at this time that this laminator might be a badly designed machine .
 This is truly a poor product . About every third or fourth time I have used it it jams . I have managed to fix it by literally taking it apart , not easy and time consuming , and unclogging the paper . The last time , however , it became impossible to clear the mess . And , there is no trouble-shooting help to assist with this reoccuring situation . It now is headed for the dumpster . There is really no excuse for such a poorly functioning product . I note other users have had very similar problems .
 This laminator is a very nice product , BUT , After the 5th time I used it the item I was laminating disappeared !! This machine started eating the items I was laminating . After that it would not work anymore !
 I actually owned 3 of these machines , and 2 of them did n't last past 20 laminations . The only reason the other one did n't quit the ghost like the other two is because my toddler got to it first ! For the first one I bought , the document jammed and would n't come out , so I had to send it back to the seller , jammed document and all . I could only get an exchange so I got the same machine . Well , I thought , the first one I got must have been a lemon , so I had high hopes for the second one . This is the one that my toddler got to . She put a piece of cardboard in and it got good and stuck . Well , I decided to buy another one of these . Well , this third one jammed on only the fourth document I laminated , the first day that I got it . It went under a plate instead of over it and curled down and around and under the motor . Stupid me , it took three of these for me to learn that this machine is junk.Taking these things apart does n't help . I could n't get the documents out both times . I was told by Royal technical support that I would have to take apart the entire assembly COMPLETELY , down to the last nut and bolt , to get my document out . Once a document gets jammed , it smokes the motor , especially if you try to keep it running to try to get the precious document out -LRB- I was laminating an entire set of wall alphabet cards , and without the one piece that jammed , the whole set was useless . I had to buy another one to make it complete -RRB- . No repair center will fix this , even if it 's under warranty . I called three or four . My only option was to send it back to the seller and get another identical machine for exchange , which , after all this , I did n't want anymore . Well , I got the exchange , but no longer want to risk losing or damaging documents , so it 's sitting in the closet unused . Instead I bought a higher quality one -LRB- GBC HeatSeal -RRB- , and so far it 's worked great for me.Stay away from this one , and you 'll avoid frustration . I would 've given it negative 1 stars if I could . I 'm not the first to have had a terrible experience with this machine . Go to Staples or Office Depot and look at your other options .
 The very first time I used this machine , it jammed !!! I was able to use it about three more times -LRB- with at least one jam each time -RRB- before it jammed and stopped working completely . Thus , I got a total of four laminating projects -LRB- three or less items laminated at each project -RRB- before the final fatal jam . This final fatal jam has rendered the unit useless and even after taking the unit apart and clearing the jam , the unit will not work !!! This machine seems like a bargain , but this ends up costing me about $ 15 for each of the four laminating projects I was able to complete before the unit became useless !!!! Spend the extra dollars and get a laminator that provides quality and is dependable !!! Oh , forget about the warranty ; I ca n't find any place to have it repaired because the repair will cost more than the unit cost and there is no real hope that it will even work properly after the repair is complete !!!!!
 I unfortunately purchased two of these laminators and they both did the same thing ... jam within the first 3 or four laminating procedures . Buyer beware !
 This machine does not work . The products to be laminated get stuck in the rollers . Why ? The rollers that release the product are set to go in the wrong direction . Trying to reach the comapny is impossible . I tried the customer service number and gave up after getting a busy signal for 3 hours . I tried the royal division number and was connected to a number that never answered after about 25 rings . This is not a good product and the company is impossible to get in touch with . Their service centers are few and far away .
 I got this last Christmas to make a small project for my daycare . It jammed after the first couple of half-sized pieces of paper were laminated . I was able to clear that jam and it worked for a couple more minutes . But then came the fatal jam . It sucked in the paper and I have yet to find where it went . It is trapped inside of it somewhere . I tried to take it completely apart , but do n't have the skill to do it without breaking the whole thing . I called around to find someone to fix it , but everyone said it would be cheaper to buy a new machine.It 's possible that I just got a bad machine . But I did wait several minutes between laminating sheets and I did n't try to laminate anything that was too thick .
 My fancy little laminator worked for about 40 laminations and the motor burned up . I jammed about half the time anyway.I would not recommend it to anyone .
 after only a dozen uses , an item that entered , never came out and the unit started to smoke . we attempted to get it out but the task was impossible , even after removing all the screws and taking the unit apart as much as we could . so we plugged it in again hoping it might release , but it only smoked again , and we had to throw it away .
 I first purchased this at Costco . The first one died after a month of use , but I did get about a hundred laminations through it . The second one I did not use as much and after a year of sitting on my shelf I took it down to use it . I turned it on and forgot it for a couple of days . The motor burned out . Other brand lamination did not work very well . If you do n't use it much , treat it gently and do n't leave it on , it may be ok for you . Good luck !
 This was a total waste of money . Like the other users have complained in their reviews , this thing eats the documents that are fed into it . Twice I have had to pull stuff out and the document was all folded up and ruined . The third time something got caught , I managed to get the document out , but the motor was ruined . The laminator would heat up , but would n't advance the document . I will be buying another type of laminator because I need one , but will never buy another Royal laminator .
 I 've used the shredder for about five months . Apparently , I had the same problem as the rest of the folks -- stripped or broken gears . Very disappointing as I 've never abused the shredder , and I really have n't used it that much , either .
 Gears stripped after only two baskets worth of shredding . Spend more $ $ and get a decent product .
 I bought a CX7000 and it lasted about 3 months . The gears on the inside are plastic and break easily . I never put in more than three sheets of paper at a time . I am very disapointed would consider another brand .
 My shredder began to spin its gears , and when I took it apart I found out why . A Plastic Gear !! One of mine snapped a tooth . I was rather surprised to find plastic gears in a product that expects to undergo strenuous use . I ca n't find my paperwork on this product and the company seems to have no presence on the web . I 'm having difficulty finding a customer service phone number . If I can get a new gear I can fix it myself .
 I had two , both lasted about a month . The gears on the inside are plastic and break easily . I never put in more than two sheets of paper , which the machine could had trouble handling .
 I too am having a problem with my second Orca shredder.Does anyone have a source for parts -LRB- gears , in particular -RRB- . thanks
 I have had this shredder for about a year . Never fed more than two or three sheets into it . Well it locked up and when I took it apart I found out why ... Plastic Gears ! . As mentioned in other reviews can not find any web site for the company as if I could get the gears I could fix it myself . I will definitely look for a shredder that has metal gears and can be used a bit more before stripping itself !
 Like everyone else , my gears are stripped . I am searching for replacement gears . Worthless !
 Must state this first
 It 's unfortunate that I did n't research this product first , it is worthless junk . After some extremely lightweight shredding the thing is completely useless , unless you consider the wastebasket . I had the same problem everyone else had . Save yourself time and money buy a different -LRB- higher quality -RRB- product !
 I used the shredder for nothing but light duty home operation . After a few months , the gears were stripped . Now I have a $ ... wastebasket .
 I had the same experience as all the rest . I used the shredder for nothing but light duty home operation . After a few months , the gears are stripped and completely useless . Now I have a -LSB- high-priced -RSB- wastebasket .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I used the shredder for nothing but light duty home operation . After a few months , the gears are stripped and completely useless . Now I have a -LSB- ... -RSB- wastebasket .
 Bought one new , used it no more than 2-3 times a month on average . Within 2 months , the auto paper detect stopped working , so I had to manually turn the machine on and off . The unit died after 4 months and could not get any warranty assistance . The papers that I wanted to destroy lasted longer than this shredder ...
 This shredder lasted about one month , or maybe 500 pages , before it started skipping its gears . It was n't abused as far as I know -LRB- home office -RRB- . It just seemed to very prematurely wear out ...
 After several uses the Royal Orca Shredder began to shred itself ... What a poorly manufactured product ! The internal housing screws which held gears and motor in place , came loose and caused continual malfunctions - such as , gear teeth began stripping and breaking off , unit would so misalign that it would cause its safety shutoff to activate and shutdown in mid-shred , broken gear teeth would cause major lockups and unit would freeze . Very poorly made !
 Deserves 0 stars . I loved getting this for an X-mas gift , but the gears stripped on the fourth bucket of shredding , about 3 hours after I started using it ! Seems like this is a common problem . I 'll be sure to get my MONEY back from the retailer rather than a replacement .
 Must state this first
 I had a 3500 that died after about 6 months of light-duty use -LRB- no more than about 5 pages a day -RRB- . It made a grinding noise like the gears were being stripped . I had their smaller unit before that , which died after six months of undetermined causes . Do not buy this product . Read the other comments here on Amazon ; if you are an attorney , Royal would make an excellent class-action law suit .
 After slightly more than a year of very moderate use , one of the drive gears lost several teeth . The gear train is poorly designed and not up to the task -LRB- I 'm a mechanical engineer , so have some basis for judgment -RRB- . I certainly would n't buy another one , and have not yet been able to find a source for replacement parts .
 After slightly more than a year of very moderate use , one of the drive gears lost several teeth . The gear train appears to be poorly designed and not up to the task -LRB- I 'm a mechanical engineer , so have some basis for judgment -RRB- . I certainly would n't buy another one , and have not yet been able to find a source for replacement parts .
 Unfortunately , I have one of these crosscut shredders . I 've used it no more than ten times . I keep it plugged in but I had n't used it for maybe a month . When I went to use it , kaputsky . Absolutely will not work now ; overload light is on -LRB- nothing is wrong with the unit , however , the cutters turn freely in reverse -RRB- . There is a safety interlock switch that prevents the unit from being turned on with the wastebasket removed -LRB- so you ca n't turn it on -RRB- . HOWEVER , this saftety interlock has failed -LRB- NOT safe , it failed allowing the unit to be turned on with the basket removed -RRB- and thus , technically , your child could put his fingers into the cutters from below , start the shredder in reverse , and afterwards he could no longer count to ten.All of these Royal units have bad reviews . I wish that I had looked at them before I purchased this item . Had I , I would n't have .
 My ORCA3500 worked fine during the warranty period , but then one day out of the blue it seized up on me . Inspection of the unit revealed that a screw and washer holding one of the gears in place had fallen off . This caused the gears to jam -LRB- ruining the teeth on one of the plastic ones -RRB- , in addition to either the screw or washer falling around the compartment and shorting out power to the motor . Poor construction and/or design . I do n't recommend this unit !
 This shredder worked really well for about 2 weeks and then only worked if I banged on the basket and otherwise jiggled it . Now it rarely works at all . I 'm giving up on it and tossing it .
 Stopped working after 2 weeks . Had it worked on and it then stopped working 3 weeks after that . Ended up in the dumpster .
 It worked for about 2 weeks fine , after which shredding became troublesome -LRB- and I used it only 2-3 times a day with 2-3 pages at a time , sparingly -RRB- . After another month or so , the thing broke on me completely , and now I use it as a paperweight for the stack of unshredded documents , which I have to take to work and shred it there.Do not buy this piece of junk !!!
 After two months of ownership and very light usage , the machine does n't work . I ca n't tell whether it is the safety switch or the on/off one . Nevertheless , it does n't shred anymore . Stay away from this machine . You are asking for trouble if you buy one .
 You 're better off using scissors to cut your paper ! I purchased this shredder over 1 year ago , and within the year it has been to the office repair shop 3 times ! This last time , the repair shop had to ship this `` shredder '' back to the manufacturer because it was too much for them to handle . According to the repair shop , they had to return 4 of this models back for the same reasons . If you should happen to look under the shredder , you will notice that there are plastic `` teeth '' . These teeth break off and jam the steel cutter rollers . Another thing about the steel cutter rollers , the space between the cutters on the roller is just enough so that the paper , which gets shredded , now will get caught between them . Then you have to `` floss '' the steel cutters every so often to prevent the automatic shut-off from turning off the shredder . Guess that 's why the manufacturer only has a 1yr warranty .
 Very noisy and the auto mode is not working after a week . Functional
 This shredder was nothing but a pain . The thing broke on me after about 1 year . Not sure what I 'm supposed to do w / the non-working , clunky thing now .
 My wife purchased this item for my home office two years ago . After two years of light work , this product fails to shred one sheet of paper at a time ... Good for one year only ... !!!!
 Failed in less than six months . Leaking oil . Probably cut less than 50 sheets of normal business paper . Do n't buy this unit .
 I ' v had this thing for nine months and it refuses to shred anything more than one sheet at a time . It never did seven as advertised . Two sheets and it jams . This product is -LSB- weak -RSB- . This is not from heavy use , either . It 's only shredded about 100 sheets total .
 Step .3 ... insert transfer paper with the blank side -LRB- printable surface -RRB- loaded correctly.Both sides are blank . I found out the hard way and melted the film on the iron which is now useless.TIP
 I bought two packages of this paper to make t-shirts . As with many , following the directions yielded nothing but failure . Once I figured out which side to load into my printer , based on the notch , I was able to print out the rest of the first package without a problem . Then I loaded the second package of paper the exact same way as the first - but had to change it because it was the wrong side . I verified that the paper changed by comparing the pealed backings from the two different packages.Step 8 of the directions say `` Wait between one and two minutes for the transfer to cool . '' It should read `` Wait at least two minutes . '' I spent nearly half an hour trying different cooling times between 60 and 120 seconds . I did n't have success until I saw another review that said to let them cool all the way . I let the next one cool for five minutes and it peeled off with ease.The end product was much lower quality than the HP paper I previously used . I would not recommend this paper unless you do n't have any other option and ca n't wait for mail delivery of another product .
 What a disappointment ! I 've used t-shirt transfer paper many times before , and this type by Epson has been the hardest to use , by far . I was making 6 matching Ts and each came out differently ... the glue on the transfer paper yellows , adheres inconsistently and the directions are difficult to follow . You have to pay close attention to how you load it into the computer because it 's impossible to tell one side from another . Ironing too long -LRB- or actually as long as the directions say to -RRB- results in a yellowed appearance . Too short , and the image is true to color , but pulls off of the shirt . Taking the paper off is an exact science ... it has to be just right , not to hot/cold or you either wo n't get the paper off or it 'll result in glue globs on the T-shirt . Better luck with Avery !
 This was very difficult to apply , as it takes intense heat over quite a while to get it to stick . After I applied it , it began to peel off the first time I washed the t-shirt . I tried it twice.I was very disappointed in this product .
 This is a terrible product . I carefully followed the directions in applying the transfers . Some of the edges did n't look all that great , so I decided to cover the edges with sewn on trim . Wish now I had n't bothered . Washed the -LRB- 100 % organic cotton -RRB- tees in cold water , turned inside out . My plan was to hang the tees up to dry , but they came out of the washer -LRB- used delicate cycle -RRB- all cracked and generally awful . Definitely ruined some tees .
 I have used iron-on transers in the past , but I could not remember which brand , so I tried these Epson iron-on transfers because of their price . Unfortunately , after following the directions carefully , the actual transfer started to break-up and wear off after just a couple washings . I do not recommend this product unless you are only going to wear your t-shirt once or twice . After a few washings , the images look like they have been washed a hundred times .
 Do n't try to use this product with an HP printer , or using a dark t-shirt . I used a simple two tone image printed with a HP Photosmart 7660 . While the image on the paper was clear when printed , and I was able to get the paper aligned correctly prior to printing , the final product was horrible . When I peeled back the paper what was left on the dark green shirt was a mess . The image was dim , the residue that remained on the shirt looked like some sort of disease . The final result was the creation of three paint rags , since the images were so bad I would n't even wear them to take out the trash . If you need to have a few custom shirts take your image to a local printer and do n't bother with this product . What you waste in ruined shirts more than offsets the cost of having the job done right .
 this is a rip off for this terrible product . since the paper is the same on boht sides , making hard and dificult to see wich side is the printing side and . in the end wasting all the transfer with out finish your work . stay away fron this product
 this is a rip off for this terrible product . since the paper is the same on boht sides , making hard and dificult to see wich side is the printing side and . in the end wasting all the transfer with out finish your work . stay away fron this product
 A simple identification mark on the ironable side would make this product so much more user friendly . I also have a messed up iron and two wasted transfers . None of these iron-on transfer brands are inexpensive products so I recommend that you cut off a piece of the transfer paper , put a mark on it and practice first with some old fabric to see which side is ironable . I have a bottom printer tray and followed their instructions re
 I am comparing these transfers to the HP transfers for colored shirts . these require a reverse image and are just not user friendly . after three unsuccessful attempts I just went back to the more expensive HP 's . The transfers did not adhere well and would flake off in little chunks even before you tried to wash them .
 The directions show that the image should be printed so there is a notch at the top right of the paper -LRB- # 6 under `` printing '' -RRB- when you look at your printed image -LRB- see the picture of a mustached man with a chef hat -RRB- . This is wrong , the notch should be in the top left . I called customer service , who said that I had to mail back the non-printed sheets of paper or else I could n't get my `` Satisfaction Guarantee '' refund -LRB- this after I printed all the sheets at work so I could take them home to iron-on to my tshirts -RRB- . Not sure why Epson wants sheets of paper back - I 'm sure they do n't resell them . Plus , now my iron has gooey stuff on it from trying to iron the wrong side . Would it be so hard for them to make a mark on the back of the paper so you know which side to print on?Total waste of time to read the directions . You need to have your iron and your printer in the same place so that you can figure out how to use the paper by yourself .
 All I can say is my daughter and I tried everything we could to apply this transfer paper to several different cotton fabrics , following the instructions exactly and it would not stick . Burned up the whole pack of paper trying to get it to stick . We got frustrated and went to the local store and bought Avery transfer paper and it stuck perfectly the first time , and every time . Maybe you will have better luck than we did , but we could not get it to perform .
 Why would I take the time to write a review of a product like this ? Because I want to keep others from ordering this piece of garbage .1 . Both sides of the paper are white and virtually the same texture . The instructions that come with the product about how to put it in your printed are actually wrong . How did I find this out ? By ruining an iron trying to iron the transfer part by accident .2 . Your iron has to be HOT . Like industrial hot . Otherwise it wo n't stick .3 . Peeling off the backing ? Not really that easy , but OK4 . The only good thing I can say is that the colors look nice if you can finally transfer your image .
 OK - I just ordered this paper , but only once I got it did I realize that the title clearly says it is Heavyweight Matte inkjet paper , NOT the 4 star premium presentation paper shown in the picture . While the paper that was delivered says `` perfect for high quality photo reprints and enlargements '' , its not ! Its perfectly fine as cardstock but horrible to print photos .
 I found this paper on Amazon as an accessory to the Olympus Camedia P-400 Printer . This paper does NOT fit the P-400 because this paper is TOO wide . Thus , with the P-400 , this paper is useless .
 It would be nice to know how many sheets are in a pack . It appears this is an old style of paper .
 I had heard that this paper faded when left out in the air so I tested it in my office . Within 1 month it was very yellow . I love the Epson Stylus Photo printers and the Heavyweight matte paper , but if you are exposing your prints to light even under a frame , I would not buy this paper .
 I ordered this model last week because of the price . I thought it would be wonderful for the office . When the product arrived it printed lousy quality text and I very quickly found out that four of the keys on the keyboard did not work correctly thus limiting me to a 22 letter alphabet . My advice is to stick with a higher end product and leave this one alone .
 Machine was Dead on Arrival . Brother tech support had one remedy , unplug the machine and wait five seconds and try again . Still did not power up from three known working outlets . Return to sender was Brothers reply .
 I have rarely been so dissapointed in the quality of copy or fax transmission quality . Some pages are barely legible , even though the original is crisp and clear . While this machine is well designed , it is poorly executed . I am not sure if this is what you can expect for around -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , but if that be the case , a more expensive purchase would certainly be worth the money spent .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !! I had the unit for about 30 minutes before I had it re-boxed and ready for return . I realize this is an inexpensive model , but is poorly made and feels very cheap . As you might imagine , the copies are fair at best . The most annoying problem is that the originals and copies get mixed together because there is no seperation tray . I made 4 copies and came back to find my originals all mixed in with the copies . Also , any faxes you recive or send get dropped on the floor because there is no tray for the original faxes you send or the faxes you receive .
 never worked smoothly , and it stopped working in less than a year . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this .
 Meant to be for ink jet printers and fails miserably . Looks like a dot-matrix low res result from the early 1990s .
 I have owned this product for several years now , originally bought it based on the good reviews . In all fairness , it has worked ok much of the time . However , I recently went through the ~ 100 recipes I had laminated over the years , and found that about 1/3 of them were wrinkled - this despite my very careful efforts to feed the paper through evenly . I also agree with the reviewer who said that the refill cartridges are difficult to load - I have loaded 2 of them and it 's taken me close to an hour each time , with less-than-perfect results in the end due to misalignment.I recently bought the Scotch thermal laminator and am so far very happy with it . Zero wrinkles so far , and no issues with loading the individual sheets through the machine .
 Sure it makes nice laminated sheets , etc. . IF you can get it to work . This POS machine is EXCEEDINGLY difficult to load the cartridges into properly . There is a 5 step pictograph telling you how it 's done which bares only a loose asscoiation with reality . I have spent hours and wasted yards of the expensive plastic just trying to get it loaded just right , and to answer the next question , NO my unit is not defective , and I do lots of detail work wt my hands so I am NOT a klutz wt 10 thumbs . The plastic ends up coming through the feeder misaligned and bubbled every time . Btw , don ' try to find any help online with tips for loading this thing because there ARE N'T any . Of course if you are lucky enough to eventually GET it loaded it does work well after that , until the cartridge runs out again ... Also , because the glue is active on the plastic all the time -LRB- not heat activated like other systems -RRB- you better shave your whole body down and work in a clean room because every stray hair or piece of lint in your home will end up embedded in your laminating projects -LRB- at least they do in mine -RRB- . Last note , when it does laminate properly the side edges leave a tiny border , roughly 1/16th of an inch . I would have prefered at least an 1/8 inch boarder , which I could trim down if needed.If feel very bad about leaving such a terrible review for what is a good product when it works but there you go ...
 On May 12 , 2010 , I ordered a used 3M Model 9100 overhead projector from Oneil Imports in Carrollton , Tx . - I was so excited and pleased when it was actually delivered On May 17 , 2010 . We took it up to the church -LRB- for which it was ordered -RRB- , to try it out - and when we plugged it in - and turned it on - were delighted to see it turn on and showed a large lighted square on the wall for our overheads . Then withing seconds of turning it on , it quit running . We tried several times to get it to stay running . It would not . - I believe this to be a defective piece of equipment - I would like a total refund of cost and shipping.This company is not rated by the BBB . And to the BBB 's knowledge this business had closed their doors - not so . I would not recommend ordering anything from this business.I tried calling this company - two different phone numbers - both had been disconnected .
 I would buy the overhead if you lowered the price to about $ 85.00 I 'm 100 % that I would buy it . But lower the price ! I mean its a good deal in all , but I need the price lowered if I were to buy the overhead . It 's just too much to pay !!!!
 I am an avid scrapbooker . I have done a lot of research that you can make your own rub ons for greeting cards and scrapbooking with transparency film . I figured out how to print a mirror image of words on the computer , and printed it out on the transparency film , but it did not work well as a rub on . Unfortunately this was an expensive way to find out that this product does not work for what I need . I now have a full box of this product and can not use it .
 I purchased 2 of these . after owning a wowpad four years . Within the 1st month both of them started to bubble up in the middle making my mouse not work so well.In the 2nd month it curled up so bad I tried double sided tape which worked for about 10 minutes as the mouse pad has a no slip layer on the bottom that comes offVERY easy so there went that . My significant other taped hers down on the edges and the tape came up . thats how powerful the curl is.Just whatever you do stay away from these things . they are cheep and seriously live up to the name . pure junk.they are good at 1st . micro thin and all . but fails bad after a month . pay a couple more dollars for a better product.wow !
 I purchased 2 of these . after owning a wowpad four years . Within the 1st month both of them started to bubble up in the middle making my mouse not work so well.In the 2nd month it curled up so bad I tried double sided tape which worked for about 10 minutes as the mouse pad has a no slip layer on the bottom that comes offVERY easy so there went that . My significant other taped hers down on the edges and the tape came up . thats how powerful the curl is.Just whatever you do stay away from these things . they are cheep and seriously live up to the name . pure junk.they are good at 1st . micro thin and all . but fails bad after a month . pay a couple more dollars for a better product.wow !
 If you have a laser mouse , this is a bad product . The mouse pad was built for roll wheel mouses . The mouse pad makes the laser inaccurate , so it is harder to navigate around . So this mouse is good for all mice except for old laser mice .
 I bought one of these . Loved it . Then bought 2 more based on my experience with the first . Now that it 's been in use for exactly 3 months and 1 day , the fancy cloth cover is coming off . It has had medium to heavy use as the pad for our main home computer , used by myself , my wife , and my 2 older kids . To pay this amount for something I can only use for 3 months just is n't acceptable . I was hoping it was an anomaly , but I also noticed that the one that I took to work is starting to come apart at the edges . I guess it 's time to look elsewhere .
 DO not buy this pad if you have a wood finish surface . I purchased the Microban mouse pad six weeks ago . To my horror when I removed the pad there was a clear outline of the pad in my new $ 7000 desk Apparently the black non stick-surface of this pad can react with certain wood finishes . I ca n't recommend this pad unless your desktop is a non wood surface .
 This is just a regular flimsy cloth mousepad , started unraveling at the edges the first day . It picks up dirt from your hands quickly and looks dirty after 2 weeks . Waste of money ; -LRB-
 I have a wireless Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer 2.0 optical mouse . The mouse pointer will not move properly with this mouse pad . I will slide the mouse down 2 inches and the pointer wont budge . I tested the mouse pad I 'm replacing and the mouse pointer moves fine so it 's not the batteries or the wireless connection . The surface of the mouse pad must not be reflective enough . Or maybe it 's the blue color ?
 Good ol' Amazon screws up again . The mouse pad is not 10.8 '' x 9.5 '' . In fact , the pad is 8 x 9 . Otherwise , this is a typical mouse pad which probably cost $ .12 to make .
 Did n't work on my SS card , fell apart in a week ? Had to tape up Medicare card in Doc 's office when it fell apart .
 I received this item , plugged it in and started to use it . It jammed with my pictures inside ! I returned it per the instructions over two months ago and I am still waiting for it to be repaired or replaced.I would NOT recommend this product to anyone !
 This is a review of another pepershredder made by TechKo . Stay as far away as possible . It has stopped working and I have sent it back no less than four times . Shipping costs for sending back faulty equipment has easily cost more than the initial price . Absolutely terrible .
 I bought some of this brand of tape to save some money compared to that other leading famous brand of clear sealing tape . What I got were rolls of tape that looked the same but were brittle . That means that the tape split as I was pulling it off the roll , making me pick at the strip still sticking to the roll and starting it over . I wasted so much time with this tape that I made up my mind to pay extra and buy that other leading brand that I never had this problem with.The only way I can qualify this review is that perhaps the rolls I got were too old to be sold . Perhaps they had been in storage too long . But after what I 've been through using this tape , I ca n't bring myself to buy it again .
 First of all , this tape 's dispenser is lame . Second the tape sucks ! It is not sticky . If you taped a bottom of a box the stuff would fall right through and after you apply the tape it is nearly impossible to get the dispenser to function properly . I would advise anyone looking to save money on moving costs to give up on that idea and go buy the good 3M Tape and Dispenser . I ended up buying a nice 3M tape gun with the padded handle grip at Target for a reasonable price .
 I 'm a nurse and I got these for my coworkers for Christmas . They were cool and a hit with everyone , but they were so poorly packaged that 29 out of 60 were in smithereens when they arrived . I was disappointed that I was only able to use half of what I paid for .
 Do not expect to get what you paid for with these . I was excited when my order arrived within days of being placed . That subsided when I opened the package . The quality is so poor!The colored liquid -LRB- in my shipment = red , yellow , green , blue -RRB- had leaked out on probably 1/2 of them . I did n't take them out of the `` display case '' , so I did n't count exact numbers . Their picture led me to believe it was a nice sturdy display case , but it is very thin plastic . And I ca n't imagine it holding the pens if I were to take the lid off ... But do n't get me wrong , my biggest issue is with the pens themselves , not the case.I do n't understand why others rated it 3 + stars . By all means , purchase these if you like , but do not expect a high quality item.The pens themselves write well , in black ink.EDIT - 4/17/11After contacting the seller -LRB- who was amazingly helpful -RRB- I was informed that the fill level for the colored liquid could not be guaranteed . Something I would have like noted on the item description before I purchased . I would n't expect them to be exact or perfect , but there certainly should n't be any with less that 1/4 of liquid of all the rest.After opening the case , I noted 12 were cracked outright causing the leaks . The seller replaced these right away .
 After 6 months , this expensive mousepad curls up at the edges and becomes useless . Avoid .
 I bought this to use with a logiTech MX620 laser Mouse . It has a few areas where the mouse wo n't work over . The pointer just stops until you get past that point . Very annoying . I have looked at the surface of the mousepad and it looks fine.I would not buy again
 First , you will notice there is no way to open the package without either cutting the cardboard or plastic which makes this non-returnable according to their return policy and no refunds allowed . Second , you will notice the thin layer of plastic they are calling a mouse pad comes with a similar cut piece of the same stuff placed under floor rugs and used to create non-slip rugs , no genius there . Third , you will find you have to attach these plastic sticker-like feet to the bottom of your mouse to get the best performance they say . And fourth , last but not least , the edges are really sharp and uncomfortable to the wrist and hand . This is just a cheap piece of plastic cut to resemble a mouse pad . Nothing more . Do n't cheat yourself and think you can get something which will satisfy you for so cheap .
 As stated in previous reviews , this cabinet is mostly easy to assemble , with the exception of the corner brackets . Impossible to screw in those corner brackets when the cabinet is assembled . Plus , the screws are very cheap screws that are not wood screws . There is a significant gap between the drawers once assembled . One of the drawers does not slide well and seems to slip off its track occasionally . The color of the cabinet is nice but the finish is not done well . I feel I need to be very careful pulling out the drawers as the cabinet just does not feel very sturdy . If you want a file cabinet that looks pretty , is fairly economical compared to other non-metal file cabinets , and wo n't be used often , this may still be an acceptable choice .
 I bought this cabinet based on the two previous reviews and I am sorry I did so . I do n't mean to sound insulting , but these folks need to raise their standards . It looked good to me when I first unpacked it and it was easy to assemble , except for the corner brackets , as the first reviewer stated . It was not his fault ; the instructions tell you to put the corner brackets on last , which is virtually impossible . I had to take it half apart , so they were accessible enough to tighten sufficiently . It does look nice , for the price , and I was still pretty happy with it , once it was fully assembled , but then I loaded it with files . It is rickety , there is no center support between the draws and you can look between the draws and actually see the tips of the files in the bottom draw , with the draws shut . It gets worse ; the draw stops only allow you to pull the draws out two-thirds of the way , so if you have a packed draw , you can not get to the back five inches of draw without taking the draw out . If I wanted a piece of junk like this , I could have bought one for about $ 60.00 less at Staples .
 Quality of the item was poor . Door faces hang crooked and drawers do n't slide well . Several boards were also damaged upon receipt . I would return it , but the cost of shipping now that it 's put together would eat up most of the refund . This is why I do n't shop online for items of this nature often .
 I bought this tape thinking it was going to be heavy duty and work well . I was wrong . Once the boxes I taped got in the cold , it started coming off the boxes . I was concerned my shipments would open up on the delivery truck . I never had a problem like this before . Apparently this tape is not suited for cooler climates .
 YESSS !!! They have this product for review ... GREAT!THIS TAPE IS ABSOLUTE JUNK ! I have a roll of it - or something very much like it , same brand - and it keeps TEARING as you pull it off the roll so that I have to keep trying to find where it tore , then use my fingernails to pry up that little triangular bit to try to peel off another bit of tape from the roll.STAY AWAY from this crappy product.Henkel , may you rue the day you decided to cheap out on this tape .
 This unit is a fine performer , but the absence of safety features make it a poor choice for households with children or anybody who is a bit absent-minded . On the performance front , this one lives up to its promise . I 've burned out a lot of light duty shredders . This robust model accepts 18 sheets at a time so I 'm not as likely to burn it up with excessive passes.A label built into the shredder states it can shred credit cards . The box touted the ability to shred with staples , paper clips , and even CDs . But , the instructions that come with the unit clearly indicate that one should remove all fasteners and shred only paper.Most concerning is that the design lacks ordinary safety features and it is potentially quite dangerous to use . My previous shredder had a feature whereby the shredder would automatically shut off if you lifted the shredding unit off the waste receptacle . Others had an off switch on the shredding unit.This shredder has no off switch . Besides forward and backward , the only other setting is automatic . The shredding unit is operable at all times , even when removed from the waste recpetacle .
 I would not recommend this shredder-especially if you 're purchasing it to protect yourself against identify theft , which was my main reason for buying it.So , why not buy it ? It only shreds the piece of paper up to 90 % of the way through , leaving the remaining 10 % in tact . What 's the point of using a shredder if the entire sheet is n't shredded ? Anyone could easily pull the paper out of the dumpster and tape the end strips back together . Plus , the strips are n't as narrow as I hoped for . There were a few receipts that I had to shred back and forth , pulling it in and out of the shredder to shred the card numbers . Finally , I just gave up and ended up burning my receipts . It was a lot faster!So , do n't end up like me ... Spend your money on something better .
 I have owned this for 2 years . I 've shredded credit cards and papers with staples on them . It shredded paper fine for a year but now the paper just seems to clog up between the shredder wheels . This happened to previous other shredders I have owned . The center wheels seem to always be the area that gets clogged . This shredder does have a reverse function to try and clear up paper jams . I guess I will have to spend more to get a shredder that will last longer than a year .
 Worked well for a while . Then I tried shredding a closed envelope with a bank statement inside -LRB- probably 3 sheets - folded -RRB- . My bad . It was more than the device could bear . It is now broken and disassambly/cleaning could not fix it . Moral of the story ; Push only the suggested quantity of paper through this shredder .
 This portable phone and answering machine worked well for 14 months , and then suddenly the base unit became entirely unresponsive ... lights stuck on red , and the phone could no longer talk to the base unit . We called Panasonic support , and they said that if the base unit is unresponsive , there is nothing to be done except to take it to a service center , which is over 100 miles away . We tried the usual things ... unplugging and plugging it back in , trying different phone jacks , etc. with no effect . We bought this phone on Amazon and I 'm placing this here in case others have experienced the same thing . Not sure if we were just unlucky or if there is a systematic problem with this phone .
 Another reviewer mentioned this before I bought this but I thought maybe it wa just one bad unit . No . People constantly tell me they ca n't hear me . I can hear them fine . This is a product defect . Also , my previous 2-line Panasonic had caller ID on the base . You must know how important that is ; I ca n't believe they took off this feature . If privacy was their reason , there are ways around that -LRB- like having an option of no ID on the base in setup -RRB- . I REALLLLY miss that !! Most features are pretty good but they are wiped out by the need to yell into the phone . Oh , also , the speaker phone part is bogus . That is fine to have it in the handset , but that is THE ONLY PLACE it is available . Shop further until Panasonic fixes this .
 This is a review of the listing , not the product . The product is great , but you may not be getting what you expect . So , without further ado : Caution , the dimensions listed in the main title listing for this item are inaccurate . See the product description further down the page for the actual dimensions .
 We purchased this product as a gift . We have never been able to get it to work . It does not recognize ink cartridges as installed when they are . The point of purchase -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- refuses to take it back because -LRB- on their recommendation -RRB- we removed the UPC code and sent it in for a mail-in rebate . Back to the point , this machine is utterly useless in the literal sense . It does not function at all , let alone `` multi-function . '' If you do decide to buy this worthless item , be advised that the machine requires individual ink cartridges for black , cyan , magenta and yellow , and it will not print if even ONE of the cartridges is empty . Ah , yes . Very useful .
 Considering the fact that this printer was free with the purchase of a digital camera , I would not recommend purchasing this printer . If you can get it for free - go for it . Biggest complaint was trying to print standard sized photos . It never would print the pictures correctly on photo paper . The scanner and copier worked fine . Like all the other reviews , ink cartridge replacement was very irritating . LCD panel was very hard to read . After 2 years -LRB- of very little usage -RRB- , I got an indication in the LCD display , `` Unable to Clean ... '' message . It no longer works . Now I am stuck with new packs of ink that I will never use . I would take another free one though .
 I owned this printer for a year and a half . It finally died last week so I was actually motivated enough to get another one . The scanner never worked -LRB- tech support could n't figure it out , and since I do n't use a scanner all that often I let it go -RRB- . As others mentioned , the LCD is terrible . Had to view it from the side while shielding the screen from the other side . Paper jams were frequent . And if one color cartridge was empty , the printer would n't work at all -LRB- even on B&W setting -RRB- . Others mentioned good color prints - but I never managed to get good ones even with excellent paper and brother brand ink -LRB- and , yes , I do take good photos -RRB- . However , it did an outstanding job on B&W photographs - crisp with great contrast . And it was useful for printing last minute stuff for work when I was only done said stuff at 3am and it was due at 8 . This time , I did my homework before buying a printer ...
 No USB cable to connect printer . Set up was very complicated , I ended up calling technical support . After waiting 20 minutes to speak to a live person they troubleshooted me through the process . Together we managed to get the black to print . Unfornately , all attempts at color failed . She said that if I would give her my credit card number , she would see a replacement unit was sent to me . I declined stating I just had bought it today - and I could easily take it back.What a disappointment -- I had high hopes for this print since I already owned a Brother . The compact size and added features is what drew me to it in the first place . Hopefully , the next person who purchases one will have a better experience than I have had .
 The previous reviewers complain about the lack of a USB cable included in the box . Printers are NOT SOLD with cables any more . Customers are expected to provide their own .
 This review describes a DCP-110C unit purchased in France.This is an entry level MFP with no fax.The installation on Windows 2000 was troublesome . This comment may not apply to Windows XP.On our MFP , the LCD display is nearly impossible to see from directly above the MFP . It had to be viewed from an angle . This is a severe flaw . Make sure you see a model with the LCD turned on and viewable before purchasing . Hopefully other reviewers will clarify whether this is a one off situation.One color cartridge did n't work . This was due to my attempt to insert the cartridge using the wrong orientation or into a wrong slot . I believe this to be a design error . Under no circumstances should a cartridge become damaged by such a common user error . Cartridges should be more clearly marked and impossible to reverse or misplace.Initially , the copier function turned out black pages . All settings appeared correct . Strangely , scans appeared as expected so the scanning mechanism was working properly . Later , the copier function worked normally . Not sure what happened.No USB cable is provided.The quality of the printing , scanning and copying functions are as expected.The unit has builtin slots for several types of memory cartridges . We found this to be a useful and unexpected feature.Update
 I made the mistake of not searching for a similar product at my nearby retailers . The day after I 'd ordered it I found the same thing for 5 dollars cheaper at a nearby store.Also only after a week of use the mouse pad has already started to fall apart . -LRB- The pad is begining to seperate from the gell covering . -RRB- Very poorly manufactured product .
 I wish I could rate this phone in minus stars . I bought a refurbished fax/copier/answering machine and from day one the handset did not work . Since purchasing the unit -LRB- the base works fine -RRB- , I have gone through 2 replacement handsets that did n't work either . I even purchased a new handset from another vendor and had to return it because it could n't be programmed -LRB- which was one step ahead of the other 3 that could n't be charged to get to the programming step . -RRB- I am still waiting for a working replacement from Sharp 3 months after buying the initial unit . A Sharp representative claims there is n't a global problem with this phone , but that the universe has obviously conspired against me to prevent me obtaining a working handset . Stay far away from this phone if possible .
 One non-working phone might be just my bad luck . Two phones with serious issues and it starts to look like a pattern . Long story short , please learn from my mistake and DO NOT buy this phone . If you 're interested in the details , read on . If you just want the summary , my experience with this phone is that it has serious quality control problems and should be avoided.The handset for the first one of these I received did not work at all . I took it out of the package , plugged the battery into the handset , took out the base unit -LRB- which includes the answering machine -RRB- and plugged that in , and set the handset into the cradle to charge . The base seemed to work fine . The handset , however , did n't do a thing . No beeping -LRB- it 's supposed to beep to show that it 's charging -RRB- , it did n't light up , it just kind of sat there like a brick . OK , I thought , maybe it just needs the recommended 12 hours of charging before it does anything . So I waited overnight and gave it a try the next day , and still , it did n't do a thing . At this point , I had something that could maybe be used as a weapon -LRB- i.e. thrown at someone breaking into my place -RRB- , but not so much as a phone.I contacted the customer service department of the place I ordered this phone from , and they sent me a replacement , which showed up in record time , 2 days after I reported the problem . I went through the set-up again -LRB- installed the battery , etc. -RRB- and this time when I dropped the handset into the charger , I heard a little `` beep '' . I let it charge , and when I picked it up , I even heard a dial tone . Success !!!! OK , I ca n't see the information on the little LCD screen , but at least this one works , right?Well , OK , it works , but sporadically . By that I mean I can drop the phone into the charger and hear the `` beep '' to say it 's charging -LRB- and see that the indicator light on the base unit says that it 's charging -RRB- , but when I try to use it , I can just about get through dialing , letting the phone ring , and having the other person pick the phone up before the phone starts frantically beeping at me to tell me there 's a `` Low Battery '' . At this point , I 've given up on this phone . The answering machine part of the phone works fine , and the whole setup looks pretty cool , but if you want something that you can use to actually , you know , make calls , you 'd probably be better off looking somewhere else .
 For it 's unbelievable price when I bought it -LRB- price has increased since then -RRB- , this phone seemed too good to be true . It was the cheapest cordless phone and answering machine I could find online after extensive research and I was pleased with its supposed capabilities.After receiving it , plugging it in , and charging it over night , I made a phone call on the very dim-lit LCD screen phone . It already had low battery and within 30 seconds or so an extremely loud beeping that both I and the other person could hear would come on signifying a low battery . Strange , as I had just charged it for a night . After repeated recharging attemps , I made no progress with charging the battery . The only remote reason I could see for this happening is that when I first charged it , I stuck it in cradle and it jiggled out a little bit , which may have meant to the phone that I had stopped it 's initial charging cycle already and that was the maximum the phone would ever charge in the future . I 'm not quite sure.Needless to say , I returned the phone for a full refund through Amazon because I could n't get in touch with the manufacturer -LRB- they had already gone out of business -RRB- . The reason I give this phone a 2 because it did not function properly for me . It looks like a game of chance to get a working phone . I decided after all that I did n't actually need a phone for my dorm room , so I have no further recommendations but I hope this review helps in your decision .
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FROM THE LOCAL ELECTRONIC STORE , IT LOOKED GOOD IN THE STORE BUT THATS ABOUT IT . IT SUCKS!RECEPTION IS HORRIBLE , TONS OF STATIC . THE BATTERY TAKES FOREVER TO CHARGE AND DONT LAST LONG.SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME , MONEY AND FRUSTRATION AND AVOID THIS PHONE , ITS NOT WORTH ONE DOLLAR .
 i got the phone , i put it all together , and charged it for 25 hours , and it never worked . i called their 1-800 number , which did n't work , and went to the website , where they had absolutely nothing to do with phones . this phone was bad news .
 After reading the other reviews ... I decided to take a chance on this product and found that it was indeed a poor purchase . The phone does n't work at all . The answering machine works fine .
 I have had to exchange this item on three different occasions and it still does n't work . I finally decided to just forget it and take the loss .
 I bought this phone and 1 additional handset about 3 years ago . It worked well for about a year . First the LED screen on one phone went blank , now the LED on the second phone has also gone blank . Sound quality is generally poor . I originally purchased this because of the price - one of the least expensive multi handset cordless phones . Not worth it . I 'm now looking to replace the system .
 This is a terrible phone . The phone will constantly make clicking noises that only the caller on the other end will hear . There is a loud echo which makes it very annoying to talk with.TERRIBLE PHONE !!!
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND ITS WAS BROKEN . DONT BUY IT .
 The information provided on the website does not match the desk . The desk is totally useless to me because of the erroneous information .
 i am very disappointed not at the marker but the service i got i ordered it two weeks ago as a self christmas present and it was expected on the 7th at the latest and now its the 14th and it only says it is in new jersey and it was from new york so it actually went farther and it is in new jersey right now and i am still waiting so 2 weeks of waiting and it goes farther?smh i am very disappointed because i doubt it will be here by christmas i live in california but this is just sad i have ordered stuff from new york before and it has got here early im about to call amazon and ask them why its been almost 2 weeks and my order actually went farther but on the other hand my friend has this marker and it is excellent and i ordered my own but i am not satisfied with the painful wait .
 The heading says that this battery is `` for Panasonic 2.4 GHZ and 5.8 GHZ cordless Phones . '' Well , maybe for some of them , but not for all of them , as it would not fit my TGA270S handset which is a 2.4 GHZ Panasonic model . So make sure that your model is covered before you order this .
 Because this machine uses a microcassette , when it picks up a call , it will make plenty of noise to rewind and set the tape etc. . If I am sleeping , this machine has never failed to wake me up everytime with its loud analog gears . . even if I have the volume down all the way , even if I am in a different room and I have a door closed . Also if you turn the machine off , it is programmed to pick up the call after 15 rings . I thought nobody would ring me 15 times , but I was wrong . People did that and it woke me up every single time.If this machine wo n't interfere with your sleeeping , it might be a good buy . The sound is very good on it -LRB- better than the digital machines -RRB- . Functionally it is fine .
 Hi , I am so surprise to find that this product does not include USB interface as its specification describe.Only provide a parellel interface.As far I can not find a suitable interface for my laptop . I think it is better that Amazon provide an option to customer to select , or clearly tell customer the default config of the interface.Anyway , my printer can not be used now .
 I bought this 3 weeks ago , and the first two and a half weeks were great . Plug-n-play , and everything worked fine . Then , rather suddenly , the USB receiver quit receiving the signal . Now , it 's basically a funny-looking laser pointer . Worse , since the UPC code is away at the rebate center , the only way to return it is through manufacturer , which is impossible . They have been no help whatsoever . Not only would i not buy this , I would n't buy anything from the company .
 The image is for Hohner Inc - HOHMTS15 - Multi-instrument Classroom Set , but the product name and price is more consistent the metal clips like theseMAGNETIC SPRING CLIPS 11/4 BOX-24
 This item is a very poorly made and designed item . It is made of cheap plastic and feels like cheap plastic . The rubber `` feet '' fell off as soon as I opened the box . They would not stay on ; it appeared as if the glue that was used dried up from excessive heat . The feet extend to make it taller , but they are very flimsey . I would NOT trust my expensive monitor to sit on top of this riser . Like the other reviewer said , it is `` tacky '' . I will add cheap , poorly designed , flimsey , way overpriced . It looks good in the picture , but that 's the only positive thing I can say about it .
 Looks cheap and takes up way too much desk space . Especially if you have a flat panel display look for something much smaller . The 4-leg design on any desk riser is for the birds ...
 I bought this phone last March 2010 . After one month , read manual , usage , `` stress test '' i can see the following issues : + If you pick a call , then switch to speaker and then press speaker again the communication ends -LRB- I wanted to use regular mic instead of speaker and not hang communication -RRB- . + Plastic of handset is low quality . GE used to use better plastic for their handsets . + Handset keyboard has no light -LRB- I knew this in advance -RRB- . + Using the regular mic is not strong enough . + Handset affected my wireless connection , still i was able to change standard channel in wifi router . + Telephone has no wake-up alarm -LRB- I knew this in advance -RRB- . + VIP tones are useless -LRB- all tones are similar , and you can only store 10 mems -RRB- . + Amber backlight is not so nice as yellow/green backlight as GE use to deliver.I do not recommend this phone for personal use , still I think GE rocks and can make it much much better.I live in Spain and since I like GE , this phone was sent by mail from US .
 this phone is the worst i ve bought until now , cause it is full of problem to use , when i was at my bedroom the signal was gone and i always must to be near of base ...
 Horrible product ! We purchased this product for the expandable handsets ; the first few days we noticed the numerous problems ; the largest being the STATIC you and the person you called hear if you are more than 10 feet from the phone 's base . Ridiculous in this age of technology - and if your power goes out , you MUST find ALL the handsets and place them back on the base to `` reset '' the phones before they are able to be used . I usually rely on Amazon customers reviews before I purchase , but this item was on sale at Wal-Mart for $ 80.00 , so I just grabbed it . I definately should have checked the reviews , done my research , and left this phone at the store !!
 I purchased this phone system about six months ago and have never been completely satisfied . I did NOT purchase this system from Amazon , however , I am here to review the product . Basic phone function is fine
 If you leave volume at 1 or 2 , you can barely hear anything . If you crank it up -LRB- increase -RRB- to 4 or 5 , there are so much echo both ends.Only buy this if you use it mainly to record messages . For the price , that 's the cheapest you can get .
 Horrible product , do n't waist your money . You can only talk on one phone at a time . Bad for those family conference calls . Range is poor and the quality of the calls are scratchy .
 I hate this phone so much that I have to leave a review and I never leave reviews ! This is the absolute worst piece of junk I have ever owned . If your house has walls do n't buy this phone . I can not walk 10 ' away from the base with this phone before I start to get crackling and all sorts of static with the inevitable drop-out . If you are nostalgic and long for the days when you had a cord connected to your phone then this is the one for you because it only works within 10 ' of the base and not even then if there is a wall between the handset and the base . Sometimes even air seems too thick for the signal to pass through .
 I have has this scale for 2 weeks now and it is horribly inaccurate . It is off up to 3 pounds . There is a button to `` tare '' the weight , hold the current weight , or turn the machine on . When you press the button , all is does is hold the current weight . When you do finally tare the weight , 9 times out of 10 it will not go to 0.0 . It will go to 1.2 or higher . If I could give this no stars I would . It is a piece of junk !!!!!
 I bought the blue one off ebay . This thing is a completely worthless pile of plastic.Sure , it weighs fine for me . But will it recognize the battery ? Nope . Will it recognize a NEW battery ? Nope . Will it turn on if it 's cold in my apartment ? Nada . I already returned one of these for similar problems.Folks . Do n't buy this thing .
 I also wish I 'd read reviews before buying this . I also bought the blue one on ebay without knowing anything about it . I 've had it for about a week now and I have n't run into the battery problems that other people have had . It recognizes the battery ; the AC adapter works just fine.It took me quite a while to figure out how to use it because the instructions are not detailed enough and assume that you have experience with scales . When you first turn it on , it has the weight set to kg and I wanted to change it to pounds and ounces . I kept hitting the mode button to reset it like it says in the instructions but nothing was happening . I got frustrated and pressed it really hard and heard a beep . Turns out you have to press the button until you hear a beep . It does n't say this in the instructions so it never occurred to me that I was n't pressing hard enough.After getting through the learning curve on this thing , I then tried to weigh the same item 6 times to see how accurate the reading is . Of those 6 weighings , only 2 of them matched exactly . The other 4 were off by anything like .6 oz to 1.6 oz . I 'm a novice so I do n't know what to expect from scales . Is a 1.6 oz difference an acceptable tolerance level for any scale ? I would like to think that the weight ought to be the same no matter how many times you weigh it.Overall , if I 'd read the reviews before purchasing it , I would have looked for something else . However , given that I paid very little for it on ebay and that I 'm going to be weighing things only occasionally , it works for my needs .
 Worked for a while , then the digital readout started failing . At first it was just the right most number and I limped along . Now it is three numbers on the right making it useless as a postage scale . Save your money and select something else .
 Like some other reviewers , I purchased this exact scale off ebay and it 's been a problem since day 1 . It 's temperamental . It does n't work if the room is less than 73 degrees . And even when it is , I have to cross my fingers and hope that it will work just long enough to weigh my package . And usually it does n't . Fresh batteries or not.I 'd like to think that my problems with this scale were a fluke , however I know this not to be true since my mother also owns this same piece of junk and she also has had problems with it since day 1 . So , here I am , looking for another scale to buy.Save yourself the trouble and just click on through the other scale options on Amazon . Or you 'll find yourself right back here like me .
 The 75lb Weighmax works as expected . It costs $ 0.99 more and has only positive reviews .
 This piece of garbage worked for one night and never worked again ! Do n't waste your money like I did !
 Inaccurate would be an understatement . If all Stanley tape measures weighed 12 pounds , I doubt most construction workers would be hanging them off their belts . I do n't understand how a scale rated for zero to 50 pounds could say that a 12.5 pound box weighs over 1000 pounds . Sending it back .
 This is their Deluxe model and pretty expensive at that . I would not use the word sturdy for it . Countrary to the other review it is 100 % plastic with the exception of the 2 slider rails . The mounting brackets are plastic , wich means you knock it under the desk and they are going to snap . The slider for the mouse is plastic and the mouse pad wobbles.Extremely dissapointed as I know in an office environment this things days are already numbered .
 The tray is solid and sturdy enough , but the mouse pad sits a good two inches lower than the keyboard which causes strain on the arm/shoulder . It 's not very ergonomic at all . I had to send it back after only two days use .
 Just mounted my Fellowes Deluxe keyboard drawer and while I know other reviews referred to the not so sturdy mouse tray in fact it is so flimsy that I will not be using it . Spend the money and get a better unit .
 Do not buy this product unless you like crawling under your desk to retrieve the screws . This is a flimsy plastic tray . The 1/8 inch screws keep falling out . The tray drops and the screw flies under the desk . Spend money and get a better product . I have the3M Knob-Adjust Keyboard Tray with Standard Platform , 17 Inch Track -LRB- AKT60LE -RRB- at home and love it . Spend the extra money . You 'll make it up in lost time .
 It has so many parts and pieces that you can forget to install this unless you are a professional , definitely not for women who want to do this fast and get going . The instructions are pitiful
 One of the plastic mounting brackets broke near one of the screw holes during installation . The product broke before I even used it . Do n't buy this . It will break .
 The desk that I had was more like a table . . that is it had a front piece that the keyboard would not come far enough down to accomidate . Was not able to use .
 Just like the title
 I had this installed under my study desk , which is made of solid pine wood . It was really good when it was working , but it only worked for about 6 months before the front left portion of the tray 's plastic snapped . Basically , what 's left is the screws in my desk but a tray that 's left with zero function under my desk . I have a very light Apple keyboard , plus I 'm super petite , so it could n't have been the weight.I will say it worked quite well for its price when it was working . I agree with the other user that the mouse part is kind of flimsy . Still in search for a roll-out keyboard tray now ...
 I 've had the tray about four months and it 's falling apart . The screws are falling out and the temporary repair probably wo n't hold for long . I would not buy this product again . The price was good , but when it falls apart with basic use , it 's not worth it .
 Would never buy from this seller again . I was told item was sent , which was not true , as I never received item . After attempts to contact seller did n't work , I contacted Amazon.com . Finally seller contacted me saying they would send item again . After a few days , I received notice from Amazon that seller canceled sale with no explanation . I see item is still for sale , but at a much higher price , so assume the price I was paying for the item was a mistake by seller , so they canceled the sale . Buyer beware!Flower Portraits Birthday Book
 This notebook is fine , but I would n't have bought it if it were n't for the claim under Technical Details
 Of the 30 or so items I have purchased from Amazon this year , without any doubt , this is the worst . It struggled to connect to my bluetooth , struggled to stay connected , and even when it was connected the sensetivity was so poor that the mouse was virtually unusable . Any fine pointing tasks are incredibly frustrating as the mouse does not seem to track well on any surface.The presenter buttons on the bottom are impossible to push without also pushing one of the click buttons on the top of the mouse . It is too small for comfortable use for anything but a couple of minutes . The battery life was consistently less than a week.The only good news I have about this purchase is that after 6 months it has completely stopped working and I can be done with dealing with it and get on to purchasing something else .
 This mouse refuses to stay connected to the computer . It makes all other features completely irrelevant , other than the laser pointer . For the record , this is terrible investment as a laser pointer only.As background , I have over 15 years of IT experience . I 've tried this mouse with multiple bluetooth connectors , multiple bluetooth protocol stacks , and on Windows XP , Vista , and 7 . Each has displayed the same properties , if you get the darn thing to connect at all . Not sure what it 's issue is , but stay away from it .
 Promised feature - troubles operation with the USB receiver . Experience - only problems . Hardware - Lenovo X61 , Windows XP Professional with all updates installed . First attempts to pair with the receiver - a lot of `` pressing the button for 5 seconds '' . Then after successful pairing worked normally until the computer was turned off . Then after I have turned it on , the sad pairing process repeated . At the third turning on of computer , I have struggled with pairing device for about 10 minutes and I have dropped the attempts . If I shall not be able to do it on the forth turn on of computer , I shall quit and return the product .
 Pros : * Bluetooth compatibility -LRB- see cons -RRB- * Built-in laser pointer * Quality carrying case for both mouse and bluetooth adapter -- the carrying case is extremely well designed * 5-button bluetooth mouse -- very few 5-button bluetooth mice are available ; this was a significant purchasing point for meCons : * Unreliable -- it will often simply stop working in the middle of a session of use , after which it must be turned off -LRB- using switch on bottom -RRB- and turned back on * Goes to sleep too readily -- after about 30 seconds of non-use , e.g. , when typing in a field while browsing the web , the mouse will apparently go to sleep ; to wake it up you must click one of the buttons * Overly small size -- I 've used mice of many shapes and sizes and this is the first which is actually painful to use ; I 'm a man with very average hands -LRB- ring size 9.5 -RRB- ; use for more than 30 minutes often results in muscle pain * Unresponsive middle -LRB- on scroll wheel -RRB- button -- the middle button often simply does not work , even when you hear a distinct click ; it also seems like it has multiple depths/intensities of clicks , much like a camera shutter button , which may cause/exacerbate this problem * Poor placement of buttons 4 and 5 , i.e. , back and forward buttons -- buttons 4 and 5 are difficult to reach , making their presence almost non-functional ; their integration and positioning will often require fully re-seating the mouse under your fingers to reach them * Poor Linux -LRB- Ubuntu 10.04 -RRB- compatibility -- while the mouse will ** occasionally ** work in Linux , most commonly it will not actually control the system after it has connectedNote that with all of the comments above I have used both the internal bluetooth chip in my laptop and the large adapter provided with the mouse . Both have the same cons.Note also that the bluetooth adapter included with the mouse is about 3.5 cm long , making it less than ideal for use with laptops when not placed in a stationary location , e.g. , desk .
 I managed to get the mouse to work with my bluetooth enabled MacBook Pro -LRB- OS X 10.6.8 -RRB- using info on the web -LRB- not supplied with the mouse -RRB- , but the performance was poor . I loaded the supplied Intellipoint software -LRB- Mac version -RRB- but this crashed my computer and exhausted the batteries in 24 hours . I can use it after unloading the supplied software but the extra features -LRB- incl presenter functions but excl the laser -RRB- do not work .
 Very uncomfortable to hold . No matter how you hold it , you inadvertantly press some button that causes your computer/presentation to do something you do n't want it to . Sometimes pressing the button would NOT make the slides change and I had to go up to the computer to change slides . The on/off button does not seem to work sometimes . Battery life is almost nil , even if you turn it off . Do n't like anything about it , not even as a mouse due to battery life problems .
 As a mouse , this guy works pretty well . It 's nice to people able to connect via Bluetooth and not keep a dongle hanging around . Sometimes the Bluetooth loses connection , especially as the batteries get older . My other wireless mice just quit working altogether once the batteries get too low . I prefer that behavior . The MS Presenter Mouse just seems like it 's having trouble communicating.My cats also appreciate the built-in laser pointer.Where this mouse completely fails - and maybe it 's not the mouse 's fault - is that the presentation buttons do n't work when PowerPoint -LRB- at least PP2003 -RRB- is in `` Presenter Mode '' . This is a mode where the the laptop screen displays your notes and the projector displays the slides . I could chalk this up to PowerPoint vs. the Mouse , but it 's Microsoft making both products . And it does n't help that I discovered this problem when I was starting to give a very important presentation in front of a large room of people .
 This mouse worked well for about a month . Then the magnify button stuck , so I had to disable it . Now the mouse randomly drops the connection . I have to reconnect several times a day , especially when the computer goes into standby or hibernate . Also , the batteries only last for about a week.On the plus side , the mouse is very comfortable . Also , the laser is fun to tease my dog with . Probably works well with cats too .
 Setup is a breeze , but when moving the mouse back and forth , it will skip and jump ahead , which can be VERY frustrating for precision type stuff -LRB- my batteries are 100 % full at this point -RRB- . I thought this was because I did not have the MS drivers . I downloaded them , installed it and now none of the other buttons are customizable.There is no uninstaller so who know what files are wreaking havoc on my machine 's drivers.I usually buy Logitech mice , dunno why I gave this a try but I sure am regretting it now : S
 This mouse is advertised as `` bluetooth '' but must use the supplied Microsoft dongle to function . Useless with any built in bluetooth receiver , which is the entire point of having a bluetooth capable computer !!!
 I want a good presenter and a regular mouse . I chose Microsoft because I thought it would support its own product . But surprisingly , it ca n't . I have to install a software to make it fully functional for presenter.If you just go to someplace to do a presentation , do you think you are allowed to install a software to other peoples ' computer?As a mouse it is good , but as a presenter it is terrible . It also seems that if your laptop has a Bluetooth device already , the mouse 's Bluethooth will interfere with it .
 I should start out by saying almost everything about this mouse is flawless . No noticeable mouse delay after inactivity like some Bluetooth mice , tracking is great , battery life is amazing . It paired with my computer 's built-in Bluetooth receiver with no trouble . The laser pointer and volume controls are great , it comes with a cool plastic carrying case , but there is just one problem that haunts this hardware . The mouse buttons squeak!This may seem like a minor issue -LRB- and maybe it is to some people -RRB- , but it 's like a chalkboard screech to me when every click is met by * squeak * * squeak * . I think one other reviewer noted the problem , I 've discovered similar complaints via Google and I actually wondered if it was just my mouse but I returned my first mouse and the replacement had the same problem.This would be a five-star mouse if it were n't for the squeak , but the defect makes me feel like I 'm being generous by giving two stars .
 This product seems nice , but funny that they NEVER mention that this product ONLY works with the POWERPOINT for the presentation control buttons on the bottom.I use LaTeX and Beamer to create my presentation , and I use Acrobat for the presentation . Other presenters , like Logitech one , works fine with the Acrobat . But not this one . I figured out that general presenters like Logitech 's send out `` PAGEDOWN '' or `` PAGEUP '' when the button on the presenter is pressed . This one seems to send out some instructions which is native to Powerpoint only . Worse thing is that the buttons on the bottom are NOT CUSTOMIZABLE . You CAN NOT reassign these buttons for other purpose . Bottom line is that this one can not be used other software than Powerpoint.If you only use Microsoft Powerpoint for your presentation , this is your choice . If you use something else like Acrobat , avoid this one since you 'll be paying good $ 80 for nothing but a wireless mouse.The product description should include the comment saying that `` THIS PRODUCT ONLY WORKS WITH MICROSOFT POWERPOINT . ''
 I 'm using this mouse with my MacBook 's built-in bluetooth . The buttons and feel are great , and although the size is a little small in my hand I find the mouse to be very usable . The `` forward '' button is in a really awkward place -- nowhere near any of my fingers -- so it took considerable practice to learn how to reach it.And despite what others have said here , there is a new version of the MS keyboard/mouse software which lets you use all of the buttons and program them to do specific things in each application . Even the presenter controls work -- to do a degree . I find the presentation controls frequently lock up the mouse , and it rarely works to switch from presentation mode back into pointer mode.The big problem with this mouse is that it frequently cuts off . It will disconnect from the computer for about 5 seconds . This frequently happens 3 or 4 times in a row , so that it takes about 25 seconds of shaking the mouse around to get it back into working condition . This happens most frequently when the computer has been sleeping , but also randomly happens if I use the computer for a while -LRB- say ... over an hour -RRB- . This is why I 'm giving the mouse 2 stars . I paid $ 90 for it , and the darn thing still slows me down when I 'm trying to jump on my computer and do something really quickly . Plus nothing is more irritating than being in the zone , working on a project , and all of a sudden the mouse cuts out and you lose your train of thought trying to fix it.So I think it 's a good pack-in mouse to travel with , and I use it day to day for most tasks , but when I 'm working I get a USB mouse and plug that in , so I do n't put up with the constant annoyance of this mouse not doing its most basic function . I would have given it one star , but I think the laser pointer built in is an interesting novelty and definitely something that will catch people 's attention when you 're giving a presentation . Just hope your mouse does n't die in the middle of the presentation .
 Microsoft Wireless Notebook Presenter Mouse 8000 . I hate it.My major application software are ProEngineer & SolidWorks , which use Middle Button a lot and require smooth / precision cursor .1 . The middle button of this mouse is hard , require FORCE , require control so it can be pressed down vertically or it will tilt sideway due to excessive force apply .2 . The cursor is JUMPING . It jumps too often , seem like sleep and wake up every second . Imagin I am writing this review , I have to check the star -LRB- 1 to 5 stars -RRB- , I am having difficulty to place the cursor on the little star to check mark it.The reason I buy this mouse because I do n't like any dongles . Turn out not equivalent trade off .
 I bought this mouse with much fanfare and after using it for a week , following are my observations :1 . Everytime I require to connect , I need to keep this mouse and transreceiver in search mode by pressing small buttons on both devices and then run the software to search and make them connect .2 . I wanted to use this mouse across three different systems -LRB- 2 laptops and 1 desktop -RRB- without much hassle -- NOW it looks like I am better off having three mouse at home rather than using this bluetooth mouse .3 . The worst part comes with the scroller -- its lousy and it does not even respond at all . Tried all scroll setting in vein . -LRB- mouse pointer works ok though ! -RRB- 4 . To summarizse , please do not buy this mouse and you 'll be better off using $ 10 wired mouse.Cheers . . Mahi
 Worthless-The batteries last an average of two weeks.-It constantly looses the connection with the computer-The settings are reset every time the computer is restarted-The scroll is extremely sensitive-The buttons are not as responsive as a $ 10 Microsoft mouseI had read about these complaints before I purchased this mouse , but I chose to ignore them . After using this mouse , I went back to my $ 10 wired Microsoft mouse.Even when I turn the mouse off every night and reduce the sensitivity , my batteries last about two weeks . The mouse constantly looses the connection with the computer . When this occurs , you must reset the mouse -LRB- pressing the button on the bottom -RRB- , open the mouse properties dialog box , instigate a search , wait 30 seconds , then you must reselect the mouse when it is discovered -LRB- if you are fortunate , it it will be found , otherwise repeat the process five to ten times -RRB- . Each time I reboot my computer , my settings -LRB- pointer speed , scroll speed ... -RRB- are reset to the defaults . The scroll speed is so sensitive that I can not use the wheel to scroll through web pages or PDF documents . Changing the setting does not help , because it will either be too fast or too slow . I have always been partial to Microsoft products because of the responsiveness of the buttons . However , this mouse is different than any of my other Microsoft devices that I have owned in the past . After using this $ 80 mouse , I returned to my $ 10 mouse and enjoy it much more .
 It seemed to work for a while then after it was too late to return it to the store it would change slides automatically in presenter mode and/or cause the cursor to jump around in mouse mode.I 'll see if Microsoft will send me a new one but I doubt it .
 Bought three of these for executives in my company . They use them to give presentaions on large screens in their offices and on the road . After some initial difficulty getting them to connect the mouse works . Unfortunatly the cursor is not very responsive regardless of any changes in the settings . It drifts around the screen and is hard to control . Two out of three executives gave them back to me and asked me to find another presentor mouse for them .
 I had high hopes for this mouse given that it was bluetooth ; however , the battery life is terrible -LRB- roughly two months with median precision setting and using my machine less than three hours a day -RRB- . The mouse is also not very precise when you 're doing something CPU intensive -LRB- this is probably driver related -RRB- .
 For general use , generously a three-star mouse ; for presentations , a one-star mouse . Presenter/Media Mode buttons are a great advent , and the laser pointer is great for your presentations or pets . However , this is a Bluetooth mouse and suffers from the lag issues associated with all Bluetooth mice . It took me two or three attempts to pair the mouse with the Bluetooth receiver such that it is usually acceptably responsive , and I still do n't go a day without both laggy periods and outright nonresponsive periods lasting from five to thirty seconds or more . For poking around the Internet and Microsoft Office , this mouse has n't been bad enough to warrant another replacement -- yet -- but I would never risk half a minute waiting for the mouse in the middle of a presentation .
 I just have to say that this mouse EATS batteries - takes 2 AAA and they last maybe 2 weeks . I 'm returning to a simple wireless mouse where the 1 AA battery never dies .
 Technically correct but completely useless.I got this mouse to use with the internal bluetooth adapter in my notebook computer . The software and documentation are absolutely pathetic . They assume you are going to use the included adapter and offer no help if you choose to deviate at all . I was able to get the device to pair with my internal bluetooth adapter , but any time the connection was broken for any reason -LRB- timeout , system sleep , power cycle mouse or system -RRB- the only way to reconnect was to press the discovery button and re-pair the device . This is obviously not how things should work and unacceptable.I called MS support and they thoroughly wasted my time . They suggested I use the included adapter repeatedly , even though I explained to them that I purchased the device because it was advertised as bluetooth and I already have a bluetooth adapter built in . Really , what use is purpose of bluetooth if it only works with their adapter . If I am forced to use their adapter , I would much rather have a smaller , lower power , less expensive adapter that does n't fight for bandwidth with WiFi , microwaves , phones and every other device with a 2.4 GHz radio . We went around in circles for about two hours on the phone cumulatively -LRB- of course this waste of time could not be accomplished in a single call -RRB- About the only thing I can say for their tech support is that they were polite , especially considering I was not in a good mood.Eventually I had to solve the problem on my own . I am using the device with a Lenovo StinkPad and the problem turned out to be with the bluetooth stack . I updated the bluetooth drivers , but the preferred driver they suggest clearly does not know what to do with a mouse . I had to uninstall the standard driver and reinstall with the standard MS driver that uses the MS bluetooth stack . Now it appears to work as expected , no thanks to MS tech support . Stink pads are very popular in the business world and I would have thought the answer would have been easier to find at least in a forum somewhere even if not from tech support.If you have an engineering degree from one of the top 10 universities in the world and a full day to waste getting things set up , then this is a great device . If not , you may want to purchase something from a company who actually has a clue . Next time I will look to Logitech , even if it costs me twice as much .
 Ordered this wonderful product . Confusion over shipping address caused the product to be returned . In talking with a person from INDIA , they could not get the address right.Ordered this mouse from CDW and got it quickly and spoke with an AMERICAN in Chicago , IL . Great service from CDW ; will continue to get my products from them until Amazon quits using people in India for customer service . What a joke !
 My issue with this mouse is that it is not easy to click the buttons . One has to push a little harder than normal and in doing so , it 's likely that the pointer will move in the process . What 's more , once the buttons are pushed fully , you do n't get that gratifying `` click '' sound . It 's much more subdued ... I 'm sure that I would eventually get used to it if I gave it a chance , but I do n't have the patience to re-train my hand on how to use a mouse . I threw the product in the garbage and would not recommend purchasing .
 When connected to my Dell N5010 laptop computer via laptop , despite adjusting every known setting on the computer , and Googling for solutions -LRB- others have experienced this problem -RRB- , the mouse has the one characteristic you do not want in a mouse
 I see now that the price of this thing has gone down dramatically . There are certainly good reasons for that ! Let me tell you what i 've learn from three month of trying to use this presenter/mouse . I do a lot of presentations all over the world . I keep trying presenters or `` clickers '' because they make a big difference to my ability to exercise more control on the presenation.I paid handsomely when this first came out as the combination of a bluetooth mouse and a presenter was really tempting . As a mouse it turned out ok . Even though it is compact , most of the controls , especially the wheel and the main click buttons are comfortable -LRB- not the little ones though -RRB- . The mouse is quite precise . The laser is quite powerful as it is driven by two AAA batteries rather than a smaller clock type battery.However as a presentation tool it turned out to be a disaster for me . I have run into several problems that in front of a large audience could completely ruin the presentation . Push the wrong button , the presenter switches to mouse , and before you know it slides start jumping , video clips are launched before intended , and so on.How this might happen ? While doing a presentation with this item one can inadvertently switch mode of the device from presenter to mouse . Mouse controls are at the top of the device and the presenter 's at the opposite side . One can switch modes back and forth using a toggle button on the mouse side which is facing downwards -LRB- palm of the hand -RRB- when the device is used as a presenter.Because of the location of that control you might press accidentaly that button with the palm of your hand when holding it in your hand . When that happens everything goes haywire because the mouse buttons activate instead of the presenter buttons and take control of the computer . I will let you imagine in just how many different ways things could go wrong in your own presentation in a situation like this . Likewise , one can inadvertently open the battery cover while holding the device as a presenter because the release button can also be pushed accidentally.Both things happened to me and to other high level executives while we were making high stake presentations , causing a bit of panic . We rapidly switched back to our tried and true clickers as we could not tame this presenter.Yes , things can go wrong with any clicker . However I think that the design of this particular one puts it in a class of its own to cause confusion.So buy at your own risk ! nice idea but confusing to use .
 I was thrilled when I first got this mouse and then my enthusiasm waned quickly . My major complaint was how fast it goes through batteries . I have spent more in AAA batteries in the past three months than I did on the mouse . My second problem is that it seems to switch modes if left unattended for a few moments . I will get up from my computer and when I get back - even less than a minute later , it is on Presentation Mode or Magnify Mode . It also was not a smooth mouse and it was difficult to do tasks that needed to be very accurate , like photo modification or graphics.The laser pointer was cool , though.I just would not recommend this product unless you have very light mouse use and want it almost entirely as a secondary mouse for presentations .
 I bought one of these and the battery door latch broke the first time I had to open it to replace the batteries . I taped it shut , but there is n't a way to really keep the batteries in for any period of time . Basically it was a waste of money . I 'm out shopping for a new one . : -RRB-
 Bought the mouse as a replacement for the MS Notebook mouse 4000 , which I had interference problems with but was otherwise a great mouse . I hoped that being bluetooth , this mouse would have a better connection . After a long conversation with Microsoft support , I 'm sending it back on their Money Back guarantee program because :1 . Using the internal bluetooth receiver in my Dell laptop , the signal is so choppy the mouse is barely usable .2 . I could n't get the supplied bluetooth dongle to work at all on XP . According to MS it 's not compatible with a laptop that has an internal bluetooth receiver.As mentioned a number in a number of other reviews the software and documentation are shocking.As a replacement for this , I 've bought the Logitech VX Nano and so far it 's a MUCH better choice . Perhaps MS should see if Logitech could write them some drivers for their hardware products ...
 This mouse pad is made from a thin piece of pressed aluminum and my one does not sit perfectly flat on the table -LRB- not a solid aluminum plate like the Razer exactmat -RRB- . Certainly not in the same quality and solidness like a Razer exactmat . The kids will easily damage this mouse pad . Not worth the $ $ imo
 So I received mine a couple days ago . My buddy has has one of these for a good 6 years or so , and I was looking for a new gaming mouse pad so I figured I 'd pick one of these up . The only problem is , its missing probably the most important part . The plastic film type material that goes over the top that picks up the mouse movement is n't even on there ! All it is is the black material on top and its sorta of slick cardboard feeling . It wont pick up any mouse I use with it . I looked at my buddies and his has that thin plastic film type material on the top that picks up the mouse movement and response perfectly , and mine is missing that . VERY DISSAPOINTED !!!
 i 've used the original version of this paper for a long time.it was great
 Like others here , I 've been using this product -LRB- or , I should say , this product number -RRB- for years . It provided very good handling of photos and text for a relatively lightweight , 2 sided paper . Yes , there was some variability in print density from one batch to the next , but it was easily dealt with.I just bought a new package , same SKU as before -LRB- Q1987A , made in Germany -RRB- but the product inside is completely different ! A distinctly yellow white vs. the previous brilliant white and a sort of stippled `` gloss '' surface -- really more satin than gloss . Also , the ink pickup is a LOT lighter than before , requiring that I crank up the density adjustment on my computer to the max just to get decent-looking text.This new product is not acceptable.Out of desperation , I tried some Office Depot private label gloss brochure paper . After some fiddling with the print profile , it printed much better than the `` new '' HP - - actually pretty close to the old HP.Traditionally , HP has been the gold standard for inkjet papers . -LRB- Their Premium Plus Photo is certainly my favorite in that department . -RRB- This disaster with the brochure paper is just bizarre . I 'd love to hear their explanation .
 I have used HP brochure/flyer paper for about ten years and I just ran out . I bought what is supposed to be the same product , same number , weight , brightness etc and IT IS HALF AS GLOSSY AS BEFORE and not at all the quality of the previous great product . I will have to see if any other company has brochure paper since I will not buy HP again !
 I bought this paper thinking it was the same as the older version and it was not . It was not even close . I still have sheets from my old box and when those ran out I put in the new sheets and was shocked at the difference . The pictures were not as bright and crisp the paper is not nearly as good of a quality as the older stuff and not nearly as white . It is more of an antique white and trust me , it makes a huge difference . Do n't buy this paper if you want your projects to turn out well . I will be searching for a new brand .
 Graphics are flat compared to the paper I used to get and if you print two sided in an HP duplex printer , it jams everytime .
 I thought that I had discovered some of the older stock of this paper . The photo shown is that of the box cover that had the much better paper . HP 's newer version , is awful , both in paper color and texture . Will buy plenty of this when they return to the original product . From what I have read , many others are not happy with this.This is a problem for HP , NOT THE SELLER , though they are responsible for posting the correct box cover and description .
 I like the paper itself , but was surprised that the box had come without any shrink wrap and was already open . I do n't even know it it was a full box , as I was not about to count every single sheet . And I was just to lazy to go through the process of returning it and risk getting another one in the same condition . All I can say is , I wo n't be ordering from this vendor again on Amazon .
 We 've had these phones for about six months and the battery life on one is about two minutes and the other is about four minutes . I 've had plenty of phones that have ni-cad batteries so I doubt that they have developed these memories from short phone calls . Makes me wonder if they are factory seconds that got shipped unmarked .
 Granted , the sound on these phones is good . However , what good does that do you when the ringers are so low , you do n't hear them ringing ? There is no base ringer and although they give you 6 rings to choose from , none of them are any louder then the others.This system is very basic ... no frills . I would advise against buying this phone .
 Within a couple of days of installing the phone - the handset stopped working , essentially making the phone unusable . Amazon promised to replace it but only if I waited for two months .
 While someone else said they live according to recommendations by CU , I live by the accumulated reviews of products by customers on Amazon and other sites . There are always a couple of negative experiences on ANY products , but I should have read more closely the negative reviews on this one . My major complaint is that other people could n't hear me talk ! I heard them fine , but several people told me they could barely hear me . I used other phones on the line and had no trouble , so that was n't it . There 's little more frustrating.Although some of the `` features '' come close . It 's true there are three clocks to set , each separately ... what a pain . And entering items in the directory IS tedious . THe handset IS uncomfortable -LRB- almost impossible -RRB- to hold between your head and shoulder . I would live with these bad design features but the volume issue killed it for me.I thought I was safe with AT&T ; -- after all , a company with a HUGE reputation , right ? Apparently I 'm old enough that the heritage of good though expensive service has passed . Extremely disappointing .
 I bought this phone from a major retailer , and was sorely disappointed . I can handle the 3 clocks -LRB- I just do n't set them , the handset gets automatically set , and I do n't use the voicemail -RRB- . The phone was very quiet -LRB- I have it turned all the way up and sometimes still ca n't hear -RRB- . I also had the ` no connect ' problem , about 2 weeks after owning the phone . Not only that , but here recently the phone has n't been receiving calls at all . I 've missed some important calls due to this -LRB- I use vonage , so I can see when exactly they called , and the phone did n't have it in the CID , nor did it show up with the ` new messages ' light -RRB- . Overall this phone is of very poor quality .
 I bought this in May 2005 and thought it OK until I realized that the display was deteriorating rapidly . Apparently the plastic is reacting to the sun screen and bug deterrent I put on my face and ears .
 I live my life by the guidance provided in the leading consumer magazine . Unfortunately , it was dead wrong in this case . When the phone worked -LRB- about 2 mos . -RRB- , its range was very limited -- much worse than the ancient GE phone it was bought to replace . Then , he handset just stopped working -- it permanently indicates that the battery needs to be charged.This phone bites -- I strongly recommend not buying it .
 This phone with answering system was very easy to use , but the poor quality of voice sound made it fail the most basic test . I typically love talking to friends and family on the phone , but during the few days I used this phone the voice sounds were so annoying I could n't wait to hang up.An additional missing feature is what I now know is called `` chain dialing . '' This feature allows you to use several memories in sequence . My older AT&T ; phone allowed this without any special feature beyond having several memory locations . Without this capacity , using a long-distance phone card that requires an access number plus a PIN number prior to dialing the number of the person you 're calling becomes arduous .
 This phone would be great IF it had a better antenna . This is my second Sony Ericsson phone on Cingular . Both phones drop calls and fail to pick up a signal when everyone else 's phone does . I called Sony and they said that they were unaware of the problem . To demostrate the problem , I have taken my friend 's Nokia 6010 and my phone inside a local Walmart . Her phone has a signal , mine says `` No Network '' . Both phones are on Cingular . I used to think that Cingular was the problem , but it is actually the T616 .
 This phone is useless outside of a quiet room . Do n't bother calling anywhere from a sidewalk -- especially if the wind 's blowing . I ca n't tell you how many people have said , `` it sounds like you 're calling from behind an airplane , '' or `` where are you ? at a concert ? '' . Oh , yeah , and the camera 's weak , too .
 My main problem with this phone is the `` pocket dialing '' nuisance . They could have made it easier to lock the keys so you dont end up redialing over and over again unknowingly.Secondly , the camera picture quality , when compared to other models is poor . Even with the `` low light '' setting , it takes very poor photos.And the most annoying is the volume . The ringer volume is good , but the receiver volume is poor . I wouldnt recommend this camera .
 Pretty good phone , but if I had a choice in choosing I would n't pick it . Only because it 's kind of small , elegant true , but the buttons are kind of hard to press and `` squeaky '' the joystick is alright but I prefer my Nokia N70 , it 's easy to use and has a large screen , also it 's fun because it has features , I can make mini videos and the camera is excellent , There are better sony erricsson phones out there !
 Pos 's
 I have been using this phone for over a year now . the battery is great . I never have that much talk time in all my previous phones . the bluetooth earpiece is great too especially with the voice dialing . in the other hand bad reception -LRB- not like nokia , they are the best -RRB- . I used to be with AT&T and after the became part of Cingular i thought we ganna have better reception ... the only thing changed is they offer bad custmer services and less flixable plans ...
 First of all ... I am a current Cingular customer . If you never have to call them up , you will be fine . They have messed up my automatic bill pay numerous times . Each month , after it is fixed and they assure me that next month will work , I have to go through the process again . The thing that really got me was when I needed to modify my plan to give myself more airtime , I needed to renew my contract . When I signed up , my contract stated that I could change my plan at any time with no obligations . Cingular 's response was that in the lengthy contract , there was fine print that allowed them to CHANGE THE CONTRACT AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO THE CUSTOMER !!!! All I have to say to that is wow . I will never get cingular again after my contract runs out .
 My review is on Cingular . I bought a phone w/service and was told I could return for full refund and only charged for any air time used . THEY LIE . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK IN MY AREA AND I CANCELLED THE NEXT DAY . THEY ARE CHARGING ME FOR ACTIVATION even though it never worked in my area . If you are uncertain you will keep the phone and service , DO N'T BUY from Cingular . Amazon will also do nothing to reimburse .
 The phone sucks big time !!! I do n't know why they have the camera in it , at first place . . The camera is useless . . AT&T also sucks . . I had to leave the county and wanted to unlock my phone . . They do n't do that for you . . Whereas T-Mobile unlocks the phone for you after you are with them for about 3 months . . Cingular & AT&T both suck big time . .
 i hate this phone . i hardly ever had service when i used it . sometimes the buttons wouldnt work so i had to take out the battery and put it back in to get the phone working again . and sometimes it would just go into cingular extened .
 While it sounds like this phone has horrible reception , it actually appears to be a design flaw in the receive side on the phone line . Either way , you get to listen to static -LRB- other people hear you fine -RRB- and this is the worst sounding phone I 've ever heard . Avoid this phone at all costs as it is much worse than the discount cordless phones you see from time to time.Good ergonomics though . Hopefully Target will take this back.Jason
 This phone is a piece of junk . Reception is terrible . The ringer only works half the time . I returned it and purchased a 2.4 GHz Virgin Cordless for a third of the price .
 I did n't find the reception as bad as the sound quality . It has 4 volume settings and if you are speaking to someone with a soft voice , forget trying to hear what they are saying to you . I usually have to switch to my GE 2.4 GHz phone in my bedroom and then I can hear fine . I would love the phone if I could hear what the caller was saying . P.S. I do not have any hearing problems though this phone makes me question that !
 This phone might as well be a cell phone . It has the quality of a cheap one when it comes to reception and how the other end of the phone hears me . I 'm going back to a cheap 900 mhz phone . Everyone I know who has one says they work great .
 With the volume turned all the way up to 4 , I can barely hear the person I 'm talking to . I had similar problems with my previous GE -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- , but this is even worse - even adding a headset turned up to its full volume did n't help . Otherwise the call quality is really clear , but what 's the point if it 's too quiet ?
 This phone 's quality seems fine , but it only has earpiece volume settings that go from 1-4 and the 4 is n't very loud . Sound quality was ok , not great . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I do n't recommend this phone .
 this phone had horible reception and had a lot of static on the conversation
 Bought a used GE Atlinks 25898GE3-A . The phone seems to be well designed except for one critical issue . The top and right side control buttons on the base unit do not work . Pressing the day & time set buttons or the message play & volume buttons results in no activity or tactile feel . Being an electrical design engineer , I dissassembled the base to find that the plastic buttons once had rubber cushions between them and the actual electronic snap switches . This is a common practice in consumer electronic products . The rubber cushions had completely decomposed into a black sticky goo . Apparently , the buttons ' rubber cushions were molded from a vastly inferior material ! This failure mode results in the phone base being little more than a charging cradle for the cordless handset since you can not set the day and time or play messages on the base unit for the answering machine . This does not speak well for the `` world quality '' of GE Atlinks consumer products .
 Since everything has been said before , I can only agree with majority of reviews . This phone is a total rip-off .
 The phone gets lousy reception . It has this huge thing that plugs in to any electrical outlet and the phone jack . The actual phone does n't have to be near the phone jack . We 've replaced the battery several times in about a year . I 'm looking around for a different space-saving phone .
 Like another reviewer , this phone did not have any range , gets static-y if you get more than twenty feet away , but was tolerable . The bad thing is that it worked fine for a year , then after that the answering machine went all wonky , and would cut off in the middle of a message , then the buttons began to fail . When we pushed in a button , it would go in deeper and deeper until we had to use a screwdriver to push it.Finally , the answering machine stopped working all together , it would take messages , but we could n't press the button to play OR delete , so the machine is full of messages we ca n't even listen too.I think you have problems with every phone , but I do n't want to buy a phone for $ 80 + every year , that 's ridiculous!I ca n't even recommend anything , but I do say check out Uniden . Still , very frustrating because phones cost so much . Tread carefully and buy them for features you really plan on using .
 I do n't want to ever think about my phone , I just want it to work . This model is the opposite of that -- it 's a long series of frustrations.TERRIBLE SOUND QUALITY
 The only thing positive about this phone is it 's looks . The battery life is terrible and we even charged it properly by letting the phone drain and then re-charging . Once the phone beeps , you better run to the speaker phone as you only have seconds before it shuts off . Unless you like to do a lot of running , I would stay far away from this phone . And yes , the buttons are slowly , one by one , not working . If you press it just right after several tries , it will shut off .
 Good features on this phone system , the speaker phone is really great and the power-outage battery backup on the answering machine is really nice too . However , the buttons on the handsets stop working after 12-14 months making the phone unusuable . We have had this happen on 2/3 handsets . This phone is going in the trash , I 'm replacing with a Panasonic .
 We bougth this phone almost a year ago and I absolutely HATE IT . The battery dies even without using it -LRB- in all thre phones ! -RRB- , it is always `` searching ... '' for signal even beside the base ! which causes you to loose communication . A lot of times , while on a call , the phone rings and displays the `` incoming call '' message , which has the same effect as the previous problem . NEVER got a satisfactory answer from Motorola . I just keep it because we are so angry that we spent around 280 USD for an entire system for our home . I am amazed to have found good reviews . DO N'T BUY IT
 The phone did not work correctly from day one . Trying to get help from Motorola 's 800 number proved a waste of time . I lost the receipt from Target so now I 'm stuck with this junk .
 I really love the look , feel and features of this phone . However , it 's going back tomorrow because it sounds like I 'm call people with a tin can on a string . There 's no way to change the channel this phone uses and the manual does not have a section for troubleshooting problems of any sort .
 I thought that the Motorola name meant something . This is the most expensive and worst phone that I have ever owned . The list of problems is long , including a useless extra handset , phone turns itself on , so you do n't know if anyone is trying to call you . The answering machine never has the right day of the week . It takes forever to listen to your messages . I contacted Motorola , and got no response . Please do n't buy this phone , I 'm sorry that I did !
 We bought this phone about 8 months ago and thought since it was Motorola that it would be a great phone . This phone is horrible . The buttons on one of the phones do not work and you can not hang up the phone -LRB- which is horrible when telemarketers call -RRB- . Now we are having trouble just talking on it . The reception is horrible and it periodically cuts off your call . I thought is was a freak incident but others have complained about it also . I am very dissappointed in this phone . Save your money and buy some other brand .
 Buyer Beware ... read reviews and search the web for info before you purchase . Great features , but not worth it if the volume is weak , tinny sound and uncomfortable bump design against ear.Battery does not last long either . Hopefully motorola will redesign after receiving enough returned phones and bad reviews .
 Do not buy this phone . I bought it because I thought Motorola was reliable & I liked the look . There is static on the line -LRB- changing the channel does help -RRB- & the person on the other line has a difficult time hearing me . But the worst problem with this phone , just like the other complaints , is the battery life & it seems like it has gotten worse . If the phone is off the charger for 10 to 20 minutes the phone will go out . My old Panasonic telephone was much better . I will throw this one out & purchase a new one after I do my research .
 We spent a few weeks researching options we wanted for our new telephone system by reading manuals in the product boxes . We purchased this Motorola system as it seemed to have what we wanted . But , after 28 days of ` forcing ourselves ' to use it , we returned it to Target.I wish I could give it a higher rating because it has sooooo many positive features BUT the reception was horrible !!! 95 % of our using it was done inside our house . When talking on the phone the incoming voice would fade in and out -LRB- no matter what we tried to change it -RRB- or the connection would be crackling . When we would listen to recorded messages they were the same or extremely garbled . We had other family members and friends try it while visiting and they had the same experience.We purchased the AT-T E2600B Cordless Answering Machine System with 2 cordless handsets , each having speakerphones in handsets and base . Now I 'm off to write a 5 star review on the AT-T -LRB- of course we purchased this at Target !!! -RRB- .
 I bought this phone for my mom to replace her not so old Panasonic analog phone which didn &#146; t work well from day one . I choose to replace it with this Motorola because the price seemed good for the features I was getting with it , and I have owned a few Motorola cell phones in the past that worked well for me . My mom and I have been testing out this phone for close to three months now , and we are definitely going to be returning it before the three month return policy window ends . The phone really just doesn &#146; t work as well as it should . I agree with the previous reviewers , one of the worst things about the phone is the amount of static present most of the time . In addition some of the phones features , like the private phonebooks on each handset , really become more annoying then beneficial . To replace this phone I bought a new model from Southwestern Bell , the GH4152 . It comes with almost all the features the MD481 has , but I bought it for $ 40 less and it seems to be working great so far . Thank G-d for Targets return policy , otherwise my mom would be stuck with this peace of junk .
 I had to purchase a new set of cordless phones since my others were dying on me after a few years . I picked this up at a BJ 's , as I liked the features and the form factor . Big mistake . First , the battery life is awful . But worse , there are times that in the middle of the call the phone just resets . I was on an important conference call for work and the battery died with about 10 seconds warning . The speakerphone is not loud , and sometimes I have trouble hearing when there is any background noise at all . STAY AWAY from this product . I wish I had read the reviews first ...
 Its a very useful phone , but battery didnt last long . It doesnt charge anymore . I have two handsets and one of them , some of the numbers dont work anymore . Sometimes people cant hear you talking even though im near to the base . Wouldnt recommend to anyone if you want a telephone that last more than one month .
 I bought this phone in March , the buttons stopped working in April , about 3 days after the store warranty expired . I called Motorola and had to send back my base unit and phone as well as one of the expandable phone I bought -LRB- making all other expandable phones in the house unusable -RRB- at my own expense . Now , seven months later , I have two phones that you ca n't press the buttons again , and need to find out if I spent over $ 150.00 on a phone I now need to replace after less than a year . The functions on this phone are wonderful , I love the ring tone . But this many problems in such a short amount of time are not worth it .
 This phone was a huge mistake ! While I agree with Kacie that the interface is relatively easy to use , after 9 months or so the buttons started to go out and , over time , they have failed completely on both handsets . $ 130 down the toilet . I have an el-cheapo Panisonic cordless that is over 10 years old and still works great despite the fact that it has been hugely mishandled over the years . In just one year these phones are useless , despite the fact that , they have been handled with kid gloves . I urge anyone considering this to also look at the reviews of the handsets themselves -LRB- Motorola MD41 -RRB- . Pages of people having the same problems with the buttons . What a joke . I live one mile from one of Motorola 's largest US offices . I 'm tempted to drop by and give them a piece of my mind !
 I love the features on this phone . That 's why it gets two stars , but the sound quality just is n't there even when you are standing right next to the base unit . Sometimes there is an echo -LRB- or tin can -RRB- effect which I thought might be due to a low battery . And I have also noticed the short battery life . With a fully charged battery you still get unclear sound . I 'm often forced to go pick up the corded phone for clearer reception .
 I could n't use it even a complete year . I have a unit with four terminals and after 14 months all the keypads from all the terminals were unusable . Very bad quality .
 I decided to invest in a more expensive cordless phone after buying numerous phones from chain stores that did n't last for one reason or another . I thought for sure this one would last after spending over $ 50 on it . Unfortunately , I 've only had this phone for a little over a year and already the buttons wo n't depress on two of the handsets and the batteries wo n't charge . I thought for sure this phone would last beyond a year and I would have gotten my monies worth . I 'm a single person and I have 2 handsets and both are giving me trouble . I now have to answer the phone using the speaker button and sometimes it takes me about 30 seconds to hang up the line when I 'm through talking . . I ca n't even use my call waiting feature anymore 'cause the flash button does n't work . . When it worked it was great . I love the speaker phone and mute features , but what good is all that when you ca n't even make a call in the first place?I 'm at wits end !
 I have 3 of these phones . . one with answering machine and 2 base/handset units . All 3 phones now have buttons that do n't work . . on one none of them work . I loved the phone the first year or two we had it . . but they are worthless now !
 Had this for 3 yrs. , replaced all batteries , 1 hand set is dead and hardly any buttons work . Hope I do n't need to call 911 the 1 button is not working . I will never buy a Motorola again . Look at something else .
 After 2 years , various buttons on all three of my receivers have stopped working . We can no longer answer the phone with two of the receiver -LRB- the `` on '' button does n't work -RRB- , but can dial out , with the exception of the 3 button . The 5 and 9 no longer work on the third receiver.The voice message quality -LRB- outgoing -RRB- was poor from the beginning - crackly , like a worn out tape -LRB- not what I expected for digital -RRB- . The range is acceptable , and reception was clear in every room of the house and outside in the back yard.Not a total loss , but I would n't buy this phone system again . I really do n't trust Motorola 's quality after using this product , so will be looking into other brands .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase.The features on this phone are ok , but dont expect the buttons to last beyond a year if you use it regularly . To begin with , the buttons have a squishy feel to them , which is not very comforting and now all the frequently used buttons on my phone are dead . I have to hit the OFF button atleast 15-20 times to end a call.Wouldnt recommend this , even to my worst enemy .
 I bought this phone based on the name and the features . The features are great but the battery life is very short and the warning beep before the phone dies sounds about 2 seconds before it dies . Stay away from this one . The features are worthless if the phone is always on the charger .
 the product box claims battery life of up to 5 days standby , without any use the most the battery lasted on a charge was 5 hours , this is without the phone even ringing . The Monitor mode did not come in clearly at all . there is a walkie talkie mode that I was never able to use even when following the exact directions . Our old 2.4 Ghz phone had excellent reception a half block away , this one did n't even make it out the door of the room without crackling and making it hard for the person you are calling to hear you , the speakerphone features are naturally even worse . I suppose there are a few good things , like the nice selection of ringtones and the fact you can name your handsets and have a shared phone book as well as a private phonebook for each handset and the base , and the backlit display is a nice color , I would trade it in an instant for a different phone though .
 I had a mid grade uniden expandable handset before this one but I decided to upgrade . I liked the look of the phone but any positive feelings were gone by the time I set them up . the phonebook is rediculous . on the uniden i could punch in the first letter and get a short list . with this motorola , I 've got to scroll through the entire phone book . Another thing is the power fades in just a few hours so I 'm constantly having to run for the other phone . One of the handsets has the fading in and out thing as well as the tin can effect . The most annoying part is that - after 6 months-I had to push the 6 button really hard to get it to enter and then the 3 and 9 followed . Now , none of them work ! I 'd give anything to have my uniden back !!!
 I have had 4 of these Motorola phones . In no time the buttons will not respond . Sent one back and Motorola replaced . Out of 4 . . only one will still work . Now out of warranty . Again , the buttons commonly used will go not respond in short time . If you need a phone longer than a year . . do n't but this one .
 We 've had this phone for almost a year now , only because it 's just too expensive to replace . The sound quality is just terrible . I 'm not sure about battery life , since we rarely keep it off the hook , so I ca n't speak to that complaint . I just know that I have such a hard time hearing or understanding people on any of these phones . This is a shame , because we have a single Motorola cordless that works so much better . I 'm in the process of searching for a new expandable set since I 'm just tired of dealing with this one .
 I wish there was a lower rating than 1 star , because this would get it . I also wish I had checked before buying , but I went to Best Buy with a specific phone in mind and they did not have it . I listened to a salesperson who recommended this phone -LRB- He said he had one himself -RRB- , and brother was that a mistake . That is the second time I have listened to a salesperson at BB and it is the last . If you have read some of the other reviews , you know the problems . My biggest gripe is the battery time . It is no more than a couple of hours on standby .
 This really was a horrible phone . My biggest complaint is that the battery lasted less then a day in some instances . You would charge it all night long and after a 5 minute call the battery would show 1/3 charge left . My old Panasonic would last for more than a week after one charge even with some serious talk time . This Motorola junk was returned within a week and I got a new Panasonic Dual Handset .
 This phone is NOT worth your time or money . I have had this phone for 6 months and I am going back to Panasonic . The answering machine breaks up the mesages , so that you can not hear them . The phone sounds like you are talking into a tin can and has constant static . The battery does not last more than 3 hours .
 I have had this phone and all of the extention phones for under one year now and I have one phone left that you can dial out from . The numbers 1 and 4 are starting to go out on the one phone I have left . I have to dial the number from the answering machine base and then pick up the line from another phone just to use them . They seemed really nice at first . I just thought my kids were breaking them . Guess not !
 Okay , I 've read the reviews and hope the rest of you thinking of purchasing this phone have as well . The basic advice , do not buy this phone or any other phone from Motorola . This phone as well as the MD41 have a keypad that WILL fail in about a year ; just past the warranty period . I have called Motorola and they will not claim responsibility for this issue . Other posts have said that they have gotten remedy from Motorola ; which is good for them , but now Motorola has stopped that practice . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR ANY OTHER PHONE FROM MOTOROLA !!!
 I thought this was a great phone when I first got it , but after about a year , the on/off button stopped working . I have the expansion phones and they are all doing the same thing . Save yourself some trouble and do n't buy this phone !
 I bought this phone specifically for the `` talking caller ID '' feature . I have children and ca n't always get to the phone to see who is calling . I liked the fact that this phone would speak the name -LRB- and not the number -RRB- of the person calling.However , it turns out that only local landlines with listed numbers have a name associated with them -- and it turns out that about 95 % of my calls -LRB- from cell phones , from non-local numbers , from unlisted numbers -RRB- come up without a name associated . So , for most of my calls , I hear the phone speak `` Wireless caller , number available '' or `` out of area , number available . '' But to find out what the number is , I have to go look at the phone ! I would have been better off buying a phone that speaks the numbers!And , unlike my -LRB- very low end -RRB- cell phone , the caller ID will not associate an incoming call with a name in your address book . So , you can add a name to a number to put in your address book , but the next time that person calls , the phone * still * will not speak the name -- it will speak the same `` unavailable '' listing it receives from the phone company.The talk time is also poor -- about an hour and a half with a brand new , fully charged battery.And this is just a personal preference , but I do n't like the fact that the answering machine only plays new messages -LRB- unless you do an extra button push -RRB- . With my old answering system , I got used to using the answering machine as a reminder -- I 'd have to listen to -LRB- and remember to deal with -RRB- saved messages each time I listened to my new messages.Also gets interference from the microwave and interferes with my wireless LAN -LRB- my fault for buying a 2.4 GHz , I guess -RRB- .
 I purchased this phone last year and so did an aunt of mine . I really like the fact that the phone announces the caller , and that is the ONLY reason I have not tossed the phone . People complain they ca n't always hear me ... even worse when i use voice enhance button ... I have a very old sony that has 10 times the clarity of this phone and I use that as my main phone . Forget talking if the microwave is on ! I also have trouble with clarity if I use it near the computer . My aunt has all the same gripes about her phone and when we call each other the quality is super bad ... I did n't even know she had the same phone until some time later ! I 'll let you know the next phone I get , probably a sony ... p.s. I paid 128.00 at Costco .
 I am a great fan of Panasonic phones but this is a very bad buy . Battery dies within 10 minutes you initiate the conversation .
 I have this phone and all of it 's features are good , but the phone itself is TERRIBLE ! There is so much static on the line I find myself walking upstairs to switch phones in the middle of a conversation . The instructions suggest you change channels if you incur static - have yet to find a channel that does not have static !
 I purchased this cordless phone two weeks ago and to date I have not been particularly happy in one regard -- audibility range . Whenever I call someone , the audibility goes from faint to loud , so I often miss what the other person is saying . I increase the volume but that does not often alleviate the problem . Similarly , the person on the other end , particularly if the individual is using a cell phone , has great difficulty hearing what I say . What 's up ?
 I was actually quite happy with the phone regarding features and reception , until this week ! Realizing that I have not heard the phone ring for a couple -LRB- ? -RRB- of days , I glanced at the base unit to see if everything was alright . There I spied no lights at all glowing . I checked the outlet for power , and then the power transformer from the phone - both were working fine . Re-read the instruction manual for any reset tips , but the base unit was dead . I have 3 other Panasonic phones in the house , but this model is the first dud I have ever had from this company .
 We bought this phone system knowing that Panasonic is a decent brand , but were completely disappointed . The phones have a terrible static noise and calls fade in/out . I looked in the manual for troubleshooting tips and it suggested moving the phones away from other electric devices , which I did , but it did n't help at all.What good are all the other great features if the basic reception is not there ?
 I bought this phone two weeks ago . Each time I tried pressing the talk button on the handset to place a call , I would get a message `` Try Again '' on the screen . So I am not able to use this phone . The worse is that the technical support from Northwestern is very poor . I tried to call them many times . I have not been able to get through . And they do n't answer messages I left there . I tried email . I got a reply after four days . But the reply is not helpful . Anyway , I am very disappointed with the phone and their services .
 the volume on this phone is not very good at all.I can not hear anyone very well . It is n't extremely user friendly either . This phone is fairly worthless because I can not use it at all because the volume is awful . What good is a 2.5 mghz phone when you ca n't even hear someone . The page is n't very load either . I rate my old 900 mghz phone better because at least I could hear someone talking on it .
 First , Xerox claimed that they support Windows 2000 Professional , which was totally bogus . The `` new '' driver for Windows 2000 on their website is the one for Windows NT4 . Tech support was the most imcompetent bunch I 've ever seen . I was told conflicting stories by 3 different reps. Then the last person I talked to stated that USB connection only works on Windows 98 , and does not work on WinME or 2000 . It was funny the person I talked to before that said Windows 2000 only works with USB connection . Oh , they DO NOT ship a USB cable with it . If you buy the damn thing , you have to run out buy your own USB cable , only to find out it does not work . This WorkCentre only functions as a walk up copier right now . I would advise any who are lured by Xerox 's cheap price and sales promotions to reconsider . If you look at the drivers on Xerox 's web site , it have not been updated since 8/1999 . I guess that is why Xerox is having finacial problem .
 First , Xerox claimed that they support Windows 2000 Professional , which was totally bogus . The `` new '' driver for Windows 2000 on their website is the one for Windows NT4 . Tech support was the most imcompetent bunch I 've ever seen . I was told conflicting stories by 3 different reps. Then the last person I talked to stated that USB connection only works on Windows 98 , and does not work on WinME or 2000 . It was funny the person I talked to before that said Windows 2000 only works with USB connection . Oh , they DO NOT ship a USB cable with it . If you buy the thing , you have to run out buy your own USB cable , only to find out it does not work . This WorkCentre only functions as a walk up copier right now . I would advise any who are lured by Xerox 's cheap price and sales promotions to reconsider . If you look at the drivers on Xerox 's web site , it have not been updated since 8/1999 . I guess that is why Xerox is having finacial problem .
 Product not as expected . Too tiny to even be cute . They easily fall off cork board . Can not hold much more than I small piece of paper . Overpriced !
 I bought this phone in mid 2005 . There were a couple of main reasons why I spent the extra money on this phone
 Bought this phone a few years ago . Thought it had a lot of nice features . Soon found out , it 's not all it cracked up to be.PRO
 Then again , she is a woman - like I even listen to them . One additional feature such as soundproofing would have been a nice touch . Other than that , it 's basic and travels well to the cayman islands .
 I got this binder for my wife , but she has been having a hard time washing the dishes and taking care of the kids when she is in it . I would n't mind so much , but her complaints are distracting me while I check the size of my pensions . I 'm going to try the flexible colored binders next .
 I use this binder for school to keep my papers organized and it is thrown in my backpack everyday . The binder is durable and sturdy but with one big problem . The rings develop gaps unlike what the description says . I do not open the rings by prying the rings open i use the opener tab . I thought i got a bad one so i bought another one only for the same problem to develop . I never had this problem with the durable line of binders the same company sells . I just think the overall quality is not worth the high price .
 Who has n't opened a looseleaf binder by the rings and not by the lever ? The mechanism should accommodate that , but because I tried to open this binder by the center ring , it is ruined , with a gap of more than an eighth of an inch which wo n't bend back despite all my efforts . It may still be useable if used to hold stiff cardboard reference materials , but thin sheet protectors need to be able to slide over all three rings.I am therefore disappointed with this binder .
 Initially I was very happy with this product . I bought this for my 11 year old son for school . It is very easy to open and shut the rings and the binder itself was nice and sturdy . However , only after 1 month of school , the bottom ring does not shut and the middle one now has a small gap . My son has to carefully flip each folder and notebook in the binder , which like most 11 year old boys , patience is a little difficult . Therefore , folders and papers are starting to get ripped . My son is careful with his property , he has not abused the binder . I will have to buy another binder and I am only one month into the school year . Very disappointed !
 Do not buy if you intend to use heavily - in class , etc. - cover easily separates from spine . Mine is now duct-taped together .
 Grey ? Black ? White ? Navy Blue ? WTF?This binder is rated `` one star '' for color selection . I 'll reconsider it 's score once it 's offered in appropriately gendered-colors such as
 I received a navy 2 '' binder but it was not the one shown in the description . Completely different brand and not the heavy-duty one that was advertised . Luckily Amazon customer service was very helpful and let me return it .
 I assumed this binder would be great for all the women I 've been collecting and would now be able to keep them in one place , right at my fingertips . So could someone please tell me why the heck this binder came pre-filled with MEN ???? I 'm as easy-going as the next time , but I 'm really not into men . And to top everything off , half of them are old guys who apparently do n't speak English . I really need some instructions on replacing this with a proper binder , and a translator . The one little Asian guy keeps whopping me up side the head with his cane and it really hurts ! This will seriously ruin my Saturday night plans unless Amazon or Avery gives me some assistance !
 Title claims it is a non-stick binder , but after cramming it with women , I found that many of the women did in fact stick to the binder and were not able to get out in time to go home and cook dinner . I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 I do n't know if I received a defective unit or if it is standard practice at Avery to provide shoddy packaging for their products . Lets just say , I think they forgot to put breathing holes in the shrink wrap . I will never . Never . Forget that smell.Avoid at all costs .
 This binder was ok for one or two women , but I could n't get it full without the arms and legs sticking out . If you want a whole binder full of women , you will be better off getting the `` Case-it Large Capacity 3-Inch Zipper Binder . '' You can fill it with women and the zipper keeps everything neatly inside . Walking around with a messy binder is just unprofessional .
 The phone looks great , however , looks can be deceiving . The handset hasan annoying echo and you can not adjust the volume . There are settings onthe handset for volume - high or low . The volume is actually loud andvery loud . This phone got great reviews and that 's why I purchased it.I may have to look for another brand - because now I 'm afraid all the NWBell products may be the same
 Pen broke while writing ink went everywhere ! Fountain and calligraphy pens are my favorites to write with but this set was the worst set I have ever bought !
 THIS IS HORRIBLE . horrible . do . not . buy . ink literally does not connect to the nibs correctly . you will end up with it all over your hands , exhausted and tired . really . do n't buy this .
 I fiddled with this thing for hours and did not make one mark on paper . It does n't seem like the tips are even connected to anything ... Seriously look for another set . Do not waste your time .
 I ordered three of these trays -LRB- as well as three letter-sized trays -RRB- to help my husband organize his home office . I was looking for something a little sturdier than the plastic trays , but not quite as expensive as those made of wood . When our order arrived a few of the trays were warped and did not stack well at all . The grooves did not line up and they balanced -- precariously -- on top of each other . I am certain that with any kind of daily use the upper trays would often end up collapsing onto the lower trays . We will likely be returning all of them , unless my husband decides he wants to try to bend them back into shape . I would definitely not recommend these for anything other than single tray use . In retrospect , paying twice as much for the wooden trays would have been the wise choice .
 This is a really great calculator while it works . They are an extremely handy if you have to make conversions from English to metric or vice versa . As a field scientist , I need a durable calculator and have purchased five of these for my self and my staff with mixed success . Two have lasted over a year , although one of them stopped working after about two and a half years of use . The other three did not last a year . For some reason the display begins to fail with all of the calculators I have had problems . I 'm currently looking for something very similar to this calculator that will last longer . Although they are very handy , their unreliability makes them a poor investment .
 no tear strip , gummed seal does not seal.I ordered the tear strip , supposed to pull it off and it seals.They sent the green gummed strip , cheaper , does not stick at all . Ca n't run it through a printer.All dried out.I did n't open for a while and then found that they sent the wrong one and even that one did n't stick.never again .
 These pens were leaking inside the package . I did n't want to hassle with sending them back . I 'm sure if you bought them at a store they would be fine as I 've used this brand before and like it but it seems this obvious this seller sent out a defective product .
 Product writes very well - just does not write for long . The amount of ink in the barrel of the pen is a lot less than it looks - 3 of the pens used so far -LRB- in 3 hours of use over a 2 week period -RRB- ran completely out of ink . For the price I am very disappointed in the product . I recommend you try another brand .
 These pens have lovely colors and I was hoping for fine but they are so fine that they 're difficult to enjoy in my case.I wo n't buy them again & do n't enjoy writing or printing with them .
 I love GEL pens in bright colors . I like these pens for how they feel and write , but have found if I do not use them continually , they ` dry up ' quickly and I am unable to get them to produce ink . This is an awfully expensive fine point for it to poop out so quickly . I have 3 green pens -LRB- favorite color -RRB- and 2 purple pens in my desk drawer that I can not use . And , I have tried several different techniques to get the ink flowing.On the other hand , although boring from the color-wheel perspective , the Pilot EasyTouch is a very durable pen and lasts forever .
 I have taken this phone back twice and still have the same problem , the battery does NOT hold a charge ! I ca n't be on it for more than 5 mins without it cutting out , and yes I do leave it on the charger all the time so it has plenty of time to recharge ! This has happend with two of the same phone !
 I loved this phone when I bought it 7 or 8 months ago , but now I am buying a different brand . The battery life is half an hour tops . I let it charge for a full day and it still wo n't last more than 30 minutes . There is a loud beep from the telezapper with incoming calls which I have had a lot of complaints about . I 've had better phones !
 Only problems have come along with the V-Tech phone that we own . We 've had it for under a year and the battery is already spent . The batery dies every hour , so the phone is useless now . The beep is also loud and bothersome . It 's a poorly made phone and I would go with a solid Uniden or Panasonic . I took a chance buying a V-Tech because it looked nice , but it 's by far one of the worst phones I 've ever owned .
 This phone has so much static ! I have used a 900mhz phone with less static . Also , callers hear a beep just before I say hello which is weird and the caller ID does n't always work when I am on the other line . The static is the worst part though .
 I do n't own this specific phone but was looking into it for the telezapper feature . I have a V-tech , and although I have ' t had any sound problems like I 've read about , I still would n't recommend it . My problem is that my phone seems like it ca n't hold a charge . I could leave it off the charger for 2 hours thenit would beep to get recharged . Of it would ring twice and have a dial tone when I pick it up . I even did n't have it for a year , and it started doing this . Piece of junk!Save your money on something that works !
 It looked cool in the store , but after bringing it home , it failed on so many levels . There 's so much static and interference that I typically have to call people back on my cell phone . This is one of the worst products I 've ever owned . I have used 900MHz phones that work better than this one . Even using it close to the base , it continues to fail . Honestly , I 've had better sound from 2 tin cans and a piece of string ! Do NOT buy this product .
 We were looking for a stylish phone with call waiting , caller ID , and an answering machine at a resonable price . This phone seemed perfect but it does not have the quality that the GE we purchased last year had . They had the same price with the same features . This VTech model does not have good sound and the caller ID does not always tell who out of town callers are .
 I did n't really need a new cordless phone , but I was excited by all of the cool features so I bought it anyway . I got it all set up , but when I tried it , it sounded `` scratchy '' on my end and also to everyone I spoke to . I had to return it . Too bad . It is a really cool phone . I did n't want to try another one because it is such a hassle to buy and return , buy and return ...
 Great idea , poor execution . Adding the tele zapper feature to the phone itself is what made this product attractive to me . But the sound quality is the worst I 've encountered . I 've owned several V-Tech phones and have been happy , but this one feels cheap , sounds cheap , and the answering machine sounds like Charlie Brown 's parents . I returned mine and bought a Panasonic 2.4 ghz combo phone which works great .
 This is an OK phone . I love V-Tech phones and bought this one for all the features . This was the first 2.4 ghz phone I bought , and will never buy one again ! This phone itself is great . Easy to use and fairly priced . The range is great , but the sound however STINKS ! Lots of interferance on my end . But like I said , I have only experanced it with 2.4 ghz phones . I ended up buying a Uniden 5.8 ghz that has wonderful clairity , but does not have the range for some reason !
 I have purchased 2 vtech 900mhz phones in the past and been very happy with them . So when a lightning storm killed my current phone I was on the hunt for a new one . I looked at the features on this phone and decided it was a good buy . After hooking it up I tried it out . I know now that the 2.4 ghz technology on this and some other models is no good . The high frequency transmissions were causing static at very short distances , never mind going outside . My old 900mhz would take me to the mailbox and back . After moving the base around the house and not getting good results I returned it . I am now looking into a 2.4 DSS phone or even another 900mhz if I can find one .
 I bought this phone under a year ago and the battery is already dead . At first i liked it but , as I quickly found out the battery does not stay charged , after a half an hour it dies . I do not recommend this phone , I am in the process of looking for a new phone .
 THIS IS THE WORST CORDLESS I HAVE EVER OWNED . LOUSY RECEPTION BATTERY I CA N'T FIND TO REPLACE WHICH DID NOT LAST VERY LONG . GO WITH UNIDEN MUCH BETTER QUALITY AND VALUE ...
 Do not buy this phone . After 2 months of using the phone , the battery life has deterioriated to 15 minutes of talk time - even after charging it all night . The answering machine is not user friendly . To remove a message , you have to do it before it ends .
 The description states that the phone has an answering system . It does not . It also has limited ringtone options making it very difficult to distiguish between the two lines . Other than that it 's great .
 Reception is terrible - lots of interference . Battery life is just awful . Lasted about 1.5 hrs when first bought , now , 4 months later , lasts 30 min . BIG WASTE OF MONEY .
 I bought this phone for my home office . I had a Panasonic I really liked , but it was lacking a mute button . Since I work from home , I spend quite alot of time on conference calls , using the speakerphone . I wanted to have a mute button so I could do things while listening . The speakerphone on this phone is AWFUL . It fades in and out , making it virtually impossible to hear what 's going on , even with maximum volume . Do n't waste your money !
 Phone looks nice on the box , but performance was awful .
 Low volume , constant static , extremely poor range . This phone is a waste of money .
 I bought two of these phones , after a month in one phone i had problems like , Static And button problem , and in the other one i am having the battery problem , i have to keep the handset on the base all the time.not worth spending $ $ $ for this Cheap phone , definitly not what expected .
 You get a lot of phone for 66 $ unfortunatly the sound quality is EXTREMLY poor.I have used Vtech products in the past and was always very pleased . Vtech needs to get back on track and stop trying to be a low price leader.skip this one !
 I 've had this phone replaced by VTech twice . The problem is that you ca n't hear on it for all the static . It works fine for about a month then the static starts . Before that the sound gets weaker and fainter each time you talk . My third phone also failed . I could n't hang up ! It 's a terrible phone . I bought it because it has all the features I need . So what , if you ca n't hear . I want a refund !
 I send this product to my sister in the Philippines because she has a grocery store . Unfortunately the barcode scanner died within 8 months from my purchase . The problem is I ca n't claim the warranty because it is outside USA .
 I AM SORRY TO REPORT THAT AS MENTIONED IN THE SPECIFICATIONS IT DOES NOT SCAN FROM A DISTANCE OF ONE INCH OR EVEN 1/2 INCH . MAY BE I GOT THE DEFECTIVE OR REPAIRED PIECE .
 Purpose was to make corrections to checkbook register so it looked `` neat '' as well as correcting after-the-fact typos . Puts down a thick cover which does conceal writing underneath BUT absolutely can not then write over , no matter what type of pen/ink used . Ended up having to attempt to pencil in corrections !
 I have n't used this product long enough to comment on its other characteristics , but I have to mention it has a peculiar unpleasant odor . There 's a typical chemical solvent smell , but alongside it is a sour milk smell that makes the product very unpleasant to use . I get the same bad smell from the Weiman Granite Wipes that we bought for our countertops . I 'll stick with Sharpie .
 I use fine or ultra fine permanent markers every day . I like how the fine point Marks A Lot pens write . They tip does seem to lose its shape a bit as they age , so the written line gets a bit wider . At first , I thought they might be my Sharpie replacements . That is not to be . I just went though a box of 12 in 2-3 months . Some only wrote for a few days . The same size box of Sharpies would last 2-3 times as long . Another thing that annoyed me was that I had to scribble on scrap paper to get them to write at full strength if I 'd stopped writing for a few minutes . I wasted time , ink , and paper doodling so they would write correctly .
 - Nothing really good to say here ... - sound quality ... - design - durability - everything.The phone we bought long before this still outshines and outperforms this design for us ...
 Do n't buy from Royalmailers.com . I bought the Digiweigh XP Series 36lb digital postal scale and it stopped working after about a month and I hardly used it . I left phone messages with Royalmailers and sent emails . No one answers the phone nor your emails . I 'm stuck with this piece of junk !
 I purchased a small scale from this comapany Degiweigh and was sent the wrong scale . I tried to contact them using their site -LSB- ... -RSB- and waited 48hrs without receiving a response . I wrote two more times and finally called Paypal . The best thing you can do is use paypal for these online transfers . First I 've been buying online for over 10yrs and should have known better for the red flags these BS company 's think go unnoticed . This site does not list a phone number for customer service contact . That has to be the # 1 biggest redflag Possible with an online company . Every company you deal with should and better have a telephone contact number or I dont care how good the deal looks . DO NOT BUY FROM COMPANIES THAT DO N'T LIST A TELEPHONE CONTACT NUMBER FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . If there is no phone number listed . That simply and obviously means ; THERE IS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE ! Lifetime warrranties and whatever is BS . Paypal customer service was very helpful and gave me their number -LRB- not that it helped because they still do n't answer any calls or return messages -RRB- . I just happen to be on Ebay still looking for a small scale that has the `` GRAIN '' mode which was important to what I needed this scale for -LRB- reloading ammunition -RRB- . I left that same message on the recording and just wanted to return the scale and have it replaced with the correct one I thought I was receiving when I bought he scale at their web site and paid for it through Paypal.When I saw DigiWeigh selling scales on ebay I filed a possible `` Fraud Alert '' with ebay which I will file again after I finish this . I finally got a reply from DigiWeigh after I filed the Ebay Fraud complaint . The DigiWeigh owner named Jeremy said to return the wrong scale and a new one would be sent.I have written DegiWeigh since the day the Postal Service Delivery Confirmation said he received -LRB- 12-3-10 -RRB- the returned scale . They still refuse to answer a simple inquiry as to whether the replacement scale has been sent ? I am not worried about my money because like I said , Paypal backs it up . If I dont get an email response in one more day -LRB- by Monday 12/6/10 -RRB- . Then , I will call Paypal and file the complaint and get my money back . All I `` ve wanted to do for almost a month is Buy a friggin grain scale ! buy one that will hopefully be the correct one and works . I even tried to write and tell them I would pay for the additional money for the one he had listed on Ebay . it had the correct modes I needed , primarily the grains mode . I didnt mind paying the additonal money but this seller never responded.I really believe this person running this business has serious mental issues that affect this business . the product looks ok but if the compaqny doesnt even answer their inquiries I dont care what kind of warranty they offer because its all BS in the end !
 I got this scale as a birthday gift , one of the better gifts I 've received -LRB- I prefer functional gifts , things that you need in life , i.e. windshield wipers or replacement electrical toothbrush heads -RRB- about 2 years ago . It worked great and was very accurate for a few months . I started to put its accuracy to the test by also weighing my packages on the Post Office 's Automatic Postal Machine 's scale and I found that this scale was not returning accurate weights . This scale would under weigh items and that is a problem when you are mailing packages , since the post office can return the item to you with `` not enough postage '' stamped over the postage you paid . The Post Office will not refund that amount either.Stay clear of this scale.P.S . God , Please create a scale that stays accurate , I beg you .
 I ordered and received one of these scales in December , 2006 . When it arrived , it worked but was somewhat erratic . A week or so later it just quit working entirely . As it was under warranty , I obtained an RA and sent it for repair -LRB- I had to pay shipping one-way -RRB- . The total cost of this wonderful scale had now risen to over $ 50 . Some time later , I received a replacement unit but this one was a different color than the one sent back . No big deal but , sure enough , a month or so later , the new one died as well . Amazon should cease selling these things . They are , without a doubt , the most cheaply made pieces of junk I 've seen since the `` Japanese Transistor Radios '' of the 1950s .
 Perhaps we got a faulty version , but there 's no ink in this pad ... If you wipe the stamp across the top , rather than pressing , you can get a very faint image . I would recommend looking for another ink pad .
 I bought these because they were cheap but the price reflects the quality . They rip easily and are very thin . You can see what is inside through the envelope . I would not recommend these to anyone and will never buy again .
 The picture shows an open envelope and it looks like a pretty nice thickness . You would think you could just slip your item inside , seal it shut and ship it ... not so ! Front and back are stuck together so you have to `` work '' the envelope open before you can put anything inside . The envelopes are also very thin and I had a few of them tear just when I was pulling off the strip to seal it shut.I 'll keep and use the envelopes I purchased only because it 's not worth the hassle of going through a return . I wo n't ever buy these again though .
 Well , caveat emptor , right ? My own fault for buying it ... DO NOT believe the photo , which makes it look like these are padded envelopes.I found this product by searching for PADDED envelopes -- so I might legitimately expect the item that comes up to be a padded envelope product -- and the photo with the opening `` up '' suggests this as well . But it is not . It is a flimsy bunch of paper thin envelopes secured in two 100-envelope bundles . The string securing the bundles is ALSO flimsy for that matter.Additionally , they are * just barely * the dimensions stated -- so they do not FIT those dimensions ; the contents must be smaller . FYI.We 'll see if they tear right to pieces the first time I try to use them.So far ... unimpressed .
 Beware . I am so mad this thing never worked right after the warranty ran out . I waste over $ 100 on this piece of crap . I have no where to store pictures until I can find a hard drive that works .
 looks like there was something wrong with USB part of the device , b/c hard drive started , but my computer did n't recognize the device ; I took out the hard drive , put into my own enclosure and it works fine .
 Did n't quite work out on my carpet ... rolling chair left indentations in the mat ... it never sat flat ... would have preferred a stiffer plastic .
 This thing does n't live up to what I expected from Hon. Light weight , cheap , wobbles . Came without drawer dividers . I got some very cheap ones a few years back from Walmart but this time I decided to pay more and get better quality . This one was better but not a whole lot more . Cost more but was n't as good as one I got at a local retailer a few months ago . Glad I only ordered one .
 Ordered for use at the library I work at , because it looked like it would be more reliable than the plastic ones . It jams all the time and breaks easily . Do not recommend , especially for high-frequency use .
 This seems like a great chair at first - but watch out !! The tip of your finger can become trapped and seriously pinched when the adjustable arm pivots inward unexpectedly . I thought I was going to see my fingertip lying on the floor ! I even checked for a product recall , because this is a very dangerous chair .
 This is probably the lowest priced inkjet paper on market . But the result is very disappointing . It is absolutely no better than any generic copy paper . It is shameful for Hammermill to market it as inkjet paper .
 THIS WAS SUPPOSE TO BE A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY HUSBAND . ORDERED IN NOVEMBER . THIS ITEM WAS DEDUCTED FROM MY ACCOUNT . I STILL HAVENT TO THIS DAY RECEIVED MY CAR MATS . I CALLED THE NUMBER LISTED AND STILL HAVENT GOTTEN ANY GOOD RESULTS . I WOULD RECOMMEND NOT ADVERTISING THIS COMPANY AGAIN . TOTAL RIP OFF . WHY WOULD YOU TAKE MY MONEY IF YOU HAVENT DELIVERED THE MERCHANDISE.YOU KNEW WHEN YOU TOOK MY MONEY ; YOU COULDNT DELIVER THE GOODS ; BUT YOU TOOK MY MONEY ANYWAY . BUT I WILL NOT LET THIS GO UNNOTICED . I WILL REPORT YOU TO THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU AND THATS A PROMISE . I HAVENT HESITATED BEOFRE AND I WONT HESITATE ON THIS ONE.YOU OUTTA TO BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF !!! BUT I CAN SLEEP AT NIGHT BECAUSE I KNOW NOTHING GOOD WILL COME TO RIPOFFS LIKE YOU . GOD BLESS !!! AND AMAZON PLEASE DELETE THIS COMPANY FROM YOUR SYSTEM BEFORE YOU END UP WITH A BAD REPUTATION
 I like the phone . It works great with a headset . However , we have been experiencing battery trouble and that really turns me off .
 Was not able to read had 2 of them & both the screen was bad when received
 The LCD display is dim and its resolution is so low . There is a blank horizontal line across the entire scree , making it difficult to read the text . They should use a much better display .
 bought these because they were pretty cheap and after i got them for a while they seemed like a great buy but after a few weeks they just stopped working and im pretty sure they didnt just run out because i didnt use all of them that heavily , no they just produce a weird colored oil substance that doesnt do anything but ruin what im working on
 Shredder does not work with 8 regular sheets of plain white paper . It has difficulty processing four at a time . After about 15 minutes of four-at-a-time shredding , the unit shuts down due to a thermal switch -LRB- to keep from overheating -RRB- . It takes about 20 minutes for the unit to revive itself . This is a good limited-duty shredder , but do n't count on it to help shred a boxful of papers .
 These have a gel filling that is a plastic solvent . My cyber gel squeeze ball got left in a box with an old cassette -LRB- remember those ? -RRB- and it melted the plasic into a semi-sticky stretchy plastic . As I type , I have a plastic residue on my hands that wo n't wash off . Wierd chemicals .
 This phone is slick looking but not functional . There is no speaker phone , no redial and not the easiest to use . Definitely not worth the money spent on it .
 This expensive corner desk is so poorly packed and shipped by Amazon that I had to get two of them sent to me just so that I could swap out the damaged parts from each package to come up with one good desk . Then I had to lug this thing to my local UPS store to ship back the damaged box of pieces back to Amazon ... what a pain !!! If you have to have this desk then try to buy it from a place where you can pick it up yourself , you 'll save your back a lot of pain and your mind a lot of frustration.In regard to the desk , note that it 's not completely reversible ... only the desktop and the shelves are reversible , otherwise everything is dark brown , not `` light oak '' . This is n't bad if you want a dark brown desk , but we ended up having to `` make do '' with an expensive desk that was n't exactly the color we wanted.oh well ... we learned a lesson here ... hopefully you 'll learn from our experience
 According to Webster 's definition , a dictionary should at leastcontain information about a word 's definition , etymology , andpronounciation . I 'm very disappointed that the MWD-1450 lacks thepronounciation key which will be very helpful to the user to learnthe correct pronounciation of the word of interest . I wish I couldbuy a `` speaking dictionary '' for my child instead .
 This electronic dictionary does not display pronunciation for the words that you look up . If learning the pronunciation is also important to you , you should stay away from this product .
 there are many bad points about this electronic dictionary.a -RRB- the thesaurus is terrible . when you search a word , it only gives you about 4 or 5 synonyms.b -RRB- the dictionary is also very poor . the definitions are not very easy to understand , sometimes it gives a rather stupid answer . for example , lets say you did n't know what the word ` indignation ' meant . you type in the word , and the definition will say something like ` to be indignant ' . hiw are you meant to learn anyting from that ?? at one point i got so fed up with this piece of junk i resorted to the trusty book-form dictionary . buy a book version instead ; this thing is n't worth half it 's price .
 I bought this to upgrade memory card for my Treo 650 which uses a SD/MMC card but the device did not recognize it . Multiple attempts to get the problem resolved with PC Universe or ATP electronics did not result in any satisfactory answer . May be the piece is defective but no one wants to take it back .
 This AM is a piece of junk , do n't waste your money . The best it can do is answer the call , make the caller believe they are leaving a message , cut them off in mid-sentence and then delete whatever was recorded so you have no idea if anyone called or not . Junk !
 Features like sound quality and message memory size are irrelevant when the answering machine fails to record messages . Unless the message is extremely loud , this unit fails to record normal volume messages , presumably because it believes them to be `` silence '' . Otherwise the features are alright . The price is low ; set up is straightforward ; the display shows how many messages are saved . As long as you do n't care whether messages are saved in the first place , go ahead and get this unit .
 I bought this for an older friend who found her print Bible too heavy to handle comfortably . It was small and the keyboard hard to use . The screen was dark and difficult to read . The only redeeming feature was that it was user-friendly in terms of being able to find scripture .
 If you are looking for high tech . then this is not for you . The display is not very easy to read in low light and there are only three short lines displayed at a time . Keys are very small for anyone with big finger tips , like most men . The unit performs well for what it was designed to do . It is easy to use and can be self taught .
 I bought this at a local bible book store . I was so pleased to see that it saved phone numbers and personal info on top of being an electronic bible . The bible portion of this unit is awesome . I could not ask for anything else as far as ease of use and convenience goes.I started saving various numbers and bits of info . and then I shut off the device and put it in my pocket.Later on I pulled out the electronic bible from my pocket and turned it on only to discover that all of the data that I saved in the device was gone . I was baffled at first but eventually I realized the problem . This unit is so cheaply built and is so flimsy that the device bends/buckles . When that happens it causes the batteries -LRB- 2 button style
 This planner is in a spiral bound extremely cheap cover and back . Flexible and could easily be damaged when in a bag with other books . The only thing I like about it is that it has only the months and it is not a weekly planner . The price is way too high for this dollar store quality that should n't be over $ 3.00 at the most . I am going to continue looking for one I like .
 This item arrived and was nearly twice the size as advertised ! It did not fit in the space I had in mind for it , so I had to return it . Amazon is great with returns , so it was n't a problem . BEWARE -- Do n't believe the dimensions , even if they are in the product name !
 I have owned one other stapler of this type , meaning it is supposed to be effortless to engage the stapling action , and it should work with bulk stacks of paper . In this case , I believe the description claims up to 25 sheets of paper . My test was 16 sheets.The other one I have , from a different brand , works more like an electric stapler in that it folds the staple prongs flat at the end of the action . This stapler has the common metal plate with two curved grooves that curl the staple inward at the end of the stapling action . The problem with this is that when you use the stapler for its intended purpose of fastening large stacks , the staple can only curl part way . Right away , on my first large stack , I got scratched by the exposed staple point that could n't fully curl in , and determined that it would likely scratch my desk and other things as well.That was enough reason to return the product , which I did , but it also took more effort than it should 've to engage the stapling action . In my opinion , spend the extra ten dollars on another brand or design that functions better .
 The PaperPro Prodigy Stapler -LRB- 118 -RRB- 's patented staple driving mechanism , that will drive a standard staple through up to 25 sheets of paper with one finger , was amazing to use , but quit working after 3/4 of a strip of staples . This was not a simple staple jam -- the internal mechanism broke!I never thought a person could get so excited about a stapler . The reviews sold it , and using it at home , stapling slicky sales papers for a bird , sealed my opinion.I was impressed with how easy it stapled . But now I 'm faced with the hassle of returning it . Bummer .
 I was pleased with this stapler for two days , when it suddenly no longer worked . I looked through the manual looking for troubleshooting ideas . Gave up and returned it .
 For nearly triple the price of a translucent green , cheap store stapler I bought in 1998 , I expected this stapler to offer me minimal effort to punch through at least 15 pages , and also securely fasten at the end . I was deeply disappointed.Firstly , the picture is not an accurate representation of the color of this stapler , it 's more fuchsia/purple than it is deep purple.Next , using regular office staples , the stapler got a jam -- gathering 2-3 staples at a time -- every 10 or so staple punches I did , so I had to open it each time and remove the jam.The final factor was that the effort to punch staples was almost double that of a regular stapler ! You also can not stand it up on its edge , which is a natural way to pick up staplers nowadays . It also does not have the ability to staple with the bottom lip down , so that you can punch onto a bulletin board , for example.Buy a different brand is my recommendation .
 I did not purchase through Amazon but since I buy most of my products here I thought I 'd try to save someone from making the same mistake I made.Like most staplers , this one jammed often and then just stopped working . Unfortunatley , it was within the first 10 staples . I returned the product and the replacement is doing the same thing.I believe the spring design that holds the staples into place is flawed and therefore creates the problem . When you load the staples in and push the assembly closed , it locks into place but unlocks when you fold the stapler back over to use it . There is a big plastic casing that prevents you from keeping this locked for `` stapler mode '' so the product is rendered useless , unless you need a $ 20 paperweight and then it would probably work great.This company probably makes other great products but this one needs a little work .
 YOU WOULD THINK FOR THE PRICE IT WOULD LAST . I USED IT ALMOST EVERYDAY FOR THE LAST 1-1/2 YEARS AND IT JUST STOPPED WORKING . I AM TRYING TO GET MY MONEY BACK , BUT I WILL NOT BUY THIS ONE AGAIN !!!!!
 Been taught that if you cant say something good , say nothing . OK , one word , JUNK .
 I needed an inexpensive basic phone which would work during a power failure . The one I received can receive calls and the sound quality is OK , but I can not make outgoing calls because only the `` 1 '' button works . If the outgoing dialing had worked , I would have rated this a `` 4 '' based on its value . But since it does not , it is rather useless and the low price is not worth the hassle and expense of dealing with an RMA .
 Hand set came without visable damage however when the battery was placed inside all the phone did was blink . could not get a dial tone got an error message that stated the phone could not connect . I WOULED LIKE TO SEND IT BACK .
 At the time that I bought the Oregon Scientific WW338 , I was looking for an alarm clock . When I found this one I thought , wow an alarm clock , cordless phone , AND weather station . And on top of all that , I was impressed that it was an Oregon Scientific ! Well , unfortunately I 'm disappointed with all four details of this product.First , the very small alarm clock does n't light up unless you hit the button on the top -LRB- if you can find it in the middle of the night -RRB- . When I do want the light , it 's a dim blue which makes it hard to see the numbers . This was a major disappointment for me because when I wake up , I like to roll over and look at what time it is . Also , as I said it is a Very Small alarm clock so it 's hard to see from any distance . As far as setting alarms , I even wrote out the directions on a sticky note and I keep it on this product at all times!Second , the cordless phone is too short and uncomfortable . When I use the handset , I wonder if I should have the small speaker next to my ear or the other speaker next to my mouth because I ca n't have both due to the shortness of the handset . Also , I find myself shifting the handset around my ear to hear conversations . I do not call out from this handset because some of the numbers do n't read when I touch the keypad and so the call does n't go through.Third , the weather station is n't accurate a lot of the times . And for some reason , it `` goes down '' at times so the entire system needs to be reset . When this happens , have the manual handy!Fourth , this Oregon Scientific product is now made in China and you can tell as soon as you take it out of the box . This was a major disappointment for me as well!If you decide to purchase this product , my recommendation is to keep the manual next to it .
 Does not light up . You can only read it at certain angles . Concept is great , the product is not .
 Have had this phone for several years and found it quite difficult to set . Our electricity goes off frequently , when it does the temperature goes to Celsius , the alarm starts going off , very difficult to figure how to permanently stop this . Also more complicated then it should be to set the time . Now the LCD display is unreadable , I had the battery checked and found it to be good so do n't know what is wrong , nothing in the instruction manual address this problem . It has good features if they only worked better it would be a good phone .
 I liked the idea that it has the phone and alarm clock , The bonus is the weather station . The phone works well and the alarm is n't too annoying but the alarm for the humity -LRB- on coming rain -RRB- will go off in the middle of the night . That is not the best . The other thing is that you can not see the time at night unless you touch the snooze bar .
 The Oregon Scientific phone works great , once you go to Radio Shack and replace the batteries - the ones that come with the handset do n't charge and do n't work ! So , the phone ended up costing me an extra $ 15 to make it work . I have n't contacted the manufacturer yet , and I 'm sure all they 'll offer me is a new battery instead of the $ 15 . Beware .
 7 months after purchase the unit displays innacurate outside temp . Needs to be reset constantly . Has new batteries . Says its 51 degrees outside . Actual is 17 degrees . Dont buy it .
 One phone didnt work out of the box . The other phone doesnt work very well . The company oregon scientific no longer sells or makes these phones ? There is no need to ask why ... The phone looks nice but that is about it !
 The phone had a static that made it unusable . Also the clock in the dark was unable to read . When the snooze depressed the light came on as a back ground light and made the time unable to read.The unit was returned for these reasons .
 Very hard to program , I bought it in Dec. it is May and the phone will not work at all . Buttons had seemed sticky . Hard to push . base has correct time date and weather seems right on but phone itself will not register . Tried their website but no phones listed . Their projection light clocks are wonderful I have 2 but stay away from this phone .
 My unit has never worked as a phone and only worked intermittantly as a weather station . It only ever received a signal from the outside monitor for about a week , then nada!A complete waste of money - buy something else
 I am now on my second unit , and it has again broke . The first time the unit just did n't work , so I got a replacement . Now the LCD screen and speakerphone have both died . I highly recommend you do not purchase this product.This is a great concept , but the temperature reading are way off and the weather forecasting doesnt seem to work at all . It says it is supposed to rain , but the weather forecast is for sun all week .
 Got this via amazon . liked phone but temp . reading were way off . Planned of returning for new one but good ol amazon said not available -LRB- even though still selling them but at a slightly higher price -RRB- . Will be returning but not sure if want to mess with untill know if can count on accuracy .
 I , unfortunately , purchased this as a gift . It has lead to nothing but headaches . There are two major problems with this product
 I ordered this telephone on May 2nd , that is 20 days from today . When I was buying it , it read on the site that it would be delievred in 1 or 2 days . When I received my confirmation e-mail it read that it would be shipped between May 14 and May 21 , that is 12 days later . Today May 22nd , and 20 days later it has not even been shipped . I have not been able to try the telephone due to logical reasons , but I dont recommend it to anyone . What is the use of it if you cant get it.UPDATE
 After viewing the review for this phone , I have changed my mind about ordering it since the one buyer has/had so much trouble simply receiving his order , sounds like fraud to me . The rating of one star is for the phone itself , but i would give the seller a zero rating .
 The first one I received was dead on arrival and I returned it . The screen is extremely difficult to read . Contrast settings are available , 1-8 . It is not visible at all on the lower settings . On 7 or 8 one can see the readout but the background of rows of `` 8 '' 's also becomes darker making it very difficult to decipher the information on the screen , i.e. 888888888888888 is seen on each row . On the loudest setting the volume is only fair .
 This piece of crap did n't work straight out of the box . Obviously quality control is not a priority for this Chinese manufacturer of trash ! What else is new . Buyer Beware - You get what you pay for with this JUNK .
 This phone looks nice enough . The price is very good , but you get what you pay for . The phone has a very bad echo and very sluggish delayed response for the person at the opposite end . You can hear your q & a being echoed thru the opposite side of the conversation . Makes for an awkward talk . I knew what I was purchasing when I bought it ; so I 'm not upset . I bought this land line phone to use with my Majik jack , and that was horrific to say the least , so I though let me plug her in to a rj45/standard home phone jack and it was worse . The only thing I could do was laugh it off . I gave it to my middle grandson to toy about with it . All in all ; not a complete waste .
 the id screen is not lit . need to use a flashlight when the room is dim . then , if not angled right , the readout is not legible . phone does not display caller id most of the time and instead notes a message error while ringing . i disconnect and reconnect the phone line to make it work again . this is almost a daily chore . a new , different phone is on my wish list .
 This phone works fine , however the caller ID does not work . When someone calls the screen simply stays blank . Since this is only the kitchen phone and I only use it to answer the phone right away when Im standing next to it or to make a quick call , I do not consider it a big deal . I can live with that . However , I would not recommend this item . I only bought this phone because I wanted a wall-mount phone for the kitchen and I did n't want to pay very much . I got what I paid for in this instance .
 The phones are really small , almost cell phone sized . This makes a conversation of any length impossible.Everytime we have a power outage , the remote phones have to be re-linked to the base unit . This is really bad if the power went out while you were away and now you are trying to answer a phone that does n't work.I shelved these , and bought something better .
 I bought these for my office use . It is a nice looking handset -LRB- plasticky feel though -RRB- . The positives stop there.You hear a TINNY voice on either side . All my colleagues and friends who have spoken to me has mentioned this when I talk over this phone.The user interface is terrible . It is extremely cumbersome to even change the date and time on this set.Stay away from this piece of junk if possible . If you got this as a gift ... stay away from the person who gave it you ; - -RRB-
 I have purchased the product in the past and it worked great . This time it printed out only half of the photo . I do n't know if it is the paper or the portable printer . I do n't see them in the store any longer so I ca n't find out . For that reason I will not purchase the item again .
 I 've had this stapler for less than a year . Use it very little ; I believe it is still on its first load of staples . Just picked it up to staple two pages together , squeezed , and the metal base snapped in two ! Right clear in two , just in front of where the curving base side straightens out . What an unbelievable piece of crap ! I had expressly chosen it over cheaper models , because it appeared more solidly built . I may be reasonably strong , but I certainly did n't squeeze it any harder than needed to insert a staple . -LRB- I hope this rating comes thru with zero stars , as that is what I intended . -RRB-
 This stapler appeared to be quite heavy and solid - that 's why I bought it ! Well , it was great for the first week . Then I accidentally knocked it off the table onto the floor , which is carpeted . The `` metal '' on the base broke into two pieces right across the middle , making this $ 20 stapler virtually useless -LRB- the entire front `` half '' broke off in front of the supportive sides -RRB- ! The `` metal '' base is NOT metal - it 's some type of composite metal as opposed to the good old-fashioned steel that was used in the past for making heavy duty office supplies . I would n't pay even $ 5.00 for this stapler ! Needless to say , I 'm very disappointed in Swingline ... especially since this is the second Swingline stapler I 've had to break the first time it fell from less than three feet - the other one was a Swingline 747 which broke when one of my students picked it up from my desk at school and accidentally dropped it on the floor . Swingline products are just not as good as they used to be . I 'm done purchasing them ... unless I can find one of those old , dependable black metal ones at a flea market or garage sale !
 This stapler worked for the intended use . It did n't jam . But it did break after owning it for less than a year . The top of the stapler broke apart from the springy mechanism inside . It ca n't be fixed and is beyond the return window .
 I had three cheap Swingline staplers in my office that were driving me crazy because they jammed if you tried to staple more than two pieces of paper together . I decided to spend a little extra for a `` good '' stapler and got this one . It has been a major disappointment . It jams frequently , so you have to open it up and perform staple extraction surgery . Today , when I did the normal procedure , its innards fell out . I put it back together , but it just was not the same . I tried to make it better , but the springs went kablooey . I decided to drop it in the trash rather than waste 30 more minutes of my life on this sad product . Now I 'm shopping for a truly good stapler on Amazon .
 We have had these phones for years and they sucked since we bought them . Answering machine works sporadically batteries dead or dying all the time . Run like hell from this one !
 Just so you know , these hooks fall off of the 1 '' map rails , so do n't order them for any application other than the 2 '' rail .
 I bought this stamp pad and the red one thinking they would be perfect for my stamping needs . Wrong ! The ink is very watery and gets on everything but the stamp image . Very disappointing . I would pay more for something of better quality .
 What a frustrating piece of garbage . I bought one at the local Office Depot , got it home , and realized that , despite the claims on the packaging to staple from `` 2 to 25 sheets '' , it would n't do either . Thinking I just got a bad one , I went back to the OD , and discovered they were out . I drove a few miles to the next OD , also out , -LRB- Back To School time -RRB- . I waited a week , then was finally able to exchange it yesterday . Same results . Junk . At least 50 % of the time , the staples stick inside the stapler , so you have to pull hard to free it . When it is free , you 'll notice that the staples , -LRB- and yes , I am using the recommended staples -RRB- , are n't bent flat . So if you are stapling 5 sheets , for example , which is within claimed capability , -LRB- 2 < 5 < 25 -RRB- , you will have either the top of the staple or the bent over pieces on the other side sticking out , ready to catch and scratch stuff.It 's going back , and I am a bit peeved at how much of my time I have wasted on this stapler .
 Nice shape , easy to hold , stands upright or lays horizontal . unfortunately , staples jam occassionally and have to be cleared . a pain . wish i had purchased different product .
 Unlike the product description says , this stapler will jam even if less than 20 sheets are used @ 20 lb weight each . I tried only 15 and it jammed up again and again . The stapler feels solidly built , and it works great for stapling I would say 10 sheets or less . Just do n't buy it for the jam-resistance , because the only thing it resisted in my experience using it was me .
 This `` Made in China '' special is a piece of junk . It jams like crazy and even when it is working it does not clinch up the staples nice and tight . The body is cheap , flimsy plastic and if you bend it back too far , when you open it to replenish the staples , the internal metal staple cartridge will break out a piece of the plastic body.I bought this based on the performance of a Swingline stapler that I purchased in the 1980s -LRB- when they were made in the USA -RRB- . It works as well today as it did then . The new Chinese version is in no way comparable ! It says on the base `` Patent Pending '' ; do n't bother patenting this piece of junk - save yourself the lawyers fees - send this crap back to China where it belongs !
 Yet again another waste of my very hard earned money ! Broken clasp upon arrival , cheap paint job and a scratch on the finish Very , Very , disappointing , Do n't waste your money like I did !
 The ad for the badge says , `` by Blackinton '' , but the badge sent was Rothco . The Rothco is not finished as well , and has a chintzy attachment clip , unlike the Blackinton . I ordered two Blackinton badges from Amazon , and received Rothco badges from both separate sellers . My advice is to email the seller prior to purchase , and make sure you 're getting what you want . The first seller never responded to my post-purchase email , and I did n't even bother with the second . Caveat emptor ...
 The Brother BP61GLP 4 '' x 6 '' High Gloss Inkjet Paper quality is disappointing . First off , it 's very thin . It 's a flimsy 51lbs . when 65lbs and up are acceptable weights for photo paper . You can practically see through the sheets . I know when I print a photo on one you can see the photo on the other side . This is unacceptable . Plus , this paper does absolutely nothing to enhance the look of photos that they come out of a Brother printer . You 're better off using any other miscellaneous brand . At least the paper will be thicker .
 I have been an artist for years , it is my passion , so ordering a case of prismas is a gift for my soul ... well , my happiness was shattered when I received a smaller , dented tin box with all sharpened &#34; made in mexico &#34; prismas that had a few dents in the pencils as well . I was disappointed the pencils did not say &#34; sanford &#34; like my other prismas . I immediately googled any info I could get on ` false prismas ' as I thought I might have gotten cheated . Luckily , I found reviews saying no one has ever written a review on fake prismas and so I decided to check out the website . The prismacolor website has the exact same &#34; made in mexico &#34; pencils I was shipped but a different tin box . The box I should have received should have been as featured WITH A SHARPENER AND 2 SMALL MEDIA , I was suuuuper upset I DID NOT receive the sharpener as this tiny little silver sharpener is the best for the job from when I remember using in fashion school for art projects & continuous pencil sharpening . All other sharpeners make your prisma leads funny or break too easy.I have left the seller feedback and ask that they please please please send me the sharpener . I hope that they fulfill my request . As for all the other bad things I wrote about , I think it might be too much of a hassle to return so I 'm keeping this well over +80.00 purchase . I have too much artwork I need to get started on.I really hope this review is helpful to someone out there , my best advice would be to purchase directly from an art store since they have a sample item for you to view what you are purchasing or they 'll simply open an item for you .
 i guess it doesnt lie in the product description but overall i do not like the preformance at all , just get the expo ones or better yet . use a dish towel ...
 The eraser fits perfectly into the hand unlike the Expo eraser . The pads are rather thin and are more like tissue paper then having a felt texture . The expo eraser has more of the felt like texture . But my main complaint is that it is very poorly designed . It is near impossible to take off one sheet without ripping into two or three more . I could not take the frustration and simply threw mine away . Go with the Expo eraser .
 i PURCHASED THESE BAGS TO SHIP SMALL ITEMS IN . THE SIZE IS JUST PERFECT . BUT ... THE GLUE DOES N'T WORK , I RIPPED SEVERAL TRYING TO REMOVE THE STRIP . THEY ALSO SMELL LIKE SOME TYPE OF CHEMICAL . VERY HARSH SMELL . I HAVE REQUESTED A REFUND SINCE RETURNING THEM , BUT HAVE N'T SEEN IT YET . THEY ARE ALSO VERY THIN AND CHEAPLY MADE . PLEASE SEND ME MY REFUND WHEN YOU SEE THIS REVIEW . THANK YOU !!!
 OK trimmer but the rubber strips are a killer . They get worn and the cuts become uneven . Impossible to find , very expensive for what they are . Wo n't buy another Westcott , that 's for sure .
 Whatever you do , do n't buy one of these asolutely terrible systems ? The case is hard to work with and a knuckle buster.THE SUPPORT DISKS WILL NOT BOOT ... OR WORK ! -LRB- THE MANUAL SAYS THEY CAN BE CHANGED AT ANY TIME ??? -RRB- YOU CAN NOT GET AT THE BIOS TO CONFIGURE THE SYSTEM . THE MANUAL IS CRAP AND HAS MANY REFERENCES TO SIMPLY GO TO ASUS.COM . If you do get there try and find any one to talk to . I FOR ONE WILL NOT BUY anything from ASUS !
 Good phone but poor quality , Just died after 1.5 years of use , The handset do not pick up charge any more , new battery replacement does n't work either , what a waste .
 Bought this AT&T E5655 5.8 GHZ with answering machine just a year ago , went dead . First the quality of Hearing calls and Callers hearing voice does a descent job . Occasionally , there were drop outs and recording the outgoing messages were not always accurate sounding . Now the handset went dead , thus can not access the features of base station . I would not recommend this AT&T , once quality phone company . PLUS OVERPRICED !
 can not provide review until i get a replacement . althought it was broken , the board looked good and well constructed.as soon as the replacement gets here , i will be able to provide more details about the quality .
 I ordered this item thinking my customer would like it . He really wanted something heavier - like steel & not plastic ! Rather than returning it , I will use it in my kitchen as a cookbook stand . So , it 's not really a product review .
 Right out of the box this phone never worked and was unbearably noisy . After a week I returned it for a second . It was n't as bad but still gets rediculous interference from who knows where.I sent in the rebate and after a couple months found out I was rejected . They had somehow misplaced my original UPC and receipt . So I sent in the Spanish copy of my manual . Somehow that was sent to a different office and they never connected that I was the same person . Over the next several months I resent the front cover of my manual and copies of receipts for the 3rd time and waited . I was again rejected for who knows why . They kept losing my info and somehow input wrong addresses into their computers . As I called back the 5th and final time to complain , the rebate period had ended . Over a year of calling them and resending my info 4 times and all I get is , `` I 'm sorry sir , there 's nothing I can do . '' That 's freaking rediculous ! I wonder how many other people never end up getting money back . These rebates are a scam.I had a problem the year before with a fax machine I had purchased . The phone never worked correctly and I could n't replace just the phone . They said I would need to purchase an entire new fax machine.Panasonic is notorious for finding ANY excuse to not give you your measely 20 or 30 dollars . I 've had it with Panasonic . I refuse to buy anything from them again.Buyer Beware . Good luck actually getting your rebate money .
 We 've had this phone for a year and have n't been happy with it . It cuts in and out , and the reception is poor at times - echo-y . The `` wall mount '' is ridiculous .
 This phone is not good . It constantly drops phone calls in the middle of conversations . The reception is not great either .
 This is the second Panasonic cordless phone that I have owned . the first one crashed and burned at 10 months and I had a terrible time getting Panasonic to even discuss the problems . I waited several years before buying another Panasonic , and this phone has been worse than the first . The phone simply goes dead within a minute or two of answering or dialing . I have tried replacing the battery , but that made no difference . Quite honestly , I will never buy another Panasonic phone . I feel like a chump for having wasted my money a second time ; there 's no way I 'd do it a third time .
 We use these phones in our offices and they are by far the worst phones I have ever used in my entire life . The sound quality is terrible and we have multiple dropped calls daily . AVOID THIS PHONE ! You are better off buying from Dollar General or Family Dollar for your next phone .
 I have been with Vonage for 2 years and Sun Rocket for 9 months . Recently I signed up with Packet 8 . There website is pretty bad . If you change any features eg call forwarding or caller ID , nothing happens . Email notification does not carry voice mail . Some of the numbers can not be dialed with Packet 8 . If you complain there is no response or no action . I am surprised that they are still in business .
 Still nothing happened since I signed up TWO MONTHS ago . The local number portability is a joke with Packe8 . I doubt that my number will ever get ported over . If you want to keep your old number , you are out of luck with them . NO LNP FOR US . NO STAR FOR PACKET8 .
 If called from packet8 clarity was so so bad that the other person could not hear it . If called to Packet8 phone it was going going to Bellsouth customer who has the same phone number as the one packet 8 gave me.So Called the Customer Service they told that they ca n't do much about the clarity because I have a LAN Connection so called them to cancel my service and returned the equipment within 10 days they gave me cancellation number but forgot to note it down . After 3 months my credit card was billed I called them they told my phone service was never cancelled which was a big lie they told they will charge 59 dollars for not cancelling after the initial one month . I called customer service but they did n't help much . I think they just looting money from people for bad service and based on wrong reasons . I would never ever buy packet8 service or advice nobody unless they want to get ripped ofRip off Rip off - Rip Off - Rip Off - Rip off
 I have been using packet8 since Mid march over a Comcast Highspeed cable connection.I found it is a very poor quality service .1 -RRB- Calls getting droped is very common2 -RRB- Most of time I call some one , i had to try multiple times to get connected3 -RRB- Lot of times , I had to drop the call and call other party from my cell phone because the other side couldnt hear any thing i speaktried to attend an interview on this line yesterday and it droped the call 3 times in 45 mins . Many times voice was getting interrupted and both party couldnt hear any thing.I got really frustrated and called them to cancel it today . Now they showing me a small section in `` terms & conditions '' saying i have a 12 months contract and need to pay $ 59 to disconnect ! No where in the order page or during signup it displays this contract info . Very crooked bussiness practice . . stay away from packet 8Comcast internet connection is really good and stable . never had a problem with it . .
 Technology may be good but there service is not good.Packet8 - Number transfer `` LNP '' will take forever . For me , it passed 2 + months and still have not got my old number , means end up in having two phone lines and two bills.I have checked with my friends about the other services -LRB- AT&T ; and Vonage -RRB- and their customer service is much better and they can transfer your old phone number in 10days . Packet8 Customer service is really bad . Please do n't go with them . .
 SUMMARY
 I 've used this service for almost 8 months now . A lot of times , there 's a feedback on the line -LRB- I can hear my own voice -RRB- . My friends and family also tell me that they can hear static on the line when they 're talking to me - at first I dismissed it as their phones but given enough complaints and that when I 'm on my cell phone that does n't happen I 'm convinced it 's the service.I also think they deserve a low score because when compared to their competitors they do n't have the same number of features even though they cost about the same .
 I have had both packet8 and Vonage for almost a year now . Packet8 's voice quality is much worse than that of Vonage . Packet8 's voice quality compares to that of a cell phone call . Sometime just OK , sometimes bad , never great or even good for that matter . Vonage 's voice quality is almost always crystal clear . Plus , faxes go through Vonage 's lines without any problems . Vonage also has more features . Packet8 's customer service wait time is long . Packet8 's line would accasionally goes out without a dial tone for whatever reason . You disconnect everything including power and reconnect , it comes back on . It 's like rebooting your Windows operating on your PC . My Vonage line never had any such problem.But Packet8 is cheap and does have the lowest price on the block . Vonage costs $ 5 more at $ 25/month and charges additional $ 1.50 Regulatory Recovery Fee . Plus Vonage always charges you $ 39.99 `` disconnect fee '' unless you return your unit with `` original packaging '' and `` a valid return authorization number obtained '' for a credit of disconnect fee . So with Vonage , if you throw out your original packaging boxes after two years , you are still socked with $ 39.99 `` disconnect fee '' . Ever wonder why so many phone companies are so sleazy and so alike ?
 It took over 2 months to change my land line number to my Packet8 phone . Cellular phones are the only service where the number will get moved within a few days . The other services are allowed to take up to 30 days to move the number over . To add to that , Packet8 did n't do a thing for 3 weeks after receiving my FAX to move the number . So the process took over 2 months , and the only reason it did n't take longer is because I spoke to two different managers about the problem so they pushed things through.For the first month -LRB- the free trial month where you can still back-out -RRB- everything worked perfectly . Now I find that the service does n't work at times on the weekend . Packet 8 has n't helped me with this problem . I have sent a few emails to them and they have ignored me.My friend that has Vonage was n't happy with their customer service , but it seems better than Packet8 's . Also , his number was changed over almost 4 weeks faster than mine!When Packet 8 is working , it is great , but if you want a phone that is always working , you should go with Vonage since my friend has n't had ONE problem with it . Vonage is bigger and better prepared . In another year Packet 8 should be good . But they are n't right now .
 This product never worked correctly for me . I contacted packet8 's customer service two times via email and never received a response . So , since the product was basically free after rebate I decided just to cancel the service . The TOS when I purchased the product stated that retail customers would not be charged a disconnect fee -LRB- they have since changed -RRB- . After being placed on hold for 22 minutes when I attempted to end the VOIP service the customer service rep -LRB- Mario -RRB- told me I had to pay a disconnect fee . I explained that the TOS when I purchased the product said that there was no disconnect fee for retail customers and that the disconnect fee was only for those that bought directly through packet8 . I told him I had a copy of the TOS and would fax it to him . He said that the no disconnection fee was fasle advirtising via amazon and was not his companies problem . I explained that it was the TOS from his companies website ; after whcich he said that he would wait to receive the fax and show his supervisor before taking any action . Two minutes later I had an email and a charge on my credit card for the disconnect fee . I have still had no response to my fax , but have disputed the charge to my credit card . I would use caution when dealing with this company . As always buyer beware .
 The service itself is a little below expectation . Esp whenmaking int ' l calls , often broken up , or need to call coupletimes in order to connect . The customer service is reallybad . The CSR is so rude that I ca n't even finish describingthe issue . And when requested to talk to a supervisor , he ` sbasically wo n't do it . After I insist and another long hold , only then able to talk to a not-so-helpful supervisor . And theyactually delete your account from their system when you cancelthe service . Now they need to charge mefor the disconnect fee , but since they have deleted the account , they can not charge my credit card -LRB- they only tell me AFTER takingmy credit card information ! -RRB- . And now they need me to send in acheck . And no detail on what to write on the check , whatshould be the payable to , what number to write etc , nothing.A very bad business model , plus not-so-good technology , andvery bad customer service . I should sell my 8x8 stock .
 never buy this product . the connection is very bad . feels like you are talking over a one-way walky-talkie . the customer service is worst . they charge 60 $ disconnection fee too . this is their unique way of retaining customers : - -RRB-
 The quality of the service was good during the first month after that every day I had one or other problem with the service when called them they are saying they can not give any guarantee that it can not repeat regularly -LRB- in their words , it can happen every day ... its not in our hands -RRB- . . to cancel the service its costing me 59 $ ... ******* PLEASE DO NOT BUY THEIR SERVICE *************
 I am a customer since Dec 2004 . It was great until last couple of weeks ... . i am having problems with making calls . There is dial tone but cant make or receive calls . The customer service wait time is usually 10-15 minutes . Most of the time , they dont have a clue on why its happening , though they know that its a problem customers are facing . Once they mentioned that some server was shut down by someone without notification . What kind of employees would do that ? I am going to see how it goes for another couple of weeks and then think of switching to some other provider .
 I bought the phone from Amazon and was told that I can get 2 month free trial without risk . After two months bad experience with the phone , I decided to quit . I tried different ways as instructed by the technic support , including reset the router , change to static IP , etc. . . Still can not work . So I called to cancel the service , and they asked for $ 59.95 early termination fee ... So I either need to pay this uncalled termination fee or bear this bad quality phone ?
 I made the sorry mistake of selecting packet8 over Vonage . The day I signed up I submitted the necessary paperwork to port my number over to the packet8 line . Well after about 8 weeks and I do n't know how many phone calls to customer service and emails to their so called supervisor Mr. Humphers my number is still not ported over . The reason they never did it in the first place . I found this out when I decided to resubmit the paperwork to the porting department . They responded and told me they would port my number in 6 to 8 weeks . I responded to this with questions as to why my original request was not taken care of . That request was made about a week ago to every department and supervisor at packet8 that I could contact . I received NO RESPONSE ... My recommendation is go with another carrier . At packet8 you have no one to speak with if you have a problem and no one gets back to you either . If you want to cancel the service there is a 59.00 disconnect fee and a 29.00 connect fee . Look elsewhere for your VOIP service these people are the worst ...
 Packet8 technology has decent voice quality over the internet . The price is quite competitive and offers great features . However , the lack of customer service and support can be a deciding factor when choosing your Voip service provider . 8x8 , Inc. , as a company , does not align its customer service with its potential great product . In other words , what is the product when its company do n't value its customers ? Very poor and just unacceptable . Within 1 week of activation , my adapter became defective and had to wait 5-7 business days for a replacement unit - that is if you are lucky to get an RMA # . I had to spend countless times over the phone to get an RMA # ... what a headache . In addition , there are some 800 # , 866 # and 888 # that do not dial successfully using Packet8 service . I am still within my trial period and am looking elsewhere to bring my business to a company that will appreciate it . I had spent way too much time over the phone with customer service to find a lack for support . Maybe one day , 8x8 , Inc. will get their act together - Packet8 does have a potential to be a great product ... Unfortunately , I would recommend others to proceed with caution .
 Hi , I signed up for the service in Dec. 17 , and same day I also requested for LNP -LRB- number porting to my existing number -RRB- . Packet8 not able to port my number for last 3.5 months , they made me continue to pay to my old provider for this 3.5 months.I called about 10 times , every time I got different story , today I cancelled the service , they charged me 59 $ as cancellation fee , I dont how they can justify this , they made almost 300 $ damage.So , try to keep away from this service .
 I have sent all the documents required to process rebate but still they rejected due to missing receipts . Terrible ... Customer service is not good . You will have to wait for long time to talk to them.Portability of phone number takes 4-6 with them . Usually it takes couple of days with other companies but with Packet8 , it takes for ever . Till that time we will end up paying for both.I suggest you take a look at vonage or some other rated broadband phone service .
 Congress passed legislation requiring VOIP providers to offer 911 -LRB- Emergency -RRB- services to VOIP customers . Packet8 hit me with a $ 9.95 `` upgrade fee '' to start the 911 service and a new $ 1.50 / month `` E911 '' charge.I was willing to pay the $ 1.50 / month if they would meet me halfway and waive the startup charge . I called Packet8 to see if I could somehow get the $ 9.95 fee waived , but they would n't budge . I 'm stuck with a $ 59 disconnect fee if I do n't complete the mandatory upgrade.The Packet8 phone service is reliable but if they are going to be adding fees and charges , traditional phone lines become a more attractive option.The decision to go with Packet8 is yours .
 I bought this with a 2 month Free Trial and authorized Packet8 for LNP -LRB- to transfer my existing home phone # -RRB- by sending all the required documents.Now , this is the 3rd month and still they are not able to transfer my existing phone # to packet8 . Neither I can cancel Packet8 at this point as they will charge $ 60 cancellation fee Nor I can continue as I will end up paying 2 phone bills every month -LRB- to Packet8 and Current provider -RRB- . I called them several times.Their LNP Department seems to be most in-efficient and customer service is very bad . Phone service quality is good though . I have my friends who were able to tranfer their existing number with Vonage in just 1-2 weeks . Do n't ever choose packet8 if you want to tranfer your existing # . Otherwise , it is good .
 The price is good -- used to be the best but now others are close to matching the price.The quality was usually pretty good , but sometimes there were problems . Still I was a big fan - until I hit my first customer service problem . They shutdown my account -LRB- expired credit card -RRB- but wanted to charge me for service during the 9 days they did n't provide any service ! -LRB- The problem originally looked like a tech support problem not a billing glitch -RRB- . Complaining to customer service was implacable.The bottom line is -- they 're not a phone company . They make their own rules , and they do n't care what you think . And there 's a 1 year service contract , so they surcharge you $ 60 if you get pissed and want to go to someone else .
 I started my service in December 2004 and at first I was happy with the service for the price . Unfortunately , I have been experiencing major communication issues -LRB- delay , echo , ... -RRB- with some numbers . This situation got worst over the last 2 months and their technical service asked me to change my settings -LRB- in fact they asked me to put my phone adapter on my router DMZ -RRB- with no improvement . Their final solution was to call the local TELCO where I am experiencing major issues and ask them to change something in their router !!!! On the top of that , they spend most of their limited engineering resources to develop new hardware to sell you -LRB- they have been very proud to release their 160 $ Uniden system with no discount for their existing customers who paid their equipment -RRB- . Since I am with them , they have not improved their service or added any feature . When I signed up , I asked about voice mail forwarding to an email address and they told me they were working on it and they were not able to give a release date . I asked the same question recently and got the same answer ... Their web site sucks and they have not improved it at all in the last 9 months
 I signed up for this service on the one condition that my current phone number be transferred . `` No problem , '' said the sales rep from Packet8 . After several months of trying to switch our number over , Packet8 finally agreed they could not use our current phone number . Now they want to charge us a $ 60 for leaving the service `` after 30 days . `` If you want to work with a company that lies to you right off the bat , get your credit card out and call Packet8 immediately .
 I wish I 'd never heard of packet 8 ! In the days following our cancellation with packet 8 back to qwest , packet 8 took back our phone number three times ! Once while I was in the middle of a business call . I 've spend hours and hours -- mostly on hold trying to get them to stop taking our number back without authorization . To no avail . And this was after they had neglected to tell us -LRB- and we asked several times before we chose to sign up -RRB- that they did not support wireless internet . Hmmm ... It 's been a nightmare that wo n't go away .
 I signed up for Packet 8 after reviewing the services online and finding pretty good reviews for this service and the price . I also liked that they had the enhanced 911 service . What a mistake ! After I activated my account the company sent me an email to tell me that E911 was NOT available in my area after they said it was when I checked online . 3 days after I activated I still did n't have service . Family and friends were calling on my cell phone to tell me that the message said I had a disconnected phone . When it was working , the service would drop out in the middle of conversation . I do NOT recommend this service . When I called the cancel , I waited about 10 mins and got a rep. He was very nice and helpful and did n't make me feel bad for canceling . I have now signed up with Optimum Voice and love it ! It 's worth every extra penny .
 OK - so on April 20th - we trotted out & bought the packet8 set up . We followed the set up step by step ... and waited . And waited . It 's nice that they gave us 2 free months of service - because our local number STILL has n't been set up . They have n't contacted us - or returned our email -LRB- s -RRB- to them . When I check out account on their site - all I see is `` Pending '' for the number porting ... Today I contacted them & was told there is some form they need - and the set up process * should * have prompted us to complete it . SO I was annoyed - but wait for it ... . this form is nowhere to be found on their site . They could n't find - I could n't find it . It was like some kind of joke . And the whole time all I got from their customer support is '' I understand '' NO - you DONT ! I am still paying for my home phone and in a couple of weeks - will be paying for theirs as well!When I mentioned that we had emailed 3 weeks ago & had n't gotten a response - my thinking here was this could have been resolved 3 weeks ago . . she could n't find any email ... and said to me '' Well , I 'm not saying you 're lying . . but we do n't have this email ... '' Uhhh - YEAH - I think you ARE saying I 'm lying - despite having a printed out copy of the email in my hand!And this is just to get us set up - just to give them our business ! I ca n't imagine when we have a real problem with the phone - god help us!ANYWAY - If you are prepared for headache after headache - have at it . If I had been more aware of their heinous customer service - I would have thought twice!You 've been warned ... ;-RRB- ***** UPDATE June 24th **** The drama from above continued for a few more days until I sent a scathing letter to the CEO , the President & Vice President . I also sent it to their sales manager . Funny enough - I got a few phone calls . All of a sudden they want to help fix my problem - and GEE - all it took was letters to your CEO ? Great - because I have nothing but endless time on my hands for that kind of nonsense ! So the first person I spoke with tells me he will * expedite * my LNP process - which was a surprise - bc I had been told a week earlier that it was already expedited . Well , as it turns out - they got my fax of this letter of authorization - but had a hard time reading the signature . The account noumber was clear - but not the signature - and NO - they DID NOT CONTACT ME . They let me think for a full week that this was being * expedited * . . It wasnt until some goon called & tried to calm me as a result of my letters did I find out they hadnt done a thing . This really upset me - bc it was just one thing after another wilh these people . It seemed like every thing that needed to be done by them got f ` ed up . So - I explained that what would make me happy was for them to cancel the service , and to refund the set up fee - and to not charge the cancelation fee . To my surprise - they did . I guess they figured the last thing they need on their hands is a pissed off woman with a big mouth!And it was funny - the next day - I got a call from yet another person who was forwarded my letter - and gee - he really wanted to * expedite * my LNP transfer . Good lord - dont these people have any way to communicate with each other . This guy had left me a voice mail - I didnt want him to think I was blowing him off - so I called him back to tell him thanks but no thanks - we 've already canceled - and guess what - it took 5 tries before the call went thru ! HA ! Their own phones stink . Not what you want in a phone company!SO that night-I signed up for Vonage . Yes - its 5 bucks a month more - but here 's the deal . I signed upon the 18th of june . We recieved no les than 3 emails that NIGHT explaining how the LNP transfer works - and each one of them had a link to their electronic letter of authorization ! Holy COW ! This is the letter we couldnt weasle out of 8x8 for over a month - and here we had it from vonage within minutes -LRB- and an online version nonethe less -RRB- ! It was pretty late that night & I was beat - so I went to bed without filing out the loa . The next morning - I had another email from them with the letter on it - telling me how it all works . I really cant believe the difference . SO I filled it out online - and my number should be ported very soon.In the mean time - we have the box set up - and even though we have a dif number - our home number shows up on caller id 's - so our friends & family actually answer when we call . AND - you can do a million different things with it - I can transfer a call to my cell phone - or any other phone - while I am on a call -LRB- great if you are running out the door-but still wanted to grab that call ! -RRB- ! I can set it up so if our internet service goes out - all calls will go to my cell phone - or any other number I choose . They have 911 - INCLUDED . And a groovy little application that dials numbers from my outlook contacts . I just click on a contact in outlook , click the vonage button - my home phone rings & it dials ! how cool is that = its better than speed-dial ! Oh - and I have called their cust service twice - never waited more than 10 seconds per call - got SMART friendly people each time . What a shock.All this for a measly 5 bucks more -LRB- 24.99 verus 8x8 's 19.99 -RRB- ! -LRB- Thats for the unlimited - you can do 500 min for 15 bucks -RRB- I wish I had know what a huge diffenence there is between these two companies - I honestly thought they were identical in services - but I WAS SERIOUSLY WRONG .
 Tech service reps diplay little or no technical knowledge and seem to rely totally on a script . If the question asked is n't on the script , even simplistic questions , the answer is unavailable . Email questions are unanswered .
 This laptop riser might be good for lightweight laptops but it could not handle my heavy Lenovo . The flimsy plastic would not hold my laptop up to the highest level . The front plastic piece is not sturdy either . Overall , it 's a very cheap product . Do not buy this if you have a heavy laptop .
 This stapler does not function . I was looking for a &#34; one touch &#34; that opens for versatility , but this one does not fit the bill .
 We attempted to purchase via a feature to select from an open package in the warehouse to save a few dollars . Of the two purchased , one does not operate correctly .
 1 . Arrived . 2 . Unpacked . 3 . Put staples in . 4 . Stapled papers 5 . Does n't work . 6 . Repeat steps 3-5 a number of times
 I bought one of these from Office Max . It worked great out of the box , really easy to staple . I 've had it for about a month now , and many things are wrong . The staples usually get stuck in the stapler , I need pliers to get them out . The plastic part that holds the staple retention slider has completely broken off , and an internal spring has broken off . I recommend spending a few extra dollars for a decent , time-tested stapler .
 Got two of these for Christmas . One works fine ; the other worked OK briefly , then only intermittently . It will staple once , then subsequent staplings are failures . When you empty it to start over , you lose plenty of single staples . Also , when you reload the staples by pushing the `` thing '' back in place , it causes the staples to bunch up . It 's just a headache when it should be a problem solver ! It is wasteful , frustrating and a waste of time and money . The one that works is good , quick and easy . I think they 're tricky to load , however , and the other reviewer is correct , that when the staples `` fly '' , it can get hazardous .
 This stapler die within 2 month of non-rigorous use , I was using regular staples so I 'm not sure why this got such good reviews . Waist of my money do n't buy .
 This stapler works well in most conditions but be aware that I got injured trying to fix it ! Always keeps your hand out of the place that the staples come out and always direct that part away from your face because I got a couple of staples in the palm of my hand and a friend told me that once the flying staples barely missed her face . Despite being a great product when works I am not planning to use it again .
 Thing broke after 3 weeks of use . Not ever sure if i can return it . Never buying this piece of crap again .
 Bought to replace my 25 year old Swingline stapler that was hit and miss . This PaperPro is cheaply made . Broke after using for 31/2 months . Some staplers stop working well after using for a while , but this one just plain stopped working .
 This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly . I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months . Rediculous
 I use this strictly for home use , nothing more tougher than credit cards . This unit failed after only 2 baskets full of shredding . The teeth in the center tore into each other and started shredding each other . It was completely destroyed .
 This shredder was priced at $ 69 so I thought it would last longer than the less expensive ones I had before . My use is just personal stuff at home . With a one year warranty it died after 14 months . I feel seriously cheated and would not suggest anything Ativa makes as my Ativa router also went bad recently .
 My main complaint about the 950 seems trivial , but is actually pretty important . I absolutely refuse to wear this thing on my belt , so I keep it in my handbag . Well , the holster is not rigid enough , so the device turns itself on when I 'm not paying attention and eats up batteries like you would n't believe . Now it seems like every time I pick it up the battery is dead . The device is almost worthless to me at this point . I wish I 'd purchased the 957 instead . At least it is rechargable .
 You are forced to use Aether as your service provider no matter how bad their service or terms are . Other providers will let you switch by releasing your PIN number . This is a total sham . Aether is clearly a bad company , not looking out for the user .
 You are forced to use Aether as your service provider no matter how bad their service or terms are . Other providers will let you switch by releasing your PIN number . This is a total sham . Aether is clearly a bad company , not looking out for the user .
 I was in a hurry and about to leave town so I ordered a new 950 and paid extra for express shipping . What they do n't tell you is that once you receive the Blackberry you have to register it . Once registered , it supposedly takes three business days for the Blackberry to be operational . I registered on Monday over one week ago . On Thursday they said it could take up to five business days . On Monday morning they said it would be on by 5:00 p.m. . At 5:00 p.m. it still was n't on and Aether customer service was closed . On Tuesday they finally stated that they could request expedited service to get the thing connected but it could take 48 hours . So much for the extra expense of express shipping and so far Aether 's service has been really lacking . Oh , they are very pleasant , they just ca n't do anything to help you . Maybe my rating will be better when I finally get to use the thing .
 I loved this thing for the first 24 hours . then i found out that the rechargeable battery uncharges is 1 day , even if it is in sleep mode . Other batteries also last about a day . This means , that for this gadget to be of any use whatsoever , other than for sending emails on your way to and from someplace with a charger , you 'd better be prepared to feed it batteries constantly . I really regret buying it .
 I 've been using mobile communications for a while and have found RIM makes a great product . But the service offered with the product leaves some to be desired . Specifically , the BellSouth Wireless service that supports the product is n't all that great . From what I 've learned , coverage is spotty , unreliable , and not that broad . I have found one network that supports the RIM device that provides great coverage . It 's a company called MOTIENT and the service is eLink -LRB- it uses the RIM device too -RRB- . MOTIENT has a larger network -LRB- the largest in the country -RRB- with better coverage , even in buildings ! So , take some advice and check out the competition first before you buy . I did and could n't be happier with the service offered by Motient . After all , the device is nothing without a network to support it !
 I have the Blackberry RIM 957 model . I use it to check email . Simple enough . It 's been invaluable to me.But there 's another side to this product that you need to know before making a purchase . A product is only as good as its technical support . And this product fails miserably in that category . You have to pay for common technical support either on a pay-per-incident basis or by purchasing a support plan . I had one simple problem with my Blackberry that turned out to be a problem with the existing software -LRB- not an end-user issue -RRB- and it cost me a small fortune to have the problem fixed.They not only charge you for support , they also charge you for upgrades . Sounds like Microsoft has a hand in their support functions , does n't it?That being said , I do n't know what I 'd do without this product . I take it everywhere with me and it 's alot better than a laptop . Just keep the technical support issue in mind when making a purchase because once you leave the store , you 're on your own .
 Bought -LRB- & returned -RRB- the 957 as I found it difficult to handle and use due to two elements of design in the 957 unit . I wo n't own it until RIM does something different.The BlackBerry 957 is terrific except for two significant things
 I bought the RIM device from Aether through E-Trade based on great recommendations seen here . I have had two major problems with the device since receiving it . First , after receiving the device , there were operating system errors and I could not use the Neomar web browser . I sent the device to Aether via FedEx at my expense since Aether would not pay . I was told by Aether that it would be sent back to me by FedEx within 2-3 days . After a week I called Aether to see where my device was . They showed no record of receiving it . I gave them the FedEx tracking number and only then did they find it . I had the device back two days later . When I turned it on , the e-mail functions did not work . I called Aether to find out why . They did n't activate my e-mail account . They activated my account but now I can only receive e-mail , but not send . After talking to Aether almost every day for the last two weeks I told Aether I wanted to cancel , return the device and be refunded for the monthly service . They had to refer it to management to cancel for technical reasons . After waiting another three days , they now want me to send the device back in -LRB- again , at my expense -RRB- so they can test the device to see if it 's a problem with the device or the network . So , I guess I 'll be without the device for at least another week , while Aether tries to figure it out.Second , the signal received is not a very strong signal . Before ordering the device , I checked the signal strength on Aether 's webiste for the zip codes where I work and where I live . Aether said that the signal strength for both zip codes was excellent , even in buildings . Perfect , right ? The device shows up to 5 bars for the signal strength , I think -- I 've only briefly seen a third bar . In talking to Aether support for the above problem , I was told that 4 and 5 bars is considered excellent signal strength . Since receiving the device I have taken the device everywhere within the building where I work . The signal strength range was consistently between no signal and 1 bar . This is excellent signal strenth ? In all fairness to Aether , when I parked on the roof -LRB- fourth floor -RRB- of the garage , I did get a third bar . I guess I could always walk 5 minutes to my car , drive up to the fourth floor of the garage , and sit in my car to enjoy this wonderful technology . Aether blames the weak signal on Cingular . But the last time I checked , I have n't paid Cingular for their signal -- I 'm paying Aether.I bought this because I need wireless internet and e-mail access . I 'm not waiting for Aether to figure this out . I 'll give anyone a second chance and let them fix their mistakes . But I wo n't tolerate their failure to accept responsibility for their mistakes . This is a lot of money to spend on something that does n't work . It 's too bad that the service providers are so limited . And as was the case with AOL a few years ago , the service provided by the biggest player is among the worst . I will be getting a cell phone that can provide the service Aether agreed to provide but has failed . At least on my cell phone , I consistently get a true ` excellent ' signal strength from that , even in the elevator in my building .
 The RIM 957 is a great device and the concept of sending and receiving email WITH YOUR EXISITING email address -LRB- so no need to have a second email address -RRB- work as promised . Moreover , the PDA functionality such as Memopad , Calendar , etc. work just fine like any other PDA like the Palm . It syncs with your Outlook too!Unfortunately , the devices use Aether System as the Wireless Service Provider and they 're VERY UNRELIABLE . I have tried both the RIM 957 and the RIM 950 -LRB- like the 957 albeit smaller and have less screen line -RRB- and they both use the Aether System for the wireless service . When it work , it works fine . When there 's problem on Aether network , expect emails to be delayed for MORE THAN 2 HOURS or worse , and this happened to me , delayed or non-delivarable emails for more than 48 hours.The RIM device is designed for people who rely on their emails but what will be the use of it if the services is poor ? I do n't recommend this device . I am now using the Motorola TimePort 953 and it uses Skytel 's FLEX network which is MORE RELIABLE and allow you to send text-to-voice messaging -LRB- i.e. email to a phone number and Skytel Network will call that number and read the email in a digitzed voice -RRB- . AVOID AETHER SYSTEM AT ALL COST !
 This paper cutter was supposed to replace my ancient one with a dull blade and loose arm . Unfortunately , the old one works so much better than this new one . This new one will not make straight paper cuts ; as a matter of fact , the cut is curved for some strange reason . I had purchased this to cut photographic paper , but a pair of scissors would do a much better job . Also , for this price I expected quality . I will be returning it .
 I bought this product and when my administrator at work hooked it up , it did n't even function properly . To turn it off you have to manually unplug the machine from the wall because the on/off switch does n't work . I waited 3 weeks for this product to arrive and it was a huge disappointment . I will say that the picture looked good but the reaction time was really slow from the 5 minutes I had it on to use.I would invest in a higher end model if you have the money .
 We use -LRB- used -RRB- this in our school . It was fine , and worked well . After reading the other review I thought I should post this . After less than a year the power switch just quit working . Bummer , I am going to buy another document camera and it will not be this one .
 The sound quality of the out going message and the incoming message are VERY POOR !!
 Do n't bother to go near this phone , unless you want to use this as a answering machine . Handset continously looses connection with base unit and makes wierd noises while talking.Answering machine functionality is OK . Sometimes it would n't even show the caller ID .
 Do n't buy this phone . . it 's useless . The first phone lasted 9 months . It was replaced by the manufacturer with the same model . It has worked fine for 2 years . . and now nothing . Replaced the batteries , no good . Ca n't make a call , makes a lot of noise on the receiver ... people ca n't call me ... what a waste of money this was ... I threw it away .
 This phone was good for about 1 year . Now , the receiver does n't work properly . I can hear the person on the other end , but they ca n't hear me . It 's become an answering machine .
 I bought this about a year ago for college and worked fine until recently . It no longer charges or will allow me to even turn the phone on to answer calls -LRB- I have tried to replace the battery and that is n't the problem -RRB- . However , the answering machine still works fine .
 Arrived damaged and crinkled because the box was impacted during shipment . The envelopes are VERY weak and feel fragile , like cheap paper . MEAD marks their envelopes as the same 24 weight , yet they are somehow much stronger and more resilient . These just are not professional .
 These envelopes are of good quality , but do not seal well , you will need to tape the flap down for security .
 Great looking and feeling phone with one draw back.YOU CA N'T HERE ANYONE , THE EAR VOLUME IS AWFUL EVEN AT MAXIMUM.I CA N'T UNDERSTAND WHY IT 'S SO LOW .
 The metal levers are prone to pop out , making it fairly useless and somewhat unsafe . I would look for something higher quality if giving it to your child or planning to use it in your car .
 I had this shredder for a week and it stopped working without using the override . Sent it back and got a replacement and it did n't work out of the box . I 'm going to give it one more try . I 'll change my review if warranted .
 The first time used for more than 20 pages it stopped for good . Do buy crap like this made in China . I lost everything I spent on it because it broke down after the Amazon 30-day warranty .
 I purchased this shredder because it stated ` Maximum security confetti cut shredder turns documents into unreadable particles ' . This is a false claim . The pieces are no different than a regular shredder that cuts in to strips and the paper strips are indeed readable . What a disappointment . Sending it back and will not purchase from Powershred again .
 Received this item December 2010 now September 2011 and no longer works . Very disappointed in this product . Spent too much on this to be disposable ... spent the extra to have a product that lasts , and in hind sight , should have gone with a cheaper model and planned to replace every year . This shredder did not even make it a year . You can do better Fellowes .
 When I bought one of those bigger , faster , super-cooled game computers I did n't want to have to crawl under my desk every time something needed plugged or unplugged from the back side under my desk , so I purchased this rolling computer stand . It got 1 star because it rolls great , but it lost 4 stars because it is unstable , wo n't stay adjusted to the size of any computer base , and once opened wide enough to hold a large tower , provides little or no stability beneath the computer . Any pressure or bump against it causes it to open up , and causes the computer to tip either forward or backwards off the stand . I tried adding non-skid rubber shelf covering underneath , but that did nothing . Then I cut a piece of plywood as a base and tried to stablize the stand with bungy cords . If you never touch it , this might work for you , but if you ever actually roll it around , your computer will go AWOL . The only other possible fix is to bolt the plywood to the plastic stand arms so popping open is no longer possible . This product is way more work than it 's worth .
 I purchased this product based on it being a 3M product ... but I have to say I am disappointed . There is no way to lock it to the size that you want which just makes it awkward when trying to move it because as you are moving/rolling the entire device is trying to move also very poorly made . If it was worth my time to send it back I would but for less than 20 dollars it is n't really worth the time.I will look elsewere for the perfect PC cart but this is definitely not it .
 It does n't roll smoothly . There 's no easy way to lock the thing to the size of your CPU , so the legs kind of splay , and it 's unstable when you move it . Buy something else .
 Poorly designed and poorly built . A cheap , too small plastic `` x '' with four unsightly sticks protruding from its ends to supposedly hold the computer in place . You ca n't lock the `` x '' to hold the computer in place . At the end the comouter ends up literally hanging from this undersized contraption . Any attempt to move it -LRB- the wheels are a joke -RRB- will just open the `` x '' and make the computer fall . A useless piece of junk .
 the CPU is the processor ... the brain of the computer , it 's an internal component that you do n't need a stand for !
 The product arrived very fast , , , HOWEVER , if you are looking for a `` safe '' wrapping product for your valuables when packing , , , , this is NOT it . The bubbles popped when I was ripping it off of the roll , and again while I was wrapping it up around the item . The entire time I was using it , , pop , pop , pop , , , , those bubbles were popping faster than I could warp up the items . My advice is to go with a more reputable named product or do like I did , and order a smaller bubble size -LRB- I chose the 3/16 wrap -RRB- . Just make sure that you get a roll that has perforated sheets .
 I have shipped items for many years and have never encountered a problem such as this . I had an order of acrylic pieces to be shipped across the country , and wrapped the items in bubble wrap . After receiving the shippment the customer called and reported `` bubble wrap marks '' on the sufaces of the items . After doing a few hours of research I found that an additive to the plastic leaches into the surface of the material leaving marks . This happens with paintings and finished wood , such as furniture , and guitars as well . We found that these marks can be removed with a mechanical polishing , but this might not work in all cases . If you need to use this product on these types of items , wrap them in something else so that the bubble wrap does not come in direct contact with the item . There were no warnings or precautionary statements on the product in any shape or form .
 I would n't recommend buying this `` book '' because it 's little more than a pretty , wedding themed day planner . The planner is split into 16 different sections . Each section features a blank month-at-a-glance calendar , blank weekly pages , a blank to-do list and a blank page for notes . The book also includes a place for you to record contact information for your guests , wedding party and vendors . It 's a royal pain to go through the pages of this book and fill in the dates , and there are no guidelines for what to complete when , how to schedule events , etc. .
 I bought this item for work and the lead breaks all the time I have wasted more lead then I have used . I would not purchase this product again .
 very bad , do n't last break easy gets stuck in pen , cost to much.you just do n't get your bang for the buck .
 Phone has the best range of any I have tried . With my DSL ca n't filter out noise . Not user friendly ca n't talk on both phones at same time with out complicated button manipulation . If you just want a cordless with more range than most and do n't have dsl it my be OK ? Wife has trouble just answering it and we ca n't talk on both both phones at the same time . Can use speaker function but not impressed over all .
 I 've had this phone for about 2 years now and I can honestly say that this is not a very good phone . It takes 2 AAA batteries and despite light usage -LRB- maybe 1 30min call a week and some short 1-2min calls throughout -RRB- , I have to recharge the batteries about once a week . I would not recommend placing it back into the charger after every call because it charges pretty hot and that will shorten the battery life of the rechargeables . Call quality is decent but tinny at times.Pros : - multiple phones - answering machineCons : - big battery drain when idle - construction is ok but some of pieces of the LCD display are missing already and I 've never dropped the phoneVerdict : If you want just an average phone and do n't care about battery life , then this phone may be ok to get for the price . I would not recommend this phone and encourage you to try something else .
 This phone is not worth the money ... battery dies almost as quick as you take it off hook ...
 I have no issues with the battery life , but the rest of this phone is less than impressive.The volume is too low and when you raise the volume there is an extreme amount of background noise . It does not matter if you are 2 feet or 50 feet away ... you will not have a clear call unless you have super human hearing or are in a very quiet location and can keep the volume on low.This has so far been a waste of money and is worse than my 4 year old 900 MHz cordless .
 On the shelf this looked like the one . Flat black and a good sized handset . I like having a headphone jack as well . At home the menus were hard to navigate and the connection had static . After a few days of use I 'm afraid this one is n't up to the task . I went out and purchased the Panasonic and the sound quality is great ... even if it does have a plain Jane aesthetic .
 Once again , a consumer electronics hardware maker proves that they ca n't develop a good software interface for their device . In terms of physical design , this is one of the best cordless phones out there . The sound quality is also quite good , and the DECT technology works on a band that keeps it free of WiFi interference . However , I had to return this phone right away because the interface is so awful . First of all , Philips really shortchanged this device by putting in a cheap LCD display that can only display 8 letters on caller ID , and then they are letters formed in barely legible block-style on the numerical display . I mean , how much more would if have cost them to put in a modern LCD display with enough pixels to show real letters ? But the clincher is the poor design of this phone 's Caller ID interface . Call it Caller Confusion . If you have Caller ID with Name service from your phone company , with this phone you can only see the name -- and only the first 8 letters of it ! While the phone call is coming in , there is no way to scroll the display to show the phone number . You can only see that AFTER the phone has stopped ringing . What use is that ? If the incoming phone call actually has a name from the phone company , then 8 letters is barely enough to identify it , but for the many calls that have no name , this phone will show cryptic messages like `` CELL PHO '' or `` UNKNOWN '' or `` 800 SERV '' . There is no way to get it to show the ACTUAL PHONE NUMBER while the phone is still ringing . If you 're trying to screen calls , it 's essentially useless . Whoever designed this interface just does n't get what Caller ID is for in the first place . I would have loved to like this phone , because I think the phones from Panasonic , VTech , Motorola , Uniden and others are horribly ugly , and my previous Panasonic had the worst audio quality imaginable . But this phone does n't cut it as well . Why is the cordless phone market so devoid of good products ?
 OK , so I decide Thanksgiving morning to buy new phones after our Uniden system 's battery life becomes more that we are willing to deal with . Everything I read about the Philips DECT 6.0 system is largely positive , with some downgrades for features that are n't important to us - no headset jack , VOIP compatability , one line display , small size -LRB- it is large by cell phone standards , and we all want the smallest cell phone , right ? -RRB- . The price is right , Amazon has a sweet deal , and I order the base unit and two handsets.I set the system up , it 's not at all as hard as it 's being made out to be . Yes , the phone display is low tech , more like Pong than PS3 , but it 's not at all hard to read . The printing on the buttons on the base unit could have a little more contrast to the base unit color , but you do n't use them very often.But the performence is abysmal . Where did this poor sound quality come from ? The constant hiss ? The tinny speaker ? The Dollar Store quality outgoing message?So I check the reviews , and see two ONE star reviews in the past four days . Is it just the recent shipments , or was this always an issue that was just not widely reported?I 'm pretty sure it 's going back , but I really did n't see another system that fit our needs better.Very disappointing .
 I did n't have problem with a sound or range of the telephone . I had problem with disappointing features of this overpriced telephone . I expected that I would be able to listen an answering machine messages privately through headset when I have `` stranger '' in the house . Wrong ! No feature like this ! Than , I programmed all my frequently called numbers into the memory of one headset and I wanted to import them into the 3 additional headsets . Wrong ! This feature has most of the cheap multi-set wireless phones , but not this one . You would have to program each headset separately . I go to return this telephone and buy Uniden DECT 6.0 that has features I 'm looking for and more .
 I bought this phone after reading a feature about it in the NY Times . Last time I do that . The phones may not suffer from wireless interference , but that 's about the only good thing I can say about them . Their worst feature is the quality of the answering system . You simply can not hear recorded voices . Turn the volume up as loud as it will go , and most callers are still too faint . The handsets are a little better -- but just a little . Most callers are still difficult to hear , and the phone is too small to adequately fit your face . When you raise the volume , it will automatically return to a lower setting when you hang up , meaning you are constantly readjusting with every call , which requires removing the phone from your ear in order to reach the volume button -LRB- which is inconveniently located on the face of the phone , not the side -RRB- . After about a month , I threw out 3 -LRB- ! -RRB- of these , and bought the Uniden TRU9485-3 .
 A minimalists ' phone for those who appreciate design , especially when considering the garbage sold in the American cordless market -LRB- check out similar offerings in Europe and Asia -RRB- . It is a welcome change from the ` panafonic ' usual , but is not up the the design standard of others -LRB- Amandana ect -RRB- . However , no matter how much I want to like this telephone -LRB- loved the easily recyclable paper packaging for everything ; NO PLASTIC BAGS ! -RRB- , this telephone was UNUSABLE . HEAVY static 10 - 20 seconds into every call . This is the second time I was failed by a European handset -LRB- Siemens was the first -RRB- . Returned to store immediately and bought a motorola .
 I am very disappointed with this phone . I bought a similiar phone while in England and it was the best ; so when I saw the same type of phone was now available in the US I was very excited . However , this phone was a disappointment from the start . It is not user friendly when trying to program the phone and the display graphics is similiar to the early 1990 's when caller ID first came out ... it 's like reading lettering from a calculator display . The phone does n't even show if you have a missed call ; the user has to search the menu and review the call log to do this . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 OK , so there is no WiFi interference on this phone . Who cares if it is a cheap piece of trash ? There is no headphone jack , the handsets are tiny , they have an impossible to read display , it is impossible to use the menus since you ca n't read the display , the answering machine/base is impossible to use without consulting the maunal , the phones have abysmal sound quality , you can barely hear the caller , need I go on ? This phone is a cheap piece of Korean garbage . Avoid it at all costs .
 The phone has some good qualities ... sound quality is good , buttons are easy to use and not overcrowded , answering machine base is slim - does n't take up much more room than a standard base . However , the caller ID feature is terrible . Only the caller name is displayed during an incoming call , and only the first 8 characters of that !! Often , all we see is `` Maine '' come up on the display . Thanks , that narrows it down to about a million people . The caller ID is one of the most important features and it fails to deliver . For this reason , I can not recommend this phone and I am trying to find a replacement . Not sure whether to go with Panasonic or Uniden .
 I was just like you looking for a dream phone system then one day out of the blue came this phone system . It was the answer to all my prayers . Every thing was working great for about 4 months -LRB- except for the melted battery incident -RRB- when it hit me all at once.While the phone system itself works great the major flaw are the : BATTERIES.I 've had my system for about 7 months . After a few months one handset quit working and when I opened the battery cover I found that the battery had melted into the case . If that was n't enough about a month ago I picked up the phone and after about 15 minutes of using the phone I heard a beep and the display read -LRB- recharge -RRB- . I called Panasonic 's terrible customer service and they sent me out a new battery -LRB- only after I whinned and pouted -RRB- . Then a few weeks ago my second handset did the same thing and just yesterday my third handset did the same thing.Made another call to Panasonic customer service and this time they only want to send me out one battery . The jury 's still out on wether I get another battery -LRB- I 'm waiting for a call back from them -RRB- . I asked the customer service represenitive if they 've had problems with these phone and she would n't answer my question even after I pressed her more . I told her that her silence on this question spoke for itself.It a shame that after I spent $ 600.00 plus dollars on their products that they wo n't send me a stinking lousy battery . I 've always held Panasonic in great regards , but now my mind has changed about this company.WHAT 'S GOING ON PANASONICWHERE 'S THE 100 PERCENT CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THAT YOU TELL ME ABOUT !!!! I asked customer service if leaving phones in the charger all the time is causing the problem and he said , no ! These phones have Nickle Metal Hydride batteries and they do not have a memory and that leaving them in the charger is perfectly fine . I also asked if I have the same problems in another 5 months are you going to send me out more batteries ... are you going to keep suppling me batteries as they go bad . Their answer ... `` I ca n't answer that question at this time '' . What ever the problem is , it 's a given that Panasonic is not going to freely admit that they have a problem.I 'm sure that three phones and three of the same problems is not an isolated incident.Bottom line ... if you do n't want to go through what I 'm going through do n't buy these phones till Panasonic admits and fixes the problems .
 I bought one of these , and then found out there are several ` gotchas ' for home use . * You get multiple mailboxes , but can only access 1 from each handset * After the answering machine picks up , there 's no way to answer the phone , other than using the corded phone -LRB- at the console -RRB- . * Battery life seemed poor
 While I do n't know of a better phone , it still is not perfect.Main problems :1 . Difficult to know which handset to transfer calls to - important since you can not join an existing conversation .2 . No quick dial numbers on base .3 . No Router for inbound fax calls . -LRB- seimens feature -RRB- .4 . Had to warranty two handsets . Customer Service was difficult to reach and get replacements . One replacemnet was clearly defective . -LRB- do n't buy refurbished IMHO -RRB- 5 . No dial by name on voice mail menuI wish there was a great solution .
 While this phone works fine as a one-base multiple-handset cordless phone system -LRB- sound is good , it is reliable -RRB- it operates in a very unintuitive , silly way . It seems to be designed as if with the expectation that you had an operator or receptionist in your house.For example , imagine someone calls and your wife or husband picks up in another room . Its grandma . You want to pick up and join the call too . Well , you ca n't ! When you try to pick up Line 1 on another handset to join the call , the phone will tell you `` BUSY . '' You ca n't join the call . How silly is that ? What possible reason would you not include that obvious feature ? The only way to do it is that one person has to put the caller on hold for the other person to join , or maybe you have to go to the base station to conference the two headsets in ... honestly , we do n't remember how to do it . When my wife and I both want to be on a call , I just go to a landline phone.A lot of its features are that way . To do most things , you have to go to the base station . But you are most likely to want to put that big ugly base station in your home office , or basement or something . So it is very irritating to have to march over to it to get on a call.As a phone , it works very well . But little things like not being able to join a call are constant irritations in a system like this .
 I run a small business and purchased this phone to serve as the hub of our phone system . It has many nice features and the quality of the contrsuction is excellent . Before I purchased it I reviewed Panasonic 's online demo of the phone , which lead me to believe it truly was a serious business tool . HOWEVER , this phone DOES NOT have the ability to route incoming calls on a busy line to voice-mail . If you have two lines , or four lines , if everyone in your office is on a line talking , then the next caller wil get a busy signal !! This phone would be great if you never expected two calls to come in at the same time.I read all the positive reviews others have given this phone , and I can only assume that thier customers getting busy signals does not bother them . In my opinion , having your clients or prospects hear get a busy signal is unacceptable.If Panasonic could develop the technology to route incoming calls on a busy line to voicemail , and make it affordable , this phone would be perfect . But this flaw totally defeats the purpose of this phone 's main feature - the Auto Attendant , and makes this an ineffective business tool.If you 're looking for an affordable business solution , I suggest using the voicemail services of your local phone company and buy a reliable and less expensive cordless multi-handset phone system .
 We returned this phone because of the very poor sound quality . Also , be aware that although the info says you can have two voicemail systems , all messages come into one general mailbox for re-routing to the handsets , so if you were wanting this phone for , say , a business line and personal line , it would be awkward coming up with one general message suitable for both .
 I purchased this phone in May 2004 - I have had nothing but problems with the unit and handsets . Panasonic states the base unit most be situated in a room with out a computer or 9 feet away from the closest one in order to not get garbly staticy reception on the handsets - wonder what office does n't have a computer near a phone ?? Low and behold you move the base unit away from the computers and the handsets still are garbled . Panasonic now states to reset the base unit and handset - i have to do this 5-6 times a day , while trying to talk to customers . And that still does n't work all the time !! Terrible System !! - Panasonic 's warranty -LRB- I bought 3 yr extended -RRB- only covers giving me another model - I ship my base unit out to them , which leaves me with no phone system in the meantime . My recommendation - Stay away , far away from this phone system !!!
 The bottom line is , 90 % of us purchased this phone for the `` auto-attendant '' feature . Unfortunately , Panasonic skimped on everything in this area . The auto-attendant functionality is basic , bare-bones , and completely unconfigurable.The only thing you can change is the general greeting message and the mailbox messages . YOU CA N'T set your own extention numbers , define how many rings to allow before picking up , set to go to mail box automatically if there 's no answer , etc , etc , etc.If all you really need is a multi-line phone with answering machine , look elsewhere , there are far better phones for 1/3 the price . If you need the auto-attendant functionality , this is unfortunatly the only phone available short of purchasing a more expensive PBX system . If you want an idea of how limited this system is
 This phone is horrible IF you expect to use a handsfree headset . If you do n't mind actually holding the phone in your hand the whole time you talk , then this phone is fine , but if you want to talk `` handsfree '' - FORGET IT ! The person you 're talking to wo n't be able to hear a thing you say . I called Panasonic and they asked me what make of handsfree I was using . I told them Motorola . They said I had to use a Panasonic or I could n't get guaranteed good quality . I thought to myself , hmmm , this handsfree works perfectly with every other phone I have except this one . Now they want me to go out and spend another $ 25 on their products , on a gamble that it might work better - I do n't think so.Also the handset works at best 10 % of the time . During that 10 % it works perfectly and the sound is crystal clear - AS LONG AS you 're not using a handsfree headset plugged into the side of it . If you do that all you 'll hear from the person on the other end is , `` What , what did you say , I ca n't hear you , can you speak louder ? Can you change phones !? '' It 's really annoying . I can hear them fine but they ca n't hear me at all . So completely forget about walking around the house or office with the handset attached at your waist and having the freedom to talk through a handsfree headset . It 's just not going to happen with this phone.Then 75 % of the time , the handset wo n't connect to the base at all . Even when I 'm holding it just 6 inches away from the base I get a message on the display telling me to hold it even closer to the base so it can pick up the signal ! I have a computer next to it , so I do n't know if that causes some kind of interference . But I would assume most people have a computer very close to their phone ! 15 % of the time the handset will get a dial-tone but it 's so choppy you can barely hear it.Also , unfortunately - unlike my old Siemens phone , you can not talk on the handset while it is in the charging cradle . This was very convenient as I sit at my desk the majority of time I 'm on the phone so it 's constantly charged . But this has to be completely out of the charger at all times when you 're talking on it . It does n't take too many phone conversations during the course of a day to make the battery go dead . Then it takes what seems like all night to charge back up.Recording outgoing messages can only be done through the speakerphone microphone . The sound quality is horrible . It sounds like you 're , well , it sounds like you 're on a speakerphone ! Does n't make for a very professional image if you 're using this phone for business.I returned this phone after 25 days.My recommendation
 I purchased this phone because the 1920 model was well rated in Comsumer Reports -LRB- see Feb. 2000 issue -RRB- . I figured that the 1922 was of similar or better quality . Apparently there are a few bugs remaining in this very new VTech model . After consulting with the VTech customer service rep. about the problems I was having , I was told that the phone was defective and that I should return it to Amazon . I am in the process of doing that now.First , the caller ID function does not work properly . The number of the incoming call is supposed to remain on the LCD screen until the call is answered , but instead flashes for a second before disappearing . There is no way to retrieve the number without first answering the call - defeating the purpose of Caller ID all together . The second problem I had was that this phone would begin to finally ring after the other phones in our home had already rung two or three times . This becomes a greater problem when we are outside and out of earshot of the other phones - so much for its long range use benefits . I would avoid this model until things improve .
 I got this phone mostly for the brand name reputation of durability and for the optional headset . No problem there.However , the phone lags behind the others in the house when a call comes in and the sound quality of the handset sound terrible . As far as caller ID , I can not comment . I do not subscribe to that service .
 Could not dial calls as buttons 2,5 , & 8 were inoperative . Also it did not ring for first three or four times and answering machine kicked in before I could pick up handset .
 Breaks up , rings after all other phones stop ringing ! What a nightmare-get a Panasonic 2.4 gig , this phone is horrible . I have had other Vtech 's and liked them , but this one is junk !
 I was prepared to exchange this phone for another - but having read the reviews it seems I 'm not alone in believing the phone has poor sound quality with the handset . Call ID seems to work fine as do the two lines ... I also have a Uniden 900 Mhz spread spectrum phone that works much better - features are n't as nice on the Uniden , though .
 I purchased this phone because of the features it had to offer as well as the price . Not only does the phone click and have a horrible echo , the noise it makes to make a call , check the caller id , or to dial is enough to annoy anyone . To top it all off the answering maching does not work and Vtech will do nothing about it and acts as if it is my fault for thier poor equipment . I would have purchased another because of the features however , with the treatment I have received thus far why would I ? I guess that saying does apply , `` if it sounds to good to be true it usally is '' .
 The beeping when you dial the phone , check the caller ID , check your messages , etc , are obnoxiously loud . There 's a hum in the background , and you can hear a slight echo of your own voice in the receiver when you 're talking . I 'm in the process of exchanging the phone .
 I agree with the previous review , when you press any key , the beeping sound is WAY too loud , it can actually hurt your ear . Also , you can not retrieve message from the handset , it must be done at the base . Together with the loud irritating beeping sound -LRB- even with base volume turned to lowest level -RRB- , do n't ever try to check your message late at night . I did , and woke up my roommate every time . The phone is very uncomfortable to hold , some of Vtech 's models have good handset ergonomics , but this is n't one of them . Holding and pressing the handset against your ear for any length of time would hurt . To top it off , I hear a loud hissing sound in addition to usually loud sidetone on the handset . There are better phones for a lot less , stay away ...
 I expected Vtech to be a better product . I 've had nothing but problems with reception to low battery indicator after owning it for less than 9 months . The company was good enough to replace it once , but then the battery went out shortly thereafter , it was replaced and took about 2 days to charge .
 Bad , horrible , terrible phone . Had this one for six months and the receiver suddenly developed enough static interference to render the phone unusable . I called/emailed VTech , who seemed to go from the assumption that they are the only people on the planet who know how a phone is supposed to work . After getting nowhere with them , I opened up the case and began prospecting for the static culprit ... Loose wires , bad solder points , poor materials , I could go on ... DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE . p.s. DO N'T BUY FROM VTECH . Oh , and by the way , DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE FROM VTECH ! Check out some of the refurbed Siemens or Panasonics ... or if you have the cash , buy a new one from the Amazonians
 My roommate has one of these phones . Whenever I talk on it , it cuts out so that I ca n't hear the other person . I have to constantly ask them to repeat themselves .
 Do n't even think of touching a button on this phone if you have it to your ear . Often , I have to hit 1 or 9 or whatever to make my selection , and this phone BLARES the numeral into your ear . I swear to god that my hearing has been impaired due to the use of VTech 's phone . This is the worst phone on the market . As well , it is heavy , bulky and uncomfortable to hold . I would n't wish this phone on my worst enemy .
 I can relate to everything the other reviewer said ! I 've had exactly the same problems with this phone . If you talk with the phone too close to your cheek , it presses against the on/off button and you lose the call . I 've lost several calls that way and by accidently pressing the buttons on the caller ID side of the phone -LRB- the back -RRB- . I also had problems with the phone not keeping its charge . I thought the phone was defective and returned it . Had the very same problem with the second one . The longest I 've been able to talk without recharging it is 1-1/2 hrs . Called Panasonic and they said I had n't set the phone up properly so the base would recognize the handset . Reset the phone per their instructions and had the same problem again . I 'm about to replace this phone and throw it in the trash where it belongs ! Because of this experience , I 'll NEVER buy another Panasonic telephone !!! I 'd discourage anyone wanting to buy this phone . It looks like a good deal , but it 's not . I bought it on sale , too . Now I know why !
 Ditto other poor reviews . Worst problems with phone is that you ca n't hold phone between cheek and shoulder or it will terminate phone call . Wife wants to throw it out . Also battery life miserable ... keeps telling me it needs to be charged after receiving a full charge even though it has a new battery . Otherwise has some good features .
 I agree with the comment of hitting the on/off button when talking . This phone also does not hold a charge for very long . I could live with these faults but not the one I 'm experiencing now . The phone will not charge at all . I 'm about a month out of the warranty and this phone will not charge when put on the base . The battery is almost dead and I 'm going to have to throw the phone away . Useless . I would not recommend this phone .
 I am very disappointed with this phone . The reception is very poor on this product and it is impossible to hear the other person on the other line . The white color is also an annoying factor . I noticed that my phone became very dirty with dark blotches on it . My answering machine also has a problem so I called Panasonic and they said they could n't fix it . I believe Sony gives refunds or exchanges phones for you . However , Panasonic does not . I wasted my money on this phone .
 This phone has terrible reception . I can barely hear the other person on the line , there is a `` Loud '' button to press , but it only increases the loudness of my own voice , and increases the static on the line . I do not recommend !
 OK , first I want to talk to the genious who put the headphone jack on the bottom of the phone . You have to remove your headset to put the phone in the charger . Are you kidding me ? At more that 3X the price of other brands , I expected a high quality phone but got this piece of junk instead . The description leads you to believe the case is ruggedized with rubber . Not so , there 's a thin band of rubber on the edges only - other than that it 's plastic everwhere . It also claims to be water and dust resitant . How is that possible with a cheap plastic back cover with a 1 '' hole and no gasket ? The voice quality is tinny when using the phone 's speaker . There is a annoying delay when pressing buttons and the phone keeps ringing when you pick up an extension for a few seconds . And worst of all , it uses a proprietary battery . If you must have a Siemens phone get the S series that uses rechargeable AA batteries .
 As others have said , this phone has no mute , disconnects when you pick up another handset , but most profoundly - and I can not stress this enough - THE KEYPAD SKIPS NUMBERS WHEN YOU DIAL . I have been so frustrated with this aspect that I will be throwing this set -LRB- I bought the base and 2 handsets -RRB- in the trash as soon as I find its replacement . If I have to dial deliberately and slow , so that the keypad picks up all the numbers , I might as well own a rotary phone . The menu buttons are also NOT intuitive . Finding the last number I dialed for redail is next to impossible . I would not recommend this phone even though I know Siemens products are usually top notch.The phone is crystal clear in its reception , as the only plus .
 It 's a nice phone and all but it 's not for me . The phone is way to slow . For example when you 're in a call and you have to dial in more numbers for any reason , it tends to skip a few .
 I am very disappointed in this phone . Like the other review the clock is very slow and does not update automatically from caller ID - something $ 5 phones do.I wasted money on several of these and the caller ID and rings takes seconds to reach all of them.The menu system appears to be beta with no ability to preempt an action by pressing a dedicated button.It also can not do a correct caller ID parse of the area code -LRB- 1 -RRB- to the directory and caller numbering rules for the US were set decades ago and my old Siemens phone workedI am currently dealing with moronic customer support at Siemens and trying to get my money back or at least an exchange for a completed product.I liked my 10 year old Gigaset a lot but it suffers too much interferenceDo n't buy
 I bought this set to replace my old Siemens set that was damaged in a fire . I was very happy with the original system , but I paid the same price for this set years after buying the first set . Usually electronics drop in price , so I figured this would be a nice set . Wrong ! Has much fewer features than the original set . Look elsewhere .
 The item itself is not a problem , buying it from Amazon and getting it shipped via DHL is the problem . Until Amazon agrees to use another carrier , I would stay away . Any electronic item shipped via DHL will breakdown because of the way DHL delivery people mistreat packages .
 We have had this phone for a year and will be replacing it asap . The voice quality during phone calls is good , but the voice quality of messages is poor . Sometimes we ca n't even understand what the speaker is saying . I 've called home and heard our greeting on this machine and it is also poor voice quality . We find it inconvenient that the message-waiting signal can not be seen from across the room . We have to walk over to the phone to see if there are messages . Also , very annoying is that every time the phone plug has become loose or electricity has been otherwise interrupted we have to reset the clock or we 'll get nothing but error messages !
 i have had this phone since march 2004 . the answer machine cuts off before the people can leave a phone # and short message and when i have an apartment for rent and pay about $ 135.00 for the ad in the newspaper and get home to 25 or so messages . most of the phone #s are cut off because the people leave their phone # last after their short message . Also i just bought a new battery at thanksgiving and it is almost dead now and the phone is not used that much for talking.GE GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER AND PUT SOME QUALITY BACK IN YOUR PRODUCTS
 I got this phone and returned it the next day . It had a very annoying echo when you spoke . I dont know if I got a defective unit or if it 's a design flaw because I opted to get another phone instead.Note that I have a wireless network in my apartment , so who knows if that had any effect one the phone ; however I have another 2.4 ghz Panasonic that works just fine .
 Sound familiar ? If you call Tech Support -LRB- good old Thomsom , Inc. got ta love ` um -RRB- they will tell you to check the battery . So you will probably go out and spend $ 12 - $ 20 on a new battery . If you find out this does n't work , you 'll look in the manual , because who has time to to call Tech Support back , right ? So yeah , you look in the manual , and it tells you to `` start over '' which means unplugging the piece of you-know-what from the wall , removing the battery from the phone and praying for 15 minutes , afterwhich you have to carefully -LRB- carefully now -RRB- replace everything in the exact reverse order . So you do all that , first carefully replacing the battery then replugging . -LRB- And if you are really astute , you may be asking yourself , but where does the phone line fall into this order , am I supposed to have unplugged that at some point too ? -RRB- So this may not work either . Seriously . So you go out to price new phones and do n't feel like spending another $ 50 , especially to go through this whole thing again . So like a fool , you will call Tech Support again . This time Tech support will ask if you did `` start over '' correctly - and yes , DID you unplug the phone cord ? They will tell you to do it over -LRB- unplugging the phone cord this time -RRB- and if this does n't work to send it back if it 's still under warranty . Which I guarantee it will be , because the phone is a piece of you know what . So what wo n't Tech Support tell you ? If it 's not the battery , and if the phone does n't require `` start over '' then the handset ai n't communicating with the base . As in `` copy Dallas ? '' No Dallas , we have a problem . So like then after all that grief you will probably notice that there 's some instructions in your manual for Registration , De-Registration , and Global De-registration . If your manual came in English and you speak English . Mine came in Spanish . My Spanish is n't so good . You are probably asking , what are these for , if you can read your manual . Ever seen Karate Kid ? Mr. Miyagi says , `` Funny you should ask . '' So anyway , this worked for me and before you waste 4 hours doing what I 've already done above , try playing with these . What worked for me anyway , was first doing Global-Deregistration . Then I did Deregistration . Then I did Registration . There 's a catch . Why not , right ? So like the buttons on the phone are probably not set up the way the manual says they are . And the viewscreen on the phone may not actually tell you that you actually did Global-Deregistration or Deregistration . Mine did n't anyway . Mine did tell me when it was Registering - or Re-registering , as it was in this case to be exact . I swear these things are possessed . At any rate , this all worked for me and I hope anyone else with this problem can benefit from this by saving time or their hard earned money .
 I thought I had finally found the phone that solved all of my problems - it worked well , had great range , and was reliable . Now it 's a year later and I 'm fine as long as I do n't want to dial anybody because the buttons no longer work . I ca n't recommend it for the long haul .
 OK , first I want to talk to the genious who put the headphone jack on the bottom of the phone . You have to remove your headset to put the phone in the charger . Are you kidding me ? At more that 3X the price of other brands , I expected a high quality phone but got this piece of junk instead . The description leads you to believe the case is ruggedized with rubber . Not so , there 's a thin band of rubber on the edges only - other than that it 's plastic everwhere . It also claims to be water and dust resitant . How is that possible with a cheap plastic back cover with a 1 '' hole and no gasket ? The voice quality is tinny when using the phone 's speaker . There is a annoying delay when pressing buttons and the phone keeps ringing when you pick up an extension for a few seconds . And worst of all , it uses a proprietary battery . If you must have a Siemens phone get the S series that uses rechargeable AA batteries .
 I bought this set to replace my old Siemens set that was damaged in a fire . I was very happy with the original system , but I paid the same price for this set years after buying the first set . Usually electronics drop in price , so I figured this would be a nice set . Wrong ! Has much fewer features than the original set . Overpriced for what little you get . Look elsewhere .
 Everything good , except it is difficult to use . Typing in numbers and names is difficult and the functions are not intuitive at all for Americans .
 I have purchased from value mailers through ebay and on amazon . I have never had a problem before . I mail about 4000 packages a year . I actually sought out these bags because they were such good quality for the price . I think they changed their manufacturing . These bags are awful . You have to stick your hand in each envelope to get it open and each individual bag is stuck together . Also the labels do n't stick very well to the bags . The bags are no longer a grey on the inside they are black on the inside . I wonder if they are making the bags differently now . The quality has gone down hill . I would hesitate to buy again .
 I planned to use this phone for a work from home business . This means a lot of conference calls . The phone lacks one feature that made it unusable for this purpose . During a conversation , if I press the ` mute ' button my callers could no longer hear me - which is what I want - but , I could also no longer hear my callers . To multi task , I have to be able to hear my callers and have them not hear me . This one problem made the phone unusable for my purposes . The entire keyboard was also somewhat flimsy feeling with too much ` give ' to have a solid feel for the keys .
 Received defective product . Called Siemens and they verified defect and asked that I return it to vendor - Antonline . Vendor gave me RMA number and stated that I needed to pay for return -LRB- even though it was defective -RRB- . There response was `` You are responsible for return shipping . Just like you would have to take a defective or buyers remorse return item back to the brick and mortar store you purchased it from or send it back to the manufacturer for warranty service '' . They use the internet to sell product , yet when it comes time to return defective product they play by the rules of what they refer to as a `` brick and mortar store '' . Finally , read over their explanation of why it takes up to 30 days to credit your account . Its so convoluted that it really goes out of its way to insult ones intellegence .
 Bought this in July 07 , and this morning the handset was dead , would not charge.Returning it today and looking for another brand.never did like the way it dialed .
 What was Siemens thinking the audio quality and the phone features are just not user friendly
 This would be the perfect phone if you did n't have to deal with the horrible echo that can occur while talking on the handset.I ca n't believe Siemens would release a phone with such an obvious problem .
 I agree with all the low reviews . Have n't liked this phone since I first bought it but lived with the mushy keys , difficult set up , tedious phone book entry , no way to turn the ringer off , poor range ... . but after less than a year they are in the garbage . Totally dead , no tech support helped , and the warranty process is so tedious and expensive I 'm just buying new phones because I do n't want another set of these anyway . I highly DON `` T recommend this phone . Also as a warning I thought I liked them well enough in the beginning to overlook the annoyances - do n't be fooled with how nice they look .
 For me , this phone has been a lesson in the downside of online shopping . I bought it , plus an extra handset , because it looked good , was made by a reputable company , and got excellent customer reviews . It cost more than most other phones , but I figured , `` you get what you pay for '' . Not so , in this case.It looks good in the picture , but the construction is flimsy , the ergonomics poor , the material , which looks like stainless , is actually the cheapest possible plastic . Ours already had a scratch on it when it arrived in the mail.The buttons have a mushy feel to them , and there 's an unbearable echo when you speak into the handset.The operator 's manual is 50 pages long.I do n't know why other reviewers liked this thing . Do they work for Siemens ?
 Big disappointment !! At the start of most calls , there 's a weird echo that takes about 30 seconds to subside . Also , the caller id is awful !! Most times the caller id only displays `` External Call '' rather than listing a callers name and number . I 've never had this problem before with other phones , and felt that if Siemens can not even get caller id right , they have no right releasing this phone ! Awful !
 I also have one of the old school Koh-I-Noor mechanical pencils that were made in Japan . However , when I bought a couple replacements -LRB- that 's how much I love the Japanese models -RRB- , I discovered that they are now made in _ China _ !!! The difference in quality is palpable . The knurled grip is a bit rougher . The plastic housing is bigger , but it 's walls are thinner . All of the metal parts -LRB- the clip , the knurled grip , the top -RRB- are all made out of thinner metal . The worst part is that the mechanism for holding lead is not as well made which makes it noticeably less stable while in use . I originally wanted to use the replacements in less secure places . e.g. at school . However , I threw both of them away , because I could not stand using them . Now , I just pray that I do n't lose my original.The only bright spot is that a German company , Levenger , makes a model that is better manufactured than the old Japanese ones . It 's all metal and the knurled parts are finer . However , since it 's all metal , it is more than twice as heavy as the Japanese ones . -LRB- If I lose my original , I suppose I 'll have to adjust to the heavier German version . -RRB- If you look hard , you can find a place that imports them .
 After reading the previous 2 reviews I checked out my 3 working and 1 destroyed pencils . 2 were made in Japan and 2 were made in China . That explains a lot ! The 2 made in China are indeed inferior in manufacturer . The interior diameter of the sleeve of the 2 from China is so much larger that the diameter of the lead that I can actually feel the lead `` wobble '' inside the sleeve if I extend the lead 1/8 '' and put my finger on the end of the lead and wiggle my finger ! The 2 from Japan do not have this problem . In fact if I do the same with the Japanese pencils the lead bends and there is no `` wobble '' . Recently I tried swapping the knurled ends from an old -LRB- Japanese -RRB- model to a newer -LRB- Chinese -RRB- model , and vice versa , without knowing that there was a difference . The result was a disaster ! I almost ruined the end of the Japanese pencil when the end of the mechanism from the Chinese model got stuck in it ! The Chinese pencil mechanism was destroyed so I lost the use of the pencil . The treads inside the older knurled end are different from the newer model so the older knurled end destroyed the threads on the newer barrel . Fortunately I was able to salvage the older Japanese pencil . This happens to be the one I use in my computer room to take notes with.Unfortunately if you buy a Kon-I-Noor 0.3 mm pencil you 'll have to settle for the Chinese version . On second thought ... do n't buy one.I have an entire set of Koh-I-Noor pencils in all for lead sizes , all purchased years ago and all `` made in Japan '' .
 What kind of company sends a 2010 appt . book in middle of December of 2010 for 2011 ? Amazon was great at immediately crediting back my money . Would not order anything again from this company . Ridiculous .
 The product arrived with pieces that did not fit into the appropriate slots ; to make matters worse , one of the four ill-fitting pieces was broken . I had to pay someone to help me put this tower together , and thereby salvage this purchase . It 's cheap , poor quality , and not at all worth the price .
 The ad says `` Box of 1000 '' , but it only a box of 100 . Is this false advertising or a typo ? I do n't know , but it 's certainly bad .
 And ... I thought I did my homework ... unfortunately not enough . In November of 2010 I purchased quantity 2 Panasonic KX-TS4200B 4 line phones based on `` opinion blogs '' on the internet ... bad idea ?! no ? yes ? By February 2011 , the speaker on one of the phones was defective . Panasonic returned a `` refurbished '' one . By April 2011 , the speaker on that phone was defective . Again , Panasonic returned another `` refurbished '' phone . By August of 2011 , the speaker on that phone became defective . It took 6 weeks to get a return label . After returning this defective phone for the 3rd time , I received a response from Panasonic that it would cost me $ 85.00 to `` fix '' the phone . Meanwhile , the speaker on my other Panasonic phone began to work intermittenly !! As a consumer , would you purchase any Panasonic product , let alone this low quality , poorly engineered , inadaquately manufactured phone ??? It is the wild west out there and Panasonic has joined the roving band of gangs to steal the buck .
 I bought 3 of these for our office a couple weeks ago . Mine had a speakerphone that worked fine for 2 days , started breaking up on the 3rd day , and stopped working completely thereafter . Since I 'm the only one that uses speakerphone I decided to swap out with one of the other 2 phones . Turned out the other two were also dead.I contacted Panasonic to see if there was some kind of setting to change and they confirmed that the phones were defective . Otherwise I liked the phones but defective speakerphones in 3 out of 3 is not a sign of quality .
 I purchased two of these phones . The speaker feature does n't work on both of them . Unfortunately , we found out too little too late and could not return it . It is horrible not to be able to use the speaker . Prior to this phone , we had two lines phones that worked great . I would rate this phone a zero if I could .
 I bought this phone for a 3 person office and it does not do what it says it can do . The Auto Attendant only works only if that particular phone is not being used . If you transfer a call to a person who is on the line , then it wont ' go to voicemail , but will just keep ringing .
 It just does n't do what I need it to do . You really need to be a phone expect to hook it up correctly and use all of its features .
 I just lost 75
 I used to love to print my own pictures . However , the cost of the cartridge has gotten so high , that it is just not worth it .
 I paid $ 170.00 for this product and if fit the printer just fine . First time I tried to print I printed 2 grainy pictures and then the ribbon broke . To me this was a rip off . I know it is not the printer becasue I had it checked out . I was sold a bad ribbon , and . I had used this printer just two weeks before I received the new ribbon and it worked fine . So I am just out the money I spent on this product . So I am not very happy at all with it . Very disappointed .
 The G-50 WAS a lovely , practical gift from my children 3 years ago at Christmas . The following Christmas the paper and ink kit was no longer being carried by any big-box stores or local camera shops . I did find the kit on Amazon for about fifty bucks last year and now its one hundred , really . Do n't invest in this type of printer-dock ; the technology changes to quickly !
 The first camera I can remember was an Eastman Kodak and the only thing I remember about it was the pull-out bellows , the 90 degree view finder and the great pictures it produced . Kodak still produces a good camera , but like the gas companies , the tobacco industry and the cocaine dealers , once they have you hooked , they rip you off.Camera and printer dock still work fine , but Kodak has decided to stop producing the cartridges and paper and now whatever is available is three times as costly as originally . Even that would not be as distasteful as the fact that normal photo paper will not work with this printer . Way to go , Kodak . Another American icon down the drain .
 I ca n't believe what a ripoff from Kodak . Bought this camera for my mom and it only printed 5 photos . So I looked up the cartidge and found it to be very expensive . People would pay $ 50 for 50 pictures . I can get them printed for less somewhere else . I mean before digital cameras I surely was n't paying $ 50 for 50 pictures . Not even close !
 The pad is made of newspaper quality paper . The lines are very dark blue . The 100 sheets is really too heavy for the cardboard backing and glued end . If you need to hang the pad on an easle good luck . I ordered 2 and on each one of the holes is cutting into the edge . I bought it to use in a classroom for students to draw concepts and post on the walls I do n't know how much of the marker will go through because the paper is very thin .
 I originally purchased this because I have to buy my own classroom chart paper and I am on a budget . It 's not worth it at all ! It 's a really awkward rectangular shape and it does not fit on my easel . The paper rips easily . The paper is thin and my Mr. Sketch marker 's bleed right through . The paper is a dull yellow color as well . I 'm using it as poster paper for my students .
 I purchased this knowing that it was n't going to be high quality due to the price . When I opened the charm , the large beads and the ribbons were a very orange/salmon color ; where the beads at the top -LRB- the little tiny ones -RRB- were a nice bright baby pink -LRB- the REAL color the ribbon should be -RRB- . It 's a horrible color and looks extremely cheap since none of it matches . I got the charm on the far left of the stock photo , they seem to be tiger eye beads and the colors are just awful . Since the money I spent is not worth the time and effort to return the product I will be throwing it in the trash and cutting my losses .
 yes , its for cancer funds , but dude its not worth it , better buy a live strong bracelet , poor poor quality .
 Cheap , I lost in with in hours of putting it on my purse , I was very dissappointed . I hope to see some inprovements on these products .
 Exactly how many lanyards do you get for $ 10,000 ?! At least specify -- I would imagine it should be around 10,000 lanyards . This is a ridiculous price and needs to be changed !!!
 Why is this almost 10000 dnd aollars ????? Thats wayyyyyyyyyyy too much money . for real , gah scary price lol . please fix this .
 Not a very good product . The clock will not stay set after numerous attempts at setting it . Have already replaced it .
 The program is cumbersome to use . I never use it anymore . After I got Windows Vista , I put a -LSB- ... -RSB- gadget on the desktop and use that , which is much better .
 When it arrived in the mail i opened it up and turned it on and very quickly learned two things ... The solar function did not work at all and the battery that was in it was VERY low , lucky i had a battery laying around -LRB- a 1.55 v 389 watch battery -RRB- to put in and now its just a battery powered calculator with a nice looking but totally useless solar panel on it but it still does what i need it to .
 I did not like it , it was difficult to assemble and its not as sturdy as I would like it to be .
 THIS CALCULATOR CAME WITH NO CHARGE AT ALL , THE BUTTONS SEEM VERY LOOSE AND ALTHOUGH I LEFT IT IN FRONT OF MY WINDOW FOR A WHOLE DAY IT STILL DID NOT CHARGE . WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT IF IT WORKED . COSTS THE SAME TO BUY A CALCULATOR AT TARGET OR BUY THE BATTERY FOR THIS CALCULATOR .
 I bought this for nursing school so I could throw it in my pocket and do easy calculations on it . It worked perfected the first day . I took it out a week later to use it again and the `` 2 '' button turned the calculator off . I tried to make it work but no luck . What good is a calculator when every time I hit the `` 2 '' button it turns it off ??
 Got this as a stocking stuffer for 4th grader since she 's finally allowed to use a calculator occasionally at school . Quite disappointing to remove it from it 's shell , press the on button and ... nothing . Figure it maybe got shipped with a dead battery and it 's dual powered -LRB- solar and battery -RRB- so took it under a lamp and ... nothing . Quality assurance FAIL . Going to get one locally that we can test before we buy .
 I bought this calculator because it has a lid and I can carry it with me ; the lid is nice . The problem is that the image is so weak that even in a brightly lit room , I can hardly see the numbers . It never works unless the solar panels are in full light so i have to go to a window to make it work . I 've since bought a $ 2 one from a local store and it 's much better .
 It works well enough for receipts , but only about two at a time . If you take a piece of regular paper , you can usually get it through if you fold it.However , after shredding a few sheets , you 'll find that there are bits of paper strips crumpled up and stuck at both ends . Then you have to unplug the thing and use a paperclip to pick out these pieces , which can take some time.If you intend on shredding a lot of paper , do n't bother with this . If you only want to shred a bank statement every month or just receipts , go ahead , it 's cheap.It works well to open envelopes , without getting stuck .
 You know I didnt expect much for the price but I did expect a product that worked . It cant handle the thinist paper without jamming up . Dont waste your money on this .
 It does not shred well , too little power , A4 sheets need to be folded in half and they are too thick to be processed . Price is Ok but I would have rather spent more and get something more useful .
 The product is great , But I think everyone can agree that the price is crazy . Walmart sold the ph 160 cartridges with the paper for 44.99 and of course they do not carry the product anymore . I 've seen prices on the net between 75.00 and 139.00 , and when you do find it for 44.99 it 's either out of stock or discontinued . If you disagree with me look yourself , no joke.Kodak PH160 Media Cartridge for Kodak EasyShare Printer Docks
 I did not even finish my first package of paper before I was told to replace the ink cartridge . That is a GREAT DISSAPPOINTMENT because this unit prints wonderful pictures , and it 's easy to use . I 'm contacting KODAK for sure !
 Ink runs out before you finish all the sheets of paper . Sad , because you ca n't buy the ink by itself . Kodak is ripping people off . Hopefully a competitor will come up with something fast .
 My ink cartridges arrived broken completely shattered . I contact the company asked for a replacement or a refund they refused . I will never deal with this company again . Not only did they refused but it took them a week to respond . I will be notifying amazon about this company !!! I would n't recommend this company to ANYONE
 I ordered the printer and am happy with it , but the paper Amazon suggested does not fit the printer . They should have known better.Kodak EasyShare G600 Printer Dock
 I bought an Kodak easyshare printer dock for my parents 6 years ago . At the time a PH160 media cartridge was $ 42.12 -LRB- I have the receipt -RRB- . Today the same media cartridge is over $ 100 ? What happened ? The cost per print went from about $ 0.25 to $ 0.70 . The drugstore will print photos for $ 0.19 or less . Printing at home is convenient but not worth a 270 % premium . I will no longer buy replacement cartridges .
 This is a wonderful machine , and it prints great photos . Unfortunately , my first ink cartridge lasted through only TEN -LRB- 10 -RRB- photos before warning me that I am almost out of ink . I have priced the replacement cartridge , which costs about $ 35.00 . That is $ 3.50 per photo and I would not recommend that horrible price to anyone . I will certainly not buy a replacement at that price for only 10 photos !! Forget this photo printer , and go to an online photofinisher . The online prints are about 15 cents per copy .
 Until now I absolutely loved these PH160 kits and have purchased many of them since early 2007 - but they used to sell for about $ 45 . The current price is ridiculous and I may just ditch kodak altogether , get out of EasyShare and my Z series cameras , and have photos printed elsewhere . What 's the story , Amazon ?
 I was disappointed to find that my cartridges only lasted for little more than half the paper ! I still have 80 sheets left . The problem is that if it ever gets jammed - even if it is n't actually jammed - that uses up the cartridge life ! I contacted Kodak directly to see if I could buy just cartridges - and they said NO !!! I am looking for a new printer which is a little more economical ... 29cents a photo is really not a good deal in the first place , and paying double that even worse !
 I would like to be able to buy only ink cartridges , I always have so much paper left .
 I have loved my camera and docking station since I got it . Sadly , none of the stores carry the paper and printer cartridge refills anymore , which is why I ordered it from Amazon.com . I have opened two of the three cartridges , and they are both bad . I am only getting half of a picture printed out . This means the paper is getting wasted , and it 's not cheap , and if I want my photos printed , I now have to pay to have prints made somewhere else , so I 've paid twice ! I am not happy with is at all !
 They tell you there are 32 available ... They are lying . . waited three weeks and still no kodak cartridge ... Finally canceled order ... probably did not ship because it was free shipping & handling ... very , very , very disappointed in Amazon .
 In the product description for the 160 pack of paper and ink it says you can print photos for about 29 cents each . I do n't know what kind of funny math Amazon is using , but for $ 169 that comes out to over a dollar per picture . That 's ridiculously expensive . I love my EasyShare printer and love to be able to print great quality photos at home if I only need to print a few . If I need a lot I still order them from Kodak or Shutterfly because it is cheaper . No way am I paying that much , though . What the hell , Amazon .
 Yes , these are flimsy and crumbly , and the adhesives do n't hold the damned cork tiles up . And they charge and outrageous price for shipping such lightweight materials . A real rip off . Yet I can not find any other DARK BROWN cork tiles out there . They all apparently come from the same place and charge high shipping rates . Someone should manufacture a better product .
 These cork tiles are a good thickness , but they are very crumbly . The consistency of the cork is much looser than that of a typical cork board . I would love to find good quality dark cork , but this is n't it .
 The basic material seems fine and if you approach it knowing that the ` sticky ' pads wo n't actually affix this to any surface then it will probably suit you just fine . I cut a piece of 1/4 &#34; foam-core slightly shorter than the length of the four panels side by side and used construction adhesive to adhere the cork to the foam . I then used sticky backed velcro to adhere the foam to the wall surface . This has held up very well under load .
 Not happy with these at all . Should 've listened to previous reviews . They are extremely flimsy and started falling apart as I removed them from the packaging . The adhesive wo n't stick to them , so one fell as I was hanging and broke when it hit the carpet . At least they were cheap and look good -LRB- dark -RRB- , but I would n't waste my money if you actually want to hang anything on them .
 They look good and they 're relatively thick.Unfortunately , they are extremely flimsy.Further , the adhesive squares included for hanging them did not stick to the cork panels . Unfortunately , they did continue sticking to my walls once the cork panels fell off.Now all I have is a bunch of broken cork panels -LRB- they broke when they fell -RRB- and numerous adhesive squares I have to pry/scrape/steam off my wall.Might have worked better if I 'd hammered them in place . Too late now.I do n't recommend this item .
 I installed these with no problem but then discovered they 're too thin for regular pushpins - the pushpins only go halfway in , so ca n't tack anything to the NINE SQUARES I painstakingly hung up ... arrrggghh ... . Would not recommend . Just spend the money on a big regular bulletin board . I got these from a big box store fyi .
 I saw the picture and thought I would get a 3-tiered tray . I was disappointed to receive one single tray . That one tray was heavy and deep , but yet it was still too narrow to put a file folder in . Way overpriced for a single tray .
 WHY would you have a picture of 3 trays when you are only selling one ? We do n't need a picture to show that the trays can stack . The single descriptor `` stack-able '' in the product information section would suffice . $ 25 for a single tray , which has the same organizational ability as , oh say , my bed , floor , shelf , bookcase , hand , counter , hamper , wine rack , etc etc. . BASICALLY THIS IS USELESS !!!! WHY WOULD YOU SELL IT LIKE THIS ?? And it came in a HUGE box . I 'm talking 12 '' x 12 '' x 18 '' . for an object that is 15 % the volume . FIFTEEN PERCENT . Why does your company exist ?
 It will not fit my Monopoly ACME pen at all . It screws down one or two twists and then stops , even with the ink cartrige removed . Tips works with my other pens . I do n't know if it is a defect or if -LRB- as another said -RRB- it just does n't work with older pens .
 I mean , I hate to do this
 This pen writes like a standard $ 0.10 bic pen . It looks very nice , but the writing quality is `` meh '' at best.I was pretty disappointed .
 The price was right but this is the Cross pen made in China and it is a big disappointment . The pen looks great but it makes ink blotches as I write . If you are using it just to sign you name maybe it is okay . However , to do more serious writing do n't buy this pen . Holdout for one of the older Cross pens made in the USA . It is a pity A.T. Cross outsourced their pens to China -- yet another example of a once fine American made product going to China and the quality going down the toilet .
 I was a little let down with this product . The paper quality was lacking and it would have been cheaper to buy colored copy paper and probably would have been better quality -LRB- I double checked the labeling -RRB- . I wo n't purchase again .
 I was extremely disappointed when I opened this product . The pastel colors are washed out/drab and the paper quality is extremely poor . I regret this purchase and will never order this product again . Picture of product on Amazon looks far nicer than it is in reality .
 Bought this for a friend and did n't know it was for MAC only ... very poor description !! NOT a happy camper .
 Love the dictionary WHEN IT WORKS ! . Had one , it died . Bought another one and it lasted a year and just died . I put in new battery , tried the reset button - it 's just dead ... Same thing as before . Very disappointing since they cost so much . I 'm tempted to buy a third one - who knows - maybe it will live ... . dp
 I received this as a Christmas gift . I thought it was a perfect gift for me . I read a lot and knew I would get a lot of use out of it . Quite a number of words I was looking up were n't in this dictionary so I was disappointed about that . Then sometime in February ... not even 2 months of use ... the unit stopped working . I thought it was the battery so I changed the battery . It still did n't work . I thought there was a chance that the new battery could have been bad also so this time I took the unit to a battery store . They tested both batteries and both were fine . It was the unit itself that stopped working . I tried the reset button located on the back of the unit , but nothing happened with that either.I had high hopes , but am very disappointed
 after reading 2 negatives on this contraption , I do n't see the need to waste my money on a electronic toy that does not work.I would rather buy a CD and load it into my computer from an American company any time .
 I received this as a gift for Christmas and I have two main complaints . First , and more important , I would say 1/3 of the words I look up are not in this product . I have a decent vocabulary , but I 'm no lexicographer , and it 's frustrating not to find so many words . The second complaint is that the buttons are difficult to push and I wish the product would default to `` dictionary mode '' when I turn it on , rather than always have to push an extra button to get there . It is a dictionary after all -- why would I buy this if I really wanted a calculator ? It 's a nice feature , but bury that somewhere else and make it easy for me to look up my word without having to push extra buttons -LRB- which are hard to push ! -RRB- I 'm sure there 's something better out there ... now I 'm off to find it .
 I received this bookmark dictionary 2 weeks ago , and it 's already broken ! The upper left portion of the key pad has stopped working , and the buttons that actually do work need to be pressed hard in order for the letter to register ! I definitely DO NOT recommend this item .
 I bought this because it sounded like such a great idea.Unfortunately , every other word that I needed to look up was n't in it.This is a good BASIC dictionary , which will probably be useful to students and light readers , but if you are an AVID READER like me , and read everything from history to science fiction , this device may not serve you well .
 This product worked for about five minutes but then failed . After 4 resets , it has remained stuck on the date . I 'll be returning it .
 I seldom find a word I look up included ; about 90 % of the time I have to go to another , more complete dictionary . That is disappointing . I also find it hard to enter the letters , they often do n't register as the touch board is too flexible . For reading on the fly it does n't work , a hard surface is needed . So I mostly do n't bother . Shame , as it 's a good idea - it really bugs me to read a word and not be able to know its meaning !
 This product is better used as a bookmark only . As a dictionary the overall design and content leave a lot to be desired . As noted by other reviewers , the keyboard is too flexible where it needs to be rigid . The keys are not user friendly ; very often duplicating a letter when it was touched but once . I , like others , have found the dictionary seriously flawed ; not enough content , very frustrating considering the time it takes to input an entry . Further , I do n't need a calculator or clock either . I suggest consideration of a different product , e.g. , the SHARP E550 .
 Note
 I first ordered a bookmark calculator and it malfunctioned -LRB- some buttons stopped working -RRB- . I called the company and a nice gentleman told me to just send it back and he sent me a new one . The new one used up batteries unreasonably quickly and the same gentleman told me a whole shipment went out with that same malfunction and to send it back for a replacement . I received a call from a supervisor , who said I would not receive a replacement without sending her $ 5 for shipping . I refused -LRB- and , frankly , should not have even had to pay the shipping to get it to them ... twice , but did not request a refund -RRB- . Now , she is in possession of the product I purchased and refuses to send a replacement without shipping , even though it is a manufacturer defect . She also refused to let me speak to her supervisor . This is very disappointing customer service .
 Where to begin ... I originally got this product as a Mother 's Day gift in 2010 . Within the month it was taken back to the store and exchanged for another . That one worked about a month -LRB- rarely used -RRB- before I called Zelco Industries and I sent it in to be repaired -LRB- had to do with the battery compartment -RRB- . It worked when it was sent back to me -LRB- again rarely used it -RRB- but this winter I take it out of my nightstand drawer and it does n't work . I called Zelco again and he said to send it back and he would personally pull one off the shelf and get it out to me . Well , it came the week after Christmas and did not work when I took it out of the box . Since they were n't in the office during the holidays I called on 1-6 to tell the guy in customer service the replacement did not work . He said that he tested it before he sent it out . He said to send it back -LRB- which I did on 1-7 -RRB- and another would be sent to me . It will be 3 weeks tomorrow and I have n't received a replacement yet . I called today again and spoke with the secretary who blamed me not receiving it yet possibly due to all the snow in New York . The man in customer service who I 'd been dealing with was not in today and would n't be tomorrow either but she took down my name and number . I am not happy with this product or this company .
 The items included in this package are out of proportion . The length is too long and the width is too small . The seal on the three sides are not very well . If you mail books , do n't buy them because the ratio of the width/length is not designed for books .
 I should say that I did not try this phone with skype , but there were several disappointments with it as a regular phone .1 . -RRB- It uses AAA batteries and does not come with , or appear to have any option for a transformer -LRB- wall wart -RRB- , so you have to watch the batteries and replace them . No batteries are included . Maybe using it USB provides phantom power ? If so , what happens when you turn your computer off ? 2 . -RRB- The speaker-phone cuts off the first word of everything you say , making it unusable .3 . -RRB- The display is hard to read at some angles.Everything else about it seems great , but we are returning it for the above reasons .
