 This is my second bottle of sheer freesia , I just love this fragrance , its a light delicate sent , beautiful , like a summer day .
 This was a gift for my sister . It wowed her . She has always worn Freesia but typically can only find it in body lotion or such . This product really thrilled her , a nice perfume in her favorite scent with a beautiful package .
 I have been using this product for a couple years now . I started using it because my hair had gotten so dry from all the chemical treatments and relaxers . This actualy came in the relaxer kit . I tried it and could not beleive the difference it made with one use . I could not find it in any of the stores at the time so I searched Amazon and they had it . I absolutely love it . It is the best moisturizing product I have used so far . My hair is soft with good elasticity and it is not breaking anywhere close to what it was . I am very happy with it .
 I Tried this product in the past and fell in love with it . I could not find it for some time and am now very pleased that I was abe to find it again here on amazon . It smoothes the hair and faciltate ease in removing tangles .
 This is the best stuff i have used on my hair . My hair does n't feel like it 's weighted down with product . It feels light , smooth and looks shiny and healthy .
 My hair is pretty curly , and keeping it short will frizz like crazy . This smoothing serum is my favourite product for taming the fuzzy hair . Unlike other products it is not sticky when applied , and not sticky when I wash my hair the next morning . Any other smoothing product I 've tried needs shampoo to get rid of , this will simply wash out with water.This has a very light fragrance , nothing obnoxious .
 This is the best smmothing serum I have ever used . Its too bad I cant find it beauty stores anymore . Thanks goodness for Amazon for selling it ... it gives the shine and smoothness for my hair than any other product I tried .
 This is the only product that can manage my hair without making it stiff or sticky .
 I LOVE this stuff , have used it for years and am so sad it is no longer available at stores . L'Oreal made a mistake to discontinue it and the product they recommend to replace it is NOT good stuff , nothing like the Textureline product .
 The product is wonderful for my hair which is very curly and tends to be frizzy . Smooths it and gets rid of allof the friz . Use it once a day , even in damp weather
 I have been using Textureline smoothing serum for over 10 years and am heart broken that is is being discontinued ! Has anyone found a replacement product yet ?
 This product is great , I 've been using it for years now . It really works on hair frizzies , keeps it nice & smooth . Let it dry completely before combing .
 I just got this from a local Stop and Shop and LOVE it ! It leaves my hair so soft , smelling good and you ca n't even tell that I have any product in my hair . I 'm reading a lot of reviews where people are saying that they ca n't find it anywhere . Depending on where you live , try your local grocery store !
 An excellent ensemble of products from a renowned company . This was a gift sent to my daughter-in-law and she absolutely loved each item . So , I made some brownie points with her . I would recommend this as a gift or an indulgence !!
 Smells good . Great price . Much smaller bottle in the mall cost more . I 've gotten a few compliments . Huge bottle , should last a long time .
 this perfume came really in perfect shape , is original and smell incredible . i recommend this perfume . i was fascinated when my girl put it on . THANK YOU !!
 This is great . Decent price and it showed up pretty quickly . I really like this . very great smell this is great
 This is my `` signature '' fragrance and I love it . Decent price and it showed up fairly quickly . I go through 3-4 bottles per year so this was a great deal .
 I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED I JUST PURCHASED THIS PERFUME AND IT IS 100 % ORIGINAL . . IT COMES IN ITS ORIGINAL CASE AND EVERYTHING . . I WILL DEFINETLY ORDER MORE :-RRB- ONE HAPPY CUSTOMER
 It smells great and comes in a large size if you purchase the 6.8 oz . It 's a very feminine odor and last quite a bit . It 's also inexpensive which is always a plus .
 Very good amount for the price . Smells nice too . However , the smell reminds me of clean laundry . I was wanting something a little different , a little younger . Still smells pretty good though . Curve smells better in the men cologne to me .
 I guess I never paid attention to sizes ... I assumed this was this size I had been getting at the store for the same price ... nope ! This bottle is ginormous !!
 usually dont vote a 5 . . but no reason not to . IM STOKED ... this has been one of my fav . perfumes forever & needed replaced !! smells just likes its meant ... long lasting ... not overpowering ... & receives compliments ! sells & ships from amazon . . so trust it arrives quickly !! GREAT VALUE ... this size is tester size not sold in stores ... in stores you might get a bottle half as big ... same cost . #ALL AROUND WINNING
 Curve By Liz Claiborne For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray ... I 've only worn this fragrance for years ... I 'm so afraid they will discontinue it ...
 This is a great classic scent I always get compliments on . It 's a t-shirt and jeans everyday scent , and ca n't imagine anyone hating it .
 This has a sophisticated smell that I just love ! If your looking for an original no-fruity perfume this is it . This bottle will last for like 10 to 11 months . I just bought this one and the last time I purchased one was in March of 2012 . I still have a little left from the bottle from March and I use it 5 to 6 days a week with about 3 to 4 sprays .
 It smells like Gap heaven , Very nice . Beautiful color and scent ! Ca n't wait to try Curve Crush when i 'm done with this one .
 I love Curve and especially at this price . Item was as described and shipped on time only toko 2 days to get it
 I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE IT SMELL REALLY WONDERFUL !! I LOVE IT ! THE SIZE IS BIGGER FOR THE PRICE -LRB- VERY CHEAP -RRB- THANKS !!
 Got this for each , my wife and daughter . They loved their gifts . I have nothing other to say then I LOVE IT !!!!!!! Came NIB in a protected shipping box . Will use this seller again .
 I was a little hesitant to order perfume online because I have seen many reviews where the consumer says that it was a fake . This is definitely the real thing . I was also shocked by how gigantic the bottle was for the price . I have been wearing Curve for probably ten years and I usually by the 3.4 oz bottle at Walgreens for the same price as this 6.8 oz bottle . I would definitely recommend !
 Worth every penny ; about half of what the stores charge for this . The product is genuine and works very well .
 My wife enjoyed the Curve by Liz Claiborne . The size of the bottle for the price was a very good .
 I have purchased this perfume at other stores for about $ 30.00 , or a little more , but only received half the amount compared to this bottel from Amazon . Before I ordered I questioned if this was the real Curve that I had purchased in the past , and after I received it I found out that it is actually the real perfume . Great deal , you go Amazon .
 I 've been wearing Curve by Liz Claiborne for 10 years . It 's a great scent and not too strong . I get compliments about how nice I smell every time I wear it . It 's the best . I saw this at Marshall 's today for $ 19.99 but $ 25 for the big bottle with free shipping is still a really good deal .
 My wife can use only certain perfumes and this is one of them . She loves it . She recommends it to others . So , I am recommending it here to you.Hey guys , try it for your wife . She could love it , too !!!
 I love Curve and this is a large bottle which make is a very good value . Highly recommended .
 Wife loves was exactly what she wanted smells great . She 's happy I am Happy . Would buy again after she finishes the bottle .
 Love this fragrence and have n't been able to find it in stores anymore . So happy to have found it here online - LOVE IT !
 My wife loved it . Great price . Hihgly recommended . This was a great product at a great price . Would buy it again .
 I have purchase this lipstick 4 or 5 times and all but once have been very satisfied . Once , it arrived broken at the bottom but was still able to use it for some time . It is a great product and have gotten a lot of compliments on the color .
 It 's got a nice warm scent of vanilla-like smell . Texture is creamy . Meadow Sweet is a nice nude color . Ca n't apply too much or else it 'll look a bit dry .
 i ordered this product b/c i remember using it for the first time years ago , and fell in love with what it did for my hair . I was disappointed that it is no longer sold in stores-at least in my neck of the woods , but was happy to find it here . it arrived within the estimated time-frame . great product , and i already recommended it to a family member -LRB- prior to this purchase -RRB-
 This lotion is definitely worth the price . Heavenly fragrance of coconut with a light mango touch . This is a real coconut smell - not the cheap imitation usually found in the drugstores . Also the coverage is thick and long lasting . This is by far my favorite lotion ever and I am always trying new ones .
 In winter , my skin on my arms and legs get itchy from dryness . This lotion applied after showering has prevented that . It absorbs into my skin quickly . Does n't appear to have any nasty ingredients in it .
 this is a real hint of the islands and one of the few plumeria lotions i have found out there . i will order again !
 Wondedrful product but saler had the wrong size for the price I paid . The ad list a 2.5 oz bottle for $ 100.00 but actually its a 1.0 oz bottle for $ 100.00 . Saler contacted me about the mistake and offered my money back . I feel the seller should have given me the listed price and size for the item .
 This lotion is definitely worth the price . Heavenly fragrance of coconut with a light mango touch . This is a real coconut smell - not the cheap imitation usually found in the drugstores . Also the coverage is thick and long lasting . This is by far my favorite lotion ever and I am always trying new ones .
 In winter , my skin on my arms and legs get itchy from dryness . This lotion applied after showering has prevented that . It absorbs into my skin quickly . Does n't appear to have any nasty ingredients in it .
 this is a real hint of the islands and one of the few plumeria lotions i have found out there . i will order again !
 I love Dr. Eckstein 's skin line . At first try my initial knee jerk reaction was , ` this stuff is too light , too soft on the skin ' , but it works like a charm . It really does a good job keeping skin clean w/out the harshness of some other products I 've used before . I swear by this stuff . It is a little on the pricey side , but it is worth it if you 've been to the edge of the world to find good skin care . Forget about Mary Kay , go Dr. Eckstein!Monica
 This stuff is awesome ... ever since I first tried this stuff I immediately stopped using bar soap and shampoo . THis stuff takes care of both and leaves you smelling really nice . A big plus also is that it does not leave you feeling dry . Good Product !!!!
 Before going to YouTube , bring a box of tissue . Type `` old spice hair '' into the search box . Make sure you watch the full 30-second version of the TV spot for this product . If , by the time of the plaintive cry at the end `` It 's right for * heem * ? '' from the mouth of the dreadlocked man in the classroom 's layer-cut porcelain-mask-of-tragedy anatomy-doll sidekick , so reminiscent in spirit of the late ventriloquist Se & ntilde ; or Wences 's Johnny and Pedro characters , you have n't been ambushed by helplessly tonguestruck , tearblind , gutsore laughter , and humble admiration for ad-agency art at its very summit -LRB- Wieden + Kennedy -RRB- , then maybe the question is n't so much `` Is it right for me ? '' - as `` Am * I * right for * it * ?
 I 'm super happy with the items I bought . The colours are awesome . Seller shipped very fast . Over all I 'm very happy with the colour pay off and the ease in which they apply . Seller is A + + !!
 I have purchase this lipstick 4 or 5 times and all but once have been very satisfied . Once , it arrived broken at the bottom but was still able to use it for some time . It is a great product and have gotten a lot of compliments on the color .
 It 's got a nice warm scent of vanilla-like smell . Texture is creamy . Meadow Sweet is a nice nude color . Ca n't apply too much or else it 'll look a bit dry .
 This lotion is definitely worth the price . Heavenly fragrance of coconut with a light mango touch . This is a real coconut smell - not the cheap imitation usually found in the drugstores . Also the coverage is thick and long lasting . This is by far my favorite lotion ever and I am always trying new ones .
 In winter , my skin on my arms and legs get itchy from dryness . This lotion applied after showering has prevented that . It absorbs into my skin quickly . Does n't appear to have any nasty ingredients in it .
 this is a real hint of the islands and one of the few plumeria lotions i have found out there . i will order again !
 This lotion is definitely worth the price . Heavenly fragrance of coconut with a light mango touch . This is a real coconut smell - not the cheap imitation usually found in the drugstores . Also the coverage is thick and long lasting . This is by far my favorite lotion ever and I am always trying new ones .
 In winter , my skin on my arms and legs get itchy from dryness . This lotion applied after showering has prevented that . It absorbs into my skin quickly . Does n't appear to have any nasty ingredients in it .
 this is a real hint of the islands and one of the few plumeria lotions i have found out there . i will order again !
 It is the only body lotion that keeps me from getting alligator skin in the cold harsh winter here in the northeast
 I found this product when my previous one was discontinued . It is n't the easiest cream to find , but worth the search and then the wait for delivery . My skin is dry , but very sensitive and I would n't use anything but Exuviance !!!
 This lotion is definitely worth the price . Heavenly fragrance of coconut with a light mango touch . This is a real coconut smell - not the cheap imitation usually found in the drugstores . Also the coverage is thick and long lasting . This is by far my favorite lotion ever and I am always trying new ones .
 In winter , my skin on my arms and legs get itchy from dryness . This lotion applied after showering has prevented that . It absorbs into my skin quickly . Does n't appear to have any nasty ingredients in it .
 this is a real hint of the islands and one of the few plumeria lotions i have found out there . i will order again !
 The only complaint I have about this product is that I should have gotten a bigger bottle . Enough said . : -RRB- It smells lovely on me .
 I used the peel kit for the recommended 30 days and saw results a lot sooner than that . It 's so simple and worth it .
 This product will change your skin overnight . I first tried it as a free sample from Sephora and expected nothing . The morning after using the sample my face was completely different . I have never had that kind of change and I do not have problem skin . Not at all . I have been fortunate to have really great skin so that fact that there was a difference really took me by surprise . I would not go a day without using these pads and I have never needed or endorsed a skin care product , never . If it improved my skin -LRB- which I did not think needed improving -RRB- then I can only imagine what it would do for a person with problem skin .
 I feel like Whitney with these pads . If I go more than one day without these pads my skin feels disgusting . Since using these pads my breakouts have decreased , I 'm not as oily , my face feels firmer and my orange peel textured skin is so much smoother . You will become addicted to these things ! The packettes are very convenient for travel , but I keep the 60 count jars on my sink at all times . I also do n't have to use a facial mask anymore . These pads are such a time saver .
 I have bought this and also the extra strength . I bought the regular then realize it came in extra strength . I alternate using them and they seem to work the same . This product has taken away 95 % of my redness and flaking due to my rosacea . I have really tried everything and nothing worked in the past . Even my skin Dr suggested things and nothing worked . I saw this on a show on NBC and thought I would give it a try and so glad I did . I use it everyday . I am unsure why the price is so much lower on Amazon vs buying it directly from the Dr Gross website , seems odd to me .
 Love this product , makes my skin look and feel great ! It 's easy to use , no mess no fuss . I do n't use it everyday because I like to save it for the weekends because it makes my skin feel so good .
 I did not have any trouble with the pads drying out . Each night when I used them , I would seal up each jar and put the two jars back into the original box . The pads stayed very wet until I used up the last one . I will order this product again
 I 've been using this for almost a month and my skin is definitely softer and brighter . However , I bought it hoping it will reduce the look of the scars I got from my pregnancy acne . It did help a little , but not as much as I hoped it would . I do n't think it 's necessary to use it daily . Plus , the cost would add up quite a bit . So , I 'd recommend to use this twice a week . I 'm starting to use other MD Skincare products and they are all really good quality .
 It takes alot for me to feel the urge to write a review on anything . I have very sensitive skin -LRB- so many things irritate it -RRB- and I also have dry skin . Recently I was having skin problems with my forehead -LRB- tiny little bumps under the skin -RRB- . Nothing helped - even a prescription from the derm . When I used this peel literally within an hour I noticed a difference in my skin -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . The little bumps seemed to lessen and my dry skin became smooth . I was afraid to use this product every day -LRB- bc of my sensitive skin -RRB- but so far I have had no problems at all . My skin looks so much better . No longer dry , tiny bumps pretty much gone , and tone looks better.I use it at night though instead of the morning . Kind of makes the skin a tad sticky .
 this is the product that saved me hundreds of dollars that used to be spent on skin cares . No more skincares ! One amazing product that makes my face smooth and clear !
 This is a great product - easy to use daily , and works great . I think the purpose of it is not for acne -LRB- as one complainer tried -RRB- but for anti-aging/exfoliation . Mild but effective .
 These work . Very well . But I worry that I wo n't be able to commit to spending 5 minutes on this every day . It 's a couple minutes to apply step one , then a couple minutes to wait , then a couple minutes to apply step two , then wait a bit . Then the next step can not apply alcohol or rinsing . So this needs to happen when you have the time and no plans to apply an alcohol product immediately afterward . So for me it seems like the best time to apply is an hour before bedtime . Then just before bedtime I can apply eye and night cream.This product is good for someone who has some fine lines and perhaps occasional surface acne . It is not for someone with sensitive skin . Please note that you will need to use skincare that provides more moisture while you employ this regimen because the exfoliation will cause temporary dryness .
 I was surprised that after a few days use one really can tell a change in pore size without the harshness of an astringent . This is a real quick & easy effective non-irritating skin program to follow . I wish it came in much larger sizes to bring the price point down . The cost is the only factor that may keep me from future purchasing w/o a coupon or gold box discount . Actually I would like to try the entire line-so I really hope it will be featured frequently in the gold box or Friday sale .
 There is enough product on the mini pads to go over your entire face and neck . The fragrence of step 1 smells good.Overall this product does work . It definately clears up your face . I did n't use this product everyday since I was n't sure if this was a product that contained 100 % natural ingredients .
 I 've been using this product for over a year and it is great to clean out your pores -LRB- I have an oily t-zone -RRB- and it 's so quick . These wipes are perfect for using after a good workout at the gym . Use the MD Skincare all in one toner and then use this stuff and you got great healthy skin . They have these in their own containers -LRB- step 1 in one box and step 2 in another box -RRB- but having the easy packettes make it convenient for travel and the gym .
 I 've been using this for about 3 months now . Almost immediately I noticed that my skin tone was more even -LRB- I have pinkish blotchy skin -RRB- . My moisturizer goes on better and I do n't have to use as much after I 've used the pads which is a good savings . I pay special attention my eye area around the top of my cheekbones . I feel like my eyes look better too . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 Highly recommended ! I prefer the individually wrapped packettes because they are convenient to carry . In addition , they wo n't dry out if you do n't use them quickly - a problem I had with the multiple applications in one jar form of this product . The results are amazing - clearer , brighter skin almost right away .
 This skincare product has saved my 50 + year old complexion . It 's like having a facial every day . Great for anybody , any skintype , even teenagers . Worth the money . Leaves the skin w / a `` just right '' texture
 This product is really good . Makes my skin so smooth that is unbelievable!One thing that is not addressing is my acne . Well , ca n't have all in one product ...
 This peel definitely delivers . It makes my skin soft and smooth and I really notice a difference if I miss a day . It is intended for daily application so it does n't irritate . M.D. Skincare turns out high quality products in my opinion .
 I thought this product works great and made a big improvement in my skin .
 Like other reviewers , I thought this product worked very well on my extremely sensitive , dry , and yet acne-prone skin . I had the same problem though of having the pads dry out -LRB- as I did n't need/couldn ' t tolerate using it every day or want to spend $ 72/month . -RRB- When I went to order more , I noticed that for an additional $ 3 they sell a 30 day supply of individually wrapped `` travel packettes '' -LRB- search for `` MD Skincare alpha beta peel '' . -RRB- Besides solving the drying out problem , this also saves the $ 1.20 lost each time I inadvertently used 2 pads at once -LRB- they stick together quite easily ... -RRB-
 I was worried about using a peel every day , and spending $ 75 per month on it , so I only used it two or three times per week . One supply ended up lasting three months , and I didnt have any trouble with the pads drying out . I kept them tightly sealed , and we live in a temperate climate , so maybe that helped . The difference it made to my skin was immediate and wonderful . I have a nagging rash like problem on my forehead and cheeks due to a yeast allergy -LRB- yes , I 'm allergic to my own skin ! -RRB- and this product made it completely disappear as it eliminated the build up of old skin cells . My previously troubled skin was quite glowing . Very pleased and will continue to use this .
 -LRB- My skin is acne prone , and once I get a pimple it takes a week or more to clear up on its own . I have an oily forehead and nose and dry cheeks and chin , with all my breakouts occurring on my cheeks . -RRB- I use this product every day . After the very first time of using it , my skin was satiny smooth in texture , save for the few pimples I already had . I pair this with Neutrogena 's anti-acne/anti-wrinkle moisturizer that has salicylic acid and Retinol . For spot treatments on my blemishes , I use a Zeno device -LRB- seriously , if you have acne , invest in this wonder ! -RRB- and sometimes a gylcolic acid solution.The smell of this product is really nice . Step One usually causes my face to burn and tingle a little bit , especially near my eyes , but that sensation is gone once I use Step Two -LRB- the neutralizing step -RRB- . I did n't have much trouble using the product . Sometimes the pad wads up and makes it hard to use in a circular motion . You do have to be careful to make sure you are n't taking out two pads at once , though , as they stick together frequently.I would suggest buying the travel packettes , like someone else said . Aside from the `` wo n't dry out in the jar '' factor , the two jars are smallish , but are kind of bulky for travel and it would be way easier to just have the number of packets you needed for the trip .
 Great product ! I have used many a skin care product and this was by far the best one . But because its so expensive i have to buy it sparingly . -LRB- Im not a high roller -RRB- I have ordered this product twice in the last year and it works right away . The problem is you really have to use them all in 30 days or the pads will dry up on you . This is dissapointing since i really dont need to use them everyday . Nonetheless this product works ... if i had the money i would keep a ready supply in my cabinet .
 i was first introduced to this product by my facialist . i think it is wonderful . i have been using the alpha beta pads for a few years now and they are a part of my daily routine . they are easy to use , come in indvidual packettes -LRB- wonderful for travel -RRB- and i saw results very quickly . i found the product reduced the brown spots on my face , thus evening out the coloration . i also find the pads help to control my dry skin , but use of a good moisturizer afterwards is necessary .
 I 've been using this product for almost a month now . After cleansing with Aveeno Positively Radiant cream I use these pads . At first I was afraid the acid might inflame the rosacea on my cheeks , but it has not done so and some internet research I have done indicates that glycolic acid is actually good for rosacea . I have found that I no longer have to use the Neutrogena microdermabrasion system to keep my face smooth , and that my pores look smaller . My research indicates that the step 1 , the `` Peel '' -LRB- misnomer , it is not a peel and your skin does not peel off -RRB- step has the proper pH for the glycolic acid to be effective . HOWEVER , Paula Begoun has written that the step 2 does not have the proper pH. I 'd like to see someone else make a similar and cheaper product , and create a step 2 with a proper pH. If the price was only half as much I 'd give it 5 stars .
 I have probably tried over half the items in Sephora stores and I see a Dermatologist who calls me her little trial girl . A few months ago I had surgery by the time I recovered -LRB- took about 6 weeks -RRB- I realized I had n't had a facial in a long time but still was not ready to go out and do `` extra activtes '' and so I tried a few at home facials . I am not saying that they did n't work but I did n't rinse my face off and think Wow I look Great ! I had pretty much given up when I was going through my box of free samples Sephore sends out with there orders . They kept sending me a samply of this daily facial peel so many times I was so tired of seeing the orange writing I was about to tose them but thought , `` Why not try it before I toss them . '' It takes less than 10 minutes to do and when I was finished I was AMAZED ! My skin looked so great . I went from Blah skin to looking alive and bright again . So I went out immeditatly and bought the 2month pack and have not regretted once -LRB- except if I do n't use it-my skin is not so perky -RRB- . I love this peel . I have sensitive skin , a break out once in awhile and dry skin . I would recommend EVERYONE to try this ! My dermatoligest even agreed with ingredients used on a daily basis even with the other anti-aging stuff I use -LRB- RetinA-MD Pervage , TNS eye cream -RRB- that this would help . So give it a try ... it could change your skin !
 Once you try these pads , you will not be able to live without them . I am an aesthetician , I recommend them to all of my clients . They are great for breakouts , blackheads , hyperpigmentation , fine lines , uneven texture , and flaky skin . The peel is blend of both alpha and beta hydroxy acids making it an extremely effective exfoliant . The neutralizer pad is hydrating enough for dry skin yet lightweight , so it does not feel greasy making it great for oily skin as well . This product does make your skin more susceptible to sun damage so be sure to wear an spf that protects from both UVA and UVB rays while using this product -LRB- which you should be doing anyway . -RRB- Highly recommended !
 I 've been using this product for years . I 've even referred friends to this , who state `` my face never felt so clean '' . Ever wash your face and still feel like there is soap residue or your face still has some old make up left ? My dermatologist -LRB- best dr hands down -RRB- recommended this to me several years ago . She even sells it in her clinic . My face always feels smooth after I wash with it . I 've tried expensive dept store cleansers to cheap cleansers at the drug store . This is the best I 've ever used . It 's not a whole lot of money and it lasts me about 8-9 months . That 's so much longer in use than other products I 've tried . But the best part again , is my face always feels soft and so clean -LRB- without the stripping of your face -RRB- . I just love it !
 I have been using this cleansing gel for years . I have occasionally tried other products , but keep coming back to Exuviance . My skin is somewhat sensitive and this cleanser leaves it very soft and smooth , with no irritation . Recently , I met a new esthetician who thought I was wearing makeup when I had just washed my face with Exuviance Purifying Cleansing Gel and used moisturizer ! She made my day !
 My dermatologist recommended that I use this a few years ago and I have been using it ever since . I bought my first bottle at the doctor 's office and it was $ 40 there , so Amazon 's price is much better . I love the product , keeps my face smooth and hydrated .
 If you have sensitive skin this product is great , very gentle , does n't dry out your face ! Very little required when you use so does last a while
 it cleanse deeply , but not dry out my skin.my skin feel soft , before that my skin have some pimples now it stop break out .
 I 've used this product for 15 years at least and have tried others at times , but none come close to the quality and skin care results as Exuviance Purifying Cleansing Gel !
 I have used this product for years ... Do not wish to switch ... If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ! Love it !
 I bought this product in hopes it would help with my acne and fade some scars . I am on an insane skin regimen where I use about 6 different products at different times , so I do not use this product every day.That being said , when I do use this product I love it ! It leaves my skin extremely soft and clean -LRB- with a gentle & delicious smell -RRB- . I have noticed some lightening of my scars and overall skin improvement , but I do not think that can be solely attributed to this product . One reason I use it about every other day is because it can be harsh when used with other products -LRB- I use a prescription strength tretinion , 10 % Glycolic AHA , colloidal sulfur cream -LRB- morning -RRB- , and occasionally a BP cream -LRB- morning -RRB- -RRB- . I normally use Purpose brand facial cleanser , and that can take off my makeup without murdering my eyes . This one not so much . I did it once and learned my lesson ; it burned -LRB- but that could be just my reaction -RRB- . I do love that it is soap-free ; it does more for me than a harsh acne fighting facial cleanser , and that 's really all I want .
 1st introduced to this line by an Ulta rep. I have super oily skin with occasional breakouts now that I am in my 30s + and have been using this product for the past 3 months . She actually recommended a different Exuviance cleanser that was supposed to be more gentle and non-drying , but I found it dried my oily skin out more and was not doing a good job of cleaning it :-LRB- ! Anyways , I decided to switch to the `` purifying gel '' cleanser and this is by far the best cleanser ever -LRB- for me -RRB- . I have tried every possible cleanser out there on the market from ProActive , Clinique , Clarins , Lancome , BE Rareminerals , Noxzema , Oil of Olay , ... to Mario Badescu of late . I liked the Mario Beadescu enzyme cleanser but love the Exuviance purifying gel cleanser so much more . It really does what it claims
 I love this product . My skin feels so clean after using just a small amount and it even removes waterproof mascara with no problem or scrubbing . The mascara and other makeup comes right off the wash cloth too . It is also very gentle . Amazing !!!!!
 I 've been using Exuviance for years . This was great advice given to me by one of the best dermatologists I have found . I have sought out many in MN and NY area . This product is soft and makes my face feel soooo clean . Even my friends who have tried it , said what have I been using for years . The other drug store to many department store brands do not even compare . I 've tried so many others and keep going back to this . The price has certainly increased from $ 18 to now $ 28 in the past 10 years . However , it 's a great product . You will love it !!!
 Would have given it 5 starts but does n't clean very deep . Very gentle cleansing
 This face wash works well with my skin , leaving it soft and moist after every wash . Prefer the foam more than the soap cleanser as it lathers and washes off easier .
 I have bought a couple of these packets of the different products offered by this company . After the use of the shampoo and conditioner I bought the full size products . At first the shampoo and conditioner made my hair dirty looking but after about a couple of weeks of continued use I am very pleased with it . I believe the products might have been interacting with the products I used before . Now my hair lays nicely and I get a lot of compliments about how it looks and feels . I have used the rice cleansing powder and it really makes my face feel and look really good . It has a tightening affect ! The eye gel , the different toners and moisterizers work really well also . I have used other high end products but I am amazed and hooked on this product . It is expensive but I believe well worth it . The packet gave me an idea of what the products would do . Now it is on to the full size products .
 I came across this product after reading about how great rice bran was for the skin . I wanted to try the product line , but I thought it was a little pricy and I did n't want to buy it and have the money go to waste if I did n't like it.I tried the facial cleanser , and it is really nice . It is not like other foaming clensers out there . Its more creamy and when you rinse and pat dry , your face is really moisturized afterwards . I then tried the facial lotion and that lotion is perfect for my skin . I have oily skin and the lotion minimized the pores and made it really soft . After the moisturizer sank into my skin and was absorbed , I noticed that my skin looked brighter and more radiant . It also makes my makeup go on really smooth.The eye jell is excellent also . It really moisturizes your delicate eye area without being too greasy.I also like the skin care cream . Its really thick and creamy but not oily . It sinks into your skin and makes it soft and supple.The shampoo really clarifies and the conditioner makes your locks really soft.I have yet to try the other products because its ard to figure out which is which . Some of the packets are not labeled in English so its hard to figure out what it is but I will be experimenting more in the future . The set also comes with an instruction pamplet and a little gift . -LRB- A bag of green tea -RRB- . All in all , a great product.Overall I think this sample set is a good way to test the products to see which ones you like .
 I rarely write reviews , but this seller deserves it . My products arrived on schedule and I 'm anxious to try all of them . True , there are so many choices on Amazon and other companies that it must be difficult for one company to make its mark ; this one does ! Everything was very attractively and professionally packaged - even a couple of extras from the company with a nice thank-you note . This is the kind of service that makes this seller earn my repeat business , and I do n't often say so . Once I try all the products , I am certain I will re-order my favorites.Just one request
 They always ship very quickly . They have products you ca n't buy in just any store . I really liked that they sold sample packages they made great stocking stuffers and all the product samples were a hit .
 I try everything new , hoping to find something that will show me some results right away and give me back the glow in my skin that seems to wither away as time passes -LRB- and I 'm only 36 ! -RRB- -- Anyway , when I read about rice bran , I thought why not - this brand contains a lot of rice bran - it 's like the 2nd ingredient in everything after water , and there is nothing else in it I could n't pronounce . The stuff smells great , and goes on non-greasy , especially the face cream it 's like my face is so thirsty for it that it just sucks it all in . The TrueRenu store gives you cute little pahmplets with details on all the ingredients , and insturctions -LRB- the packages are written in Japanese so you need to read their instructions -RRB- - and I even got a free gift of green tea - yum !
 Perfect for a weekend vacation or as larger sample sizes , the natural products will make your skin feel moisturized and pampered . Rice Bran is the secret to these products and the results are immediately apparent in the texture of your skin . After just one to two uses , you start to notice a sense of calm and order descending upon your formerly sensitive skin.If you have oily or combination skin , you may be amazed at how balanced your skin is and how you no longer experience the shine breakthrough in your makeup due to the initially drying aspects of other cleansers .1 . The Komenuka Bijin Facial Cleansing Foam is very economical and an eighth of a teaspoon is enough for a wonderful face cleansing experience . The ingredients include
 This is absolutely wonderful if you are considering buying Komenuka Bijin products , but do n't want to spend the money on a full supply . I had been using Clinique products for almost 6 months , and had n't really been all that impressed by them . A friend of mine started using some Komenuka Bijin lotions and cleansers . I tried them out when visiting her , I instantly fell in love with them . But looking online to buy some of my own , I realized that there were too many to choose from.This trial kit is great because it includes so many products that I was hoping to test out , but did n't have the money for . Since it was sold at such a good price , I bought two kits . One to test out all the products , and one to specify which ones I would be buying the full size versions of . This is a list of the products that I got.Shampoo & ConditionerCleansing FoamCleansing PowderSkin Lotion/TonerSecial Serum TonerFacial Moisture CreamMoisture Cream SilverSPF13 CreamSPF25 CreamEye Moist JellTo test which ones I like the best , I just tested different combinations of the products -LRB- like the Foaming Cleanser with the Skin Toner , and the next day with the Special Serum Toner -RRB- , and wrote down which ones I preferred . Turns out that I really like the Cleansing Powder over the Foaming Cleanser , and I like the combination of the Skin Toner with it , instead of the Special Serum . I only used small portions of each packet , and started out using them on the back of my hand . This was great , because now I know which products I will be buying , and which ones did n't really suit my taste.I would recommend this to anyone who is considering Komenuka Bijin products . At this price and with this good of products , you do n't really have anything to loose . Anyone who chooses to give this brand a try is in for a lot of fun with this starter kit .
 Perfect for a weekend vacation or as larger sample sizes , the natural products will make your skin feel moisturized and pampered . Rice Bran is the secret to these products and the results are immediately apparent in the texture of your skin . After just one to two uses , you start to notice a sense of calm and order descending upon your formerly sensitive skin.If you have oily or combination skin , you may be amazed at how balanced your skin is and how you no longer experience the shine breakthrough in your makeup due to the initially drying aspects of other cleansers .1 . The Komenuka Bijin Facial Cleansing Foam is very economical and an eighth of a teaspoon is enough for a wonderful face cleansing experience . The ingredients include
 I have been looking for an all natural shampoo , and this is a wonderful one . It made my hair incredibly soft with tons of body -- I was incredibly surprised at how well it worked on my hair . The sample is worth the price just to test it out .
 I ordered 2 sets of samples . Everything came in time , & I was very pleased . The seller even included a ton of free extras too , which I was very happy about :] . The products themselves are ` pretty good ' . I recommend the shampoo/conditioner & the foaming face wash -LSB- my favorite -RSB- . Overall , a very good seller . I 'll probably be buying the foaming face wash which was amazing , but everything else was just average . The eye moister jell was also very good too .
 This pack comes with a wide variety of products . It is a great introduction to the Komenuka line . I really enjoyed how clean my skin felt after using the cleanser . The moisturizer is light and not at all greasy . I would recommend this line to anyone .
 Using this shampoo may be , the best you and your hair have ever had it.I believe that it is the best I can do for my hair . I would never do any less.I have very fine hair . I used to feel that I just did n't have a lot of hair . I hated the way it clung to my head and seemed to lifelessly fall onto my shoulders . It just did n't have the movement and energy that I noticed in a lot of women 's hair . I envied hair that had flow and would sort of `` dance '' around the face . Not out of control , but healthy and free.A hairdresser used Focus 21 Jojoba Shampoo followed by Focus 21 Reconditioning.The shampoo had the lightest hint of of a scent . Fresh and nice.The Reconditioning had a minty touch of scent and a slight tingle to the scalp . From that day , which was in the 1970 's , I have used only Focus 21 Jojoba shampoo on my hair.Suddenly , I found that I did n't have any less hair than the average . I had very fine hair . Previous shampoos , well , all shampoo to that point had been too much for fine hair . They did n't `` do '' anything for fine hair.I tried new shampoos that would claim thicken fine hair . What they did , was `` thicken '' my hair by depositing a coating that would stay after rinsing . It would build up over time.This would leave my hair feeling un-natural to the touch and dull any previous shine . My hair would feel and seem to be thicker . But it was heavy and looked weighted down rather than freed up.The Focus Jojoba shampoo goes on light . It cleans completely with out striping the hair , coating it or leaving a hint of residue . It rinses completely . My hair stopped clinging to me and picked up with the movement , life and freedom I had admired in other hair . It did n't just appear healthy , it was healthy.Many shampoos wear your hair out . After a period of time , you hair is tired . You have to switch to another shampoo . The same thing would happen and you would be on the lookout for yet another one.I have used the Focus Jojoba for over 30 years and my hair is as fresh today , as the first time I used it.It is not expensive . It is not thick , seeming to be a cream instead of a cleaning shampoo . It is light.I could go on but I wo n't . I do n't need to . You need to try it . You will know just what I am talking about . You will find out for yourself all the things I could go on about .
 I was looking through my orders for something else and came on this , which I will soon be re-ordering . Victoria 's review describes my own experience perfectly , except I 'm a man . My barber , who also had thinning hair , turned me on to this in 1987 . I was 37 and have searched to make sure I never ran out . I 've tried a number of other products during the last 22 years and always have thrown them out or given them away . I attribute the amount of hair I still have on my head , in large part , to this product . I think something in it -LRB- the mucopolysacharides ? -RRB- helps dissolve sebum and keep the follicles healthy . Regardless , it makes my hair look fuller and feel more natural than anything I 've tried . If you have thinning or fine hair , buy it ! -LRB- Also , it 's so potent that , as a man , one of these 32 oz . bottles lasts well over a year . I only need a drop the size of a pea . -RRB-
 MAC 's eyeshadows are definitely one of the highest quality eyeshadows out there . They are so bold with long staying power and look like premium cosmetics . I was looking for the perfect green/blue , and found it here . I am very fair-skinned with blue eyes and blonde hair . First - this shadow POPS . It 's not just a little glittery ... it is very bold . But not a pure green or blue . It 's metallic , shimmery , velvety and very vibrant . It is described by MAC as a `` bluish-green with gold pearl -LRB- frost -RRB- , '' and there is no better way to describe it . Breathtakingly beautiful . Definitely recommend this color !
 I looked far and wide for a medium to light brown eyeliner pencil and this one turned out to be perfect . If you have blonde hair , you can look a little trashy wearing black eyeliner , so this is a wonderful find .
 I really like this cleanser . It does n't lather up like most cleansers , so I was n't sure it was really doing anything . But I was pleasantly surprised . It removed all my makeup - even my waterproof mascara . And it does n't burn your eyes . I really prefer this product over the other soaps and cleansers I 've tried .
 I work in the Spa industry and when I can across this cleanser I was n't sure if i would like it because I have always preferred a foaming cleanser . The first time I used it I was hooked . Especially because I wear a alot of makeup and this gets it all off . I still have to use make up remover to take off my eye makeup but it gets the rest of my eye make up off . I Highly Recommend this for all skin types . .
 I have purchase this lipstick 4 or 5 times and all but once have been very satisfied . Once , it arrived broken at the bottom but was still able to use it for some time . It is a great product and have gotten a lot of compliments on the color .
 It 's got a nice warm scent of vanilla-like smell . Texture is creamy . Meadow Sweet is a nice nude color . Ca n't apply too much or else it 'll look a bit dry .
 I have always had trouble finding the perfect toner for my skin type . I have oily skin but it is also extremely sensitve to burning and tingly toners that contain alcohol in the ingredients . I have tried a lot of toners , and this is truly one of the best ones I have ever used IMO . It is very gentle and does not produce a burning or tingly sensation after application . It has a great , light , clean scent and does an effective job of wiping away any remaining oils/dirt on your face . I like to use it after cleansing and prior to any day/night moisturizers .
 Within 24 hours of using this product there is already a huge difference in my skin . I love it ! It 's light , it smells great , and it really does what it claims to do .
 Exuviance Moisture Balance Toner is good for oily skin . I have acne problem . The Exuviance Anti Bacterial Cleanser and Moisture Balance Toner is solved my skin problem . I suggest these products .
 I am 57 years old and have had dry skin all my life . I love this product ! It is gentle on the skin yet leaves your skin clean and moisturized .
 I have been using this eye gel for a few years now and while I am approaching 50 , my eyes sure do n't look it !
 This product visibly helps lifts and firms the eye lids . Amazing results . I highly recommend this product which I 've used for years
 This product is expensive , but it really does work . You do have to be patient though , because it takes some time before you will see actual results .
 Cutting toenails straight across is a must!This is not possible if your toenail clipper is curved . This particular clipper made by TRIM has a straight edge which allows you to trim straight across no matter how wide your toe nail is -LRB- just do it a bit at a time across the nail -RRB- . Also , i have purchased other good quality nail clippers and they rust and come apart fairly quickly . I have not had trouble with this brand and type . I was hoping to order an extra one for our family , but it only was available in a pack of six . I guess now we can EACH have our own , plus three extra!I dont mind , these are difficult to find in stores .
 This makes dull hair look fresh . It 's not too much - it 's perfect . I highly recommend it for those days when your hair can look somewhat dull - like in between coloring .
 I have purchase this lipstick 4 or 5 times and all but once have been very satisfied . Once , it arrived broken at the bottom but was still able to use it for some time . It is a great product and have gotten a lot of compliments on the color .
 It 's got a nice warm scent of vanilla-like smell . Texture is creamy . Meadow Sweet is a nice nude color . Ca n't apply too much or else it 'll look a bit dry .
 This nail clipper does a great job of cutting my fingernails . It 's easy to hold in my hand and so far this has lasted me well over a year ! I also use this for filing my nails and cleaning underneath them . My nails stay nice and short -- and rounded off at the outer edges which is the way I like them!As the website indicates , you should have your nails wet so that cutting them will be easier . Cutting dry nails just does n't work as easily.I highly recommend this nail clipper .
 I enjoy this product . It 's great for getting the dry , discolored skin off your elbows and heels . It has a soft , citrus scent , but is n't overpowering . It rinses off fairly well , but I 've noticed it has a tendency to get sticky , if it is n't rinsed off quickly .
 I purchased this thinking that I was tired of the same old body wash that leaves me smelling good , but it does n't help my dry skin . I live in an area that the winters can be extremely harsh on your skin ... After the first time I used this product , I was hooked . The little sugar crystals are n't abrasive and as you rub them on your skin , they disappear . I used it all over my body and focused in on the dry spots , too . It worked for every body part and after 12 hours my skin still looked great -LRB- and I did n't use any lotion because I wanted to see the difference -RRB- . The citrus smell is not overwhelming - it is extremely pleasant . I could rave on and on about this product - or you could just try it and see for yourself !! I price shopped around , and this is the best price I found !
 I just love it , it has mild citrus smell and your skin feels 5X softer .
 I absolutely love this body scrub ! It smells wonderful . The delicious citrus scent is alluring . The crystals smooth the skin and dissolve quickly under the water . The amount of oil in the scrub is just right . I love it that after taking my scrub shower , that my skin is smooth soft and moisturized . When I use the sugar scrub , I do n't need to put on lotion because of the moisturizing in the shower . One of the reviewers noted about the oily feel to the bathtub after using the scrub . This is true , but I do n't mind the oily aftermath of the tub because my skin feels so good . A quick spray and wipe to the tub does the trick . I highly recommend this scrub for those who love yummy citrus scents , would like smooth healthy skin and a lasting skin moisturizer .
 Beautiful and sensual the feel that this body scrub leaves on the body.A good buy .
 I ordered this product back in 09 , not from amazon though . I have experienced good results with Alter Ego . The scent is not bad , strong , but not overly musky . The key to the scent is to only use ONE drop and rub on wrist followed by immediately rubbing the neck with the wrist . I have also been successful Pheromax , but for some reason I prefer this one .
 This is a birthday gift for my son , he asked for it by name , he enjoys wearing it and it smells wonderful . Also appreciated the quick service .
 I love researching skin care which is how I found out five years ago about skinceuticals vitamin c serums . It never dawned I me in the past five years that there could be other options that are superior . Fast forward to six months ago , I start to look into other vitc serum options ... I tried homemade ... and honestly for the most part the results are the same . . as skinceuticals . . both are great ... it 's just that cellex-c advanced c serum is far superior . Skinceuticals was founded by two individuals one of which started cellex-c . The skinceuticals team has an amazing sales person which is why most people do n't even know about this company ... as far as technology goes , I have to give it to cellex-c . I am 32 half Asian with good skin , and I take crazy good care of it . I explain this because I am somewhat used to friends/fam asking what I use . The most noticeable difference in my skin happened after using this product . Even more then retinol . This has magic in it . . I guess that patented chemical makes all the difference . Please know that I am also all about DIY . . this formulation is inimitable . That 's why it 's worth spending the money . Another strange aspect of this is that lasts longer ... I do n't know why but the liquid spreads more ... hue bonus . Def purchase here as its about 50 percent cheaper then Anywhere else.Pros
 I 've tried many different kinds of pheromones and really and truly this is the best one . People are generally nicer to me , look me in the eyes , and are just more receptive towards me . It 's small amount but goes a long way . I put half of it in a water bottle and add lots of water and then can use it as a mist . If I go on a date I just put a dab behind my ears and a bit on my cleavage ... and it works like a charm ! Totally worth the price !
 I ordered this , based on the reviews . I ordered on 11/16 , and received it on 11/21 -LRB- I needed it by 11/29 -RRB- . I love the musky smell . I only tested 1 drop on my wrist . I have to say that after a couple of hours , the smell turned into a strong sex smell ... not bad , but definitely sex . I 'm going to test it out at work next week , but the real test is on 11/30 . I 'll report my findings then .12 / 6/12
 i am really satisfied with this purchase ... it heats up fast ... and its great that it had different heat settings for different types of styling ! < 3
 This pen is one of those products that changed my life , and I will never be without in the future . I have very dry skin and in winter come out of the shower with dry , cracked , white cuticles that look horrible . One minute with this pen after a shower , which rubs oil on the cuticle while simultaneously pusing them in , instantly makes my nails look like I just had a manicure . I keep short nails because I am a musician so I rarely get a professional job , but this pen does the trick . Eliminates hang nails , too .
 My father has worn this cologne since I can remember . It is very masculine without being overbearing . He has gotten several compliments on it at work and at church . I tend to get headaches with many fragrances , but not with Aramis . I would suggest to try a small bottle and see if it agrees with you . I bet many will go back and buy the larger bottle !
 I have fine , straight , thick hair . It 's kind of an unusual combination and I have trouble finding the right products because most of them weigh it down . But not this one ! It is the best styling product I 've ever used and I 'm glad to find a source for it .
 I loved the product , but when I went back to get another bottle , I discovered it had nearly doubled in price ... so no thanks ... I 'll find something else .
 This product is wonderful . It is creamy and goes on so smooth . I use it not only as a lip liner but as my lipstick as well . It lasts a long time and the price is great . Every time I wear it -LRB- which is often -RRB- I get comments on how great the color is . The color is `` Nearly Nude '' but it is really a creamy pink with nude undertones . I love it and purchased 5 at a time and will keep on buying .
 I happened upon this product at Nordstrom 's Rack and picked up one . Boy did I wish I had grabbed a handful . I have been buying Origin 's automatic lip liner for about $ 22.00 a pop and these are just as good , if not better . On a lark I searched Amazon to see if they had them . Yep ! I use the Black Berry as I like to wear dark and wine colored lipsticks . I am going to grab a handful this time . The liner goes on easily and keeps my lipstick in place . Makes a nice frame for the lipstick .
 I have tried every kind of foundation , department store and drug store , in my quest to find the best one and i have finally found it ! I never really had luck with revlon products before , hated highly hyped colostay make up -LRB- even one for dry skin was too drying -RRB- and did n't really like Age Defying Foundation with DNA Advantage -LRB- it just sat on the top of my skin and had way too much glitter -RRB- . But this one is ideal for me ! Might not be for people with oily skin . It leaves skin , moist and dewy looking . If you prefer drier more matte and powdery finish , it 's not for you . i do not have a dry skin , just normal , but powdery finish make up makes my skin look tired . This one makes my skin look young and moisturized but not overly oily , just very natural looking . The only issue is that it 's hard to find your true color , because the color in the bottle looks couple shades darker than it goes on the skin , thankfully the seller -LRB- Simply Savvy LLC -RRB- was very gracious and helpful , buy from them if they carry your color , the best customer service I 've ever encountered ! Once you find your color , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I like that it covers naturally and protects my face . I 've been using this for a lot of years.I wash my face with a gentle cleanser , while my face is still damp , massage in a little no fragrance lotion -LRB- for sensitive skin -RRB- , and then add little dabs of Revlon makeup on my face and spread gently using a dampened makeup sponge.I highly recommend Revlon makeup and am so grateful that it is still available to order . I like that my face is protected from the sun and gentle to use makeup .
 I like this foundation and have worn it for years . It has light coverage , a little sunscreen which is good . Last time I got the wrong color -- nude beige -- which is quite fair , but I wear it anyway and it seems to blend in without making me look too ghostly . Will order a little darker next time .
 I have tried several of the expensive foundations but keep coming back to this line . It leaves my skin looking great and feeling moisturized .
 AMAZON PUT BACK THE PHONE LINES IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CUSTOMERS.THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT.REVLON WAS FOOLISH FOR DISCONTINUING.IT.DO YOU HAVE MORE THAT I CAN ORDER ?
 Love this perfume . Ca n't find it anywhere but online . Very satisfied with my purchase . Perfume is still fresh and vibrant smelling not like it 's set around forever . Shipped and arrived very fast . Will be reordering from this seller .
 I have tried just about every cleanser out there and this is my all time favorite . It leaves my skin feeling much more hydrated and moisturized compared to other cleansers . I swim laps 3 days a week so need a good cleanser for removing chemicals and any bacteria from the pool . This has worked great . I ca n't say enough about Exuviance products . They are worth every penny .
 These are stellar . The velvety texture on the barrel keeps them from falling out of my short , super-fine hair . I use them every day , not just for traveling . I 've recommended them to some friends already .
 I have since purchased Exuviance 's make up -LRB- it feels great -RRB- . But this mask is AMAZING . Really , it absorbs oil , but does n't dry out my skin . It does something to the scar tissue without damaging healthy skin . I do moisturize after but when I do n't , my face is okay . I like this mask .
 After applying the Exuviance Rejuvinating Treatment Mask , I went and relaxed with a book for about 30 minutes . I could feel it tighten as it dried . Once it completely dried I peeled it off -LRB- the fun part -RRB- and rinsed the more stubborn areas with warm water . The effects were immediate . My skin felt softer and looked fresh and smooth.The Exuviance Rejuvenating Treatment Masque in my opinion is the best treatment mask I have used . I loved the fresh scent , the easy application and the noticeably healthier complexion .
 Purchased this after I realized it was available . I use the day cream which is also a sunblock and use the night cream . Eventually I am going to faze out of the other brand name I was using . Makes your skin look great !!!
 I have adult acne that comes and goes especially when under stress and I gave this 5 stars because it really helped clear up my skin .
 I love this product but can not find it in my area . It 's quick , not messy , and the color last for about six weeks . Just as stated in the directions , I can use the product on the same day as putting a relaxer on my hair . Works for me .
 When I read the review from the woman that said she was really pale I assumed she meant she was really pale ... so I bought this in hopes that it would work , but its too dark , I am always the lightest color of foundation possible if that helps . So if you are really pale do not buy this . But the good news is that it is a very good concealer , it blocks out any redness and dark circles , I wear a concealer from illuminar right now and its good but this would have been better if the color worked .
 I just started using this product after getting a sample by mail with another product I ordered . I ca n't say enough good things about this concealer ! ITS AMAZING !!!!!!!!!! I have used every kind of concealer around from low to VERY high end products . This is by far the best one around !! It 's light and does n't set into wrinkles around your eyes . . Yet it covers everything perfectly and you hardly have to use any ! I not only use this to cover up blemishes but I also use this for my all over foundation . Like I said before you only have to use a small amount . A pea size does my whole face ! It does have different shades but I feel like it blends in so well and almost changes to your personal skin tone . Will never stop using this ! LOVE LOVE LOVE !!!!!!
 Finally I have found a great concealer . I used it under my eyes only , and have found it is perfect for me . A lot of concealers give me raccoon eyes because they are to moist and my mascara bleeds . But this one works great . Good coverage , and a little goes far , so justifies spending just a little more than other brands . I apply after moisturizer , and before foundation . Works great .
 I 'm in my 70 's & have used it for years ... Just takes the tiniest bit to completely cover your face . Then apply your regular makeup . The brown & red spots just disappear !
 My daughter is hooked on this concealer . She is very fair and its the only concealer that works for her .
 Bought this to disguise redness occurring with rosacea . It does a good job when used over a moisturizer and primer covering the redness but not cracking . Recommend using it with a primer and moisturizer .
 Covers well but still lightweight , dries matte but not cakey . Lasts all day , nice finish . You can layer it if more is needed .
 If you 're concerned about the price , I 've had this same tube of concealer for close to 10 years . It is the best concealer I 've ever used . I also started using it to cover under eye circles . It 's the best .
 I really like this concealer . It covers better than any other I 've ever tried and stays on until I wash it off . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it does tend to get a bit cakey . I primarily got it for dark under eye circles . Be careful to put it on in light , thin layers around the eye area . I have a small scar on my cheek and this covers it completely . A little bit goes a long way , too .
 I 've been using this product for a few years now and can not imagine ever being without it . I have terrible dark circles under my eyes and the difference after applying this product is remarkable . I HIGHLY recommend it .
 This is the only concealer I use now . I 've tried so many over the years from very expensive to drugstore brands and even tried a professional make-up artists ' product but none were as good as CoverBlend . It has very good coverage but in a creamy consistency -LRB- not pancakey -RRB- that does n't end up settling into the fine lines under your eye by the end of the day -LRB- making your fine wrinkles look like crevices -RRB- . They do n't have a wide range of colors but the ones they have are in tones that look very natural on the skin and you can always blend 2 shades to get the exact shade you want -LRB- which is what professionals recommend doing anyway -RRB- . An excellent product and 1 tube lasts for ages as a little goes a long way , so good value for your money too .
 I had tried this several years ago at a department store . When I was running out of product -LRB- which I only use a very small amount around mouth where I had some laser surgery -RRB- I was lucky enough to find this on line . Really works .
 i love this stuff . i 've gone through several tubes for my dark circles . great for the price , it has lots of concealer in a small tube .
 I 've been using this product for a couple of years now . I 've tried other products but have always came back as nothing else covers imprefections as well . Can be a bit chalky if you do n't blend well and only use as a cover-up and not a full face foundation .
 Product covers my black allery eye circles perfectly without drying the eye area ; it stays until you wash it away .
 I 've searched high and low for at least all my adult life for a decent concealer but I was n't successful UNTIL I FOUND THIS ! You need just a little small dab and covers age spots and softens all facial moles . It 's like having a makeover every morning in the comfort of your home ! I tried this product at my local CVS Pharmacy after I received a coupon in the mail . It took a couple of tries to find the `` right '' shade but when I did , it has become an absolute essential to my daily application . Give it a try today ~
 I 've been cursed by dark circles all my life . I 've never used a concealer that did n't have some major drawback - too dark , too light , too much creasing , too heavy , too drying.Saw this product at Ulta and tried it on . The color is excellent , not too thin , not too thick . Wears all day . Simply the best I 've tried , and I 've tried many .
 This product works great at covering dark spots on my face which I developed during pregnancy . I tried expensive bleaching cream and paid for many dermatology visits to no avail until I found this great little tube . Its long-lasting throughout the day and is the only product which has effectively concealed the darker pigmentation . I love that it has spf , as any sun exposure darkens these spots . The price point is affordable . Only a little is needed , so it lasts forever . I keep thinking my tube is almost out , but it continues to give me the few drops I need -LRB- for months :-RRB- It gives me confidence and I love that if I have a picture taken , I ca n't see the dark spots across my face !! Very happy with the purchase and will get again !!
 This concealer is great for everyday use . I bought it because it does not contain anything I 'm allergic to . It gives good coverage and a little goes a long way . The color matches my light skin nicely .
 The concealer does what it 's supposed to do . I 've been using it for a couple of years on my face and legs . I use it sparingly so a small tube lasts a long time . The consistency is just right even to the end of the tube .
 Hey I love this stuff ... I bought it unseen based upon reviews because I was terribly desparate to find an acceptable replacement for my phenomenal private salon brand concealor . That product was unbelievable and lasted forever but cost 85 bucks a pop !!!! This turned out to be almost as good ... it is n't as thick as my original product , but it was much less draggy to apply . It covers much better than all store bought products ive encountered and the big bonus is that it diminishes the appearance of dark spots when u keep applying it to an area ... like acne scars ... and it does n't flare up my acne . Also it does n't rub off easily like cheap oil based products ... powder sets this beautifully . I have been using this in the light shade for about 7 months and its still almost full.I just purchased this for my mom for mother 's day ... I used it on her black eye that she got from an overenthusiastic toddler and she was really impressed and asked to have her undereyes touched up as well as an age spot ... needless to say she wanted to take this stuff home . Now she will have her own and I will continue to purchase this product for us both!Update on my shipping ... I checked on amazon the day my product was estimated to arrive and the status showed it had been delivered several days earlier . This was not the case and clearly was a problem having to do with my postal service ... I emailed the seller and the next day they sent out a replacement which I got before mother 's day-thankfully-and it was sent registered mail this time . I feel bad that the postal service caused them to lose product and money , but it should work out in the long run because I 'll continue to order from them due to their great service and quality skin care items ! Great customer service , guys !
 Love this concealer cant be without it . Been using it for a year now . I use to wear cover girl foundation and face powder but never knew this was the cause of my acne . Used covergirl to cover up acne even though I was breaking out too much . I just realize it was the makeup . I recommend this concealer . Its a light coverage .
 This is the best concealer I have ever used !! It covers great and is easy to apply . not heavy , has great smooth effect , I love it !!
 I had just received this concealer . I ca n't really give much insight for how good of a conceal it really is compared to other products since this is the first concealer I have ever bought , and I was just blown away by the results . It arrived on time , packaged nicely , and they included a gift as well ! How thoughtful and nice of them ! I will definitely be a customer in the future as well .
 THIS IS BY FAR MY FAVORITE CONCEALER . DOES NOT CREASE AT ALL . COVERAGE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER , BUT STILL A GREAT PRODUCT .
 I love this cover up . I 'm very fair but do tan easily so I can alway get the right shade just by mixing a little of the medium with my normal fair . I 've tried everything , Bare Minerals , Avon 's nothing covers as well or as easily as CoverBlend . I 'm fair with a sometimes ruddy complexion but you would never know it thank to this coverup ! People always tell me I have beautiful skin . This is my little secret !
 I have to say this is a mighty working product to use with the issues I am having . With it providing coverage to skin imperfections such as age spots , acne scars , dark under eye circles and blemishes this is truly amazing cover up item to use . I really love how well it blends into the skin and it is n't heavy . Plus it covers up really well with my dark circles it can truly hide them for me . Plus , if I would get a issue with a blemish I am sure this would cover that up with no problem if it covers my huge dark circles up .
 I love this concealer . It covers everything and blends well with makeup . Can also be worn alone . Cover your problem areas and go .
 Have been using this as a light concealer for a few years and do not go anywhere without it!PROS : * easy to bring during travel , vacations due to small size * waterproof , can swim , goto beach , sweat , etc and will not smudge off or be noticeable at all . This is a big reason why I love this product ! * easy to apply by hand * small tube lasts a long , long time and multiple tubes can be stored for long time * natural looking and basically unobtrusive , people will not even know you are using itCONS : * about 15-20 dollars per tube , but lasts me about 3-4 weeks per tube which I think is very reasonable
 Covers almost everything.When I use it on undereye shadows , need to moisturize area first to avoid cracking.Otherwise , excellent.This is my second tube and I use it every day.Shipper got it to me within just a few days , too .
 I always have a hard time finding a concealer that is just right . But this concealer I found years ago , and I 've been using it ever since ! I have dark bags under my eyes and this concealer helps lighten them up . Definitely recommend it !
 This gives great coverage and it lasts all day . If you use it under eyes it does show lines and wrinkles as your skin loses moisture during the day . I would purchase again .
 Very effective product and cost effective . The smallest amount of this concealer covers under eyes and stays put . Creases a bit but not as much as some other products that give less coverage .
 I feel a little sick when I think of how much money I 've spent over the years on high-end concealers and how poorly they work compared to CoverBlend . I have very light skin which shows ever mark . I do n't suffer from any major disfigurements but have the usual dark eye circles , little red marks after a pimple , etc. . I use CoverBlend in light and apply with a tiny brush . The smallest dot of Coverblend completely removes the discoloration and looks very natural . I have started using just Coverblend each morning on any marks , pat it in to blend , and often do n't even need powder on top . I like a very natural look and when applied properly this makes skin look flawless and non-made-up . For reference , I have very light , neutral-toned skin which is normal with some dryness around eyes and oiliness in t-zone . I also tend to break out very easily . The Coverblend has not caused any clogged pores or breakouts . ` Light ' is very light ivory , no real pink or yellow undertones . In fact , I bought the next shade , ` Beige ' to mix into the light when I need it a little darker . I usually wear the second-lightest shade in foundations . Out of curiosity , I dabbed some of this onto a dark mole on my arm to see how it covered and it worked very well , so if you have a real mark to conceal I think this would work for that too .
 be sure and apply this is multiple light layers ! It is the best I have ever purchased/used -LRB- here or anywhere -RRB- . I purchased two-1 light and 1 beige due to past experience , light is usually too light and beige is to dark . Put em together and perfection .
 This stuff is the best of its kind ! I was born with very pasty , thin skin . As a result , I have always had what is referred to as `` hollow eye syndrome , '' which in other words simply means that I have permanent , very dark purple-blue dark circles under my eyes . Since I was only about 12 , I have been trying every so-called `` concealer '' imaginable to man , but everything out there was either not thick enough , too orange , cracked and creased within hours -LRB- and I had to reapply it -RRB- , or came right off when my eyes watered , or when I went swimming . CoverBlend Multi-Function Concealer SPF 15 Light has NONE of those problems . None . Ever since I found this product in a CVS years ago -LRB- no longer sold in any stores I can find -RRB- , it is the only product I have been buying to cover my very deep dark circles as well as my acne and of course mild blemishes as well . I now look like a normal person . I can even swim and most of the stuff will stay on . It stays on all day and I can put as little or as much on to increase or decrease the opacity . It 's smooth and easy to blend with your finger , and it does n't leave streaks or anything weird looking like that!It does n't even crease when I laugh hard like every other concealer I 've tried . It even beats the horribly expensive stuff . Also something to note
 Just purchased this product and was totally amazed !!! I have tried so many differect concealer products and was disappointed each time with their efficacy . The first time I used ColorBlend , I knew I 'd finally found what I have been searching for . It conceals so well , and looks so natural . Thank you ColorBlend .
 I have a rather fair complexion , so much as to give a new difinition for the term , `` fair-skinned . '' Along with my fair-skin comes the infamous , DARK CIRCLES under my eyes . Since my a teen I have been trying different products to hide those hideous dark circles . I 've used powders , creams , gels , lotions , anything and everything from low cost to high . I was never really satisfied with a product ; did n't stay on long enough , felt oily , and the most common reason , the cracking/caking look . I went on the hunt , yet again , to see if I could fulfill my quest at finding a workable product for my unsightly circles and decided to give CoverBlend a try . I dabbed a little on and was complete amazed at how little I had to use . When I say dabbed on , I even mean small dots about the size of the end of a pencil . I used about four or five of those dots and was able to complete transfix my complexion to NORMAL . I asked my husband what he thought , and thought it looked good . I am a nurse and do n't want my co-workers thinking I am fatigued or anemic , so I definately try to hide my dark circles . I told a co-worker I was wearing a new concealer and asked her to tell me what she thought , as she 's seen my circles at their darkest , when my other make-ups fade off . She really thought it looked great . I have had it on for my 121/2 hour shift and my dark circles are STILL HIDDEN !!! That is some feat since I run up and down hallways , caring for patients . I CA N'T BELIEVE IT !!! I have actually found a product that works for me . If you 've had as many troubles as I have , try this product !!
 It 's the most long lasting concealer I 've found but please , with any heavy use of concealer it is critical to use a primer underneath the concealer . ANY concealer will sink into your lines and cake if you do n't . Nevertheless this is natural , easily layerable and looks good in sunlight , which is always the harshest light out there .
 i suffer from severe skin discoloration and i cant tell you how good this product is at hiding most if not all of it . For those people who have issues relating to skin , pls try this as it is by far one of the best concealers i have come across ...
 This is the only thing that works for me . What a lifesaver ! The tube lasts me a year . If you are self-conscious about dark circles , this is the product for you .
 I love this lotion . I am very upset they discontinued it . I 've never found anything else that has left my skin feeling as soft as this lotion does . It goes on smooth and it feels clean , not greasy .
 Neutrogena may have discontinued this product due to low demand . However , it remains one of the most effective products at diminishing small wrinkles and keeping skin healthy . This is due to the copper peptides , which have been scientifically proven to rejuvenate thin skin layers.Another nice plus is the small amount of paraffin in the product , which makes it very smooth , retains the skin 's natural moisture longer , and makes the product cover more area.Low scent makes this a good candidate for use by both men and women .
 I agree with the other folks . Too bad this has been discontinued . It is the best lotion ever . Goes on smoothly , not greasy , smells mildly fresh . I love everything about it .
 I bought this Neutragena Visibly Firm Body Lotion with active copper for my mother . She uses in as a facial lotion . Her skin looks amazingly better than when using the much more expensive anti-wrinkle lotions designed for faces . She has no ill effects with it either , which is surprising since it is n't marketed as being facial quality . We highly recommend trying this product ! It used to be available in stores , but now we can only find it on-line .
 I loved this product!I was burned twice on my face and this was the one product that I have ever needed for my face , I didnt need makeup my skin always was soft and firm looking , now I cant find anything to compare and my skin has been rough and very dry.They sell less for way more , the more was better cause I used it even on my belly and legs.I miss it ...
 The reason the was discontinued was so that they could replace it with Neutrogena Body Moisturizer , Firming , Active Copper , 6.7 Ounce Bottle for $ 20.00 instead of the 8.5 ounce bottle for $ 8.00 !! I purchased the newer version , and it is so watery that you use it up in a couple of days !! Bah !!! -LRB- The ingredients are the same , just more water and smaller bottle for three times the price ! -RRB-
 this is the only moisturizer that i have found that actually makes a difference in the looks and feel of your skin -- maybe because of being over 50 but whatever the reason i recommend this lotion highly-myrt
 I love this product , it truly firms up the body . Also did you know that copper peptides can promote nailgrowt ? I truly hope that this will never be d/c .
 This is the only toners I have used that make my skin feel so refreshing - the smell and the feel is great . It actually makes my skin feel more moisturized . I like using this toner at night because it makes me feel very comfortble after use and do not even need any more night cream . I have sensitive and dry skin this toner makes me feel my skin very soothing .
 This is one of the only toners I have used that does n't make my skin feel dry and tight . It is so refreshing - the smell and the feel . It actually makes my skin feel more moisturized . I wear makeup every day and I cleanse my face , but I like using this toner because it removes any traces of makeup left on my skin , which makes it feel even more clean after cleansing . I have very sensitive skin that overreacts and this toner is very soothing .
 This was my first MAC lipstick and there is hardly anything bad I can say about it . It 's described as a brick red , which in natural lighting holds true , although in different lighting situations it can look anywhere from a dark vampy red to a bright red . Dubonnet is n't a matte color like MAC 's other famous red lipsticks , but on the contrary , it 's also incredibly moisturizing , even for my chronically dry lips.As for the saturation of this lip color , it 's pretty intense . Just a few dabs on the lips should give you enough color to start , and despite being so saturated and moisturizing , it does n't bleed . I did n't even need to use lip liner with this , and it stayed put even after having Thanksgiving dinner with my parents.My only complaint about this is that it 's not matte . I feel it would look much better with a matte texture ; it does look somewhat shiny , which I just do n't like , I think it takes away from the color and can be distracting . Otherwise , this is a fave lipstick of mine that is pretty `` on-trend '' right now .
 I bought this serum for a friend of mine who lives in Italy and can not find it easily . She swears that it is the only serum that makes her skin feel and look younger . Great experience with vendor
 I got introduced to this product when I was shopping at Ulta about 2 years ago . I was using Obagi and my skin was soooo very dry and flaky , I needed help bad ! One of the Exuviance rep was available and recommended vespera bionic serum and I WAS AMAZED ! Whenever I notice that my skin looks little dry or tired , I use this under my regular moisturizer and sunblock . It makes my makeup go on smoother and my skin just looks so much better . During winter time -LRB- when the heater is on all night -RRB- I usually wake up w / really dry looking skin , but when I put this on before I got to bed , I wake up w / my skin looking great ! Much cheaper here on amazon vs. Ulta ! give it a try !
 The title say it all . This Exuviance-Vespera Bionic Serum the only brand I trust to my skin . I 'm using this product for about ten years now my skin looks youthfull than ever . I 'm glad this product is always available . I recommend this to my friends and family , after only few applications they notice the amazing results on their skin . I thank the company for marketing a real skin care that trully works . I will not use other product except this Vespera Bionic Serum.Marietta Parry Exuviance - Vespera Bionic Serum
 I was very pleased to purchase this product at such a great price point . It is an excellent product . But even better , the product was delivered quickly and in perfect condition . I would go back to this vendor again .
 This is a great product at a decent price for women in their 40 's . Many pricey over the counter products I purchase at department stores do not even contain hyaluronic acids . I use this under a regular moisturizer at night , and I wake up with my skin feeling lush and supple , not dry . In weeks , I see apparent improvement in the texture of my skin and diminished lines . I tried using other serums claiming similar preventive purposes and or results but nothing compares to the comfort and results delivered by Vespera Bionicc serum . I 'm on my second bottle and most likely will stick with it .
 This non-oily serum is a delight . Just a dab works for the whole face . Super-rich in emollients , it is ideal for aging skin . This item is a bit pricey , but so worth it . I originally was sold on this product at Ulta Beauty Supply and the price was about 10 % higher there than through Amazon , which I found to be the cheapest anywhere . The entire Exuviance line is quite wonderful . I am 63 and live in the high altitude and very dry Sierra Nevada Mountains and this product keeps my skin moisturized without being oily or greasy and looking young and vital .
 I used to use the Exuviance day cream with SPF15 during the day , then Exuviance night cream for evening . My skin is very good and I am in my 40th . Since I started to use this 2 weeks ago , I certainly noticed the difference in my skin . It 's much more hydrated and does not feel nor have the occasional dry feeling any more.The serum feels a bit sticky at first , I pat my face a couple of times and the serum sink in right away . Then I put Exuviance cream OR Cerave cream on top and my face feel well moisturized through the day . It 's working wonderfully and I will certainly purchase again .
 I have been using Exuviance Vespera Bionic for a year now and it is fantastic . Getting Exuviance Vespera Bionic at Amazon saves me a great deal and the service is greatI always receive my purchases on time or even earlier than expected . All of the Exuviance products are great .
 I absolutely love this serum . It takes very little to cover the face and neck . It will sticky at first but dries to a nice soft finish . I use it under my moisturizer . After only 4 weeks seeing great results.Strongly recommend this product .
 This is exactly the loofah I hve been looking for . Very narrow and light in color - also nicely rounded - perfect for my hobby . The only downside - shipping costs are outrageous on a product that weighs ounces .
 And what a body scrubber it is ! This loofa must be forged in depths of the underworld to pamper thick hides of the local fire-breathing sabertooth dragons.But if you do n't want to splurge on this wonder that will leave you refreshingly free of outer layer of skin , any brick or metal brush will do just as well .
 This is a very good product . I begin use this evening creme , about a month ago and i can already see some subtle improvements on my skin .
 This is a great product ; I have been using it for years and love it . The container changed recently and I do n't like the new style so rather than buy it in the store as I normally do , I tried to find it online in the old tub container . I did n't read the reviews because I had no questions about the product itself , but I guess I should have because I would have seen that it came in a different structure than pictured and known not to purchase it here .
 For almost five years now I have used Neostrata products and followed their recommended routine in the morning and before bed and I love every product I use , but this is one of my favorites . I put this on before bed just after washing and using toner on my face and neck . The next morning I rinse it off in the shower and lightly exfoliate and my skin feels and looks amazing . I actually have fewer wrinkles on my face and neck since starting this routine . But the biggest improvement I have seen is in my pore size . They used to be big and were growing as I aged but now they look like they did 20 years ago.I consider this to be a great value too because one jar lasts a long time for me . In fact , every Neostrata product I use lasts an incredibly long time with the one exception of the eye cream , but I 'm not sure why I go through that so much faster and ca n't say if it 's the way I use it or it 's just not as big a jar as it should be.Two minor negatives to mention - this lotion feels a bit greasy on but my skin is oily and it may not feel that way for someone with dry skin , and , the scent , which is nice , but is refreshing and invigorating rather than being something more conducive to going to bed - like lavender . I still give this five stars because both negatives are so minor compared to the clear , smooth , non-wrinkled appearance of my skin .
 I wanted to write this review for anyone who might be cautious about buying something that seems like an intense moisterizer , or might be concerned regarding the price.I have always had horrifically sensitive skin and problems with acne - it started when I was 12 and I am now 29 . -LRB- I put as a kids review to keep my `` real name '' from showing up ! -RRB- I go through periods of combination , dry , and oily skin depending on the seasons . I went into my local Ulta store back in December and I was lucky enough to see the NeoStrata -LRB- makers of Exuviance -RRB- rep in the store . She gave me a consultation and I bought all of her products . I 've never done this before but she had me convinced and told me it had a 30 day guarantee . At that point , I felt I had nothing to lose.By the very next day , my skin was improved . It was hydrated , glowing , and looked pretty , even with acne.I stopped using the cream for a few days as the spring approached -LRB- usually when my dryness comes back -RRB- and almost immediately , the acne came back and the `` pretty '' quality of my skin disappeared ! I used it the next night , and again noticed the same improvement from my first use!Even better , the bottle lasts about six months as it only takes a VERY small amount to cover your whole face.The only con is that it will give your skin a `` dewy '' appearance ... So to some people that may feel too greasy.I am about to go splurge and buy some more Neo products . = -RRB- Happy shopping to all of you !
 I can see a difference in my skin after just a few weeks of using the product . I really am happy with the results ! My skin looks smoother and the few lines I have seem to be less noticable .
 I am in my 40th and have very good skin in general . Over the years I tried many different creams -LRB- both expensive & inexpensive brands -RRB- and keeps coming back to this one . It 's light weight and it does not feel greasy at all . It works great to keep my skin moisturized at night & exfoliated at the same time . It 's a great cream and the price is great-I get it from Butystore when they have super discount : - -RRB- NeoStrata makes very good functional products . Will definitely buy it again .
 As a self-professed beauty product junkie , I must admit that this really is a great night cream ! I have used many of Exuviance 's products and find this to be one of the best . The texture is smooth and has an instant effect on the skin . It 's so good that my fiance who barely uses anything on his face started using it and is hooked - now I have to buy twice as much .
 My dermatologist recommeded this cream to me about two years ago and I use it every day on my face and neck . I do n't know about it making a difference to wrinkles but I always get people telling me that I look like I 'm 25 when I 'm actually 36 . Instead of using it at night I use it in the morning under my foundation . Using it this way makes my foundation application much smoother and looks better than with any other type of lotion I 've tried.This cream does not feel at all greasy or heavy and has a subtle scent . I have sensitive skin that 's typical T-zone -LRB- dry on cheeks and oilier on forehead , nose , chin -RRB- and I 've been very happy with Exuviance .1.75 ounces generally lasts about 6 months or more because it does n't take very much to cover your face and neck.Update
 Have been using Exuviance products for many years they are the best . Its too bad they are not widely known . Everyone would look a lot younger !!! Exuviance should be advertising their products .
 I wanted to try this moisturizer since I love Exuviance foundation . I was hoping I 'd also fall in love with this skin treatment . I ca n't criticize anything specific , but I did n't love it . It has a nice texture , and a little goes a long way . It does make my skin feel soft , and the scent is n't too heavy . For a similar price , though , I think I prefer the Olay Pro-X or Regenerist line . Primary reason ? I did have a few small break-outs after using Exuviance Restorative Complex for a couple of weeks . Did the Exuviance cause this ? I 'm not sure . With the easy availability of Olay , I think I 'll return to that family of skin care products .
 Some days my skin is very oily and other days it is dry . I use this a few nights each week to even out troubled-looking areas . It is very gentle and leaves my face looking and feeling healthier in the morning .
 Wonderful ingredients , super moisturizer , and beautiful fragrance . Reminds me of hikes through a botanical garden in the tropical forests of Maui ! I loved the heavenly fragrance of the white ginger plants . This brings me right back to those gardens and the scent of those lovely blossoms ! I use this oil instead of lotion and it absorbs and moisturizers nicely .
 I love this stuff ! I first bought in Hawaii and it made my skin feel and smell so wonderful . So I bought it online to bring me back to those great hawaii memories when I cant be there in person !
 I first bought this oil while visiting Hawaii.I love it.I 'm glad I can buy it now at home . When I use it it 's like being in the Islands .
 This is a nice lighter version of Tresor for the summer . I 've enjoyed it , although it does not smell just like Tresor .
 I 'm practically an albino so I 've had no luck with this type of product until now . The coloring is gradual and looks like a light base golden brown and has a nice scent . Good as it gets .
 I am very pale and have not had many good experiences with fake tans . I will not sit out in the sun or use a tanning bed because skin cancer runs in my family . Most products streak and start to fade away in certain areas really fast . I do n't have much streaking with this , but I do have spots like behind my knees and the insides of my elbows where the color rubs away pretty fast . I ca n't totally blame this on the lotion because I do run almost everyday and when running , my skin does rub together in these areas , so that may be the problem . Other than that , this stuff is pretty good . Not too much I can complain about .
 Being fair skinned , this is the perfect product to give my skin a little color without the damaging UV rays ! Love it !!
 Exactly what I wanted . A small , compact brush with a mirror . It feels well made . Would definitely recommend it to a friend .
 So glad I found this product . It works fast and it is strong . I also use a facial cleanser and toner but this is awesome for occassional breakouts .
 I started using this for acne that start with menopause ! And after trying several other brands got a free sample of this and have never stopped using it since.I put it on every day after washing my face morning and night and acne has completely cleared up . Seller was really great and very nice to me , sending it very quickly .
 This works great . I have used it a number of times , and it does a great job . Beats using a lighter any day . .
 What can I say , I 've been buying Alfred Sung products for my wife for over thirty years and she still likes it as much as I do . Not too heavy , not too intense with that slightly intoxicating floral alure that lingers in your mind.All Alfred Sung products seem to be well tuned and balanced and , unlike the early years , now much more affordable . ` Pure ' is my wife 's favorite but she also likes the origianal ` Alfred Sung ' perfume and toilet water . So when it comes to a birthday or Christams gift I 'll get her one of each -LRB- variety is the ` spice ' remember -RRB- and I 'll include the hand cream - which she says is great . She 's always running out so it 's a gift staple that always hits the mark.Personal scents are just that - very personal - and trying to figure out what a woman will like is difficult to say the least . But buying that first bottle of Sung , though risky , really paid off . She sprayed it on , loved it , and has been hooked ever since . How many times has a gift to your ` better half ' had that lasting effect ?
 I do n't find Pure to be very green but it is floral . It opens with a white floral POW ! , likely the lily & freesia combination , but it quickly mellows into a soft , soapy floral . JB78 review is spot-on with his review of Pure as a sheer floral that 's marine fresh . Pure was launched about the time as Happy & Pleasures , but I find Pure to be more likable nearly 15 years after launch.Pure is one of those fragrances that is easy to put on & easy to wear . Clean & feminine . Something to wear when you do n't know what to wear . Everyone should have a perfume like that in their wardrobe - this is mine .
 Smells SO good . Lots of compliments - bottle top is a little cheap looking but who really cares about bottle tops
 This product should really be called cream perfume.This hand cream has a lovely scent but is the scent is very strong , much stronger than it was in other of the Perlier Peony scent products I 've used.If Amazon offered 1/2 stars in their rating stars I would have given it 4-1/2 rather than a 4 . The `` cream '' itself is n't anything special by providing more softness or moisture than much less expensive national brand products and in reality probably a little less.What you 're buying this product for is the scent , not the softening .
 I normally use Perlier Honey products but I decided to be adventurous and try something else from them . It is very good ! The scent is a very warm , heady floral , with a type of muskyness , that you can tell is not animal derived . I ca n't think of a better way to describe it . I use it as a body lotion and it 's not heavy or greasy . It 's my new Summer weather wear choice because it 's NOT overly sweet like the usual gardenia or honeysuckle based scents that I favor for that time . Long lasting in our famous Virginia hot and muggy Summers . Try it if you like other Perlier products . As always , premium quality , and a nice affordable little luxury !!
 I like this scent and it is no longer made in this particular configuration ... I was happy to find it so reasonably priced here .
 I really do n't have to review this product since I have been using it for some time . The only problem is that the stores where I used to buy it do n't carry it anymore . It is the most satisfying fragrance I have used for a long time . I would like to buy it in larger sizes but did n't find it at the time I placed my order .
 Got this for my Mom -LRB- she 's in her 80 's -RRB- and she loves it . Goes on nice and smells great . I came back for more . Would give it as a gift or keep for myself !
 I used the emu oil faithfully over the course of several weeks and had very noticeable benefits . Very fine lines vanished -LRB- really ! -RRB- and deeper lines diminished noticeably . My husband even commented on the difference . Further , my complexion is pinkish from rosacea , and the emu oil took some -LRB- not all -RRB- of the pink from my skin . Finally , the skin on my cheeks had been inexplicably rough as well , and the emu oil smoothed my skin . This is a terrific product that absolutely lived up to its claims .
 I had a few patches on my hand recently that looks like beginning forms of echzema -LRB- or just really dry skin -RRB- , I used the emu oil and now that patch is completely gone . Amazing!Ive used the same thing on my daughter who has echzema as well but it didnt help her as much . We had to go back to using the steroids cream to calm her itching .
 This was a great buy . It seems it 's shrunk lines in my forehead to a nicer size . It 's also a great moisturizer for anything , I 've used it on my lips , nose , eyes . Nothing irritant about emu oil competitors prices much higher for no reason . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this product . I had a severe rash -LRB- redness -RRB- on my face and with that extremely dry facial skin as well . On top of it I had an outburst of pimples . I went to the dermatologist who prscribed me a steroid cream -LRB- which did n't work -RRB- . I then researched and found out that emu oil is supposed to be soothing for rashes/dry skin . It actually worked ! My skin normalized over the course of about 11/2 weeks . The redness and dryness was gone and even the pimples disappeared -LRB- I was concerned putting ` oil ' on my face would make the pimples worse -RRB- . I now use a generous amount of the emu oil around my eyes every night -LRB- I only use a tiny drop in the am because it 's oil and it will make your mascara run -RRB- . Once in a while I use the oil as an overnight treatment on my whole face -LRB- I 'm not doing that every night because it makes you look shiny -RRB- . I 'm also impressed that my ` eye wrinkles ' have seemed to softened -LRB- and I did n't even buy it for that purpose -RRB- . I like how it makes my skin seem more hydrated so that wrinkles are not so noticeable . I would recommend this product .
 I love this product and found that it really worked well to heal my face after a chemical peel . I was through the entire process in five days and my skin looks great .
 I thought this might be a gimmick like so many other wrinkle creams , but for $ 15 thought what the heck . Ordered it and it arrived . I used it twice and saw a noticeable difference . I 've used it for a week now and have to say it is the best , hands down , moisturizer and wrinkle reducer I 've ever used . I highly recommend this product to anyone who 's about 50 and experiencing the reality of a few wrinkles where nothing used to be . It will smooth those lines out and make you look 10 years younger . For real .
 This Vanish clear triple refined emu oil does wonders for my skin and hair . Use it as a daily moisturizer on my face . I am over 70 and this makes my skin look radiant and plumps out my fine lines . I also use and under eye cream that I am hooked on now as it works wonders , Vanish Extreme Under Eye Cream for Dark Circles and Puffiness by Watts Beauty - 1/2 oz . . Thank you Amazon
 I recently tried Vanish , the best age & wrinkle fading , moisturizing serum . My skin was always very dry . I could not find anything to moisturize my face plus treat and repair my wrinkles . It really does work ! Within just a few weeks I noticed a huge difference in my skin . My wrinkles really are VANISHING ! Thanks so much -
 This is excellent for people with dry skin . I 've been using this for about a month . It 's unbelievable . I 'm 55 . No one can guess my age . Not kidding . My skin looks radiant . And I swear those little `` 11 's '' in my forehead are getting fainter . It has reduced wrinkles around my eyes and mouth , too . This works so amazingly well . I have two girlfriends already hooked on it with me . And I no longer have to buy the $ 50 1-oz . moisturizer that was costing me a bundle per year.A tip
 I 'm a 51 year old with Meadium Brown skin I started to notice small wrinkle lines around my eyes and deeper lines on both sides of my mouth . I researched and purchased Emu Serum , I 've been using this product for about 4 weeks and I 'm seeing a BIG difference in the lines around my mouth they 've faded ALOT and the lines around my eyes are GONE !! Today I am happy to let everyone know `` IT WORKS '' . My skin feels wonderful and looks younger too ! The FREE BONUS for me is that my FINGER NAILS are growing stronger and faster .
 This is a great product as long as you use it on a regular basis you will see an improvement . I would buy again and again .
 I returned a more expensive brand name clear emu oil when I received and used this one . Extremely pure , clear and penetrates fast . Appears to fill my fine lines and gives me a nice glow . Works great for healing scars as I have also used it for scars too . I also heard that Watts Beauty will be lauching a makeup remover soon and I cant wait to try it as it will be emu oil based , no chemicls ...
 I 've only started using the Emu Oil . It does feel like something that 's really good for my skin . I do n't know that I look 30 years younger . . maybe that will come with time LOL .
 Could not have asked for a smoother transaction . Timely delivery and intact product . Thank you !
 Love this oil over or mixed with my other face care products . If you use glycolic washes or treatment , you may want to consider using this afterwards . The bottle with the dropper works fine for easy control over how much you want to use . The product last a very long time making it a real bargain for such good product . For me , there is no offensive smell.I put on a light cream , add Marie Veronique sunscreen , them use my powder foundation . Just let the oil dry a little prior to using your foundation.I will buy again and again !
 I have sensitive skin , and this oil is very good . I use it every night after my regular vitamin E moisturizer , and it is smooth and very moisturizing . I 'd recommend this product even for people with sensitive skin .
 This oil is indeed very nourishing and moisturizing when used along with HLA or glycerin . ' I use 3-4 drops and rub it between my hands to pat gently on my face to sooth and prevent irritation while using retinols for anti-aging . The product itself does n't have a scent but any time you rub and heat the oil slightly , you can smell the `` poultry '' scent , which can dissipate after a few minutes , but for people like me who have extremely sensitive sense of smell , you can smell it all day and night . I like to mix it with another cream or serum that is scented to try to cover the smell but I can still smell poultry . I 'd give it 5 stars for effectiveness but had to take away 1 for the smell , which makes me slightly nauseous . The price is very good for this product and is much cheaper than a bottle of Dremu , which is also triple refined . I may have to try mixing in some essential oil to mask the scent if I want to continue using it.EDIT 12/29I purchased some neroli essential oil and added 2 drops to my 1 oz bottle of Vanish and no longer suffer from poultry nausea ! Therefore , I am adding back the last star to this product review . It is so nourishing and heals irritated skin so quickly .
 I already use the Emu oil and thought this might work on my face ! Was n't sure as my face is very sensitive to topical moisturizers . I was pleasantly surprised that I did not break out and this has worked phenominally ! I would recommend you try this on especially dry skin !
 I have never used any emu oil based products before , but reading the reviews and doing my own research prompted me to buy this product . I am 40 , and have mocha brown skin and some blemishes . I have very sensitive skin and have battled acne all of my pre-teens , teens and adult life ! I do not have deep wrinkles but have slight creases around eyes , some puffiness and defined laugh/expression lines . I have been using this for 2 months and have about 25 % of the 1/2 oz . bottle left . I estimate the bottle lasting one more month . Bottomline I am glad I bought it ! It 's the first thing I use in the morning , and when I get home in the evening . Immediately after the very first application my skin felt uneblievably soft and continues to non-greasy and moisturized . EVen areas that I have had an `` oil issue '' has ceased to be a problem . I have been getting the results that I anticipated . Fine lines around eyes are filling in , blemishes are lightening , and the deep laugh lines are plumping in . I love the Vanish Serum!OTHER INFO : This is how I use the product . I wash my face with a gentle exfoliating wash . I found that the product works best if your face is still a little damp after your rinse . The product goes on smoother . You only need 2-3 tiny drops per application for your entire face . A little does a lot !!
 This emu oil really takes the sting out and reduces the redness of my husbands rosacea ! Would recommend to others with the same issue .
 This is my very first experience with Emu oil . I decided to try it after reading all the positive reviews , and I was not disappointed . This lightweight oil soaks right in ! I use it at night after cleansing , on my face and d&eacute;collet&eacute; and even my hair . During the day , I apply just a tiny bit before my primer and make up and it does not interfere with the application or wear . In just a few weeks of use , twice a day , I have noticed improved skin texture -LRB- softness -RRB- and tone . My skin can be sensitive so it reacts pretty quickly to a products it does n't `` like '' but I 've experienced no irritation or break outs with this product so far , which is a good sign . I will purchase again !
 So I did my research ... I love this oil . My skin does look younger . And it also is a great healer . On my second round of poison oak , I used this oil , and it is not as severe as the first time . And it does help with the itchiness . Would tell everyone -LRB- who has skin , LOL -RRB- to buy buy buy it !!!
 I have been using this Vanish Age Fading Wrinkle Serum Emu Oil for a couple of years now 2 times a day and would not be without it no matter what moisurizer I use . It is a bit oily at first but blends in nicely .
 Not greasy and i feel like I can see a difference already after less than a month . Will buy again ,
 Pantene Pro V is an excellent line of conditioners which are well worth the bit of extra money they cost over other mass merchandise products . The Daily Moisture Conditioner is thick and creamy , provides a nice conditioning coating , and leaves my fine hair easy-to-comb through . -LRB- Although you 'll often hear the recommendation that people with fine hair use a lighter conditioner , I find that I need something heavier in order to remain tangle-free after washing . -RRB- I have found that the other conditioners in the Pro V line perform similarly , but this is my favorite . Highly recommended !
 I 've had a bottle of this for about 6 months and still have about a third of it left -LRB- I have pretty short hair , but still -RRB- . Like the title says , a little goes a long way . It lathers up well , smells clean and I have definitely noticed the difference in my hair - not frizzy , not dry , but not over-conditioned . It 's a well-made product.P.S . - In deference to the previous review , I do , as a matter of fact , like wine , beer and steak . ... and I 'm not a homophobe . Let 's face it , you 're spending $ 15 on a bottle of shampoo , after all ...
 It 's an excellent 2 in 1 product . My husband loves it . But is has a very neutral smell . So we can both use it . I usually still need extra conditioner . Every man should have this for after the gym
 The product does what it says it will do . It eliminates the frizz and enhances my curl . I have naturally curly hair that frizzes in humidity . Even on humid days , Pantene kept it under control . The only disadvantage of the product is that it gives my hair a crispy feel to it , but running my fingers through my hair softens it up and then it looks more natural .
 Pantene has had some awsome products , and this is one of them . Just wish they would not discontinue some of them !
 I love this for taming my long grey hair . Some conditioners make me feel like I did n't wash my hair , but this cuts down on frizz and makes my hair more managable . I get lots of compliments on my hair when I style with it .
 I 've been using this product for quite some time . Love the results ! This will continue to be in my everyday routine . Originally introduced to this product by my dermatologist .
 The best product available to clean your face deeply . I 'm very satisfied with results . My skin is oily and I 've been usin Neostrata for 2 years . A Drastic change .
 I started using this product about a month ago . It usually retails about $ 55.00 but a little goes a long way . It 's not greasy at all . It has an amazing effect on your skin ! I have n't had so much as one blemish or pimple since I 've started using it . It goes well under make up . I 'd advise that you wait until the lotion sets first . I use it twice daily and when I ran out , as opposed to buying more I decided to go to my nearest CVS and pick up a light moisturizer , which in turn , wrecked havoc on my face again!I 'm so happy to have found this product on amazon , and for a more reasonable price . One tube will last you a couple months , however , you really do n't need to use a lot ! But Neo Strada is a great company . My co-worker who has more problematic skin than I do started using it as well and within a couple weeks , her skin and complexion beautiful and flawless . I do n't know what is in this product but it surely fixes problematic skin and prevents breakouts . I would recommend this to anyone . It 's worth it !
 All I can tell you is that my wife has been using this for about 10 years primarily as a moisturizer . It was recommended by her cosmetic surgeon . My wife is convinced that this face cream along with a high quality sun block keeps her face healthy and young looking . I know this sounds like a commercial , but there is no way I could ever get her to stop using this stuff .
 I used it at night before bed time and found that it was very well absorbed into my skin . It has a very rich and creamy feel to it which was very soothing to my skin . It helped keep my skin soft throughout the next day . I had absolutely no problems with it even with my sensitive skin . I have noticed some smoothing of my complexion even after only a few days of use . A little bit goes a long way .
 This cream adds just the right amount of moisture without causing any skin break out and no eye irritation . Seems to reduce those little crows feet too .
 My wife seems to be very satisfied with this product as she keeps on asking me to order more and in my opinion a satisfied wife makes for a happy home !
 After trying different products , I am glad I found one that works and feels light and non greasy at the same time
 I absolutely love this cream . My skin is dry and sensitive . It goes on smoothly and evenly without leaving it greasy or oily . Goes great under makeup and has spf . Will def continue to using it .
 It is a wonderful product , not greasy andleaves the skin feeling smooth.lt does all that itsays it should do .
 I bought this for my wife a year ago , and we both love it . She has bought 3 more bottles since then .
 The cologne spray smells very pretty and make you feel femanine as you wear it . The size is good for the price .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift , but was very disappointed when it arrived in a totally different bottle as described . This is why I only gave it four stars .
 Definitely buy through Amazon or ebay for any Seacret products and save big , more than 50 % off !! FYI , I was just at the mall recently and was stopped at the Seacret sales cart by this European guy , and went through the whole demonstration . The products were great , the sea salt I thought worked the best , even though he recommended the mudmask . Anyways , the full price for 1 facial serum was $ 149.99 !! A facial box of 3 products was $ 199.99 and he said that was a good deal , and normally would sell for $ 300 . No thanks I said . The prices here are a steal !!! The All NEW Seacret Facial Serum
 I love the way my face feels after putting on the facial serum . Worth the money !
 excellent buy , packaged perfect , would buy from this seller in a heartbeat . I have recommended this seller to a friend .
 This scent is amazing ! It has tiny beads that offer a little bit of exfoliation , but now too many to irritate the skin . Unlike other lotions , this lasts literally ALL DAY . My skin is so soft and its the best body cream for after shaving , etc. . Highly recommended !
 REALMENTE UN AROMA QUE DEFINE A UNA MUJER ... EXCELENTE , LAS PERSONAS A MI AL REDEDOR LO SIENTEN Y PREGUNTAN CUAL ES EL PERFUME QUE ESTOY USANDO , PORQUE ES EXQUISITO .
 I love Terra Nova 's products and was very happy with this seller 's fast response -LRB- :
 Ordered this a while ago and they did n't have it but guess what ... a few months later , when they got it in stock , they sent me an e-mail ! I was able to order the ONLY THING that works for my acne and I am totally thrilled ! Thank you !
 This is the best acne product ever and hopefully never discontinued . I still have acne occassionally but not as bad as before . Thanks to loreal for this wonderful product .
 so impressed with Amazon and the fact that a company in the country still stands behind it 's word . I ordered a ton of things for Christmas including this perfume which is my Aunt 's favourite , and everything arrived when they said , perfectly . It made a Merry Christmas for all .
 I received this product very quickly . My friend has worn this scent and I love it on her . Its a very powdery scent with a little spice ... hard to explain but it makes you want more of it . I thought is was a great price compared to others I have purchased over the years . I would recommend this others .
 Mackie By Bob Mackie For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 OuncesGood product . Good price . Good service . Goodby .
 Had a hard time finding in brick and mortar stores - at Amazon it was a cinch
 I was at a playground with my kids when a woman walked by and I smelled this wonderful fragrance . I had to ask her what it was . A couple days later I tried this perfume on myself at a local mall but it was more than twice the price Amazon had it for . I would have paid that much for it but luckily I searched Amazon first and got a great deal !
 Its cheap compared to other perfumes , yet smells great ! What more can you ask for ? My brother gave me a bottle for Christmas , since then I refuse to wear any other perfume !
 I 've been wearing this parfum for over 10 years . Everywhere I go I have some random guy asking me which parfum I 'm wearing . My husband is also a huge fan , he does n't like when I try something different because this have become my signature fragrance . Do n't be fool by the `` tacky '' sort of dated packaging , this fragrance came out on early 90 's and since then they did not changed their `` looks '' -LRB- works for me just like that ! -RRB- Also some people might think it 's too woody to wear during the day -LRB- disagree -RRB- If you spray just a little and rub on skin it become very light and perfect to wear during the day as well . I find this smell very sophisticate , something an inteligent , charming and misterious woman would wear . If you are just like that , you gon na love it !!!
 I absolutely love this fragrance , and every time I wear it , someone asks me what I am wearing . I never tell though , because I do n't want anyone to steal my thunder ! It is unlike any other fragrance I have ever tried , and oh so sexy !
 In reading a review that a customer wrote about throwing it out because it did n't have fruity scent ... The scent is hard to explain but very light , stays on all day , and you will get many many compliments from women and many men that love this scent . I have had many men ask me what perfume I am wearing because they want to buy it for the lady in their life . I love it , I have worn since the 80 's and ca n't imagine throwing it away . I have tried many other kinds and have not found anything better . I will keep wearing it unti ???????????? .
 I have been wearing Mackie for years , and just about every time I am out , -LRB- no lie -RRB- someone asks me what I am wearing , they love it ! Lots of nice comments from men , but also just as many from women ... I will never wear anything else , and the price here is great !
 I have used Mackie for years and remember buying it when it cost $ 60 a bottle . However , it is the only fragrance that stays with me . I have received so many compliments on how it smells on me that I would n't give it up , so I bit the bullet and spent $ 60 every nine months or so . Now I buy it for less than half that ... same stuff , same great fragrance , and delivered to my door . This is the only way I will purchase it from now on .
 Excellent packaging , price , delivery ... I love this cologne and have worn it for years ... am so happy to be able to buy it ... . and at a great price and hassle free . Thank you so much !!!
 Bob Mackie is the best . Love this product . Have worn it for years & years . Always receive compliments - always ! Cu
 The wife loves it.We got in a quick time.We are planning on ordering more items.That is all I have to say
 Since this product came with the product above , obviously it arrived on time and was just what I had ordered .
 I have been using Mackie for seven years and receive compliments all the time . It is a great fragrance with ladting results . It is not overpowering . Anazon has the best price on this spray .
 got it fast and it 's smells great . It was wrapped nicely ! I get compliments on this scent by men and women . It 's an expensive yet not overbearing smell .
 Wonderful scent - way better price than at the stores . Recommended to two other Mackie users
 This cologne is great . At first I was a little leary if the bottle would be full or if it was the real stuff . I was very pleased when it arrived at my home , which only took two days . It is exactly what I wanted and the price is amazing . I highly recommend this product ! I will be using this company again . Thank you , so much .
 Fast shipping-arriving earlier than expected . Perfume is correct size , cheaper than other sites & stores , and smells great . Thanks much !
 I was very pleased with the speed of delivery and the product was exactly as described . I am very pleased and would recommended this site to others .
 I purchased this for my mother as a gift . She loves the smell and at retail stores this perfume is expensive . I received exactly what was listed
 I HAVE USED MACKIE FRAGRANCE FOR YEARS , AND IT HAS BECOME MORE DIFFICULT TO LOCATE . WHEN I FOUND IT ON AMAZON . COM WAS THRILLED , AND ORDERED FOUR BOTTLES .
 I ORDERED THIS PERFUME AND IT ARRIVED RIGHT BEFORE MY EYES AND THE PRODUCT WAS PERFECT . NO COMPLAINTS . I WOULD DO IT AGAIN . GREAT FOR GIFTS TOO . . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I have been wearing Mackie for years . it is one of the few fragerances that smell good on me . The recent problem is I ca n't find it in the stores . I was very happy to be able to order it online .
 best perfume i ever had , i love it and hope that it never gets discontinued . . I get compliments all the time
 I 've been wearing Mackie for about 1 years and I still get compliments on it . Men seem to really love it . I would try to describe the scent , but I 'm afraid I really do n't know how to do that . I ordered these last two bottles for someone else who admired it on me and wants it for herself and a friend .
 This is by far my favorite perfume . Glad to see I can still purchase it ! And at an affordable price !
 The package arrived right on time , it was handled with care and was way cheaper than buying at a store it made Christmas shopping easy
 I 've been wearing this perfume for over ten years and it 's a classic . My friends seem to want to bite my neck every time they smell it . They claim that it smells delicious on me . Oh well glad that smell good and that they enjoy it ! LOL
 My mom loves this scent . It 's her absolutely favorite . This is not a light scent but it 's very nice . I would recommend to anyone who likes stronger scents .
 I love the smell of this perfume . I have had a hard time finding it and here it is on the net . Price is really good too . I got the biggest bottle I could find .
 I found this wonderful product while staying at a beautiful bed and breakfast . They had it as part of the complimentary bath gear . I liked it so much I was tempted to buy some at the gift shop , but it was incredibly overpriced . Fortunately , I found it at Amazon.com . It smells amazing ... very clean and refreshing .
 i was given a holiday gift of the molton brown body washes and fell in love with them . it is hard to use anyother product because these are so excellent , while pricey . they are a treat . treat yourself . the scent stays on your skin forever .
 First tried this product as a freebie during hotel stay in Dubai and bought a bottle immediately on arriving home . This was years ago now and I still re-order it frequently . Medium level fresh scent that lasts most of day , excellent as both bath/shower gel , does not leave skin sticky or dry .
 I love the Pevonia line and the Hydrating Sunscreen is great for everyday ! I have oily/sensitive skin and I use this every morning as a moisturizer under my make-up . It does n't clog pores or feel heavy on my face .
 I love the sunscreen , it feels weightless and does n't clog the pores . I knew it was good -- I had a sample from my cosmetologist . However , bottle design is very inconvenient . Most high end beauty products either have some sort of a pump inside the bottle or are made of flexible plastic that 's easy to squeeze . Pevonia bottle does n't have a pump , and the plastic is stiff , so I end up getting too much lotion each time I use it .
 love it , fast shiptrust which is very great business relationship with customers.buyers need to trust them and buy it because i have great positive feel with them .
 I bought the Oscar De La Renta perfume , new product . It was as described , new and in box , never opened . The item shipped quickly and undamaged , it was packaged properly . I would buy again for sure .
 I have been looking for this fragrance for awhile and was elated to find it and finally feel like I smell like me again ! If you 've never tried it it is a MUST HAVE for those who love high end fragrances with that perfect smell . I am extremely pleased with my purchase and am constantly getting compliments on the fragrance !
 The finish is not very smooth or fully blended in . It does n't live up to its claim of 14 hour moisturization either -LRB- similar sunscreens of other brands do n't moisturize as well , but they do n't claim to moisturize to begin with -RRB- . So better apply moisturizer first and then this sunscreen.However , it 's the cheapest complete spectrum sunscreen for sensitive skin . If you can wan na pay for a nicer finish , go with Olay Complete Defense SPF 30 for Sensitive Skin ; or a better protection with 9.1 % Titanium oxide , go with neutrogena spf 30 sunblock lotion for sensitive skin . The neutrogena one leaves even a whiter finish though .
 I 'm a guy and not very fond of putting on creams and the like . However , I 'm also fair skinned and getting older , so my wife managed to convince me to try this product out and perhaps reduce the chances of looking like I 'm 70 when I 'm 45 , getting skin cancer , etc.So far so good . The lotion goes on really easily and quickly . I 'm really not a fan of getting my face all sticky , and I do n't like smelling like sunscreen -LRB- or having clothes that always smell like it -RRB- . The Eucerin does n't leave my face feeling sticky and the sunscreen odor is very faint . I have n't noticed it on my clothes afterward , and though I can smell it slightly when I put it on , it does n't seem like anyone else can tell I 'm wearing it . So far , the sun protection has worked very well -- even when I 've been working in the yard this summer I have n't noticed any burns .
 My dermatologists recommended Eucerin Extra Protective Moisture Lotion about 3 years ago . It is so highly recommended because it does not clog pores and protects the skin from very harmful UV rays . I recommend Eucerin Extra Protective Moisture Lotion to everyone !
 This lotion is excellent under liquid make-up . It not only moisturizes the skin but it has a sun block as well .
 I have had a hard time finding a face lotion with spf 30 that does not leave the skin pasty looking . I love this one I ordered 2 !
 I have used Eucerin SPF 30 for about 10 years , now . It is good sun protection and goes on evenly without much residue -LRB- if you use the trick below -RRB- . It was recommended by my Dermatologist after many sun-screenless years facilitated skin cancer -LRB- now removed -RRB- . I have looked at all the other reviews and I 'm convinced that much of the differences in peoples ' experience are from putting the creme on too heavily , too lightly , or too unevenly . Therefore , let me share my own tricks for getting the most out of sunscreen.First , wet the skin you on which are going to apply sunscreen . Alternatively , put a small amount of water in the palm of your hand and add the sunscreen to it , mixing evenly . I start with about a marble-sized blob and spread it out ; then when that 's gone I put on another marble . Now apply the sunscreen in broad strokes on your arms and legs , both parallel and then transversely across the arm or leg . Rub in until everything is evenly covered.On your face and neck , apply to wet skin and rub in broad strokes up , down , and across your face and neck . Follow up rubbing in circles , making sure the cream is distributed evenly over all the skin.Adding enough water is the key to getting the stuff evenly distributed so that it does n't gob up and make you look like Casper or Dracula , and so it does n't make very thin streaks that allow you to get burned . Also , the water moistens your skin and the Eucerin holds the moisture in . When you are done , this product will leave a little white residue and feel a little sticky , but wait a bit until the excess fluid evaporates and you will be pretty satisfied.By the way , I am really serious about this . If you want to read an explanation of SPF or learn how to put sunscreen on to go in the water , see my book The Ultimate Snorkeling Book by Wes Burgess on Amazon.Now the bad news . Eucerin SPF 30 has these problems :1 . Worst of all , it is not fragrance-free . You can clearly smell the product on your skin and , unlike other products such as Soldar , it exacerbates my allergies , making my nose run , eyes itch , and making me sneeze . This is unacceptable for a specialized product like this . If it makes me sneeze , it is not non-allergenic ! 2 . The lotion is quite thick and very difficult to apply evenly , leaving you open to white , greasy skin or unprotected burned skin unless you use my application trick .3 . The pump system is rotten . The stupid cap gets filled with white lotion and is easy to lose . The pump only delivers microscopic amounts of lotion , so you have to pump forever . If you go traveling , expect the lotion to leak out of the container in airline baggage compartments -LRB- I seal the bottle into a plastic bag -RRB- . So , what 's the ultimate solution ? Well , if you do n't have allergies , and can contend with problems 2-3 above , go ahead and get it . The price is reasonable compared with competitors . After all , I used it for years with great success . However , I have finally abandoned it for Solbar Zinc Sun Protection Cream , which does n't make me sneeze , is easier to dispense and apply , and works as well or better in my experience . Currently , I 'm auditioning Blue Lizard , so check back for the results.Good luck.Good luck .
 This has it all . It is fragrance free and has SPF . You do n't need to buy 2 separate products . I highly recommend it .
 For me this lotions works very well . It is easy to disperse , seems to do its job in protecting my skin -LRB- I live at the coast -RRB- . No annoying fragrance and very economical in use and price . It came fast from the seller . I am very satisfied .
 Eucerin sensitive skin face lotion with SPF 30 protection is a great product . However , it is extremely difficult to find in local stores -LRB- Rochester NY -RRB- -- thus the reason for ordering it on-line and having to pay substantial postage . This lack of local availability is causing me to explore other substitute products . Although most other Eucerin products seem to be available , this is not the case for this 4 fluid ounce face lotion . If the situation remains unchanged , I will no longer be a customer .
 I 've been using Eucerin for a few years and am definitely sticking with it . It 's fragrance-free and is perfect for sensitive skin -LRB- and acne-prone skin , too -RRB- . The feel is very lightweight , but the coverage is excellent . Unlike other moisturizers -LRB- like some from Neutrogena or Oil of Olay -RRB- , I never have to apply a second layer to combat dryness . It 's worth the price . I use it under make-up as well .
 This is my favorite skin care product for the face . Not too thick , but still works .
 This moisturizer does wonders . I have combination skin , oily and acne prone in some parts , dry in others . This moisturizes without causing breakouts or making me greasy . Also , at 26 yrs old , I believe in fighting wrinkles before they start . I met a 30-looking 40 yr old once and she said that Eucerin was her secret . Instantly got me hooked ! And the 15 spf is the perfect amount that on vacation I 'll still get a little tan without the sunburn or worry of aging my skin . Try this stuff out !
 I HATE using sunscreem . Positively hate it ! It feels and smells gross and makes my skin break out , but I absolutely had to start using it recently because of another skin product I began using , so I decided to give the Eucerin Protective Lotion a whirl.The Eucerin is by far the best sunscreen / - block I have found . I 've tried Neutrogena and countless other mineral/sensitive skin sunscreens , and hated them all , but the Eucerin disappears on my skin better than most mineral sunblocks , has very little odor , and has caused no break outs , even during exercise . I think it does a decent job of moisturizing when used on its own , but I do usually mix it with my day cream , which probably reduces its SPF a bit , but it 's not been a problem , and I 'm really happy with the product .
 I 've used this product for years . I 'm fair and with one morning application , I 'm able to spend the entire day outdoors in the southern CA sun . Some great things about this product is that it does n't sting like some other sunscreens , it has a good consistency -LRB- not thick or greasy -RRB- , lasts a really long time , and really works.The only downside is that it makes a fair one like myself look somewhat pasty . It is a white lotion and leaves a bit of a white finish . I really wish Eucerin would market a tinted version .
 I was thrilled when I found that amazon.com is carrying this ! I used this for a few years until suddenly all of the stores stopped carrying it . This is by far my favorite facial lotion with sunscreen of all time.As far as it making your skin white , you just need to take some time to rub it in and let it sink in . Excellent product !
 I switch around among the usual suspects -- Eucerin , Aveeno , Neutrogena , etc. but this is my favorite . It 's truly fragrance free with a high SPF , and a little goes a long way . It spreads nicely over the skin with a smooth feel . I do n't notice the so-called white residue some have mentioned -- I slather it on and let it dry for a minute or two , and if any excess cream is still visible I then blend it in easily . I have n't used it long enough to notice that my wrinkles are less visible -- I do n't really believe that anything topical will help anyway , and I 'm not about to do anything more drastic , so this lotion is great for me . The price here for two is excellent .
 This is a great light weight facial sunscreenand day time moisturizer.Not heavy and gooey like many facial sunscreens .
 I have used this product off and on for over 10 years . I have no idea what one other reviewer was talking about -LRB- white film -RRB- . I have never had any problem with this product . No white film , ample moisture and sun protection , no breakouts . Even my sister-in-law likes this one ... and she often has allergic reactions to other products , even when they 're hypo-allergenic . Every time I stray from this and try another product , I come back to this one ... it 's great !
 I have been looking for a moisturizer that last and has a high spf that does run off when in the heat and this is it ! Last all day and is light and not oily and fragerance free - I have recommended to everyone , oh and this is inexpensive !!
 This product is absolutely the best facial moisturizer on the market -- just ask anyone who has tried it . Originally , Amazon had a 1-pack of it available , following the discontinuation of the product by the manufacturer -LRB- reportedly for `` sales and distribution '' reasons -RRB- , and when Amazon reinstated sales of it for a few days recently , its popularity rank rose from 11,000 to under 100 in just a few days.First of all , just one bottle of Skin Renewal lasts for months . You need only three to four squirts -LRB- which are all generally of consistent volume , thanks to the great pump design -RRB- , and it effectively moisturizes your entire face without any oily or shiny residue . It is scentless . It does n't cause acne ; in fact , it * hides * acne blemishes through the use of a mild alpha-hydroxy acid -LRB- Lactic Acid -RRB- in the formula . Skin Renewal also contains a Skin Cancer Foundation-recommended sunscreen of SPF-15 , so you can even use it as a non-comedogenic , non-acnegenic sunscreen when you are outside for long periods of time or lounging in the sun.Furthermore , a very popular free acne regimen that many people have been using recommends this product for use in its third and final step -LRB- moisturization and protection -RRB- . In fact , there is * no * other product that even comes close to being as effective and cooperative with your skin as Eucerin 's Skin Renewal is . It does not bead up after the application of benzoyl peroxide -LRB- a popular and very effective acne prevention chemical -RRB- , and it prevents flakes in stride.Eucerin needs to rethink their discontinuation of this product and consider remarketing and possibly retitling/rebranding it . It could be an enormous hit if it was marketed properly so that people were made aware of its unique advantages over every other facial moisturizer on the market . Until then , I do n't know what I am going to do if the product actually IS still out of stock and Amazon discovers that this is merely a mistake . I 'm on my last bottle , and , like many other people , I am frantically searching for an alternative . I am convinced that there is none quite like Eucerin Skin Renewal . Get it while you still can , if you can !
 I totally agree with the positive reviews above . Until I found this face moisturizer , I had terrible problems with flaky dry patches combined with oily places . I tried lots of other moisturizers but nothing provided the kind of complete solution for my complexion . I LOVE THIS LOTION and ca n't believe it 's been discontinued . It is not at all greasy - it feels light and soothing all day long . I also hope Eucerin reconsiders it 's decision regarding this amazing product .
 I have naturally light auburn hair , but wanted to brighten it up a bit . After a few washes this shampoo gave my hair a rich red tint . Not so bright that it was terribly obvious , but just enough to give it the little extra oomph that I was looking for . It leaves my fine , thin hair a little tangly , so I use a light conditioner and it comes out great .
 I first smelled this perfume on a colleague of mine , about a year ago . Every time she walked by me I got a whiff of this heavenly scent that she wore nearly every day . So , I finally stopped her and asked what she was wearing . I 'd never heard of it , so I jumped online and looked it up , found a bottle and bought it . I could n't wait to try it out , so when the perfume finally arrived I put it right on . Imagine my disappointment when I smelled a scent totally unlike the one I 'd experienced . On me it was overpoweringly musky , nothing like the seductive fragrance I 'd smelled on my colleague . But , an odd thing happened . I did n't wash it right off , and when I smelled it again about 30 minutes later it had become the alluringly sensual perfume I 'd fallen in love with . In fact , the longer I wore it the better it smelled . Obviously it depends on your body chemistry to achieve it 's bloom . Now , I wear it when I go out in the evenings , and people comment on how wonderfully sexy it smells . If you buy this perfume do n't judge it too quickly , as I did ... give it a little time and you 're sure to love it . You only need to use a little , and it lasts for HOURS .
 This is the best perfume that I have ever used . I tried Estee Lauder , Lancome , and I always come back to Paloma . The scent is wonderful and it stays on your clothes for a long time . BUY IT TODAY !
 This scent seemed a bit too mature for my taste when it was first introduced to me by my mother . However , when I went to college I began to wear this perfume more often . I consider this perfume `` my lucky perfume '' whenever I put it on it gives me an extra zing of confidence and sensuality . I always have an extra bottle of this perfume . This perfume is meant for a woman who is very comfortable with her sexuality and not afraid of strangers commenting on how wonderful she smells . Even though this perfume is exactly my age , as it was introduced the year I was born , whenever I wear it I feel very sexy and I am ready to take on anything and/or anyone that comes my way . Very Very SEXY !!!
 Wonderful product ... great service ! Every time I wear this fragrance out in public I get tons of compliments , long after I put it on !
 Wow ! This fragrance really smells wonderful . It 's rich and warm and cozy . If you like creme brulee , vanilla , sugar ... you will love this fragrance.Here 's the `` even better if '' ... It just does n't last long enough . To fix that problem you need to do a couple of things :1 . -RRB- `` Prime '' your skin first with a generous layer of French Vanilla or Creme Brulee Souffle . Au Lait lotion works well too . You really can mix any of the Laura Mercier Gourmande scents ! Souffle/Lotion puts enough emollient on the skin to make the fragrance stick .2 . -RRB- Ignore the `` spray and walk through method '' you always hear about . Apply the fragrance directly to your skin . It will be a little strong at first , but will dry down , to a rich and luxurious scent.So the bototm line , I guess , is that you really need to make an extra investment in the souffle so you can take a layering approach . If you do that , I think you will be completely satisfied with the staying power . If you do n't , you might not be thrilled with your fragrance purchase .
 This is the Best of Laura Mercier 's line of fragrance in my opinion.I can not get enough of this scent.I have to wear it to work out everyday , its the only scent or thing that makes me excercise hard.All I need to do is smell myself wearing the scent to give me that extra motivation.ha ha '' You think thats funny huh ? Well its true ! This is a awesome scent.At 1st I thought I would n't like it that much and then I put it on and wore it all day one day.And that was it I was hooked.I literally buy a bottle a week from Amazon.I hope its never sold out everywhere.I 'm in big trouble.I have gotten continued compliments everywhere I go.I actually heard a guy in the check-out line at the USPS office say `` Mmmm what is that smell '' , Is that you '' ? To the USPS office woman , When I walked in and stood in line behind him.The postal lady at the check out said `` No its not me its the lady behind you , she always smells so good '' ! Then he asked what it was I was wearing so he could buy it for his girlfriend . `` Ha Ha ... Thats so funny ! The postal lady had asked me before what it was . . And they say guys are attracted to food scents.like Vanilla and nutmeg or pumpkin pie smells . . And this scent of Creme Brulee is a smell of caramel and vanilla . . I always get really hungry when I put it on . . It is a actual true warm caramel vanilla kinda smell and it only gets better the longer you wear it or have it on ! `` WOWIE !!! Love it !
 This is the best stuff ever . Do you hear me corporate ??!! This is not code for discontinue or anything ! ! I hate when you love using a product and everybody loves it and then they discontinue ... so do n't do it ! This perfume smells amazing . I have strangers stop me on the street and ask me what I 'm wearing . My kids sniff me all the time . I bought this perfume to replace one I had been using and could no longer find well I can find , its just outrageously expensive . No thanks . This is a great price and I did start ordering books the other products from the line since I love the scent so much .
 This is a great simple product . It 's unscented and the strength is ideal for many applications . If you have dry skin , just add a couple of drops of jojoba oil for a remarkable facial lotion . I use about half a pump with the oil on my face , and for my body I mix one full pump with an equal amount of unscented moisturizing lotion . The acne on my face has vastly improved and the breakouts I was getting on my back and chest are almost completely gone ! My skin has never been softer , and it 's even improved my cuticles so much that I rarely get hangnails any more .
 The bottle press does n't allow air intake , which means the more lotion you squeeze out , the more distorted the container will be . Because It 's odd that such a good product comes with bad bottle design .
 Everyone knows you need AHA to keep your skin beautiful and this product is just great . But if you have n't used AHA 's before please start with an 8 % solution or less first . It burns a little and if you start out too high it could be very irritating for your skin . Use caution and some sense . You need to know your skin before trying a high % .
 I have used the NeeoStrata Lotion plus AHA for years . I am 67 years old , and I am always getting compliments on my skin . It contains glycolic acid , which promotes exfoliation and smaller pores . I apply it every night , and my skin looks 10-15 years younger than my age .
 Nothing beats this lotion for softening dry skin . I use it on my legs and follow up with Alpha Kerri lotion to lock in the moisture .
 This product at 15aha strength is the best for olive skin , I would suggest a lower strength like 10aha for fairer complexions . At near 70 years old , this product is still holding off facial wrinkles and dark spotting , and on the hands and arms , would you believe no crepey skin or sun spots ... over many years have found no other products to compare !
 My wife and I have used this stuff for years and it works great in keeping your face clear of blemishes .
 I have used this for over 20 years . It is wonderful . I use it on my face almost every day . It does sting sometimes , but that 's how you know its working . It exfoliates , and builds collagen , and moisturizes . It keeps you from breaking out . It fades spots and brightens your complexion . You have to wear a sunblock after using it . Its very economical , you only need a little for your whole face . It 's better and more effective than any of the expensive department store anti aging creams and serums .
 Great value for the cost . I use it to keep alligator legs at bay . I only use it once a week -LRB- because of cost -RRB- with no product on top of it . The rest of the week I use other , less expensive moisturizers . This lotion leads to more rapid cell production and causes older skin to slough off -LRB- thus the stinging noted by another reviewer -RRB- .
 I purchased this lotion after receiving a sample from a make up purchase . I 've been using it for three weeks now and I love it!I have oily skin , and have always had large pores with lots of blackheads on my nose and chin . After I had my son , I developed cystic acne on my face and back especially around my period.This stuff is wonderful . I only use it once a day -LRB- at night -RRB- , but over the last three weeks , my cystic acne has been drastically reduced and has disappeared from my face , with only one or two left on my back . It is helping to fade the remaining marks . My pores are noticeably smaller , and the blackheads on my nose and chin are gone . If I wear make up , you ca n't see my pores at all ! The texture of my skin is amazing , it 's very smooth and even . Makeup application is super easy . Best of all , it has reduced how oily my skin is on a day to day basis . My makeup lasts longer , and I am not shiny at the end of the day.The cons : It can burn / tingle a bit after application . This has gotten less annoying as time goes by.It is pricey , but a little goes a long way ! I think this bottle will last 4 + months.It 's hard to use 2x per day . It makes you oddly shiny , so it 's not the best day time moisturizer . I get good results just using it nightly though , s I 'm not bothered much by this.It does increase your sensitivity to the sun , so a moisturizer with SPF is needed for day . I live in a very sunny climate , so I 'm not sure how my skin will fare in the summer.Overall , I 'm very , very pleased !
 Very good cream for very dry skin . It is helpful in `` softening '' up the skin as well . I have extremely dry skin and am always on the lookout for the magic cream ... this is good but not magic .
 I never thouht , after 20 plus years of buying my wife this perfume , that I would find a deal on it as good as the perfume itself , I did . I was also suprised at how pleased she was over the size . But now I have to order one small enough for her carry on bag ...
 every year i purchase this perfume for my mom and i always had to pay ateast $ 50.00 for the 3.3 oz bottle until i found the 8oz for a cheaper price here my mom loves it plus free shiping it is great
 Born in Santo Domingo , Oscar de la Renta left his home country while still a teenager . His destination ? Madrid to study painting.Today , there are few who are not familiar with the name Oscar de la Renta . He is a fashion designer known throughout the world not only for his couture collections but also for his philanthropic endeavors.Since beginning his own company in 1965 de la Renta has impacted the design of accessories , jewelry , handbags , scarves , shoes , furniture , and fragrances.Oscar , his initial perfume offering was introduced in 1977 , and now is a popular seller throughout the world . In addition , it is the winner of the 1991 Fragrance Foundation Success Award.More importantly to us , the scent is unforgettable . Floral with a hint of Oriental it is a lovely blend of jasmine , basil , lavender , and sandalwood.It 's romantic , and memorable . Enjoy .
 I 've worn this perfume for many years now . I 'm always getting compliments on how nice it smells on me from both men and women . Shipping was really fast too ! I would order again but since this product has `` tremendously '' gone up in price from the company I ordered from , I will have no choice but to order from another that is more affordable .
 I ordered the 8oz cause this is such a wonderful scent ! You wo n't forget the value , thats for certain . Too big to travel , but Amazon has great prices on 1oz ones as well that work great for travel .
 I love Oscar De La Renta and used to purchase it in a high-end department store , and for quite a lot more money . This is my signature perfume and you absolutely ca n't beat the price I purchased it for . Great price ... and fast delivery .
 I buy all my perfume on Amazon and then I found my mom 's on here for substantially less than in the stores !!!
 If you wife loves Oscar De La Renta like mine does , this 8 oz bottle is a bargain .
 this is exactly what i was looking for . The absolute Best Price AROUND !!!! I have purchased from here before and always enjoy the buying experience .
 Very slow shipping 6 weeks . No response to repeated emails . All that being said product excellent
 product has satisfied as usual . Time of delivery prompt.ESTEE LAUDER by Estee Lauder For women Perfectionist -LRB- CP + -RRB- -- / 1.7 OZ -LRB- Skincare - Night Care -LRB- Unboxed -RRB-
 My wife thinks this product is identical to the product we found in local stores , but at a much lower price per ounce . She has been using this product for years .
 Born in Santo Domingo , Oscar de la Renta left his home country while still a teenager . His destination ? Madrid to study painting.Today , there are few who are not familiar with the name Oscar de la Renta . He is a fashion designer known throughout the world not only for his couture collections but also for his philanthropic endeavors.Since beginning his own company in 1965 de la Renta has impacted the design of accessories , jewelry , handbags , scarves , shoes , furniture , and fragrances.Oscar , his initial perfume offering was introduced in 1977 , and now is a popular seller throughout the world . In addition , it is the winner of the 1991 Fragrance Foundation Success Award.More importantly to us , the scent is unforgettable . Floral with a hint of Oriental it is a lovely blend of jasmine , basil , lavender , and sandalwood.It 's romantic , and memorable . Enjoy .
 This was a `` Love At First Smell '' fragrance . Not too rosey or syrup-y sweet . Just the right hint of sweetness with `` come-hither '' undertones that really draw compliments from both sexes ! Get it !
 The smell is very appealing to both sexes . It is a rose-based scent , but it is not `` all '' rose -LRB- not a single note fragrance -RRB- . Instead , it is a rich , warm , multi-layered scent that many will enjoy wearing and almost all will enjoy when it wafts into their vicinity . If you like Lancome 's Miracle , Marc Jacob 's Lola , Avon 's Rebel Rose , Senegence 's Seneca or similar fragrances , you will like this one , too.I do n't know what `` pheremones '' smell like , or even if they have a scent of their own , but I do n't detect anything in this fragrance that I can attribute to them . :--RRB- Strangers have not flung themselves at my feet , nor do strange men follow me around when I am wearing it , but I do get lots of positive comments from both sexes when I wear it . It 's pretty inoffensive and wears fairly close , so it can be worn to the office or in public spaces without problems.My biggest criticisms of Pherose by Realm are two-fold . First , the longevity is lacking . It does n't last well and I find it needs to be refreshed midday or so . Layering it works to extend the longevity . Be aware
 Quick shipping , good price , nice colors , wish the brown/plum was more plum than brown but otherwise nice ! Much better than paying full price or higher price in stores , will order from here again
 Dazzling Silver has long been my wife 's favorite perfume . Other ladies frequently ask what perfume she is wearing . She was close to being out when we began shopping for more . She was very disappointed that we were unable to locate Dazzling Silver in any of our local stores , or in any store within a 50 mile radius of our city . I was successful in finding Dazzling Silver through a search on Amazon.com . My wife was very happy when her favorite perfume unexpectedly -LRB- secret -RRB- arrived by mail . I 'm sure that somewhere in this world there is -LRB- if not there should be -RRB- an old saying that `` Wife happy - Hubby happy ! '' Thanks for the help Amazon.com .
 This cream is amazing . I have severe allergies and this cream does n't bother my skin . Leaves it soft and fresh not heavy . I have used it on my eyes and entire face for well over 5 years . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I do n't know what made reviewer Jesse think the reviews of this product were written by people paid by the company to give positive reviews . I am a real person , have used this product for over a year and like it very much . I am at an age where I look for `` Age Perfect '' products , or more often `` Age Fighting '' . This eye cream is light , not greasy and makes the area around my eyes feel moisturized more than just using a day moisturizer alone . It seems to me my crows feet are less noticiable also . I am blonde and have fairly sensitive skin and have had no problems with any type of skin reaction . What Jesse needs to realize is that anyone could have a reaction to an ingredient in any product that they are allergic to , that does n't mean it is n't a good product for someone else without the allergy . I have used LOREAL products for years and have always liked them . Click my name on this review to see all the other reviews I have written , and NO , they are n't all good !
 I could barely miss the wrinkles but it felt wonderful on the face . Worth the buy just for the soft way it leaves your face .
 This has always been a hit . The price was a little higher than I hoped but the product is very good .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY BEST FRIEND , SO I CA N'T REALLY SAY ANYTHING ABOUT IT.BUT MY FRIEND IS SO HAPPY ABOUT IT , THAT I GUESS IT 'S A GOOD ONE!SHE IS SO THRILLED ABOU IT , THAT I GET A THANK YOU , EVERY TIME WE MEET!THANKS AMMAZON !
 The product is great . I ordered it for my friend and she absolutely loves it .
 As I have gotten older I have developed an allergy to heat and break out in terrible prickly heat bumps which itch like mad and almost seem to burn ... I tried quite a few creams -LRB- I do n't know if I am allowed to mention them ? -RRB- Anyway short story , they did not work.I went into my health shop and the lady there told me to try the `` Eucerin Itch-Releif Moisturizing Spray '' this stuff is marvelous , instant relief - I tell everyone about it ... unfortunately not a lot of places seem to sell it in the spray form , they have the cream which also works , but not an quickly or as long lasting as the spray -LRB- I do not know if I am allowed to say that either !!! but it 's true -RRB- Having moved from Southern California I could now not just walk to my health shop and get the spray ... after trying more than a dozen places , with no success -LRB- and having to revert once agin to trying out every itch cream on the market with no joy -RRB- my daughter suggested that I tried online ... and thankfully I was able to obtain this fantastic product through Amazon , I immediately ordered TWO bottles - there is no way I am ever going to run out of this product - when I have finished the first bottle I will immediately order Two more.I have always been the worlds biggest skeptic when I have read other testimonials of different products and here I am writing one myself ... go figure !!!!!
 It is hard to believe that a simple product like Eucerin Spray can be so effective . I use just a few spritzs every morning and the dry skin itch is gone for the day .
 Just happened upon this spray several years ago , but was never able to find it in the store again . After my 80ish year old mother used it , it is a regular item on her shopping list . I order it on the internet for her and get several bottles while I am at it to save on the shipping .
 Love this spray - it 's great to use especially for the areas of your back you ca n't seem to reach .
 Live in the desert , have sensitive skin and initially purchased this from my dermatologist , now I am on the web trying to purchase another before it runs out . Good control but does n't cause any irritation even with my sensitive skin . My doctor suggested every other day to start and then work it into a regular routine . Turns out , I only needed it every other day for breakouts and then it turned into about 3 times a month during periods of breakout . If my skin starts acting up I start it up at night and can wear it during the day under makeup for a few days and then `` wah la '' back to good control again :-RRB- Highly recommend this . But a caution from my Dr. was to use sunscreen as it does have Mandelic Acid .
 After using this product for nearly 6 months now , I have finally decided that I am now able to provide legitimate feedback . I will be very honest , throughout these first six months , I nearly abandoned this product out of frustration on several occasions which would have ended with a far different point of view toward this product than what I feel as of this writing.I suffer from Seborrheic Dermatitis . I am 29 years old and I have battled `` Seb-Derm '' since I was in high school . So it is important to know that I give this feedback for ZNP soap based solely on its effectiveness with treating only Seborrheic Dermatitis . If you are planning on using this soap for any other ailment , I do not know if the following testimony will be applicable or not . My guess is that some of it most definitely will.The only area where I suffer from visible Seborrheic Dermatitis is on my cheeks right below my eyes on each side of my nose . It is your standard variety of Seb-Derm and nothing I have ever tried seemed to treat it with any real effectiveness
 I have used this product for several years . It is great for flaking skin and dandruff . Recommended by a dermatologist and have not had dandruff since.The transaction itself was smooth . Good price , timely delivery .
 My pharmacy recently discontinued selling this product so I was very happy to find it on Amazon . I have used ZNP bar soap for many years , recommended by my dermatologist , for mild to moderate rosacea . It shows up as a rash on and around my nose , cheeks , and along my forehead and hairline . As long as I use this soap , morning and evening , I have no rash problems . Within a week of non-use , I notice a definite deterioration in the condition of my skin . Has nearly doubled in cost over the last ten years , but I 'm still buying/using it !
 Definitely effective for seborrhoeic dermatitis . My only complaint is that its expensive . However , the bar lasts forever .
 I have been using this shampoo soap , along with a coal tar shampoo for the past several years . A dermatologist recommended that the use the ZNP bar and the coal tar shampoo to treat dandruff and an itchy scalp . It works .
 Since ZNP Soap was discontinued my Dermatologist recommends Joesoef Skin Care Acne Sulfur Soap 10 % to replace the ZNP Soap that is no longer available . Sulfur is anti bacterial , anti fungal and its a natural antiseptic soap . Theses qualities are excellent in the treatment of Acne , Psoriasis , Dermatitis , Blackheads and whiteheads and more . For best results use warm water and work soap into a rich lather , its important to allow 60 seconds before rinse , this allows the sulfur to penetrate deep into your pores killing all the bacteria and fungus on contact while at the same time it will gently remove dead skin cells and reduce the redness and inflammation caused by the acne . Joesoef Skin Care Sulfur Soap 10 % is available online at -LSB- . . -RSB- or from your local dermatologists . Hopes this helps ...
 ZNP really does work !! It was initially prescribed by my doctor for dermatitis I love the product , but it seems to be OUT OF STOCK everywhere . GREAT product !!!
 My doctor recommended this product . Great product for the right price . Bar lasts a long time . Does not dry out the face . Takes care of the contact dermatitis . will continue to use product . Highly recommended .
 It was recommended by doctor for skin dryness on face . Since using it there has been no itching or flaking . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this to help with fungal folliculitus I think I got from the hot tub . I have been using for several months , along with Nizorel anti-fungal shampoo , and now use it as my regular soap when showering.It has a pleasant , but not overpowering , smell and seems to dry my skin out quite well , which is good for me , as I have generally very oily skin and am also prone to spots on my back and shoulders.Definitely worth a try .
 My dermatologist recommended this soap bar for me . It feels good on my skin , very creamy and it suds well . It took care of my dermatitis and is now part of my daily cleansing routine .
 Skin gets really dry in the winter , especially at higher altitudes.This soap is a must for dry , itchy skin.Well worth the price .
 This product does work . I found it as a treatment for tinea or for any yeasty skin problems . The bar form is very good for travelling when liquids could leak . It has a mild scent and cleaned well .
 My dermatoligist MD recommeded the ZNP Bar to me years ago.For me works for all kinds of skin conditions and helps keep my skin healthy.Turns out I 'm deficient in blood zinc levels so this bar helps supply zinc directly to my skin .
 It 's amazing how something as simple as a bar of soap can make such a difference .
 My order arrived on time but with a minor snafu requiring me to contact customer service . With little more than a quick phone call my issue was resolved and the rest of the order was fulfilled . Customer service went the extra mile for me and more than satisfactorily adjusted the discrepancy . I could not be happier when a company does not haggle with me and simply puts things right , for that the DermStore earned my future business .
 Over ten years back a dermatologist recommended this to me for a skin rash and it worked great . I had some type of growth on my scalp lately and tried another medicated shampoo which seemed to help but just was n't doing the job . I was happy to see I could still buy ZNP Bar , I used it right away and it had immediate results , this is good stuff for skin related conditions , it leaves my skin feeling soft too .
 Was recommended by an old dermatologist , it was a little drying but it cleared my skin up quickly and lasted a long time .
 If you have flakes anywhere on your body znp soap will get rid of them and leave your skin baby soft . I have been using ZNP soap for 30 years and hate to see it unavailable . one bar lasts a very long time . about a year ! Please bring the soap back !
 Although the 4 star rating would belie the consumer looking for a over the top success , this stuff is full of win . The only reason it didnt get a full five stars was I started using it the same time my dermatologist gave me Clobetasol . Between the two of these things my skin has not looked so good in many years . The bar has a light fragrant odor . It lathers well , gives good coverage and rinses clean . Skin is soft and not dry after you get out of the shower or bath . The value is despite the higher cost for this soap , the bar lasts exceptionally long . If used as directed this bar could last for several months , or longer . The only other Zinc product which worked as well was Head and Shoulders `` Intensive Treatment '' 2 % Zinc P but is no longer sold in stores . The Selenium Sulfide just doesnt cut it . I read a study where you need much higher concentrations of Selenium to even equal the power of 2 % Zinc . So why buy the weaker product ? Its getting harder and harder to find a good shampoo/soap to treat Psoriasis and dermatitis . -LRB- of which I have both in the same places , Doctor said I was `` lucky '' -RRB- Skin flakes less , and the redness all but disappears . Def worth a try , but you have to use it religiously , and there is a method to doing it . 1
 Like this product . So glad my dermatologist recommended it . It helps cut down on my back itching .
 I had a face break out that seemed to be sebhorheic dermatitis , it was not pimples but some kind of a rash . I used the ZNP bar and it dried up and is going away . Just what I wanted !
 When all other dandriff shampoo 's fail ... this one works . I used it growing up because of dandriff issues . Stopped using it and everything seemed ok for many years . lately , nothing worked . Went back to the ZNP bar and problem solved yet again .
 This product is wonderful and takes care of flaking like no other product I have used .
 This bar is great for a number of things - I bought it as a possible aid to relieve itching caused by psoriasis . I am happy to say - it works for me . It has also quieted down the effects of psoriasis -LRB- scaling , itching etc. -RRB- so my skin is clearer . I 'm no doctor , but if you have the same problem you might want to try a bar . Does n't have to be used every time you shower or bathe , so it lasts awhile .
 I received the item promptly ... wonderful to be home and receive a package with make up never opened , pristine shape ... this lip liner is one of my favorites and sells out all the time in Macy 's ... . love to shop on Amazon . . u rock ...
 I have tried 3 or 4 other firming lotions . Nivea has THE BEST firming and shaping treatments I have found for the price.From day 3 I could tell a difference in my skin . I use the Body Reshaping Treatment on my arms , legs , hips and Nivea Body Skin Firming Moisturizer on the rest of my body.There is a smell from the chemicals in it , but it goes away as soon as it dries . My skin has never felt so soft and the backs of my legs are about 40 % improved already in 2 weeks time .
 i have n't been able to find this product anywhere over the last 6 months , and i finally found it on amazon :-RRB- it works better than any of the similar items i 've used over the past few years . and it 's a great price and super convenient cuz you get 2 shipped right to your door !
 I had heard so much about this cream , I decided to give it a try . At worst , I figured it would be a reasonable moisturizer . Well , within about three days I noticed my thighs were visibly firmer and smoother , as though I had been working out . My cellulite was n't that noticeable to begin with , but that 's reduced too.It does n't smell , absorbs quickly , feels nice on the skin and is n't sticky , only needs to be applied once a day , and actually does what it says it will . Every woman should have a tub of this stuff .
 Nivea Body Reshaping Treatment with Q10 and Active Soy Extract , 10-Ounce Jars -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- I 've been using this product for about 1 year . Every morning I use a dab on my thighs , stomach and upper arms . It really helps smooth out my skin and keeps it soft to the touch all day . Its not greasy and absorbs quickly . One 2-jar order of this product lasts me for about 5 months . Its a great deal .
 I LOVE this product . I 've only been using it 2 weeks and already I see a difference . Once I get a tan the dimples will be much less noticeable as well . My skin is so much softer and I notice I do n't have to shave as much either ... not sure if that 's from the lotion but I 'll let it take the credit !! I have already recommended this to MANY friends and some enemies ... lol .
 without feeling greasy ... on addition to this product I bought a body cellulite massager and the combination works great but this cream without anything else is a great moisterizer ; therefore the skin looks renewed and less bumpy . While we were on vacation my husband asked me what could he used on his ankles that were so dry . I gave him this pot of cream and he would n't let it go . Nivea is a trade mark of years of great products ! Look for my other reviews on their sun kissed products .
 I had used this in the past and was n't really sure if it was doing anything as I was working out heavily and eating right . However , when I stopped using it , I definitely noticed a difference in my skin tone . I highly recommend it !
 I am a short woman with short arms . This one has a long handle with a string . I love a wood back brush , and the others I have owned I have had to glue together because I suppose they make them for people to take apart or something ... I wanted a sturdy one , one piece , and this fit the bill . The bristles REALLY make me feel clean and exfoliated and I love it . I got two , one for each bathroom . Shipper had it here like the next day ! I was shocked that it was here so fast . VERY highly recommend this shipper@!
 Ever want to scrub your back and you cant reach it ? This brush does the trick . Although it takes a little time to get use to the stiffness it is well worth the effort . My skin has never been so soft !
 I wanted a stiff brush and I finally got one . I love this brush .
 This brush reaches where it is intended to reach and is well made . It is exactly what I was looking for .
 This back brush is what I have been looking for for a long time . others I have tried were too soft or were of sponge material that deteriorated quickly or fell off the handle . This one is a good , stiff , scrubbing brush that can get to all those places on my back that I can not reach.I recommend this to anyone who wants to feel clean and scrubbed .
 I really like the feel of the stiff brushes , but my arm reach is n't so great and have a bit of trouble getting to all of my back . Would like a bit longer handle and with a curve would definitly make it easier . Wood gets a bit funky also with age .
 If you like a brush with stiffer bristles , this one is for you . Soft gentle bristles do n't work for me . I also like the slightly longer handle which makes it easier to reach around to my back .
 this is a good brush . the first time i used it , it felt a bit harsh , but by the second time i was desensitized to it and can take it . feels like a woman with really sharp nails scratchin you all over . lol . does the trick .
 I bought this brush for my husband . He says this brush scrubs like perfectly for those times you want a hard scrubbing . He had tried many other brushes -- all of which he said were too soft . It 's too bad it 's nowhere to be found now , I 'd love to send one to my father .
 This bath brush is not for everyone - the bristles are stiff and abrasive . This was a perfect gift for my brother , since his skin is not sensitive and he likes getting the all-over exfoliation to clean off dirt , oil and grime .
 THE IS THE BEST BRUSH ON THE MARKET.AFTER CLEANING YOURSELF WITH THIS BRUSH YOU FEEL CLEAN ' TRY IT YOU WILL LOVE IT.BUYING TWO MORE.OTHER BRUSHES WHERE TOO SOFT THIS BRUSH IS FIRM .
 My MIL wanted a new back scrubber , so I got her this one and she loved it ! Not too hard , not too soft and it has a long handle . It really made a great gift
 The item came quickly but I was slightly disappointed in the length . It is medium length but is described as a long handle sisal brush . After a week , It is quite comfortable to use and the sisal feels great . I guess I stretched out the old muscles reaching with it .
 I shopped body brushes for a decade before I found this brush . This company and this brush rock like no other , if you want a good hard scrub from a brush that stays stiff -LRB- short bristles -RRB- and gritty for it 's life . The wood will discolor , as wood will , but if it is allowed to dry immediately -LRB- dries best bristles down , outside the steamy bathroom moisture -RRB- it lasts years before it starts losing bristles ... . The long handle does nothing for me but get knocked on the shower walls and drive me batty but I just saw it in half . I get a new brush every few years from this vendor only . My skin is like butter . Thank you Pendergrass .
 Having tried the local trash at BB&B , etc I finally went online to find a bath brush with decent bristles and this one is it .
 I learned about this sunscreen on the EWG website . I like that it is small in size , has a relatively high SPF , is fragrance free , and has few problematic ingredients . My husband likes it because it is spray-on and is not sticky feeling . We take it to sporting events . It arrived soon after I ordered it . This was the second time I have ordered the same size.KINeSYS Spray-On Sunscreen , SPF 30 , Fragrance-Free , 1 fl oz -LRB- 30 ml -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB-
 i like this eyecream it is light and gives right moisture , not oily . reduces my puffiness . it is the only eye cream i use and am happy with . i 've tried others but i like this one best .
 I have had my Stick Scents for 6 months and it is still going strong , and gives a delightful fragrance to my office . It is better than the other chemically ones I have smelled .
 I just recently received this item and can already tell that it 's different from the usual blemish gel . This really works quickly ! The gel is a little sticky in texture , but a small amount does the trick . I wish I would 've found this sooner , because I wo n't be without it now .
 I have been using this gel for many years now . I am old enough that you would think I should n't get zits anymore , but every now and then they find their way back into my life , especially in the summer . This product works great for me . I start using it at the first sign that a pimple might be forming and they do n't stand a chance . My skin is too dry and sensitive to use harsh products on my entire face , so I only use a small amount directly on the spot . I re-apply at least twice a day , more often if I am at home . If for some reason I do not have this product with me -LRB- such as forgot to pack it -RRB- they will form , so I know it is this product that is saving me . I am glad to see it on amazon as I just tried to order it from my usual place and they no longer have it.thanks again amazon - and beauty.com .
 It a conditioner but I use it before I wash my hair with Shikikai Soap because it helps prevent my hair from drying out and it works out well with my Alma conditioning powder . I only have one problem and that is that it does n't last long but that may be my problem
 I fried my hair with bleach , and now I am so happy I found this product . It has saved my hair . I actually want to touch it all the time . I use this product once a week , and even though I shower everyday , and use cheap shampoo/conditioner this product stays in my hair and does n't go away for almost 7 days . I tell everyone about it and I get lots of disgusted looks/comments . So if you want beautiful hair at a great price , and you could care less about the sheep placenta extract , this is the choice for you.The only thing I do n't like is the process , the directions say
 I GOT THIS PRODUCT AT WALGREENS AND I WAS SCEPTICAL B/C OF THE NAME BUT I GET ON YOUTUBE ALOT AND SEE PRODUCTS REVIEWS SO I DECIDED TO TRY IT . GOOD THING I DID . I WASHED MY HAIR WITH GIOVANNI TEA TREE TRIPLE TREAT AND THEN CONDITIONED WITH THIS PRODUCT , I KEPT IT ON FOR ABOUT 20 MINS IT SAYS 10 BUT I HAVE DRY HAIR SO I DECIDED TO KEEP IT ON A LITTLE LONGER . IT LEFT MY HAIR SOFT AND SMELLING WONDERFUL . I DO SUGGEST DOING ANOTHER DEEP CONDITIONER AFTERWARDS FOR DRY HAIR , BUT THE RESULTS ON MY 4B/4C HAIR WAS GREAT . THE SMELL WAS ABSOLUTLEY YUMMY AND THE PRICE IS MAJOR PLUS . TRY IT ASAP !!!!
 This is easily the best deep hair conditioning product I 've ever used . Truly excellent .
 It was very convenient to reorder Dior lipstick through Amazon.com ; I could not find the lipstick in any of the department stores here.Glenna
 I have used the product for hair care for 3 years . I 'm not certain that it reduces hair loss or graying -LRB- I 've both -RRB- , but I prefer to use this natural product over other manufactured hair care products . It gives the hair a sheen and has light styling properties .
 I am Puerto Rican with lots of very fine curly hair prone to friz . Most curl butters and wax-based pomades weigh my hair down and leave my hair flat and dull . I use Isoplus castor oil on my hair while wet after after applying leave-in conditioner . A little goes a long way for me . I do n't apply to my scalp , just on the ends . It leaves my hair shiny , and sets my natural curls beautifully . And you ca n't beat the price !
 Great smell . Cheaper than in the store . My girlfriend loves this as an everyday inexpensive smell and I love it because its inexpensive and smells fantastic . Ca n't go wrong with it for a &#34; just because &#34; gift .
 I chose it because i took a quiz and it said it would be perfect for me . So when i chose it it smelled wonderful to me !
 A awesome scent , have been looking for this perfume for the longest and finally found it ... at a awesome price.Can ' t get better than that , Awesome scent and Awesome Price : -RRB-
 it 's good , fast , and reliable . But I could not see any expiration information on the box . And I am kind of worried it might soon be expired .
 I have very sensitive and dry skin . This cream worked wonders.Unfortunately , I can not find it again .
 I like to use this if I want no residue on my skin . You would think olive oil would be greasy but it is anything but . I do need to follow up with lotion during the dry months or switch to a shea butter based product . My hubby loves this product .
 I have been using the woman 's version of this product for years and love it ! My boyfriend started using it in the winter because his skin was getting too dry so I bought him this product to see if he would like it and he prefers it to mine since the fragrance is a bit less feminine ... He also prefers the pump style applicator of this product -LRB- the woman 's version requires you unscrew and remove the bottle cap , tip the bottle over and squeeze some in your hand ... -RRB-
 I bought it for my boyfriend . He is loving it ! -LRB- and I 'm loving it also on him -RRB- He is using it at least one time/day - every morning after shower , and sometimes during the day also . He told me that this lotion is very soothing ; it 's not sticky and/or oily . And I can tell you that he smells very nice -LRB- manly aroma -RRB- after applying this lotion .
 I like this in several ways
 I am extremely pleased with this dryer ... it has all the features that I like . With the attachment , I can concentrate on one area of hair without touching the others . The different speeds and temperatures also work well and are nice to have.I would recommend this product to anyone looking for the specific features that this dryer has .
 This dryer does a fantastic job drying my hair in no time , -LRB- and I have long , thick hair -RRB- . I find the buttons positioned right where I hold the dryer are a little inconvenient ... sometimes in the middle of drying I change the temperature without meaning to or get a `` cool blast '' , but other than that ... a great product for the money .
 Excellent product ... blow drys my hair in half the time as my old one
 I used this fragrance years ago when I was an undergraduate student ... Loved it then , love it even more now . Definitely worth what you spend on it ...
 This is absolutely my favorite scent . It is very gentle . Sometimes I forget I am wearing it and find myself looking around for the lovely flower in bloom . And this is the best price I have found for it .
 This is one of my favorite perfumes . There 's not much I can say about this product , but for the fact it smells so good !
 Although this So De La Renta by Oscar De La Renta has been around for some time , I never get tired of the scent . I think it is the absolute best smelling womens perfume on the market . When I found this on Amazon selling for this great price , I had to buy it for my wife . I love the way this stuff smells !!
 i wore this all the time , but then it was no longer available in the stores . now that ive found it here ill be buying more . its a floral scent . i like all florals paris , lancomes poem , and oscars original scent .
 Great item . Got it for a Xmas gift for my sister , it 's her favorite perfume and hard to find so cheap . I opened it to make sure it was really what I wanted and kind if wanted to buy it for myself after smelling it .
 love this perfume i used to have it now i found it again , i love it , the men love it too , and the price excellent .
 This is perhaps the ultimate in feminine scents . Musk based with white flower florals . It is awesome too for a woman with oily skin as it is rich enough to stay with you for hours . Yummy ! Men always compliment me on my scent too when I wear this !
 OSCAR DE LA RENTA IS THE ONLY COLOGNE MY MOTHER WILL USE . HAVE TRIED GIVING HER A DIFFERENT COLOGNE , -LRB- ONE THAT I LIKE THAT MY WIFE USES , -RRB- HOWEVER , SHE ONLY LIKES OSCAR -LRB- WO N'T DO THAT AGAIN . -RRB- WAS GREAT TO FIND IT ON AMAZON FOR SUCH A GREAT PRICE .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it . She used to wear it but no stores around us carry it anymore . Thank-you Amazon for having it for us .
 I bought this because I received a sample of it with another order . I had never heard of it but found that I kept going back to the sample day after day . It is soft and feminine , does not smell `` old '' or powdery as some floral perfumes can . A really lovely scent . I 've had perfumes that cost four times as much that I had to remember to use or had to be in the mood for , this one is light enough to use every day no matter what the season . Great price too .
 I 'm a dude but love this shizzle on the lady parts . It smells so effin flowery and what not . Lady 's be squirtin ' on their lady bits making it smell nice and stupid up in there . It be stink pretty - that 's for sho . Also one time , I was having a BBQ with some homeboys and could n't get the BBQ goin ' , so I said , `` Hey ! Hey ! LaQueesha ... Bring dat nasty weave over here fo a quick minute . You got some a dat parfum you always tryin to cover up your stank self up wit ? '' . So her fool-self brought it over from the bafroom and I spritzed some of dat juice on the briquets . So then , my brother Lil ' Skootz and his pregnant fianc&eacute;e came over to see what was going on . Skootz threw his Swisher Sweet on the BBQ and BAM ! We got flames yo ! Our chicken was off the hook even though it did taste a little bit like a meadow . In short , you should buy this multipurpose liquid . BAM ! We got flames yo !
 a very nice scent . I am enjoying it . I hope it does not go bad with time . We shall see .
 Excellent product marketed is identical to the store , excellent material , very durable and meets my expectations , the quality of the article is very good and excellent brand
 I received this perfume for my birthday years ago and kind of forgot about using it . Then when I re-discovered it , I absolutely loved the fragrance . My husband kept saying &#34; What 's that fragrance you have on ? What are you wearing ? &#34; It was always So De La Renta . Then I ran out !! Getting it for Christmas was super . And using Amazon is so convenient since we live in a small town where department stores are non existent .
 This is the true scent of a Man 's Lady . Everyman who smells this on me raves about it . I 'm always asked about this scent and after working extremely long hours it stays fresh . I feel so daint , beautiful and powerful wearing this scent . I 'm a business woman so I have to be able to smell great without choking those around me . Like I said , everyone needs this scent in their collection .
 My wife loves this perfume and it smells amazing . Not only does she love the smell , it also lasts all day .
 Live the smell of this perfume , I always get lots of complements when I where it . It 's hard to find in the stores and this is a great price and fast shipping .
 As above - my all time favorite fragrance at a great price . It lasts for a long time , is subtle , and I receive many compliments about it .
 I love this product . It is a light fragrance . I rated this product a 5 because it has a great smell and it was very cheap . If you buy this product out of Macy , you will spend more .
 Perfectly blended - light & not too sweet or too spicy . I receive many compliments on it & it is my favorite .
 I am apacionate with this aroma . Oscar de la Renta is my favorite one and the clasic fragance is always one of my regular choices .
 I too have noticed that this left store shelves awhile back and so I 've tried different things . Never have I liked any of them as much as Basis . It foams up great , with hardly any effort and little water . Has a great scent too . I just used the subscription offer on this and it is so cheap . Great product , and great price !!
 An excellent face wash , leaves the skin super clean . I love the smell - a light grapefruit scent is fantastic . I 'm a repeat buyer when these run out .
 i am very pleased with my purchase and will be a client in the future . The order came quick and was very well packed .
 This product is not intended for people who have terrible skins with pimples popping out everywhere on their face . This product is intended for use by the beautiful people who take care of their faces . I do recommend this product as a replacement to any top-notch face-wash products .
 I 've been using this face wash for about 5 years now , but I have n't found it in any stores in the past several months . The face wash is great for oily skin - it removes makeup really well and is soap-free , so is good for sensitive skin . We 've stocked up and are hoping that Amazon continues to carry it . The price was better than any of the online drugstores as well .
 I bought some of this face wash at the grocery store , only to discover later on that -LSB- ... -RSB- carries it for a better price . This face wash says it 's for normal to oily skin , but my skin can get extremely dry , and I am in love with this product . There 's a clean tingle after using it , the smell is fresh and clean , and it 's inexpensive . If you have dry skin , I also recommend pairing it with Complex 15 as a face moisturizer afterward . I discovered it on Amazon , and am more impressed than I have been with any other moisturizer .
 This is awesome and cheap face wash . Smell is n't overbearing and leaves my skin feeling pretty clean . It is hard to find . I was breaking out and my gf told me to get this . Bought off amazon and arrived in one day using prime . This facial wash is slightly drying though so I suggest you buy a good moisturizer . Would def buy again .
 I have tried expensive face cleansers all the way down to the typical grocery store kinds . My room mate in college turned me on to this about 12 years ago . She had the best skin and whenever I would sneak some , I loved the clean smell . I took a break from this cleanser -LRB- mainly cause I could n't find it -RRB- and tried others . I was n't overly impressed with any of them . Recently I came across it on amazon and ordered some . I have been using now for about 3 weeks . I have noticed 2 major differences with my skin . 1 -RRB- My `` fine '' wrinkles on my forehead have become even more `` fine '' 2 -RRB- I had major skin peeling problems on my hands and that has stopped completely.Stock up on this great product !!!
 I have used Basis gel for years ... not only as a face wash , but as a shower gel and even a shampoo when I am traveling the world . I have skin sensitivities and find that if I use something other than Basis , I get itchy . Basis removes eye makeup beautifully - even waterproof masquera.One note
 This cleaner is great at removing dirt and keeping my face smooth . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this product for my mother who swears she can not and will not use any other facial cleaner . Basis is difficult to find in her geographic area so I did the internet search for her and found the product . She is absolutely thrilled and actually , her face always looks radiant .
 I have sensitive combination skin and have found that this product works well . It cleans without stripping the skin .
 I first experienced this produce from my sister . It makes my face feel clean , no drying and smooth . I have recommended this product to all my friends . Wish it were easier to purchase than by mail but I would get it no matter how I had to get it .
 I love Basis Face Wash. . It has a clean , fresh smell and gently cleans my face of all make-up , etc. . I used to be able to find this at regular stores , but have not been able to find it for the last year or so . I was thrilled to be able to order it on-line .
 The first and only wash that does n't leave my skin dry , irritated or clogged up . This cleanser used to be available in most stores and then started disappearing more and more . Imagine my joy at finding it at Amazon , after having to deal with inferior products for 2 years .
 Excellent product . Happy to see this product on Amazon considering it has become increasingly difficult to find this product at the stores . I refuse to use any other product since I started using this one .
 This is my all-time favorite facial cleanser . I ca n't stand using anything else -- I 'm not allergic to it , it cleans well , it smells good , and it does n't dry out your face .
 I received a tube of this in a goody bag at a marathon , and the first time I used it I was hooked . I love the scent and how great my skin feels after I use it . - The 4 pack is a great bargain , especially since it is not the easiest product to find in stores where I live .
 I love this product . They quit carrying it at Walgreens in St. Louis and I looked everywhere for it . You get a gentle foam with a clean light grapefruit scent . The best facial cleanser I 've ever used .
 Pretty soon , I 'll only be able to imagine using it ... I love this , and the prices on Amazon are really amazing . I suggest you load up here so as to avoid the impending droubt .
 i got this face soap in the little box of goodies they give you when you move into your college dorm freshman year . i 've been using it ever since . i think it keeps my face feeling fresh and clean and i rarely ever break out . on occasion i do buy a different face soap to mix it up for a few days , but i always come back to this . its not always easy to find in the stores , so it 's great that amazon has it available . i will be using this facewash for years to come .
 Fresh , light and citrus scented . Not too harsh -- good for everyday use .
 I grew up using Amway 's excellent but pricy facial cleansers and , when I moved away and had a student 's budget , was annoyed and disappointed by most of the face washes out on the grocery store shelves . They either left a residue -LRB- for example , the gel versions of Clean and Clear -RRB- or did n't seem to really remove oils -LRB- the various creamy products -RRB- . Then I tried Basis , and there 's no reason to use anything else . It performs much like the Amway products , for just a few dollars a package.Bottom line
 I have been using Basis Face Wash for approximately 15 years when it was recommended to me by a dermatologist . When I have been unable to find it I tried other similar products . There is not a product out there that , in my opinion , can even come close to this one . Either they are too thick , too thin , too oily , too foamy , not foamy enough , etc. . I am an older female and not computer savvy . It took me a while to realize I can find pretty much any product I want at Amazon . I know now and could n't be happier . Thank you
 This is a great product for people with sensitive skin . It cleans well and does n't irritate skin . My doctor recommended it about 10 years ago . It is now quite difficult to find in stores , so I go online and usually find it a very good prices .
 I love this product . It cleans without drying and does n't clog my pores . However , the packing of the items could improve . I received the items -LRB- I bought four tubes -RRB- in one box but the tubes where merely taped closed on each side of the flip top-not a safe way to ship liquid products . I have purchased this item previously on Amazon and received each tube individually shrink wrapped . I would recommend the shrink wrap method of shipping in the future .
 Does what it says
 I 've tried all kinds of prescription , non-prescription , and natural hypoallergenic products , and this is absolutely the ONLY product that works on my skin . There is no question that for my skin , there are no other products that even come close to working .
 Great face cleanser . My husband and I use it every morning . Leaves skin feeling clean and fresh . Removes makeup easily as well .
 The title says it all ! This is hands down the best face wash I 've ever encountered . Light , mildly fragrant , and deep cleansing . It leaves your skin feeling smooth and moisturized .
 I have used this product for years . It has gone off and on the shelves from time to time and this last time , I thought it was for good . I am so glad I found it on line . I used to work at a major drug store and had always recommended this product . It cleans the best and my face feels so good after I have used it . Please , do not discontinue !
 I love the simple formulation and fresh clean scent of this product . Always leaves my face clean ... -LRB- which a surprising number of `` cleansers '' do not do -RRB- and soft . In the winter I used to use the cream cleanser from this company , but they 've discontinued it ... :-LRB- and now it is harder and harder to find this at the drugstore as well :-LRB- . Did i mention how much i looove the smell ?
 This item allows you to purchase the Ralph Lauren Romance cologne at a value price . You just do not get the cap .
 another great smelling cologne . I have like 40 of them and I rotate it one . this is one that is on top of my list .
 It is pricey and that is why I have given it just four stars but in all other respects it is the best . If feels lovely on the skin and is very long lasting . Indeed when I wear it people comment on my lovely complexion . I have a sensitive skin prone to spots and blemishes so I stick to oil-free foundations . Usually I find them too light and with low coverage but this foundation covers perfectly well and hides any blemishes on my face . Moreover a little goes a long way so it lasts but again I have to admit that the price is rather hefty and for this reason I do n't use in on a daily basis but save it for weekends and special occasions . So I reccommend it to anyone who is not scared by the price .
 I love this foundation . It is oil free giving you a barely-there matte finish . Perfect for when you need a little more than tinted moisturizer .
 Worth every penny and then some . This foundation glides on like a dream , hides imperfections without being cakey . Sheer and lustrous . You 'll look like you 're glowing !
 I have both day and night cream and I 'll never use anything else . My son introduced this line of Dead Sea products to me when he returned from Israel and brought me a variety of them as a gift . They 're pricey , but you get what you pay for !
 I went for a facial the other day . The final result did n't make my skin as smooth or as soft as just my own home facial and seacret face cream does . I use this lotion as a day lotion , when I stay indoors and do n't need sun protection . The results are instant and my skin gets very soft .
 The package arrived on time as indicated at the time of purchase . The package was wrapped nicely and I am satisfied with my purchase .
 I have seen this product at mall kiosks ; asking price was 129.00 . I found it here on amazon at a closeout price of 21.00 ; I think it was the old packaging , so I suspect that was the reason for the price . Also , the expiration date was less than one year from purchase date . Regardless , this is the best moisturizer I have used . I am a 35 y/o male , and I 'm not a cosmetics expert , but I do have sensitive skin and have tried numerous products over the years . Several products look very oil on my skin , but this does not . It is a heavier cream , but absorbs instantly and with little effort . I leave it on all day and , when I shower at night , I can feel the layer still there protecting my skin as I wash it away . I live in a cold climate and it has protected my face from drying out and becoming irritated , as other parts of my skin have done . Pricey , but worth it if you 're willing to spend the money and have tried everything else .
 As long as this stuff is manufactured , I will never buy another daily moisturizing cream . It has healed my dry , patchy skin , given me a glow , and made me look younger . There is no fountain of youth , but this is pretty close . A nice , light and pleasant scent in this cream that is easily absorbed . I have very sensitive skin , and this is the only product that I can use on a daily basis without adverse side-effects . Give it a try .
 This was a great bargain for my favorite deodorant ! I like the strength , and the ladies and I like the smell on me ! I also like that it was the wider deodorant stick with the ridges that control the rising and lowering of the deodorant height ; it makes it easier to grip . Unlike the increasingly sold slim deodorant sticks sold out there without the ridges to grip -LRB- and maybe it 's just me , but I feel those slim deodorant versions are n't as strong as this wide body deodorant stick -RRB- . It was also shipped in a timely manner .
 I love this product and all Exuviance products . . they have a great smell and seem to work well .
 I had always used a major brand -LRB- which shall remain nameless -RRB- and it was causing blocked pores/cysts . So I went to the dermatologist and they told me to use this and the evening cream . I six weeks the cysts are almost gone.Love , love , love this cream !!!!!
 I 've used this product for about two years now . I switched from my old facial lotion because I was noticing my skin getting oilier . Have n't had that problem since I switched to Exuviance . The sun protection is outstanding as that is all I apply when I go to the beach for the day and I 've had no accidental sun burns . Highly recommend for us aging women .
 This creme was recommended by the vendor as an alternative to `` Decleor Alpha Morning `` which has been discontinued and I was cruising online to try to find a vendor that may still have some in stock . - I actually like the Excuviance Essential Creme even better - works very well with my skin . - Delivery was prompt and I am coming back for more
 The spray itself smells great - just like the old original years ago . Packaging however leaves a lot to be desired , but that is not the important issue .
 I really love Calandre . It is my all time favorite scent . This 1 oz size is perfect ... especially for air travel because it 's allowed to be part of carry on luggage . I 'm so pleased with this cute 1 oz size .
 I have used this product for years -LRB- age 29-40 -RRB- , and I worked in Dermatology/Plastic Surgery for 10 years in some of the country 's most prestigious offices . This product is meant for NIGHT TIME ONLY ! It has more of a vaseline type texture for super hydrating results . You really only need a small amount . If you travel on planes , work in dry convention centers , are in the desert , or are just feeling hormonally dehydrated . . this is your jar ! I have never used this daily , only when I feel like I need a super hydrating surge . It is like an overnight mask . When you wake up and wash your face , you will have a more luminous tone to your skin .
 This product works beautifully -LRB- pun intended -RRB- to restore a healthy , youthful moisture balance to skin & especially to very dry , older skin . BEWARE
 Hard to find ... just when they have a great product ... they stop making it . Have used it for many years
 Looking for a simple neutral with a bit of shimmer lipgloss ? This is it !! It beats MAC . NARS IS so much better !
 I admit that I am just immature enough to have been attracted to this product because of the name . I mean it is great . But the product itself is very nice . The gloss is just right and I have never gotten my hair caught in it , this is a key item for me . The color seems to look great on anyone , and I think it really looks nice on me . I have olive tinted skin so too much pink makes me look like I do not have good sense . And I can not have that , especially on an off day . So this lip gloss looks sleek and put together and I love that . Especially on an off day .
 I was speaking on WGN News in Chicago and needed a juicy lip gloss . This had a great shine to it without glittering up the camera . This lip gloss lasts longer than some of my others , but I still need to re-apply every 30 minutes .
 Love love love this product . The color is perfect and it lasts for many hours . It 's the perfect combination of shiny color without being sticky . I will try other shades as well .
 I use all Nars products for my makeup and absolutely am totally satisfied with each and every one . I like the Easy lover lipgloss because it has a bright pink hue and also stays on for a while and then kind of leaves my lips with a bit of a nice stain color at the end when it is all gone . I love that the NARS lipgloss ' are not sticky as opposed to the MAC plushglosses . I have blonde hair , hazel eys and fair skin and I usually use this lipgloss in the morning and then usually change to a more suttle lipgloss for the rest of the day .
 I love this lip gloss . Bought the color Coup de Coeur , and the color is fantastic for my medium-toned , peachy complexion . I bought one for my mom , too , and now she wo n't wear anything else on her lips !
 I really like this gloss . Its not too shiny and looks very natural on my lips . I love it .
 A little too sparkly in my opinion but as it 's lip gloss one should n't complain . Stays longer than the lipstick version and does n't smudge . Leaves hardly a print on a white coffee cup which is a big plus .
 This was my first NARS lipgloss , and definitely my most expensive lipgloss I have purchased to date ! This is one of those products that I have heard people rave about over the last few years , and just had to try it for myself ! Overall I really like the consistency of this gloss . It is extremely smooth and creamy . It definitely feels like a higher end lipgloss . I do n't notice a smell when I use it all -LRB- I know a few people who claim these stink horribly . -RRB- The color is the only thing that kept me from giving this 5 stars . It is a very light , kind of milky pink color . It just looks different then I had imagined it to look , even though I had viewed swatches of it and seen people wear it in blogs and stuff . I am still experimenting with which lipsticks/lipliners it looks best with to find something I might love it with . Overall , I love the consistency , even though I am not crazy about the color , and will definitely purchase another NARS lipgloss in the future !
 Perfect color and texture ! I love it and would recommend this to all my friends as a great everyday wear !
 Love the color and the texture . Nars products have yet to disappoint , terrific ! Have tried many high end brands and most have fallen short with texture - this one is not sticky and the color is just what I expected . Pretty and smooth .
 This is the perfect lip gloss , shiny , and stays on forever ! I highly recommend this product to anyone for an all day gloss .
 Very pretty color for a nude look . Just what I was looking for and for half the price ! Would highly recommend .
 I have darker complexion and this is color is great for me ! The lip gloss is perfect - it goes on smoothly and lasts for a while . I would recommend NARS lip gloss and this color to everyone .
 This is the most genius lip gloss invented . Shiny but not sticky gross . Does n't make my lips crust and turn bright red if I do n't use it for a day . Love the colors , love the feel . Kind of spendy , in my opinion , but great product .
 This product is everything you come to expect from a trusted name like NARS . I also like the regular Orgasm lip gloss but this one has a golden-like effect to it ... very pretty . I get tons of complements .
 This is almost a daily color that I use . Easy to wear with any color on the face . Great combined with the smokey eye or even with minimal make up . . One of my favorite lip gloss . .
 I love the look of this gloss . The color is subtle but very sparkly . The consistency is nice and thick , but not as sticky as some M.A.C glosses . I have fair skin and pink undertones , and this color looks great for daytime or over a darker color at night -LRB- it looks GREAT over M.A.C 's Viva Glam VI lipstick -RRB- . You will have to reapply after eating and after a few hours of wear , but that 's pretty typical of any gloss . Overall , I am very happy with this product .
 This color is quite deceiving , the color is so attractive , and sexy , nice pigment . A nice dark eye with a little sparkle at nite to mix and your hot.XOXO Love it.Another pointer , add a little sparkle to your lipgloss for nite wear youll shine like the star you are .
 I have worn NARS Sunset Strip lip gloss for over 8 years and still continue to get compliments on the color . I have tried all the other major brands , Dior , La Prairie , Laura Mercier and Bobby Brown to name a few and nothing begins to compare . The color saturation is perfect and the formula is great without being too sticky . Many brands do not stay put , but the NARS is always there . I think the one major difference is that I always use a lip pencil first , , this helps to intensify the color and hold the gloss on the lip . Unfortunately I have been informed that they are discontinuing this color , but they have a new one called wonder that looks similar . Anyway , regardless of the color , I highly recommend NARS lipgloss .
 NARS does it again with this delightful glossy colour . I use this along with a tinted moisturiser and the NARS Laguna bronzer to create a beautiful natural look . I always use the Bettina lip pencil over my whole lips before hand to prevent bleeding and this gives the best colour glide for this lipstick . Great product .
 This product is just what I needed I have a pale complexion and It 's hard for me to find the perfect color but this is it ! Some people say the consistency is bad but i prefer a thick gloss that will last longer.I think this gloss is amazing ! My boyfriend bought it for me for Christmas off of my wishlist . I 'm happy to have a high quality product like this for my lips .
 ordered this lip gloss because i 've used it before and like product very much . also like the color . gloss stays on very well and is not sticky .
 This is the greatest lip gloss ! It does n't have a funny taste or smell and stays put for a long time . Try it , you 'll love it . I bought Sweet Dreams and looking for another great color ! Worth the price !
 This color is perfect by itself or over any color - it does a great job toning down colors that are too bright . I have one in every purse , in my drawer at work and in my car !!
 The one complaint I have about this product is that I think `` Chihuahua '' is a very odd name for a lip gloss shade . However , my criticism ends there . I generally hate lips gloss in general because most products are sticky , never stay in place , and have a weird smell to them . NARS lip gloss is PERFECT . No stickiness , no smell , and it STAYS PUT ! For a long time , in fact ! The gloss comes in a bunch of beautiful colors that look great on their own or over a lipstick . I will definitely buy this again and plan on trying some other shades as well . Love it , love it , love it !
 arrived on time & a beautiful light pink color that feels like silk on your lips ...
 This gloss is the perfect gloss if you are wanting a long-lasting , high-pigmented gloss . I was a little unsure about paying $ 24.00 for a lipgloss ... but since this gloss does not have to be applied frequently , it has the lifespan of about 2 tubes of other gloss . It also comes in a larger tube -LRB- larger than MOST drugstore glosses -RRB- which is great ! GREAT MAKEUP INVESTMENT !!!
 This is my first Nars product - I love how it sticks around for a while , and looks very pretty on . This is the most money I have spent of lip gloss , but well worth it !
 I love love love this lipgloss . It really is the perfect shimmery pink without being too much . The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I 've also fallen in love with Philosophy 's `` big mouth '' and I ca n't say NARS is better .
 I am of Mediterranean and Hispanic descent , and I have a really hard time finding lip colors that work for me . Most colors are either too light or too dark for me . I was looking for a pretty pink that would look good either with a smoky eye or a more natural look . After trying on several colors , I found that `` La Dolce Vita '' is the perfect one for me . The color lasts surprisingly long , I only have to apply twice a day . It leaves my lips really moisturized too.So , why the 4 stars instead of 5 ?? Because of the price ! If it were 10 dlls . less , this would be my holy grail of lip glosses ! UPDATE
 The bloodwork lip gloss is a MUST if you do bright red lips . It is a very thick , VERY HIGHLY PIGMENTED lipgloss - I would n't even call it a gloss because it is not sheer at all . Excellent for bright fire engine red lips or as a dab for fake blood , just make sure it does n't get smeared . I use one or two dabs on my lips & blend with a lip brush for best use . DO NOT APPLY IT LIKE A GLOSS DIRECT FROM THE TUBE , you will look like a messy toddler vampire , hahaha . I dislike the texture of the gloss itself , but used lightly & blended , this color is too friggin ' amazing to not be in every makeup artists bag . A dab mixed with moisturizer can also work as a cheek tint in a pinch.Only 4 stars because the gloss is pretty sticky , make sure your hair is up , it is n't windy , and/or that you set it with a bit of powder . Very sticky ! It also tends to bleed in the cracks around your mouth more than a regular bright red lipstick , slightly eased by applying sparingly with a lip brush . Also consider using a nude lip liner under it to prevent the bleeding , or one of those special lip liners for older women designed specifically to prevent the color from bleeding into the wrinkles around the mouth . Smokers with permanent sucker-pucker wrinkles not advised to use this , you 'll like a ' 70 's caricature of your grandmother .
 This has , and always will be , my favorite lip gloss . I really hate wearing any sort of lip covering other than chapstick , but I was n't blessed with a great natural color , so I have to improvise . It 's a little tacky , but it 's long lasting , does n't have a heavy fragrance , and the color is perfect . Not too red , not too shimmery , it just works . Plus , the name is just fun ... : -RRB-
 Nars makes excellent lip glosses . The colors are excellent and the glosses do not have an irritating aroma nor a terrible texture .
 Great consistency ; it does n't get sticky after application and has a really nice creamy quality to it . It provides a subtle shine , but is n't as punchy as I 'd like it to be . I prefer something that nourishes the lips more , as well . I think I 'd like to try it in `` Turkish Delight '' -LRB- my first was `` Sweet Dreams '' -RRB- . Good product !
 The color was beautiful , wonderful texture and consistency . No smell or flavor , which was great , also lasts a very long time . I would recommend this product to everyone . Thanks , NARS !
 I will keep this as simple as I can ; I honestly love this stuff . It holds like crazy glue , and in case you still have a few fly-aways ... either reshape the amount you already have , or if you dare ... add a * little more . A word to the wise ; make sure you rinse your hair off nice and good , if you get home late and do n't feel like showering . You do not want this stuff on your pillow case !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and she loved it . Will probably be buying it again for the same person .
 This Hollywood Beauty carrot oil is a life saver ! After finding it , I have not needed to look for new hair care products . It is light and effective . I am interracial and have curly to nappy hair . It 's nice hair , but dry and quite wild in its natural state . So after getting out of the shower and towel drying my hair , I use about a quarter size amount of this , followed by a dab of carrot cholesterol -LRB- spread it around on my hands and then into my hair to tame it some -RRB- , brush and let my hair dry in a loose ponytail . My hair is then manageable and moisturized . I do n't know where I 'd be without this product ! It is not only great , but long lasting - I can go about 3 months on one 2oz bottle -LRB- which costs only a few dollars -RRB- . It is a real shame Sally Beauty Supply is not carrying it anymore . They should -LRB- note to any Sally retailer reading this -RRB- . I am now having to buy it online . Thanks for continuing to carry it , sellers !
 I 've used the product as a hot oil treatment twice now and have seen a major difference in my hair . My hair was shedding really badley . It was to the point where you could touch my hair and strands would come out easily -- started thinning out on one side -LRB- due to stress -RRB- . I noticed after the second use that the shedding decreased tremendously . In fact , the strands are n't brittle like before . I plan to use as a weekly regimen . I definately recommend this product for weak/brittle hair .
 I bought this oil at my local beauty suppy store in a little strip mall.I was pretty desperate , because I 'd overpermed my hair and it seemed to be falling out more than usual , -LRB- `` shedding '' -RRB- ... a very scary experience.Anyway , I mixed the Hollywood Carrot Oil with a cheap Protein Conditioner I bought from Puritan Pride , and my hair stopped falling out IMMEDIATELY!My hair feels and looks incredible.Oh!And the split-ends DID `` disappear '' . Amazing !
 I bought this product because of all the positive reviews I 've read about it , and this oil did not disappoint my dry hair ! I can really tell that my hair loves this stuff after putting it on . A little goes a long way too , so I wo n't be buying another bottle for a long while . Also , I was shedding a bit and this did the trick to greatly reduce it . : -RRB-
 Very good product . It has helped significantly with my hair shedding problem within a week . I use it every other day to treat my hair overnight and wash in the morning with gentle shampoo . No dry hair anymore . Within a few weeks I will use it once in every two days . A little goes a long way for my short , thin hair . I am expecting this tiny bottle to last a while . My husband has started using it too . The seller was good and the shipping was fast too .
 I recently ordered this oil & it arrived right on time . I oiled my scalp with this & it really moisturizes the scalp / hair . I added some to my deep conditioner so it can really work on my scalp & ends . A woman 's hair is her crown & glory so you must take care of it .
 I use this product in my daughter 's hair . She is two and a half , but has natural pincurls that are tighter than Shirley Temple 's . When you pull the hair down straight , it -LRB- literally -RRB- goes down to the middle of her back . Having a shampoo with a smoothing , detangling quality is a MUST.PROS :1 . It 's super cheap . This is always a good thing , as the bottle occasionally gets squeezed into the tub to make bubbles when I am not looking . -LRB- As a plus for kids , it causes super bubbles , and works just as well as a bubble bath would -RRB- .2 . It 's by Suave , so you know it 's a decent product . I like Suave a lot , and have found that this works better than any other children 's brand of shampoo we have tried .3 . It works VERY well with the Suave for Kids Detangler spray . I use it right after my toddler gets out of the bath , and we immediately brush her hair . We started using the detangler spray first , but have definitely noticed a difference since we started using this product .4 . It smells great ! We tend to buy the combo packs -LRB- which have different smells -RRB- , and the strawberry remains one of my favorite . I have a hard time finding kids strawberry-smelling products that do n't smell overly fake and sugary , and this product does a good job of it .5 . It rinses out super quick . My daughter freaks out when you spray water on her head -LRB- even if it 's from a cup -RRB- , so it 's ability to rinse out quickly is a plus .6 . It is tear free . My daughter does n't freak out , scream , or cry when she gets it in her eyes . MAJOR BONUS ! 7 . It lasts a long time . We only need a squirt half the size of a dime , and it washes my daughter 's hair thoroughly . I would say on average , one bottle lasts us about a month and a half to two months . This is not bad , especially when you consider that one bottle costs under $ 2 ; it equates to $ 1 a month , and we also use the detangler , but that is relatively inexpensive too!At this time , I have no cons for the product . We use it in my household daily , and I could n't ask for anything better . My daughter and I both love it , and I do n't plan to replace this product any time soon .
 My kids love this stuff . And it does n't cost that much . I just wet my kids hair apply and wash out . Then BAM ! its over . plus thier hair is so soft plus it smells great
 Arrived on time . No spillage . There was a piece of tape on the top to ensure it would not leak . Great purchase .
 I LOVE this stuff ! I can not believe that it has been discontinued . If you can get your hands on it before it is completely gone do so . It really is great for your hair .
 Great smelling Quality product After a fraction of the cost of a smaller quantity . Product is just like you get in a salon
 Love this product . My hair is soft and smells great . I looked everywhere for it but sadly , it has been discontinued .
 I have ethnic , curly hair that requires lots of moisture . I would definitely buy this again . Receiving a 64 oz ensures a long time of use . Every fall I buy lots of pumpkin scented items so I appreciate this .
 This company was great !! I got my order in less than a week ! Even here in Alaska !! They also gave me a free sample with my order !!
 I have very thick , long hair that tends to dry out if I do n't condition it regularly . I use the Pravana hydrating shampoo and conditioner and then I use this when I get out of the shower . What a difference ! It 's also a terrific detangler . I spray some on my two year old daughter 's hair before I brush it and there are no tears or `` Ouches '' . The comb slides through easily . Hair does no appear greasy or look wet once it dries . I love love love this !
 I have used soooooo many hair products , from the normal low quality stuff you can buy at any store , to high end products bought at the salon and I was just never happy . That is until I found Pravana !! What a great product ! It 's hard to come by in person , but sites like amazon make it possible to get your hands on these products for reasonable prices ! This leave in conditioner is FANTASTIC ! The smell is amazing , the quality is top notch ! Your hair wo n't even feel like your `` usual '' hair after using their products ! I recommend using their shampoo , conditioner , AND this leave in conditioner !!! Your hair will feel like silk and the shine will blind !
 While getting my long , coarse -LRB- but straight ! -RRB- hair cut the other day , I loved the smell of what my stylist was spraying in my hair while it was damp . Better than even the delicious smell , she could get actually a comb through my damp hair without any tangles -LRB- this is impossible for me to do -RRB- . So I purchased this leave-in conditioner , and my hair has felt like silk ever since.For only ~ $ 17 for a huge bottle which will last forever , this treatment is something I wo n't go without ever again . The spray bottle is super easy to use , and can be turned ` off ' for spill-proof traveling . Like I said , the smell is great . It stays with you during the day too . I have to put my hair up in a ponytail for part of my day at work , and when I take it down I always get a nice whiff of how great my hair smells . Most importantly , no more tangles !!! This is saving me from giving myself more hair damage from ripping through my knots with a brush , both while my hair is wet and dry . And my hair is just so soft . Absolutely love this . Such a steal !
 As a product junkie , i have tried all sorts of pre styling sprays that are leave in / pre-styling sprays and treatments . This is my best one I have ever used . before this , i was set on using ShiKai Color Reflect Mist & Go Conditioner , which i still like , but nothing has provided the long term effects as this product by pravana . Shake it up before each use . It is not heavy , not oily , and it smells fantastic without being overwhelming in the long term . this spray is also great as a mid day lift / refresher . It is not sticky or greasy . the trigger is difficult for me to use , so i transferred the treatment into a different clean spray bottle that i had . that trigger on the spray is the only thing i would change .
 It makes your hair softer , shine , and healthy looking . Great Product ! I recommend all the Pravana products ... they do what they say they will do .
 I have purchased several different type of leave-in conditioner 's and this is the best I 've ever found . It does not build up on the hair , leaving it dull and flat . I use it every day . It makes my hair very easy to comb . My niece , whom has very very curly hair also loves it .
 i love this product ! it is the only spray in conditioner i have ever bought that actually works !! i highly recommend to all who have damaged hair !
 I `` ve searched the world , high and low to find a product I love . This is it . It detangles long curly hair like a breeze , and is so shiny ! With a few uses , you can feel the improvement in your hair . I 'm not loyal to any one brand line , I tend to like different products from different lines . This item is dynamite !
 My step daughter introduced me to Pravana Intense Leave-In Treatment several years ago and I 've been hooked on it ever since . I have dry , natural wavy hair that is frizzy when it 's humid outside . Pravana helps control these frizzies . Several of the girls I work with complained of static when brushing their hair so I gave then samples of my Pravana . They too are now faithful users . Oh , and it smells wonderful !!!
 I use this product when my keratin treatment is wearing off . I spray it on wet hair before styling and it leaves my hair straight again . It works very well for me
 I have been looking for a leave-in conditioner for awhile . The Pravana does a wonderful job on my very thick hair .
 a bit expensive for the product , and if you have to pay shipping it is very expensive , I am sure you can buy something of equal quality or better in the store
 This product make combing my hair a breeze . You do n't have to put too much , because too much wiegh your hair down . a little bit goes a long way . If used with prevana silk degrees shine serum , you will get great results .
 I rated this a 4 because there are better products out there , but this is definitely great for the money . I 've been using it for several years now and would recommend to anyone in the market .
 Holame gusta mucho este producto cuando un tiene el cabello rizado pero sin forma como friss este producto lo mejora lo pone muy sueve y riso muy bonito como natural y a la ves lo acondiciona este produsto es maravilloso me gusta mucho y mientras lo tenga amazon lo comprare por este medio Gracias amazon
 I started using the Pravana Keratin Fusion Texture Control which works great on my hair so I opted for more Pravana products . I have sensitive/itchy scalp so I purchased the Intense Leave-in treatment , along with the Hydrating shampoo and conditioner and I 'm very happy with my purchases . There 's no heavy build up with the products and the at home maintenance is simply easy . I 'm coming off of having relaxers for years and color and was a little hesitant , but after seeing the results on others , I opted to try Pravana products . The products costs a little more than what I 'm used to spending but it 's worth the investment .
 Great Product that Smells Awesome !!!!!! I have very long hair annd this stuff really has helped to mend the ends ! Its a Must Have hair product !!!!!!!
 This is a really good leave in that conditions and softens the hair . That is what I need since my hair is very coarse . The spray is amazing , and it smells just like bubble gum ! : -RRB- Btw - at the salon where I purchased it , my stylist told me you can also use it on your body as a moisturizer !!
 This product is absolutely awesome ! Me and my daughter both use this on a daily basis . This product works for all hair types and considering we live where it is hot 9 months out of the year it leaves our hair soft and healthy looking even with the humidity ! I highly recommend this product to everyone of all hair types
 This product is fabulous ! I started using it when I had long straight color processed hair and it worked great -LRB- I have fine hair but lots of it -RRB- then I have recently got my hair cut into an A-Symetrical short bob in the back A lined to the front and this product works on that style just as well . Not heavy or greasy and does n't weigh down the hair , just be sure to shake well before spraying . You 'll love it !!! And you ca n't beat Amazon 's price , it is actually cheaper than the cosmotologist discount given at the local store .
 I love this leave-in conditioner . It 's better than a lot of more expensive ones I 've tried .
 The hydrating leave-in treatment smells so wonderful ! I do n't wear fragrances or like smelly things , but this is incredible . I do n't know how to describe it except that my husband is crazy about the way my hair smells , even after it has long dried in . I wish I could find it locally , but thank you for putting it on Amazon . I 'm giving this one 5 stars as they fixed the slippery bottle problem .
 Product smells great , and does not leave my hair feeling heavy or greasy . Bought this because I recently had my hair chemically straightened and want to keep it as shiny as possible .
 Love this stuff ! Have been using it for years . Have naturally curly , Frizzy hair and this stuff is magic ! Shipping was awesome and arrived in great condition and on time .
 It really did a great job detangling my hair , actually better than most other products I have tried . I like how it makes my hair feel soft without weighing it down .
 My hair is very fine and I color it . Pravana has saved me from flyaway frizzlies and it does n't weigh my hair down like other products . Love it .
 this product changes the feel of my newly shampooed hair from dry and tangled to manageable & untangled with a few sprays . I still add other products to my hair but this helps me get that ugly dryness out .
 After being completely amazed with the Pravana perfection Trio product to straighten and soften my Brillo unruly hair , I wanted to find a leave in treatment that was n't heavy , filmy or matting the hair down . This intense leave in therapy treatment was the answer . A few sprays and tangle free combing was immediately my experience . It 's even by its amino acids makeup making a big difference in my hair shine and texture . Was so impressed I bought 3 more bottles and have one to a lady friend who is also a fanatic about her hair and she to was amazed .
 Recommended by my hairdresser , Makes my hair soft and does n't weight it down ! I have Been using it for 2 years !
 This is a great leave-in conditioner that leaves my hair silky and soft . It works great when I straighten my hair , but leaves curls a little limp -LRB- always the case with intense conditioners -RRB-
 I chose this product because my hair salon used it and it smelled so amazing !! It makes my hair extremely soft and is a great therapy treatment . I will definately be purchasing this again !
 Shipped right away , came packaged very well , even wrapped in a plastic bag in case it leaked . I use this every day !
 I am reordering this product , I used to get it in the salon but not anymore . It ships quickly and I have n't had any issues with it . The only thing is I wish the packaging was a little more secure from spilling .
 For those of us with combination hair . Curly , thick and tangled after washing . This is the product for you . I use this for my daughter and it is the best product ever . As soon as you spray it on you can spear the tangles with your hands . We call this hair magic in our house . I love this product . It 's a must have .
 I bought this as part the introductory set for acne prone skin . I thought that it would jkust be another face wash that does n't fix anything.I am 26 and my skin is oily in the T zone and normal on the rest . I have acne scars , my skin tone is so uneven and red that I can not go without makeup as it looks awful and I am prone to zits no matter what I do . I feel like a teenager exept now I get the joys of dealing with wrinkles too!When a consultant suggested this whilst I was shopping for foundation , I scoffed . I thought it was too high priced and was going to be a waste of money . Boy , how wrong I was.My skin is better than it ever has been . My skin tone is normal , the redness has vanished , my oiliness reduced . My acne scars are disappearing -LRB- I have only been using a few weeks -RRB- , my wrinkles have reduced , my spots are practically none existent and when I do get one , I just put a little of the Excuviance Purifying Clay Mask on it and it clears right up over night . My skin is so amazing , I can actually go out without make up , a feet that I never thought possible.My routine goes like this : Morning : - Wash face with exuviance moisturizing antibacterial face wash -LRB- I thought that it seemed less harsh than what I had tried previously and would n't work at first , this was not the case -RRB- - Rub on sheer refining fluid - If I want make up I use the a light covering of Exuviance foundation -LRB- no brush required , it says use fingers to apply - time saver -RRB- with Pur powder foundation on top which covers wonderfully . I do use a Pur primer as I prefer it to the Excuviance Matt but that is just personal preference . My make up stays on all day with no oil or cakiness like this.Evening : - Wash face with exuviance moisturizing antibacterial face wash -LRB- gets all my make up off with such ease -RRB- - Rub on Excuviance Night Renewal GelThe once a week I use the Purifying Clay Mask.My skin is perfect now , I urge you to give it a try because it made what I felt was impossible for me possible .
 This face wash is great , it 's light , foaming , and again , in the first 24 hours of using the exuviance products , there is a noticeable difference in my skin texture and overall look . It 's amazing ! My Proactive is going away , and I 'm all over this stuff now .
 This really works for me . I think skin is personal and what works for one person may not work for another ... but I have to say that no one product has ever worked for me in a definite and noticeable way before this cleanser . For real . I feel so strongly about this that I 'm writing what I think is my first review on Amazon ever.I 've had `` problem '' skin since I was a teenager , I 'm in my 30 's now and suffering from adult acne . I have cystic acne at the jawline/cheeks -LRB- a recent development -RRB- and small whiteheads/clogged pores generally -LRB- since I was a teen -RRB- . I 've been using this cleanser -LRB- suggested to me by a skincare aesthetician -RRB- for about a month now and there is an actual significant reduction in my breakouts . Do n't get me wrong , I still have acne . But there has been a real improvement that I think is honestly attributable to this cleanser ; I have n't changed anything else about my skincare routine , diet , habits , etc.In the past , I 've tried proactiv , antibiotics , prescription ointments , and accutane . I 've tried a huge range of over-the-counter acne products from drugstore brands to spa brands . Most of them were either -LRB- 1 -RRB- so harsh that the surface of my skin dried out and sometimes even started flaking/peeling -LRB- gross -RRB- and then just broke out worse or -LRB- 2 -RRB- so gentle that it did n't seem to do anything at all . I feel like this antibacterial cleanser actually cleans my face , helps fight my type of acne without causing excessive drying or any other negative side effects.I do n't know how long this is going to continue to work for me , I do n't know if it 'll work on all types of acne and I do n't know if it 'll work for you . I do think that it definitely improved my skin in a way that I have never seen any other cleanser do . For me , it was totally worth every penny . I am absolutely going to buy more when my bottle runs out . -LRB- I use it twice a day -- sometimes with my hands , sometimes with the clarisonic -- and I have roughly half a bottle left after four weeks . -RRB- If you have acne prone skin that needs a gentle touch , I honestly think this cleanser is worth a try .
 I 've been using it for over a year . It leaves my face feeling clean not dry . Its mild not harsh . It does n't break my face out . I 'm happy with this product .
 This really works for me . I think skin is personal and what works for one person may not work for another ... but I have to say that no one product has ever worked for me in a definite and noticeable way before this cleanser . For real . I feel so strongly about this that I 'm writing what I think is my first review on Amazon ever.I 've had `` problem '' skin since I was a teenager , I 'm in my 30 's now and suffering from adult acne . I have cystic acne at the jawline/cheeks -LRB- a recent development -RRB- and small whiteheads/clogged pores generally -LRB- since I was a teen -RRB- . I 've been using this cleanser -LRB- suggested to me by a skincare aesthetician -RRB- for about a month now and there is an actual significant reduction in my breakouts . Do n't get me wrong , I still have acne . But there has been a real improvement that I think is honestly attributable to this cleanser ; I have n't changed anything else about my skincare routine , diet , habits , etc.In the past , I 've tried proactiv , antibiotics , prescription ointments , and accutane . I 've tried a huge range of over-the-counter acne products from drugstore brands to spa brands . Most of them were either -LRB- 1 -RRB- so harsh that the surface of my skin dried out and sometimes even started flaking/peeling -LRB- gross -RRB- and then just broke out worse or -LRB- 2 -RRB- so gentle that it did n't seem to do anything at all . I feel like this antibacterial cleanser actually cleans my face , helps fight my type of acne without causing excessive drying or any other negative side effects.I do n't know how long this is going to continue to work for me , I do n't know if it 'll work on all types of acne and I do n't know if it 'll work for you . I do think that it definitely improved my skin in a way that I have never seen any other cleanser do . For me , it was totally worth every penny . I am absolutely going to buy more when my bottle runs out . -LRB- I use it twice a day -- sometimes with my hands , sometimes with the clarisonic -- and I have roughly half a bottle left after four weeks . -RRB- If you have acne prone skin that needs a gentle touch , I honestly think this cleanser is worth a try .
 I bought this cleanser a few weeks ago and am very pleased with the results . I have oily/acne prone skin that is very sensitive . Both Salislyic acid and Benzonperoxide are extremely irritating to my skin . Since I have started using this product my oily production has become normal and my break out hot spots have cleared up . I have also noticed imporved skin texture and tone .
 I usually ca n't use acne wash -LRB- even though I need it -RRB- because it dries out my skin , but this stuff does not dry out my skin at all AND IT WORKS ! My breakouts have dramatically decreased . Totally worth the cost .
 I recently purchased this cleanser by recommendation from my local Ulta store and I just LOVE it !! I have a lot of skin issues and I 'm very sensitive to most acne products . But , this is amazing ! I 've never had anything that not only works on my acne without making me breakout even worse , but also softens my skin . This is a wonderful product ... I highly recommend it to anyone else like me with mild acne and sensitive skin .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I am 31 and recently started experiencing a lot of breakouts and oily skin which has resulted in scaring and some dark spots . I bought this as an introductory kit . I used this to wash my face and the sheer refining fluid in the morning and the Night Renewal Hydragel in the evening -LRB- also came with a clay mask that I use once every one to two weeks -RRB- . This has worked well beyond what I was expecting and has really stopped the breakouts and all the darkspots and scaring are all disappearing . I know it is a little pricy but it works and I ca n't put a price on the way I now feel about my skin .
 I bought this to use with my clarisonic skin brush . I have some enlarged pores and a few breakouts off and on in my T zone.This works well with my clarisonic and cleans the T zone throughly without drying out my skin overall . Nice scent and did n't cause more breakouts or any rashes .
 I suffer from adult acne . Mostly the cystic kind and sometimes blackheads . I tried so many different products out there until I found exuviance . It is not as strong as the other products I have used in the past so when I tried it i did n't think it would work . I was completley wrong , this is by far the best face wash I have found for my skin . It removes my makeup while cleaning my skin and leaving it feeling fresh . My skin feels and looks so good now . I also use a toner which I think is also needed .
 I bought this as part the introductory set for acne prone skin . I thought that it would jkust be another face wash that does n't fix anything.I am 26 and my skin is oily in the T zone and normal on the rest . I have acne scars , my skin tone is so uneven and red that I can not go without makeup as it looks awful and I am prone to zits no matter what I do . I feel like a teenager exept now I get the joys of dealing with wrinkles too!When a consultant suggested this whilst I was shopping for foundation , I scoffed . I thought it was too high priced and was going to be a waste of money . Boy , how wrong I was.My skin is better than it ever has been . My skin tone is normal , the redness has vanished , my oiliness reduced . My acne scars are disappearing -LRB- I have only been using a few weeks -RRB- , my wrinkles have reduced , my spots are practically none existent and when I do get one , I just put a little of the Excuviance Purifying Clay Mask on it and it clears right up over night . My skin is so amazing , I can actually go out without make up , a feet that I never thought possible.My routine goes like this : Morning : - Wash face with exuviance moisturizing antibacterial face wash -LRB- I thought that it seemed less harsh than what I had tried previously and would n't work at first , this was not the case -RRB- - Rub on sheer refining fluid - If I want make up I use the a light covering of Exuviance foundation -LRB- no brush required , it says use fingers to apply - time saver -RRB- with Pur powder foundation on top which covers wonderfully . I do use a Pur primer as I prefer it to the Excuviance Matt but that is just personal preference . My make up stays on all day with no oil or cakiness like this.Evening : - Wash face with exuviance moisturizing antibacterial face wash -LRB- gets all my make up off with such ease -RRB- - Rub on Excuviance Night Renewal GelThe once a week I use the Purifying Clay Mask.My skin is perfect now , I urge you to give it a try because it made what I felt was impossible for me possible .
 Has been my go to scent for 20 years . You feel like 90 decades of glamorous , sophisticated , sensuous movie stars all rolled into one lovely woman . In a word you feel beautiful . The scent is like no other . Sultry and elegant at once . You even feel like you look tremendous . Promotes a feeling of confidence . Go for it !
 I have used this fragrance for 20 years ! It 's my all-time fragrance ! I watched 2 grown men walk right into glass doors while smelling this fragrance !
 I had forgotten how much I love this perfume . I bought it many years ago while on a cruise ship and after that bottle was gone I kept telling myself it was too expensive to buy more of it . But I gave myself a bottle of it this Christmas and once again people are commenting how lovely I smell and asking what I am wearing . Or they know immediately , &#34; Oh , you 're wearing Opium ! &#34;
 a great gift for a loved one . service was excellant , price was reasonable , and product was as advertised . thank you .
 This conditioner relaxes and volumizes your hair . Overall with the shampoo Pravana conditioner is a great product for healthy hair .
 This shampoo is expensive , but you do n't have to use that much . It gets your hair REALLY clean -- so clean , it may feel strange . My hair is usually very oily , stick straigh , and fine . This is the only shampoo I 've used where I can go more than 1 day without washing it and it still looks and feels clean .
 This shampoo works like magic ! Love it , love it , love it ! I 'm so glad to have FINALLY found a shampoo that not only help create volume -LRB- since I have flat & fine hair -RRB- but it also does n't strip off my colored hair ! Plus , it smells great ! ^_^
 We ordered this for my mother and it really helps her hair appear thicker and fluffier , also called more volume . So far we have loved all the pravana products we have tried , Keratin -LRB- Gold bottle -RRB- , Hydrating -LRB- blue bottle -RRB- , Perfection -LRB- silver bottle -RRB- , and this Volumizing product . Pravana shampoo & conditioners are expensive more but are more than worth the price . Mom is in seventh heaven since she started using this . All the ladies at the senior citizen center have noticed the difference ! I just love the Perfection line . No more frizz , hair is sooo shiny and the natural curl is tamed . Most of the time , I just wash my hair and tie it up in a scrunchie overnight . When I pull it out in the morning my hair is smooth , shiny , slightly curly and easily styled for the day . No heat , and very little to no product . Last time I went to the salon for a cut my stylist was shocked at how healthy my hair has become . ~ Douglas ' wife - yes we use one Amazon account
 Just recently started using this shampoo & conditioner based on a friend 's recommendation -LRB- who is a hair stylist -RRB- . I 'd been looking for a sulphate free shampoo & conditioner , but needed a volumizing system for my baby fine , thin hair . Wow ! What an amazing difference I 've noticed in just a week ! My hair has always looked dry and flat and my color always fades within a week . With this my hair is now shiny and full , and my color already looks more vibrant . I 've always used expensive salon products , but never got the results I wanted . I 'd never heard of Prevana , but was told that this is a very good professional line . I will definitely stick with it . I 've also been using their hair spray , which is also great !
 I bought this at a local Walmart , but had to share how much I love it . I got it w/the purpose of trying to help control my acne prone skin , dryness and facial redness . All the `` typical '' acne cleansers & moisturizers you find out there either make my face super red -LRB- compared to the mildly red it usual is -RRB- or makes me break out more.This stuff may not end all blemishes , but I 've found that the blemishes I still get are n't noticable at all , and my facial redness is finally under control . Not to mention my skin looks worlds better now that its not dry -LRB- I was never able to use a moisturizer bc they always make me break out , even the ones that are n't supposed to -RRB- . I now use this in combination w/a tea tree oil fash wash .
 I bought the tea tree oil after reading that it helps with athletes foot . I had a patch on the arch of one foot about 2 inches by 2 inches . I had religiously and dutifully applie Tinactin twice a day for over 2 months with no improvement whatsoever . I tried the once-a-day for 7 days Lamisil treatment with no improvement.I used the tea tree oil once a day and 4 days later , it is COMPLETELY GONE ! No redness , no itching , no cracking ! Now I use it everywhere !
 I was using this to stop irriation from waxing . But now I use it as a skin moisturizer , hair teatment , you name it - It 's my new beauty secret ! For ladies of color I would highly recommend it .
 One of the best products on the market ... great for nail fungus , great for dry skin patches ... in fact , I use this product for many reasons and am always pleased with it . Now hopefully , as it is discovered , the price will not go up ...
 I use this as a face moisturizer and it 's the best ! The oil does n't clog just leaves your skin super soft by the aloe Vera and vitamin e , and the tea tree REALLY wipes out my acne . It 's so gentle so zero irritation . Plus , a little goes a long way ! The bottle lasts me around 7-9 months or so , I highly recommend ! -LRB- this is what got my face clear from what my used to be bad acne ! -RRB-
 This is a very excellent product . It works and it is very cheap $ 2.99 . I am using it on my face for dark marks that are left on my face after I have pimples . This tea tree oil is clearing them right up . I could notice a difference the very next morning I use it . I use it on my bikini line after I shave and notice very little irritation and redness .
 This product is pretty much a cures-all and for all it does , it 's cheap . I 'd been having a good deal of trouble with ingrown hairs on my face/neck and infected follicles . It turns out that much of my trouble was related to fungus but most over-the-counter , anti-fungal treatments dried my skin out and made it redder and angrier . This product fights the fungus and moisturizes at the same time . It started to work pretty quickly by helping to at least ease some of the pain and dryness and burn but within a week or two -LRB- not shaving during that time -RRB- my skin had calmed down and seemingly returned to normal . Now , I 'm just afraid to stop using it !
 I use this in a mixture with Argan and Coconut oil as a beard conditioner . Does the job . Conditions my beard , moisturizes the skin , and leaves a pleasant scent .
 Love this product it is perfect for keloids due to irritated piercings ! Makes them practically go away overnight ! I use it on all my piercings .
 I have seborrheic dermatitis . Nothing natural had worked until I tried this product this past Friday . By Sunday evening my ears and neck were free of the problem . I ca n't believe that having dealt with SD for so long a $ 3 + bottle of Tea Tree Oil by Hollywood Beauty would work so wonderfully well . I HIGHLY recommend this product . It is worth its weight in gold . I will never be without it .
 Shipped quickly and arrived intact . Great price for size of bottles . Goes a long way . Works wonderfully in all uses .
 I have psoriasis . This is the product I reach for the most . Releives the burn and itching . My doctor is also a fanof tea tree oil . This blend works the best !
 No its not 100 percent tea tree oil but its only 2.35 at dollar general . Is a combination of many ingredients most of which are oils commonly found in most body oils . I have used it on my scalp and on my arms and feet with great success . Has a very pleasant fresh scent which puts it above some of the other brands . This works well and keeps your skin from drying out . Give it a try.Update 2/10/12 is priced at $ 2.99 at Walgreens
 I have been using Pravana sulfate-free color ensure shampoo for several years now . We can not find it in the Albuquerque area , so I have to call my daughter who lives in Pennsylvania and ask her to mail me a bottle.Now , with Amazon , I can get as many bottles as I want , as often as I want , and do not have to bother my daughter at all . Rest assured , this is the very best shampoo for you if you color your hair . I also use the Pravana sulfate-free conditioner . I am a redhead and everyone knows how quickly red hair becomes a very ugly almost gold color . Not with Pravana . My red hair stays the exact same color throughout many washings . That is probably because it is sulfate-free . Buy Pravana if you color your hair . You certainly will not be disappointed at all .
 Excelent eau de toilette , soft , fresh and perfect for the Summer . My experience with Amazon was great . No problems . I recomend .
 I have really curly , thich & frizzy hair . I found this product @ a local beauty supply store and LOVE it !!! I now have soft , flowing , shiny , beautiful curls . I used to need mousse , curl enhancers and tons of products to wear my curls . Since I started using this product I can just spray some leave in conditioner and I am good to walk out the door :-RRB- I usually apply it 2-3x 's a wk over night and just rinse out in the morn -LRB- no shampoo -RRB- .
 To instantly restore protein and moisture , mix 1 oz of Pravana Deep Hydrating Hair Masque with 10ml of Keratin Fusion Restructurizing Serum and apply to hair . Cover with plastic cap and process for 15-20 minutes . If processing under a heat source such as a hoodeddryer , process for just 10 minutes . Very good combination for hair . I am very impressed and pleased with my hair after using this combination just one time . I was told to use the serum once a month on my hair , after having used the keratin fusion texturizer , so adding the hydrating hair masque with it works wonders .
 From an Afro-American perspective , which is what I look for when deciding whether or not to purchase hair appliances , this dryer is okay . By no means does it completely straighten your hair but it does dry it quickly and make less work for the flat iron . It is a good option if you use the blow dryer without the comb attachment because it does not pull your hair but still allows you to dry it straight . It is perfect for little girls .
 I have wavy / curly hair and had all but given up on ever wearing it straight besides when my stylist blows it out after my haircut . Well , after receiving this styling tool , I have had great luck ! It is super easy to use , if you can brush your hair , you can use this styling tool . Great , easy results quickly . Definitely love it .
 The product is okay for the price . However , having used used both Infinity and Instyler I must say I prefer the Instyler . I would pay the higher price.The Instyler holds more hair and as a '' Do-it-yourself '' product it is better , as I do n't have to hold my hands up as long a time as with the Infinity . I think it would be better for short and less thick hair .
 this product , saved my hair . with pains in my hands , I do n't have to hold a comb and blower dryer at the same time .
 product being used by 10 yr . w/shoulder - length , VERY curly , tangled hair . She absolutely LOVES it - does it alone after her father went over instructions , precautions , etc. w/her . We have never even been able to get a wide-toothed COMB thru hair except immed.after it was shampooed/conditioned & very wet . Now uses this on damp hair & is done in less than 10 min . Wish we had learned abt . this ages ago - would have saved years of `` ouch , your hurting me '' sessions resulting in uncombed hair simply being pulled back w/covered stretchy band . She is sooo delighted - even has learned to `` flip '' the ends ! PLUS - it actually stays the same all day-no styling product used , either !!
 I blow out my hair with a 2000 watt dryer and the roots are always wavy b/c I punk out when it comes to getting close to the roots ... this is a life saver and I 'm serious ... I 'm not even sure how many watts but I have super curly hair -LRB- google Christina Milian -RRB- and if I take my time allowing the heat to penetrate , this gets my roots nearly pin straight ... I know people say these break and die but I 've had mine for close to 3 yrs and it 's still kicking but I may order 2 more just in case ... I give this 5 stars b/c if it can get MY hair straight , it works ... ps - I do n't have a perm or any chemicals going on so this is truly up against spiral curls at their worst lol
 I love this hair straightner . I have tried others - and this works best ! I also love that you can use one hand to hold a mirror and only need one hand to hold the straightener unlike most straightners . Also - this is n't as bad on your hair as an iron since it does n't sit on your hair - you brush it through your hair . Highly recommend !
 I am an African American with natural hair and was looking for a product that I could use to quickly dry my hair , with less damage than a blow dryer . This product is great for that . It is a time saver and my hair feels much better using this product than it does when I blow dry . I think if you have a relaxer , this product will leave your hair very straight . If your hair is natural , it does a good job too - but your hair will not be as straight . My only issue thus far with this product is that it seems to be fragile ; the teeth do bend . So far nothing has broken and I 'm hoping that will always be the case .
 I 've read many reviews on this site -- some negative , some positive . I have A LOT of hair . My hair is full of texture . My hair does n't grow down -LRB- length -RRB- , it grows out -LRB- wide . -RRB- I WOULD NEVER USE A HAIR DRYER BEFORE ! I could n't unless I wanted to look like a clown . This product is the first product that allows me to dry my hair . The product does get very hot ! That is what my hair needs to become straight and manageable , however . If you do n't have frizzy and unruly hair , this is product was NOT made for you . I , however , must say FINALLY !!
 Do n't know it 's the wife 's , all I know is she could not find it anywhere but at Amazon she was happywhen it got here so I ca n't complain
 Works well . The only problem is that is does n't work as long as traditional dryers . I just ordered my third dryer in 2 years .
 I have never been very coordinated with the whole hair drying and brushing idea and was afraid to try a straighting iron . This straightens with tension and is pretty simple to use . I have even used it on my kids !
 This ia my third dryer in the last year and I love it ! It straightens and smooths out my normally fine , frizzy hair quickly and works on dry or wet hair ! And it stays smooth ! I 'm a believer !
 I have thick and very curly hair . I usually have to dry my hair and then straighten it . This fantastic dryer does both steps . Perfect . Big time saver and less damage to the hair . Also , made my hair really shine ! Love this prodeuct .
 I have thin , limp hair that is very prone to damage/split ends . I never straightened my hair , and if I did , I would wait for it to air-dry first . I NEVER used hair dryers because they always made my hair really dry , dull , and frizzy . My problem with straightening my hair was that it would be flat as a pancake on my head after i straightened it . I could n't win ; I had to choose between volume and frizziness/dullness , or straight and shiny but flat . Time was also an issue . I have no patience for styling my hair , so this process got old . I resorted to wearing my hair up every single day.This product is fantastic for my hair type-thin , lifeless , prone to damage . I would definitely reccomend it to anyone with my hair type and lack of patience . It only takes me about 20 minutes to use , whereas before , I would wait about 30 min . for my hair to air-dry then take another 30 min to straighten it . This product also makes my hair really smooth and shiny , and also adds volume . I wouldnt necessarily recomend this product for girls with really long curly hair , only because those girls may not like the extra volume.Just to let you know , I used Organix Vanilla silk blow-dry creme in conjunction with this product , and it is also fantastic . I reccomend this product as well.I hope this helps !!
 I have frizzy curly dry UGLY troublesome thick hair . Have tried so very many products and gadgets - just $ $ incredible $ $ . Then came the Conair Hot Air Styler . Took just a couple of times to get used to it but now I ca n't live without it ! NOTHING has ever `` wet to dry '' straightened my hair the way this little baby did . Even hair stylists ca n't blow my hair straight yet they all claim they can HAH ! Both of my kids tend to walk off with it too . One has very thin straight hair and uses it to fluff and shape . The other -LRB- male -RRB- has fairly short hair with a bit of a wave and uses it to straighten and style.It does take a bit of work but it is definitely worth it . It is probably a little bit quicker than using just a flat iron . Yet the overall effect is so much better than just the flat iron . Family and co-workers noticed something different ; something good.As for my tricks
 I love this product . Easy to use with my naturally curly hair . I can use it to straighten part of my hair or all or it . Sometimes when I want it all straight , it is easier to use the blow drier and dry most of it , then use the styler.Glad I purchased it .
 I have used many hand held dryers over the years . This is the only dryer that dries and straightens at the same time . Cant find in stores now . But excited I found it at amazon .
 I just tried it for the first time . I purchased it from Ebay for less than 30 . including shipping . At first the tension setting tip confused me but I finally settled on using number 4 , with the view of the number 4 being from the front . You will probably have to experiment with the numbers . I do n't like to use high heat so I used low which took a little longer , but not too bad . My hair is fairly straight except for a big S like wave in the back and a cowlick at my side parted bangs . It tends to frizz underneath . It is shoulder lenght with long layers , fine hair but quite a bit of it . I sectioned it and dryed it from underneath for the most part then at the end I switched to the top section of the hair . When I got to the crown I pulled the hair forward when I started drying it and that gave it a little volume . I did my entire head then I switched to the cool setting and went back over it quickly.I did use a heat protectant spray when it was damp , right before I started using the tool . My hair is very dry and I only wash it twice a week . I hope it will stay nice and look good in the morning , enabling me to do my hair before work with minimal effort . We shall see . I am terrible with a brush and blow dryer . I did much better with this . I like it .
 From my experience this product worked better with wet hair . The person that used this product has no product in hair . It 's true natural curl . The product worked really well and did great on keeping it frizz free and shiny . It left the hair bouncy and really straight . Worked better than any straightener I 've ever used .
 This is the first time I have ` Ever ' rated a product !! ... Why has no one thought of this sooner ? . . towel dried my daughters hair , I used John Frieda products , and first it dried her hair in record time , keep in mind she has naturally curly hair and soon I noticed a straightening effect which cut the whole process at least in half ! . . love this styler ! . . only thing is my teeth setting did n't work or maybe it was so gradual I could n't tell , plan to do more research on that , but I will be getting another one just to have !
 the best hair product I 've used until now already very good even though I commend to two friends who also loved . the best ever
 Actually i was take it as a gift for my wife and she like it so much . it 's enoughe hot and have differint options to make differint style .
 My favorite hair dryer ! I was heart broken when my first one died on me after having it for several years and I could n't locate a replacement . Imagine how happy I was when I did . This is a great product and I should have ordered 10 ; -RRB-
 My hair is very curly so i wasnt expecting much from the product but it really made my hair straight ! I 'm happy with my purchase !
 So first off , I want to say do n't go into this expecting your hair to look as good as if you paid for a blow out , it just wo n't . You 'll need a boar hair round brush and fairly nice dryer as well as an arm coming out of your back and 45 minutes of your life to spare . If you 're like me though and generally just do n't have the patience or skill to deal with irons and round brushes and such , this is a great product . I have loose curls and medium thickness hair and this works best if I have the intention of getting it manageable and wavy/straight , which tends to look better on me than stick straight anyways . This requires zero skill to use and works very well . It gets plenty hot enough to dry my hair fast . It works best if you hold your hair taut while you go over it , since this thing can not hold tension . I generally let my hair air dry to the point of being very damp , then run this over it otherwise it will take hours and hours -LRB- numb arms -RRB- to get dry . I bought some velcro hair straighteners on Ebay that keep it flat while it dries , and then this finishes the job . If there are some waves you can easily get them out with an iron . This is honestly a GREAT product for people like me who just do n't want to take time to fix their hair , but like it straight-ish . If you want it stick straight and are terrible with a round brush and dryer , this will get it mostly there , but you 're still going to need to iron it . Oh and it should be given that you 're going to need a decent product to protect your hair . I put some argan oil in and it was incredibly soft and wavy . I definitely do recommend this product for those of us who do n't have an hour to spend every day on our hair.UPDATE
 I love this product . I blew out my last one and could n't find it in local stores . Ended up buying two similar type stylers and hated them . I was thrilled to find this product still available online . I have wavy and frizzy hair and no other styler offers the kind of gentle smoothing and frizz control as this one . Because you can also use it on dry hair , if I 'm caught in a drizzle and end up with frizz , I can touch it up in a hurry and look ` salon ready ' for anything later in my day.Should add that the product life was likely shortened because I used it in Europe for 6 months and even with a converter , I think the unit got zapped .
 For years I blowed dryed w/traditional hair dryers that left my hair brittle . I saw a youtuber drying her hair with this which was very thick and kinky like mine and it came out beautifully ! . This was worth every penny ! I moisturize w/a lil hair butter and avocado oil and put a lil CHI Silk Infusion on my hair before blowdrying and it comes out sooo soft and smooth .
 Great gadget for shoulder length hair . Blow your hair with a regular hair dryer first and then use the conair BC173 and you can have faster results.Hair is shiner and feels great .
 I have lots of fine , slightly wavy but mostly straight shoulder-length hair , grown out from a chin-length bob . I LOVE this styler ! I wash my hair at night , let it air dry , and style in the morning with either a flat iron or big hot rollers . This morning I just used the Conair while my hair was slightly damp , and my hair came out great . I used it on the `` 4 '' tension setting , which is supposed to be for thick hair , but the instructions suggested starting with that setting , so I did . I honestly ca n't tell a lot of difference in tension on the different settings , plus it 's VERY difficult to see the numbers -LRB- they 're at the base of the knob -RRB- . I only used the low setting , so I 'm anxious to see how well it holds today . I will try the high heat setting next time . It held my hair well without pulling , and is very easy to use . It really is just like brushing your hair ! I held the ends of my hair with my left hand as suggested . I puchased mine locally as I wanted to be able to return it easily , but will probably now purchase another one from Amazon while it 's only $ 24 so I 'll have a spare !
 I just got mine today.my hair is really thick , it is also very frizzy b/c of damage.it completely dried my hair , tammed friz & straightend my hair.it didnt make it lay flat on my head like a straigtener does.it made my hair shine really pretty.it dosent make my hair bone straight it makes it have just the right amount of volume . & & it usually take me 45 minutes or so to do my hair.with this i was done in less than 10 minutes.i luv it !!!
 Honestly , when I opened the box , I thought `` What a cheap piece of crap '' and almost sent it back immediately . Fortunately , I gave it a try . It really works . It takes less time with great results - here is the scoop.I have moderately curly hair . I like to smooth it out - not pin straight but sleek and shiny . I have tried almost every wet-dry appliance out there . All of them require you blow dry your hair at least partially dry . Even my $ 100 wet-dry straightening iron would not `` dry '' my hair if I start fresh out of the shower wet . So , this product works best if you `` rough '' dry your hair to at least 50 % dry . After that , it works beautifully . My hair is shiny , sleek and smooth.This appliance is much easier to handle than the round brush and drier - which really give definition to `` hot mess '' . It is easy to manipulate . The comb holds your hair as you move through your hair . The results are quick . 1-2 passes does the job and you can work in bigger , thicker chunks of hair -LRB- vs. straighten iron -RRB- .
 It drives hair quickly and takes out the frizz . Works well on my fine , blonde highlighted hair . Also perfect for restyling . Great for straightening bangs and for giving roots a lift and ends a little swing . I have n't used my hair dryer in 2 weeks !
 I have very fine curly , often very frizzy hair ... and normally have left it curly as I could never ever get it straight on my own ... and would always love getting it blown out at the salon when I 'd get a cut cause it looked so good and so different and everyone would always marvel at how different I looked -LRB- and better I think they meant lol -RRB- but I bought one of these just to see what it was like ... and actually just bought my 2nd one thats still in the box !! I just never want to be without one so have a spare one now . Not only can I dry my wet hair without the annoying discomfort of trying to hold the dryer and big brush up for long periods of time -LRB- I have shoulder length hair -RRB- and always able to get the sides nice but never the back -- with this dryer , not only can I completely dry my hair in about 15-20 minutes ... it straightens as it drys ... and my hair is extremely straight , NO FRIZZ AT ALL ... and soft and silky ! I only wish this would have been around years ago when I was in high school and college as I could have had straight hair too ... if you 're looking for a dryer , straighten ... all in one ... THIS is your baby ! I love this thing ... rave to anyone that will listen ... ITS THAT GOOD !!!
 This blow dryer works real well if you have use of 1 arm . I like it well and how my hair looks after .
 I was in need of a new hair dryer . Did some research and discovered this was the best product for the money . Bought it on Amazon , as they had the best price . I used the product according to the directions , and my hair looked good . It was easy to use . After a few days I ` did my own thing ' ad my hair looked great , just like I stepped out of the salon .
 I really do n't know what took someone so long to invent something like this . I have wavey hair , but can wear my hair both straight or wavey/curly . When I want to wear it straight this infiniti by conair really makes blowing a breeze . You do n't need an extra brush you can hold your hair and comb/blow at the same time . What a great idea . I totally recommended to anyone .
 I have long -LRB- to the bottom of my shoulder blades -RRB- , thick , wavy hair and even though this is recommended for short to shoulder length hair , it works very well for me , too.It used to take me about half an hour to dry my hair straight , then another 40-45 minutes to straighten it with the ceramic straighteners . Now I can dry and straighten in just over 15 minutes!I section my hair into thinner layers , like they do at the hairdressers - that way it dries quicker . Then , when it 's all dry , I go through it for a couple of minutes with the styler on the cold setting . This smoothes my hair and takes away the frizz.Used correctly , I think this styler should suit all hair types . I am a very happy girl !
 I have had problem hair all my life ... thick , frizzy , unmanageable ... this styler , in less than 15 minutes , transforms my hair to straight , soft , and manageable ... just LOVE IT !!!
 When I first saw this product I thought its probably the same as the others I have tried and wasted my money on . But when I frist used the Infiniti I really was so pleased . I have shoulder lenght curly , frizzy hair and I needed something like this just to comb through my hair and dry it . This really did the job . It did n't straighten my hair like it says it does , but it did smooth my friz out and makes my hair look healthy . I really am glad I got the Infiniti .
 I LOVE this hair dryer . First , months ago I had bought the larger Infiniti styler and hated it ~ it burned me , was difficult to use , and I ended up returning it . I have used hot air brushes in the past , though , and because it takes me so long to dry my hair I decided to try this Infiniti hot air brush to see if it would make my routine easier . I was very skeptical based on my experience with the other styler , but this one is well worth every penny , and more ! When I blow dry my hair using a normal hair dryer I end up looking like Bozo the Clown ~ poofy , frizzy hair that I then need to spend 15 minutes taming with my CHI hot iron . With this Infiniti , all that has changed . It is incredibly easy to use , quiet , and leaves my hair straight and not frizzy or poofy . First , I will say this takes longer than my quick-dry Revlon tourmaline dryer , but I usually let my hair air dry a little while I do my makeup and get dressed . Then I section my hair ~ I use a clip to put all but the lower part of my hair and then use the styler on a 1 '' piece at a time , running it over and then under the hair . Once the lower section is done I let down the middle section of my hair , and then finally the top . When I 'm done my hair is soft , shiny , and straight . I do go over it with my CHI to `` seal '' the hair and make it extra-straight and frizz-free . That part only takes about 5 minutes . All in all , this appliance has made drying my hair -LRB- something I used to absolutely DREAD -RRB- much , much easier ~ it 's as easy as brushing your hair , and the results are wonderful .
 A little to hot for me but I still use it . Pulls my hair a little also .
 This device works VERY well , wet OR dry ! Much better at straightening the hair , no matter how curley.I have used ceramic plates in the past and this gets the hair looking great in less time with less damage .
 Like a lot of reviewers , I have medium length , thick , wavy hair . I 've been either using a hair dryer and a round brush , a flat iron , or a curling iron -LRB- or any combination of those -RRB- for years . I 'm pretty good with a brush and a hair dryer , but I hate how much space they take up in my bathroom and , particularly , when I travel . When I saw this hot air styler , about the size of a flat iron , I thought I 'd give it a shot . It 's definitely easy-to-use if you take small sections at a time , and it has a long cord that makes it very maneuverable . I wo n't say it gets your hair as flat and straight as a flat iron , but I do n't like my hair super sleek like that anyway . I have used it twice now , and I 'm very satisfied . However , each time I 've used it , my hair has been very wet , so it takes a while to dry . In the future , I 'll let my hair air-dry for a while , and then use the styler . I would definitely recommend this , not only because it works well , but mostly because it saves space !
 I had the Infiniti Hair Designer by Conair , and loved it , but lost the attachment in a move . So when I first saw the Hot Air Styler I wanted it but could n't bring myself to pay $ 50.00 for it . Well I finally broke down and bought it and `` OH MY GOODNESS '' it is fantastic . I have very curly hair and smoothed it out nicely , my daughter 's hair is chemically relaxed and it left her hair nice and soft . I would recommend thiInfiniti by Conair BC173 Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Wet Dry Straightening Hot Air Styler.Linda
 Works pretty good . i prefer to dry my hair a little with a regular blow dryer and then use this to style .
 I am really lazy with my hair , so not having to hold a bulky hair dryer in one hand and try to manipulate parts of my hair and hold a brush in the other hand is great!I usually wash my hair at night - using this at night before I go to sleep , my hair still looks polished in the morning . So simple and easy !
 I love this product . It makes my hair extremely soft and manageable in the hot humid heat of the summer.I 'd definitely buy another when something happens to this one .
 I have really thick shoulder length hair . I only wash my hair twice a week and once my hair is dry and straightened , I do n't need to do a thing with it . This product works really well for me as long as I have the time to spare . I takes me at least 30 or 40 minutes to dry and straighten my hair once it has been towel dried . I bought this product because I did n't want to spend the money for more expensive similar items . I think that for the price ... the infiniti is well worth it .
 I was hesitant at first to buy this product because i read some not-so-good reviews about it , but i was glad i took the risk because this one is AWESOME . It makes u save time of blow drying and straightening your hair . . it does it all . I just love it . This is highly recommended . And for the price , its totally worth it .
 I finally found a product that it simple to use and really works for my short , very thick , curly hair . It makes it smooth and manageable . I am not a handy or patient person , so if I am happy with this product , it means it is really good !
 I had this item on my amazon wish list for a couple years and finally decided to just buy it for myself . After just one use , I 'm kicking myself for not buying it sooner . It is so easy to use and my hair looks like I just went to the salon . Seriously , I used the Infiniti for about 3-4 minutes on my damp hair and it looks SO GOOD I ca n't believe it . It was so easy , it was just like brushing my hair and the shine and body are only matched by a salon visit . I have thick , short hair cut in a shag bob . Try it ... you wo n't be dissapointed . Wow !
 Since I have short hair I was looking for something that would style my hair and also dry it at the same time . I love this . It take me no more than 5-7 minutes in the morning it gives you volume like you would not believe as well . Plus the price is right ! The comb on it is small about two and a half inches so if you have a lot of hair or if you have long hair it would still work only it will take you longer to do . But for me it 's perfect .
 I am 55 years old and have been trying to straighten out these curls since I was 12 . I do n't like using hair straightener at this age , because it appears to thin out my hair . I have NEVER had a better tool to straighten my hair , and it actually helps keep it straight even in the rain . It works on wet or dry hair , I think its absolutely incredible and I am very skeptical and fanatical about my hair grooming . I ca n't believe they FINALLY invented something this efficient and I hope they do n't discontinue selling it . I 'm surprised its not more well known . Thanks Conair !
 I have very thick , very wavy hair . Thie straightener works well on my hair . It is easy to use . It also does not take a week to get my hair dried . I cut my hair to shoulder length and found it does work better than on long hair , although I did get it to work on my long hair too . I am very pleased with this product . I definately recommend it .
 I have very short hair that is thick and coarse with some wave . I read all the reviews and decided to give this a try -- it did work but , like another review I read , it left my hair fairly frizzy . I tried a number of products to eliminate the problem but with no luck . My hair did n't look awful but it bothered me . It was fairly easy to use although I found I did get better with practice . The drying time was fine and overall , I was good with the way it worked . I have stopped using it but may try it again at some point .
 I 've tried all sorts of heat brushes and stuff to tame my mane ... and this one seems to work pretty well ! It is comfortable to hold , easy to use , and it seems to get the job done . My hair is medium long , and has the tendency to be frizzy , and this thing kept it together . The downside is that it does get really hot if you have a stubborn spot and hold it there too long , and it is not going to be good for really long or really curly hair . Overall I am happy with this so far ...
 I 've never written a review before but I had to about this product . I was skeptical at first . Could this one machine dry and straighten hair while making it look good ? The anwser is yes !! I am a complete klutz when it comes to my hair . I was able to do my shoulder length , thick hair in 20 minutes.I wash my hair every other day and when I style it always looks frizzy on the ends . The next morning after I 'll wake up with serious bed head . So I have to blow dry again and really pull my hair -LRB- damaging -RRB- . When I woke up this morning all I had to do was run a brush through my hair and go!Please keep in mind that the cons referred to here are n't cons , just reality : Noise-This is a dryer and iron.Easy of use-Of course it is n't as easy as the commercial ! Your effort involves sectioning hair off . Is n't that what you do anyway to dry/iron ? If you get your hair blown out at the salon get this instead and try it just one time . It 'll be worth it !
 I purchased this at Ulta after reading reviews from various sources online , and figured it would be easy enough to return if it did n't work.I have used it for a week so far , and love it.My hair is caucasian , naturally curly -LRB- corkscrews and cowlicks -RRB- , and bleached from medium brown to blond so is fairly course . The style I currently have is an inverted bob - at the nape of my neck in the back and graduates to about 3 '' below my chin in the front . There is some moderate layering in the back . It takes about 15 min to style my hair with this.I have seen a few reviews stating that it does not work for them , but I think either their hair is a much coarser and tighter curl than mine , or they are not using a proper technique.A few things to keep in mind - do not overwhelm your hair with product , it is not necessary with this and makes it diffucult to get the comb thru . Pick one good humidity resistant straightening paste and you should be good.Also , section your hair off into 1.5 - 2 inch wide sections with small clips . Start sectioning in the front and work your way to the back , then start drying in the reverse order . Sectioning is imperative or you will just pull random strands in which will be a frizzy mess.It helps if you pull the strand taut with one hand , and hold the comb in place for a few seconds as you work your way down the strand . Then repeat on the other side of the strand . Finish combing through with the cold setting to get a nice smooth and frizz-free shine.At first I needed to finish with my flat iron until I learned what works best . I no longer need it.My only criticism is that this brush could be improved with more speed settings . I have a feeling that for hair longer than mine , it would be faster to use a regular blowdryer and large roundbrush . The brush design makes it so much easier to maneuver than the pistol style infiniti straightener . That particular dryer is wonderful for the front , but is terribly awkward at the back of the head due to how it has to be held . If the brush style had ranged up to 1500 watts it would be suitable for both short and long hair .
 This is best for hair no longer than shoulder length as the box states.I have chin length hair and now this is the only product I use and it does make it feel smooth -LRB- if you read your instructions -RRB- . I wish I had gotten it sooner .
 I love this hair dryer/styler . It is pretty easy to use although I am still learning different techniques . I am 55 yrs old and have never found a hairstyling tool that I like as much as this one .
 I too have fine , shoulder length hair . The short story is that the item works pretty well given that there is a tension setting -LRB- unlike traditional dryers -RRB- . Figuring in that I do n't have to hold my old hair dryer AND use a brush , I would say that this is a quality product . In keeping with reality , nothing besides good old fashioned labor is going to give you a shiny super straight solution on the first go around . Once the user gets a feel for the tool she can evaluate the effectiveness and ease -LRB- or not -RRB- of use . It took me a few tries to get the feel for the process but I am now a believer . My old hair dryer is still a keeper but if I am honest with myself it took a bit of practice to ` fall in love ' with that one too and I know that one day soon it 's -LRB- the old fashioned hair dryer -RRB- going to die and I 'll have to start the process -LRB- dating different models -RRB- over again . Besides , no one 's young forever , that two handed thing can and will become a chore before you know it . Bottom line ... love it .
 My hair is course & thick w / some natural curl . I have never had any kind of styler that has made my hair so shiny and sleek . My hair would always have a frizzed dull look before this dryer . This dryer has replaced my hair dryer , flat iron , & brush . I only use this Hot Air Styler and a pick comb . I can have my hair dried and styled in record time ! It has a 3 year warranty but if it broke tomorrow , I would immediately order another !
 Just received this and am VERY pleased with it . I have fine , thick , naturally curly hair with quite a bit of frizz , especially in moisure . Have combated the curl/frizz all my life - even ironing my hair in the 60 's . No matter what product or combination of products I have used to straigten and soften I still would end up with this halo of frizz . This styler has all but eliminated that ! It 's easy to use - if you can brush your hair you can manage the appliance . And all in all it actually takes less time to dry and style than my old normal routine with blow dryer and flat straigtener . As an added note - originally saw the product in an ad on my browser , clicked on it which took me to the Conair web site . Conair 's price was $ 59.99 plus shipping . Bought new from Amazon.com for $ 49.99 - with free shipping !! I would highly recommend to anyone and I recommend buying here .
 I gave a very favorable review to the Infiniti tourmaline hair designer , the hair dryer sold by Conair as an accompaniment to this Hot Air Styler . I tried the Hot Air Styler because it was light weight , and also appeared to be lighter and more portable than the dryer . As it happened , two hours after the Styler was delivered via Fed Ex , I got caught in a rainstorm while running and was able to test the Styler on my very wet , long , curly hair . It appears to work as well as the hair dryer and is also highly maneuverable . In fact , I think that you might want to try it before either purchasing the dryer or buying both items together as Amazon suggests .
 This product is genius ! I purchased it this past weekend because of a recommendation from a friend who currently has the Conair 208 Infiniti Tourmaline Hair Designer and Dryer . She said that her current styler works great but its a bit bulky and this styler should be great to handle because it 's alot smaller . Boy was she right . I used to get cramps in my arms trying to blow dry my hair and it would always leave it puffy so I would still have to use a flat iron or curling iron . That 's not the case with this baby . It 's really a 3 in 1 one machine and cuts my styling time in half . I was a little skeptical at first because some stylers do n't work well on black hair but this really did . My hair is permed/relaxed , thick and long -LRB- a little bit past my bra strap -RRB- and this styler managed my hair with ease leaving it smooth and shiny . The hair dryer and straightening iron are hot enough to get the roots of my hair straight but I did n't have to wince once because it did n't burn -LRB- which can happen when you use a blow dryer and separate brush esp . if you do it in a hair salon -RRB- . This means that I can go longer without touch-ups . The ends of my hair did not come out as smooth as it usually would had I used a flat iron but I do n't mind because a flat iron usually has to be pretty hot and can sometimes leave that burned scent on my hair even if I use a protective styling cream.I feel comfortable enough to use this styler everyday . Which is such a relief because I work up a pretty good sweat in the gym . Now I can wash my hair at home and have it nicely styled on my own in less than 30 mins . That sure beats putting it up in a boring ponytail or spending 3 hours at the hair salon : - -RRB- I am giving these as gifts to my sisters for the holidays . It is really unbelievable .
 I have fine medium length hair and I use this brush for quick touchups and in a few minutes I got the straight look I want , with shine ! It is light-weighted and so easy to use . It also comes with a great three-year warranty.A word of warning is
 I used the styler for the first time today . It worked well on my hair which is fine , very wavy , shoulder length , but lots of it . It tends to sit flat on my head but puff out at the ends.I used the styler on the hot setting , when my hair was damp and with a straightening product . It took the same amount of time to dry as with a blower and brush . It worked particularly well adding volume to the crown and reducing the puffiness at the shoulders . -LRB- The instructions describe how to reduce or add volume . -RRB- My hair looks as good or better as when I leave the salon .
 I have shoulder length , wavy/curly/coarse hair that I never know quite what to do with . I 've never been good at anything `` girly '' , and that includes blow drying my hair . Coordinating a blow dryer AND hairbrush ? Not in this lifetime ! This dryer does a decent job of making my hair smoother and straighter , but not stick-straight -LRB- which is OK with me -RRB- . As far as drying , it is n't too powerful , so I usually let my hair air-dry for a while and then use the Infiniti . What I like best is ease of use ; just like brushing your hair !
 I just purchased this item at Target -LRB- paid $ 49.99 -RRB- and I love it ! I have short , fine hair , growing out into a chin length bob and although it does n't work the conventional way -LRB- brushing out underneath -RRB- , I can use it similar to a regular hairbrush and it straightens and sleeks my hair . I was afraid a straightener would make my hair flat but this gives me volume and the shine is unbelievable . My usual round of shine serums and smoothing cremes are totally unnecessary now . This was my first straightening styler and I could n't be happier with it !
 This is the first straightening tool I 've seen that will work on short hair , and it does it well . It 's much easier to use than the ceramic plate straighteners.My biggest problem is getting frizzy hair when it rains or the humidity is high , and just combing this over my hair did a great job controlling the frizzies.It does NOT dry hair that well , esp . if you have thick wavy hair like I do , but I generally let mine air-dry for 20 to 30 minutes before styling it .
 This is a really nice product , its very easy to hold , the handle does not get hot , even after extended use.When you get this straighter do not use it when you are running later for work , or your going somewhere and its your first time using it . Use this when you have a few moments to spare and play around with the thickness settings . When you actually have to use it the practice will help.I notice when I use this my hair has a nice shine to it . But be warned this product does not replace -LRB- at least for me -RRB- my flat iron.I do notice I spend less time blow drying my hair , and the result is a much more polished than with my old Conair Ionic blow dryer.I can also now do this one handed , so I can drink my coffee and blow dry my hair at the same time.The only other drawback -LRB- besides having a hair dryer that you have to practice with prior to usage -RRB- is the switch configuration The cool button is at the top , the hot button is below , so if you push the swtich to the top you have cool air . At 6:15 AM when I 'm not quite awake and trying to blow dry my hair it took awhile to figure out why my hair was n't drying , thankfully it was before I threw this in the trash , which would have been a mistake , it a great product .
 I love this dryer . It actually tames my fly-away hair . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because , I guess because of the lower wattage , it takes me a little longer to dry my hair ; and also , I think the comb teeth could be just a little longer so you can have more control by grabbing more hair .
 I love this product . It straightens as it dries . I was looking for a wet dry straightener this one does the job . I do agree for medium length hair . My hair is longer and thick so it takes a while to finish . The results are worth it
 Works well for me.Except that the blow drier is n't very effective and does n't dry my hair completely . I dry my hair a little with a separate blow drier and then use this styler.Adds volume to my thin hair .
 I have fine frizzy wavy hair . Flattening irons tend to leave my hair without any body . The Infiniti BC173 smooths my hair and still gives it some lift . It 's very easy to use which I like since I do n't enjoy spending a lot of time styling my hair . I 've even used it when I 've let my hair almost completely dry naturally and it has already started to be curly and frizzy and this dryer smooths it out . Amazing !!! I 've been using it for about 3 years now and it still keeps working like new . I 've been thinking about buying another one in case Conair quits making them . I 'm sure the one I have wo n't last forever . I hate it when I find something that works this well and then the company stops making it . Hopefully that wo n't happen . I do n't usually bother to write reviews but this product really deserves a good one .
 I love this product ! Was worried when my old one broke that I would not find another one and I did!Infiniti by Conair BC173 Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Wet Dry Straightening Hot Air Styler
 Got 5 of these so far as gifts and used one myself love the antifrizzTourmaline comb it straightens and styles hair with no effort just comb through the direction you want your hair styled I bring it with me everywhere I travel it is compact enough for the carryon
 I have very short hair and although it works well , it is quite bulky to handle I wish I had a mini version
 I bought this hot styler first time 2 years ago . . and it was a love from first sight . I have naturally curly uneven hair . And I just dry them using this hot brush - and they perfect in fast no time , no curling irons , no straighteners needed . I hate drying hair but with styler it is just a fun . I use it on wet and dry hair and they always look perfect . I order this item again and again . I can not understand why only Conair has such wonder tool ? What about other brands ? I 'm afraid one day Conair will stop production of this amazing tool . I hope it will never happen .
 If you 're buying this product with the intension to use it as a dryer ... well do n't do it . It 's not that powerful.My hair is thick so I had some doubts about it , but it works great as a straightener and a styler -LRB- just do n't expect the same results as going to a hair salon -RRB- . If you are not into spending a lot of time to do your hair this is the product for you .
 This is actually the second Hot Air Styler I 've bought . After I burned the first one out after five years , I wasted no time in purchasing another one . I am one of those people that simply can not maneuver a blowdryer and a round brush to tame my coarse curls . Drying my hair with this styler is as easy as brushing my hair .
 I loved the first one so I bought one for my daughter . Then my original hair styler quit working after only a few months ' use . I hope I have better luck with the replacement.I have long , thick wavy hair so I will give the product the benefit of the doubt . It is very effective in taming friz and waves . Now I can dry my hair in only a few minutes . Love the features of this dryer .
 This is the 2nd one that I 've purchased . I burned up the 1st and had to have another . It takes my naturally curly hair to straight while retaining the body . Love it !
 I just happened upon this item when at the grocery store . I had recently purchased the Instyler that 's so talked about and it was junk ... burned the ends of my hair . I was going to purchase a flat iron to do the final straightening after blowdrying but this wet/dry blow dryer peaked my interest . I 'm the queen of returning things so figured I had nothing to lose.I 'm a red head and have to deal with the usual wavy , somewhat frizzy -LRB- in humid conditions -RRB- problems what seems to come with our hair color . Normaly I blow dry my hair with a comb attatchment to get the curl out . I have to have the dryer on the hottest setting to achieve results . In the summer , by the time I 'm done , I 'm usually sweating because of the high heat needed . Well , NO MORE ! I just got done using this new Conair product for the 1st time and I LOVE IT !! I washed and towel dryed then started in . I used the hottest heat setting to get the initial moisture out , and as my hair became dryer I switched to the low setting . It worked like a charm , and no sweat dripping down my neck afterwards . I 'm telling you that this product suits my particular needs perfectly . I do n't want the sleek straight look . Just straignt ... with body . That 's EXACTLY what I got ! This styler is so , so light and easy to handle . You can very easily flip the ends of your hair under or up . I paid $ 50 for it . I would pay $ 200 at the drop of hat . When one has battled a head of hair like I 've had to do for -LRB- ahem -RRB- 55 years , it 's a thrill to discover a product like this . Too bad it was n't around in the 70 's ... it would 've changed my life.Supper Satisfied Customer
 My sister was about to braid my hair at her place one weekend but before she could I needed to wash and dry my hair right quick . Well , I searched high and low in her home and I could n't find a hairdryer . . I checked her bedroom as a last resort and found a hairdryer that looked like a brush -LRB- Hair Designer Conair BC173 -RRB- . I took one look at it my first thought was `` damn , not another styling brush ... these do n't work and they rip my hair out '' ; when I looked at the brush a second time I realized that it was actually a hair dryer so I decided why not try it and see what happens . OMG ... . this revolutionary piece of equipment not only dryed my hair perfectly it straightened it a bit in the process . I was shocked speechless . I find that holding this hair dryer does n't feel as awkward or cumbersome as with other hair dryers . I 'm sold for life on this . When I read that some people did n't like it or rated it low I was surprised ; they must not have been using it correctly . I 'm glad that the majority of the reviews were positive because this really is an awesome hairdryer . I ca n't imagine ever going back . Finally a hairdryer for black women or women with coarse hair .
 I have a long wavy frizzy hair which I always wanted somewhat straighter ; but do n't have time or patience for a regular blow dry.Keep in mind this is not a regular hair dryer , it 's less powerful because it stays closer to hair -LRB- so no scorching -RRB- . In my opinion you have to know how to use it otherwise you 'll get puffy and frizzy hair.What I do
 After reading some of the reviews I bought this & used it yesterday . It took about 15 minutes to dry my shoulder length wavy hair.I found it a bit difficult to hold when styling my hair - drying the angled front was especially tricky & I did n't get the long lasting smoothness I was hoping to get . However , when I had initially dried my hair it looked smooth & sleek . Unfortunately it frizzed back up during the day -LRB- I live in San Diego not somewhere humid -RRB- so I am going to try again using smaller areas of hair . If anyone has any styling tips for using this , I 'd love to hear them .
 I love this product . I didnot thought it would have been so good . I always had to be going to the hairdresser to get the type of look I wanted for my hair . This hairdryer along with the flat iron does wonders for the straighten look i always love . The blowdryer is easy to use and handle the built in comb makes it a breeze . And because of the structure and material of the product i dont have to worry about the comb breaking . My sister uses it on her processed hair and it works ! My friend also used it on her thick natural african american hair worked too !! And on my indian hair it works perfectly !!!
 I was really excited to try this product . I cut my hair short after fears that I would n't be able to style it -LRB- I 'm a hair dummy -RRB- . This works so much faster than flat ironing with almost the same results . The first time I used it I got great results and each time i use it I get better . It helps to straighten the hair in the back much better without getting that funky swoop I usually get.Obviously I do n't get super instant results as the ads would have you believe , but I can straighten my thick , ultra wavy hair in about 10-15 minutes instead of 15 minutes to blowdry and 20-30 minutes to flat iron . I 'm not only saving time to spend with my son but also the amount of time my hair is exposed to dry heat .
 I have a hot air brush which takes FOREVER to straighten my naturally curly & thick hair . Even once I 'd gotten it straight , it was frizzy and just did not hold style well . Then I 'd started using one of the Conair tourmaline brushes and LOVED it because of how well it gets rid of frizz and controls flyaways and wanted a tourmaline hot air brush for Christmas . My dad picked this Infiniti and WOW it works wonders !!! The first time I used it my hair was about half way dry and it worked perfectly , not only straightening and controling the frizz but also my hair felt so soft and the style stayed all evening !!! This morning I felt really brave and used it on my very wet hair about 10 minutes before I had to leave for work !!! I thought there was no way it would dry in time ! It did my hair in 8 minutes and almost completely dryed it ! It has been about 4 hours and after coming in and the wind blowing , it still looks FABULOUS !!! I can not recommend this thing high enough !! No complaints ! I read the directions and use it as advised . LOVE IT !!! ROCK ON , CONAIR !
 Not much has been written for the girl with a bob type style . -LRB- or shorter length -RRB- . . I have rather thick hair , however it is straight with a few wavy areas in the back , `` anyhoo '' it 's always hard to get a round brush with a hair dryer in the back plus be able to see what it is your doing , with this tool it 's a piece of cake ... It 's just like brushing your hair , your hair depending on your preference can flip up or down , while staying completely straight ... It 's awesome If this works great for girls with hard to manage hair just imagine with normal hair . This brush dryer straightener is light and easy to maneuver no need to be a professional to operate . If you can brush your hair you certainly will love how this works ... Best thing I have bought for myself in years ! I 'm ecstatic I made this purchase ... I dry my hair with a blow dryer -LRB- it 's quicker -RRB- until it 's just a `` tad damp '' -LRB- or if I have time , air it almost dry -RRB- I think I like my results better when I work with it while it 's not quite dry , I then go in and finish drying and styling with this Styler ... After you have used it a couple times you 'll figure out neat things you can do with it . I get lift in my crown area by holding the section up and griping it with this tool ... LADIES you have to invest in this you wo n't be disappointed . . Because it is new I ca n't speak to the longevity of the motor or other operational features only time will tell . I certainly know as long as they make this I will be buying it , as needed ... Thanks , Conair ... OK it 's been awhile now the motor is still going very strong however , I did buy another one ! I need to have an extra styler just in case something happens to the one I have . I LOVE it that much !
 This is a great product and the price is right ! My hair is naturally curly and can get very frizzy . This allows me to have long hair that is not frizzy , smooth , shiny and still have some curl to it . I usually dry my hair a bit before I use this dryer .
 This is one product I have been recommending without reservation for the past 3 years . At least 5 of my friends and relatives bought it following my advice , and they always got back to me with `` thanks '' and `` wow `` s . It is simply magic I 've been searching for for a while , as I am lazy when it comes to styling , and simply do n't have the time -LRB- and the skill -RRB- to do justice to my haircut . With this dryer/styler , I achieve the salon look in 5-10 minutes . It is light and small and extremely comfortable to handle . My hair looks shiny , straight , and my short bob is in perfect shape . Another benefit is its small size , which makes it very portable -LRB- I never go on a trip without it , except to Europe , where I must live through my pre-Infinity nightmare without this styler -RRB- . Without exaggeration , this is one of the top 5 products in all categories I have purchased from Amazon . Whatever other dryers/stylers you are considering , give this one a try , and most likely your search and your problems will end with this purchase .
 After much debating -LRB- I 'm talking months -RRB- , I purchased the Conair Infiniti dryer/straightener . I could n't be happier !!! I have slightly longer than chin-length hair , on the thicker side and wavy . I would usually blow dry with a round brush and then use a flat iron . What a pain ! This styler is all I need - I have n't gone back since I got it . Not only does it leave my hair straight , it gives it a decent amount of body and bounce - something the flat iron totally ruined . My hair is smooth and soft and feels considerably healthier since I nixed all the major heat on it . The only reason why I passed on five stars ... I use a product/straightening gel on my hair to protect it from the heat , and after a while there was considerable build-up on the styler . I 've recently started using alcohol wipes on it once a week to clean it as best as I can . I 'm not sure how long that 's going to work though . Someone else had the same observation , but did n't say how they resolved it . Overall I 'm really happy with it and frankly if it broke tomorrow , I 'd by another in a heartbeat .
 My cousing is a hair stylist and I 'm not a hair salon person but I like to have my hair straight . She recommended me to use this ceramic straightening product for drying and straighting purpose.The hair looks great , most likely a salon finish . -LRB- my hair is curly , thin and dry , its very long too -RRB- and It takes me about 40mins to dry it up .
 I love this product ! I have very curly corkscrew curls that I love but feel I look too young with . So , I straighten them now . This product will leave your hair straight and silky . I do n't know what people are doing who do n't have great results . You dry on hot first , I used 4 tension . Then when it is almost dry you switch to the low setting . Then , once dry you switch to cool setting but honestly I do n't use cool and my hair comes out great anyway . No frizz . You do have to prep your hair first with a straightening product and some leave-in-conditioner . It takes me about 30 minutes to dry my hair and it always look healthy . The down side is that I lost hair when I straighten it and it gets caught in the comb . I called Conair and a very nice woman helped me but she recommended to take out any hair you see after you style . I had waited a bit and now it is too late . I still use it with a lot of hair buildup but I am going to buy another and start all over to be careful next time . I ca n't live without it ! But like I said , the key is to prep hair first . I did n't prep it first and just used gel and it was n't so sleek . PREP !
 My hair is curly/wavy and average thickness . I 've worn it pretty short for most of my life , for convenience , but a few times I 've let it grow out ; I enjoy the versatility although it 's more hassle . About 8 months ago I decided to let it grow out again and , although it 's definitely at an awkward stage -LRB- just touching my shoulders and the sides are n't quite long enough to stay behind my ears , the front keeps dropping down in my face if I do n't style it -RRB- , this device is really helping.My hair is curliest around my face and , as it grows , it starts to do this sausage-roll thing , no matter how carefully I style it with the round brush while drying it . If it 's already dry , I have to break out the hot rollers . Well , not anymore!The only drawback for me is that it claims to be a dryer as well as a straightener , and it 's not powerful enough to dry my hair , at least not as quickly as I 'd like . It 's only 700 watts -LRB- my regular dryer is 1875 -RRB- . So I use the 1875 to dry my hair and then I use the straightener on my hair when it 's dry.Where it REALLY shines -LRB- sorry for the pun -RRB- is on those days when I do n't need or want to shampoo and do the whole routine . I can straighten and style VERY easily in just a couple of minutes during the morning routine , and I end up with sleeker lines than I 've EVER gotten with the brush and dryer , plus I get the shine too ! Another way it saves time is that , since it IS marketed as a dryer , it 's `` hot '' right away instead of having to wait for it to heat up -LRB- like rollers -RRB- , and cools down quickly after you 've turned it off . After literally just a couple of minutes , I go from bed-head to sleeker lines and more shine than I 'd EVER get with the brush and dryer!The heat settings -LRB- high , low , cool -RRB- are on a thumb-push switch just below the teeth of the comb , but I have to confess I have n't figured out the different settings controlled by the knob at the top . It definitely clicks as you turn it but nothing obvious changes on the lines of the comb itself , and that knob has no labels or symbols . I did read the instructions and learned that it somehow controls the thing 's strength but I still ca n't tell how . Lucky for me , I 've got it on a good setting.The cord is nice and long - well over 6 ' - and the plug has a ground fault interrupter . It 's light and the grip feels natural and balanced and does n't get hot , and the business end is angled just a tiny bit which feels right.There 's no telling how many different curling irons , hot brushes , and rollers I 've bought over the years tryingto get this kind of control and results . In addition to enjoying -LRB- and being grateful for -RRB- the time I save with it , and the improved results , now I 'm really excited to have my hair longer so I can see what this thing can do with that !
 just a great find was found while I was noodling aroung on the computer . This product is terrific , fast , and I just love it !!!
 this straightener is amazing ! i have extremely thick hair that i get permanently straightened , but the roots grow back curly very quickly . I have to get it re-straightened every 10 months so inbetween i have curly roots with straight hair , and this product is amazing for that . It is so easy to use and makes the straight part of my hair even straghter .
 I have very thick cirly hair . I ussually do n't have time in thr moring to do a great job straightening my hair . My hair dresser takes about 30 min . but it looks great . With this product I can do my own hair as good as the salon and it only takes about 15 min . I use my regular hair dryer and dry it about 1/2 way , then I finish with this styler . Because the brush is built into the dryer I have one hand free to section my hair . It is great ! I was worried about it not being pwerful enough for my thick hair but It is more than powerful enough . The tension control is great , I set mine on 4 because I have thick hair . Bottom line , I would recomend this product to anyone that hates to straighten there hair with a brush and a dryer .
 I love this ! I have curly hair and it 's sooo much easier to straighten when I use this first instead of a blow dryer . Nice and light and easy to hold for period of time !!
 I am so happy with this straightener after several attemps to find a good one i finally fund one.I have realy thick and curly hair and it straighten my hair in less then half the time it used to.I highly recomend this item .
 I just finished using the Infiniti Hair Designer by Conair for the first time . My hair looks and feels soft , silky amd healthy . It feels light and swingy . I ca n't stop touching it ! LOL!It dried quickly too . I am very happy with it and am glad I purchased it .
 Length :
 The blowdryer arrived quickly and I 'm satisfied with the product . I have really curly hair and the blowdryer gets it straight , however , I still have to use a flat iron to get it `` bone straight '' .
 This is the second one I ever bought . The first I blew out after 2 years but it was really great . Dried and straightened/flipped my hair without the damage of blow drying THEN straightening . Gives more volume too . very good product and came in the mail really fast !
 I 've never been able to use the brush stylers so I was kind of skeptical about this one but it 's a great hair dryer and straighter in one ! Do n't use it with your hair sopping wet though and you 'll get better results . I have thick hair that 's wavy , not super curly , so it works perfectly ! Need to get a second one for the road !
 At first glance my initial reaction to this product was ; my hair will laugh at this toy . I received my dryer a few weeks ago , and decided to try it out last night . I am astonished by how effortless this hair styler is to maneuver . It 's not bulky , it fits in the hand nicely , and gives off the right amount of power . Being a hair novice , the ease and promptness of the drying , straightening and styling has been a delight . So far so good .
 I purchased this product about 3 years ago . Used it constantly . Finally burned it out but since it worked so well , I was delighted to find one again on Amazon . Whew !!! I had looked in quite a few stores and could n't find it . Do n't know what I would do if they stop making this . Works great on my hair . Has adjustable heat settings based on type of hair so make sure you select the right setting . I did n't do this at first and had the setting too hot for my hair . My hair looks like its been done by a professional when I use the styler .
 I love this hair dryer ! I have medium wavy hair with a tendency to frizz . Before this hair dryer I had to use curlers to keep the frizz away . Now I just use a little anti-frizz product on my wet hair , partially air dry , and finish with the hair dryer . My hair looks like it was professionally styled ! I love how I can control how staight or curly I want it . Also this works great for touch ups .
 I love this product . I have very thick and curly hair and since I 've used this product I now have straight hair . Very easy to use and I have n't seen any damage to my hair . I am very happy to own one .
 Washing my daughters hair is quite a chore and I 'm trying not to break down and put any chemicals in it . I was so pleased with this product . It really dried and straightend her hair . Afterwards I did n't even need the flat iron , I jut used the edge stick on her edges and ponytailed it up and we were done . Great price , great product
 I was actually doing a search for the InStyler when I came across this item . I was n't sold on spending the $ 100 + dollars yet for an item that has received so-so reviews . When I clicked on the the item and saw the reviews I was like , whats the loss ... it 's only $ 25 . I received it today , and my hair was in need of a washing anyway ... so ... AWESOME!I am an African American female so my hair is less than easy to deal with -LRB- plus it 's short -RRB- . Especially when I have to manuever a blow dryer in it . Usually my arm is killing me from doing the back of my head with a blowdryer and brush . This device was so easy . And when I was done my hair was n't left looking like I came out of the 70s with an afro like it usually looks like after I wash and blow dry it . I still needed to use a flat iron , but it was just so much easier . Hair was n't going every which way , it did n't feel dried out from the heat . And my arm , felt great!Plus it came with clips and headbands which is an added bonus.I 've been trying to grow my hair out so I think as it grows this device will still be so much easier than my tradition hair dryer with comb attachment.Can ' t go wrong with this one ladies !
 I 'm no women 's hair expert , but my girlfriend uses the Infiniti to blow out her hair into an afro and she 's commented that it 's the easiest and most convenient way to do it because she can replace the blow drying and the brushing with a single step.I do n't see a lot about that particular use for the product , so I thought I 'd mention it .
 Many of the negative reviews on here indicate that the reviewers were disappointed with the results this product gave them compared to using a flat iron . As a former flat iron user , I will agree with them that this unit does not produce results like a flat iron , but that is because it is better than a flat iron.At the salon , they do not send me out the door with my naturally wavy-to-curly hair stick-straight and plastered to my head by using a flat iron . I do not pay them for that . Instead they blow dry my hair , using the brush to give it a smooth appearance and shape it . That is what this tool does - smooths and shapes my hair , while drying it , because it 's just a tiny hair dryer in a brush . I am not disparaging it in its simplicity , though , because using this product has made my hair look more like it was done by a professional , more easily , than anything else I 've tried . It 's genius and I love it . But if for some reason you love stick-straight flat-ironed hair , stay away.I would give it 5 stars , but the sticker price is too high . I paid it , but we all know that this product could easily go for less , which is probably why amazon is selling it for less .
 This dryer actually works as it claims to ! I have fine , curly hair that frizzes in humidity , no matter what I do . This dryer cuts it down drastically - not eliminate , but does make my hair smoother and softer . I have just about every hair appliance and product made for the mass market and this is one of the better ones . I also have the blow dryer that matches this comb type drier and this works better and faster than that . It does n't seem to be as hard on my hair also . I would buy this again .
 I ordered a second one after using my first for several years . Too clumsy for regular round brush , this one is so easy ! Now have one at home and one for travel and second home .
 This is a wonderful hair dryer because the ceramic `` teeth '' really make my hair shine even before I use any shining agents.It can be used for those who have very coily/curly natural hair or for relaxed hair . It is a game changer for me considering the amount of time it takes to dry & straighten my hair ! It does n't overheat my hair - perfect results . -LRB- Also , it has warm , hot & also a cool setting -RRB-
 I started using the Infiniti hair designer several years ago and loved how it dried and straightened my hair at the same time ! When I found out that it was no longer being manufactured , I panicked and searched the web to find more ... ca n't live without it . I found 3 through Amazon and bought all of them . I can now breathe easily .
 Just what I 've been looking for . Easy to use , lightweight , just the right selection of speed and temperature . My hair is very delicate and this wide-tooth comb styler does not stress the hair nor overheat it . It 's just as the manufacturer descibes which is not always the case , as we know . A great product .
 I have used this hair dryer for many years , and mine just gave out . So I am buying two more to have on hand . It is the only one that has gotten my thick hair straignt with body . I love this product .
 I have thick , wavy , short hair and I use it on my dry hair to easily straighen and smooth my hair . I use it every day and would not want to be with out it . I think I 'll buy another and keep it at work . Two girls at work told me about this dryer and I 'm glad they did .
 I am the laziest person in the world when it comes to styling my hair . I also am completely uncoordinated with a brush and blowdryer . I have extremely thick hair -LRB- before my hair went curly - it used to take 3 perm solutions to have enough to do my hair -RRB- . My hair turned curly after I had my son . I decided to try this product and it is amazing . I can fully dry my hair in about 1/2 hour . I did find that it was hard to get it to grip my hair if I just used it like a comb , but if I put it under my hair and used my other hard to press my hair into it - it worked great ! Completely straightens my hair and I can even make it curl under on the ends . After your hair is dry and straight you can change the setting to cool and it even removes all of the annoying frizzies . I find that I do n't even need to use a ton of product like I used to use with a flat iron . I recommend this to everyone !
 I have chin length frizzy hair that I do battle with on a daily basis with upkeep involving an expensive blow dryer , flat iron , and sometimes curling iron . On my first stying attempt with this product , my hair came out straight with body , something difficult to achieve previously . Styling time was less and the results much better . I have tried so my appliances that I was definitely skeptical , but my experience was an unexpected surprise .
 As someone who previously never did more than `` stir-dry '' my soft wavy hair for a perfect coif , having my post-chemotherapy hair come in with dry , frizzy curls left me feeling clumsy in all styling efforts . Curling irons confound me , but the Conair Wet/Dry styler was easy to use and smoothed my hair back to a more recognizable texture .
 Now I do n't have to worry about my arm getting tired , with thick and curly hair I had given up on the straight style . Thanks Infiniti !
 After reading all the reviews , good and bad , I decided to chance buying this hair styler . I followed the suggestion about letting my hair get nearly dry before using this , and it works so well for me ! Makes it look full and shiny , styles it straight , curved under , or flipped out - however I want . I 'm really glad I bought it , besides I got it for $ 20 less than on the Conair website with free shipping to boot !
 This is my first review and before purchasing this product I am pretty sure I read all of them . I have african american hair and I am currently transitioning -LRB- going from permed hair to natural -RRB- . I was looking for a product that I could use with low heat and was easy to use because I am pretty much hair appliance challenged . I am dealing with two different textures , wavy and very curly ... this was able to get my hair reasonably straight without pulling a lot of my hair out . Now do n't go expecting to have a salon blow out ... but it definitely makes your hair soft and manageable . I just finished using it and I think I 'm hooked for when I do n't feel like actually working hard on my hair . So I think it 's worth giving it a shot .
 I have struggled with unmanagable frizzy hair all my life . The past fewyears I resorted to having my hair blown out twice a week at the salon ... very $ $ $ $ . I now dry my hair a bit with a regular blow dryer then use the BC173 ... I use my left hand to separate my hair and help guide it into the dryer ... it defrizzes and straightens my hair leaving it with body -LRB- flat irons leave my hair straw like and too straight and unnatural -RRB- . . I turn the knob at the top to # 1 for the greatest tension ... sounds a bit dramatic but the BC173 has changed my life ... . Thank you Conair ! -LRB- I have bought several because I 'm scared they will discontinue this model one day -RRB-
 ... sooo this works for me perfectly ! I have issues blow drying my hair while holding a brush at the same time . This product combines the 2 and makes it easy .
 I do not like doing my hair . I am mixed with curly hair . I hardly go thru the trouble to straighten it becasue , perms dont take , I hate that burnt hair smell from flat ironing & rollers take too much time , just for a stlye to last until it gets humid . My mother sent me this AND I LOVE LOVE LOVE it . I wash my hair . May or may not air dry , blow dry or even all wet and use this to dry . But it straightenes TOO ! And I have a friend who has nornal hair and she loves it . My sister locves using it on both her hair and her sew-in hair . The bad review , cant say what went wrong . But Im on here now looking for one for a friend -LRB- because I really dont want to let mine go -RRB- .
 Found this hair dryer to be effective in keeping my hair much more calmer and smooth . Other hair dryers did okay right after you dry your hair but as soon as you step outside your hair has a mind of its own . This hair dryer kept your hair looking good all day long .
 This is the third Conair Infiniti that I have purchased and love it more than any other blowdryer I have owned . The only complaint that I have is that it needs to be replaced about once a year .
 Great product , shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition . This is a professional , well built hair dry , with a good high heat setting . Would recommend for anyone looking for a long lasting well built hair drying/styler .
 I had been struggling with finding an easier way to wash , dry , detangle , and straighten my daughter 's mane . I wasted my money on product after product until I found this wonderful little dryer on sale . I figured I 'd give it a shot since I was running out of options . I bought it and have loved it !! It is no longer a pain to wash and dry my daughter 's hair because I am literally down to those two steps . I use it too -LRB- because we live in humid SE Georgia -RRB- to keep the frizzies away . I have not noticed any damage to our hair with this dryer because other dryers made our hair brittle and we were almost always air drying our hair . YES , a mess !! I have given away my other hair dryers and getting my replacement Conair because I know I 'm going to end up burning this one out . So far though I 've had it for 2 years , and it 's still blowing strong . For the price I paid for it , it met and exceeded my expectations.PROS
 POSITIVE
 I bought this iteam because I have thick , tightly coiled hair and I have no perm and it is sometimes hard to get my hair straight my self , but when I purchased this iteam it made my hair straight enough so i can press it out with a straighting comb this product works for thick hair and I highly reccomend it to women with naturally thick long hair .
 It performed much better than I expected . It actually straightened my unrelaxed , African-American hair and it did it much quicker and better than a blow-dryer and brush . My hair is n't even jaw length yet it managed to do very well.I did n't follow the instructions on how to use the dryer regarding sectioning . I used it like a regular brush and as I said , I am thrilled !
 This was an answer to my prayers . Great for my natural African American hair .
 The Conair Infiniti BC173 Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Wet Dry Straightening Hot Air Styler is the best hair appliance I 've ever had . It works like a dream . It straightens the hair while drying . It 's so nice not to have to blow dry & then straighten with a flat iron . It saves so much time & effort . I would recommend this appliance to anyone who wants to have straight , shiny hair .
 I was n't sure how it worked when I ordered this product , It is unlike other straightners . It 's really neat , it works like a hair brush . I love it because I can let my hair air dry untill it is only damp , then use the straightner to dry and straighten my hair at the same time , cutting styling time in half . The straightner also gives me more volume than blowdrying does . I love the results I get with this product and have recomended it to family . I have shoulder length hair and it works great , but if you have short hair it may not be as effective because of the design of the product . My hair is also thick , so do n't worry about that .
 I LOVE this styler . I am very fickle about hair products , but this is one that will be used every day ! My hair is smooth , soft , shiny . It takes me 5 minutes to dry and style my hair -LRB- I have a classic bob -RRB- . Would definitely recommend to my friends and family .
 This is an amazing styler . It saves time and damage to your hair by drying and straightening -LRB- or flipping the ends -RRB- . It is easy to handle and works on my fine hair as well as my daughters curly and thick hair !!! Leaves hair soft and shiney ! Style stays in until you wash your hair . Also very nice for touch ups - mist hair - and style .
 I recently purchased this product for my mother who suffers from chronic hand pain and limited mobility due to several unsuccessful surgeries to repair an injury . She has raved to me that it styles her hair better than any dryer she has utilized in the past and is extremely easy to operate , even in her deteriorated state . I highly recommend this product to anyone who has difficulty handling both a dryer and a brush simultaneously , whether due to a chronic condition or simply a lack of dexterity .
 Ok for those of you with turly curly hair . I mean I stuck a finger in a light socket , got teased horribly in school & can dive into a pool twice before your hair gets wet curly hair . This is for you . I wo n't give you that shiny straight Demi Moore look . You will still have to run a hot iron or straightner over the ends . But what it will do is reduce the volume of your hair and there must be something to those ions . I tested this baby in the worst weather conditions , humidity and cold . My hair did not `` puff up '' or get horrible frizzies . Use it instead of a blow dryer and be sure to use your regular product . It takes a little bit longer to dry my hair with this then a regular blower but I do n't soend another 35 with a curling iron and straightner . I now use a hot iron to curl the ends and get the hair straight on my crown and roots . I would absolutly recomend this item for those who have battled frizzy curly hair all their life
 I have Botticelli curls that tend to flatten and become frizzy during the day.I use this on the number 3 setting and on high heat . When I 'm done I part my hair down the middle and make two buns then spray my hair with hair spray . When I take my hair out of the buns I get that gossip girl hair that lasts . The reason I wo n't give it five stars is because the product need a tighter grip and more power to get curly hair pin straight .
 I 've been using this hairdryer ever since it debuted . I have thick , shoulder length fine hair that is highlighted and a bit frizzy . This dryer gets it straight and smooth . I can create lift on top and soft curls or flip on ends . I still use a flat iron sometimes to get a very sleek , straight finish , but it 's no longer the `` necessary '' step that it was before when I used a regular blow dryer . When I first started using it my friends asked me what I had done to my hair . On days that I do n't shampoo , I can easily revive my `` slept-on '' hair with this dryer - without wetting my hair .
 That is the BEST description of my hair . I am a African American woman , with 4C hair , that has hair that IS N'T processed or chemically straightened . After reading other peoples reviews and watching their videos of this product , I just had to try it for myself . I received it in the mail this afternoon and was dying to try it . I used it on my hair 10 minutes ago . My hair came out like `` BUTTER !!!!! '' I mean , my hair is so silky soft and straight . I do have to say , this hot air styling tool did n't get has hot as my regular hair dryer and that 's o.k. . These results where much more better and far more that what I expected . As long as you take the time to getting to know this product and get it to work best for your hair type , you could really enjoy this product .
 i bought my first one some time in 2007 , my hair is shoulder length or longer and thick and naturally wavey , i was tired of having to use a regular dryer with one hand and a big roller brush with the other and i hated drying with a regular dryer then pulling out the flat iron and scorching my hair ... it was PERFECT !!! it works fast , i can use it while my hair is still mostly wet , i let my hair air dry for a few , and i get alot of volume and the frizz is gone , its soooo easy to use and adjustable for hair thickness . . i didnt take very good care of it you have to keep it clear of hair and clean out the vents and stuff . . and it burned out on me but i used it 3 times a week for 3 years ... so i tried to go back to a regular dryer while i shopped for a new one , figured i could just go to the store and get a new one ... wrong , i could only find them on amazon , it was an agonizing wait ... longest 2 weeks of my life trying to remember how to use a plain dryer my hair was a mess . .
 I have had this straightener for about two weeks and I have used it on my hair both wet and dry . I have long , thick and wavy hair . I like the fact that you do n't have to put your hair between plates to straighten it . I was skeptical that it would be able to straighten my hair enough , but it does a very good job . I put anti frizz serum on my hair before use and that leaves my hair feeling silky and smooth . It takes me about a half hour if my hair is wet to straighten it . I then just touch it up over the next few days -LRB- I do n't wash it everyday -RRB- and it works wonderful . I have four flattening irons and I really , really like this hot air straightener . I would definitely recommend it and the price is reasonable too .
 this product is good for straighting your hair after you have used the iron . it is nice and you will be happy to have it . if you do not iron ur hair first , then your hair will not be 100 % straight . so think and buy . i am using and it is really nice to get your hair straightened the way you want . overall a good product .
 My wife has owned and used this model since it first came out . It is the easiest one to straighten and style her very curly hair .
 I love this thing . This is the third I 've bought over 8 years . There is a warranty but ive never used it . That is my only negative-if a hair gets sucked through the back it can short the system . It 's great for someone who is not talented enough to hold a blowdryer and a brush . So I just flip my head over and run it through . You wont get stick straight hair like a Straightener will do , but for my curly hair , it comes out great !
 This is the second Infinit I 've owned in the past 10 years . It 's an awesomely quick way to dry out and smooth my hair after shampooing . Perfect for those straight styles - shortens blow drying time considerably .
 I 've had the Infiniti Tourmaline Ceramic Wet Dry Hot Air Styler for a few years now and would n't be without it . I do n't have curly hair though . My hair is fine , medium length , straight and flat . It does n't have a lot of body . Drying my hair from the roots out with the Infinity gives me the body I need . I 've always looked for hair dryers or curling irons with brushes or teeth to grab my hair because it just makes it easier for me to style my hair and saves time . I still use a curling iron after to touch up but the body seems to last longer with the Infiniti .
 i had it one and lasted several years and i was please with the performant so i wanted to replaced it
 I 've had this product for a few years , although I have n't used it continuously throughout those years . I asked for a particular flat iron for Christmas and received this instead . I did n't like it at all at first . BUT , I just started using it in place of my blow dryer and found it 's actually really effective . I still have to go over it with a flat iron but very little . It definitely cuts down on the time because I do n't need to flat iron each little section of hair afterwards . I am very sad to say that it did stop working . Unfortunately , it happened when I was really starting to get the hang of and love this tool ! I 've been looking everywhere for a replacement or a substitute and ca n't believe it 's so expensive now ! It must have been quite a gem !
 I 've tried every product you can think of . Of all of them , this is the best ! It defrizzes and shines your hair . I use it everyday whether I wash my hair or not . You do need to towel dry your hair good . Put product if you like and then just style . Easy to use with great results !
 I have moderatly curly hair and have never known how to style it . I am uncoordinated with flat irons and round brushes with hair dryers . This thing is awsome . I can easily style my hair straight and not feel like I need an extra hand . It is adjustable depending how curly your hair is . It is easily packable for traveling . Apply straightning product , if desired , after you wash , then style when your hair is about two thirds dry , or if you wash your hair at night , just dampen it a little in the AM and style .
 This hot air brush drys my hair very quickly and the results are look very professional . My hair is straight and soft with lots of shine . It is much easier to work with than a hair dryer and brush .
 I am very skeptical when it comes to products like this because they do n't ever seem to do as promised . But , I have been using this styler for several months now and do n't have one complaint so far . I have very thick hair with some wave to it . Previously , I would use a blow dryer and flat iron -LRB- which took forever -RRB- and would end up with big frizzy hair and it still had the wave . I have found that it 's best to let your hair air dry a little and use anti-frizz cream before using the styler , but I definitely recommend it to all you girls with thick , hard to straighen hair !!
 The Infiniti by Conair BC173 gives me great results . If you are trying to obtain silky straight hair , I highly recommend this item . I own a Chi hair straightener , but the Infiniti does such a great job that I do n't even really need to use the Chi . As an option , however , I sometimes use the Chi after drying my hair with the Infiniti so that I can achieve a little more smoothness . However , the Infiniti enables me to have the control I seek without using the Chi . The Infinity allows a professional straight hairstyle that 's easy to achieve . I 'm most delighted to find and own the Infinity and highly recommend it . It also seems very good quality to me .
 if anyone wants an easy to use hair styler this is the one I recommend.You just have to follow the simple instructions , always use the cool down button for a few minutes . My hair hair came out looking better than I expected , with hardly any effort.It would be great for teens just starting on their own with styling .
 This dryer de-frizzes my hair nicely . But what I like best is that it straightens without making my hair too pin-straight . It allows me to give it a slight curl at the ends , so it has body . The shape of the dryer allows me to curl my hair over or under . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because I wish the dryer was a little more powerful . When I 'm in a hurry , I have to use my regular hair dryer to get it 3/4 done , then finish it off with the styler . I highly recommend this product . I 'm buying it as a gift for several people .
 Love the styler ! Takes me only 5 minutes to get the curl I need . Good buy .
 I have thick curly , shoulder length hair I have used every dryer method and professionally straightened my hair . FINALLY A PRODUCT THAT DOES WHAT IT SAYS . This is lightweight , not only straightens but keeps body in it and the best part my hair looks so healthy & shiny not broken or frizzy It looks like I just walked out of the salon . Great product !!! I 'm buying four more for Christmas gifts !
 I had been tempted to try this styling product since it first appeared on the market but hesitated because I just was n't sure how it would work for me . So I continued to blow my hair dry , followed by a hot brush followed by Velcro rollers . Jeez - it was a major ordeal to get the smooth look I wanted to say nothing of keeping it . I knew it was possible because my stylist does it with no problem but achieving that look myself was challenging to say the least.When I saw the price here on Amazon , which included free shipping and no sales tax I decided it was now or never . The reviews were mixed , some people loved it and others were very unhappy . Still others were so-so about it . I wondered what category I would fall into.Well I am pleased to say it has worked beautifully for me , from the first time -LRB- actually I 've only used it twice so I 'm assuming I will get even better at using it as I get more practice -RRB- . I followed the advice of the other reviewers and let my hair towel dry and then air dry for a little so it was damp but not soaking wet . I did divide my hair into sections , then began with the bottom layer and worked up . I used the highest settings on both the tension and the heat as I have thick wavy/frizzy -LRB- not curly -RRB- hair . I wear my hair in an inverted bob , stacked in the back and chin length in the front with no bangs.The styling went fairly fast and before I knew it I had a hairdo very comparable to what my stylist gives me . I was absolutely amazed . Smooth , shiny hair - no weird waves or bumps or frizzes flying everywhere . Could this be my hair ?? The best part is the style has held for days , though exercise classes , mean bosses , damp weather and anything else life could throw at me . I 'm a fan .
 I bought this as a gift and when I went online to purchase another one the price went up 50 dollars more !! So for the current price I would give it 2 stars
 Having gone from long hair to short I was n't sure what to do with it or how to get it to look like my hairdresser had styled it . This nifty tool solved all the issues . I can go strait , add more lift even a bit of curl and it 's soft and natural feeling . It 's the best styling tool in my large collection and I do n't need to use as many products .
 Love this . Received this last week and so far have been very impressed . I had trouble blow drying my hair so this is the perfect solution . It does n't get my hair as straight as the flat iron but it 's less damaging to the hair . Does n't weigh too much . Just perfect.Product also comes with hair bands and hair clips . Highly recommended .
 I am horrible at blow drying my hair , so I was so excited to find this styler . It was super easy to use and fast . Yes , it does n't make your hair stick straight ... it makes it even better . It makes my hair soft and great volume ... love it .
 I have the EAU DE PARFUM of this fragrance . It is the perfect summer fragrance . It is a blend of lemon , grapefruit and cypress -- light , airy and fresh smelling . It goes on intense , but melds into your skin shortly after . It is more of a summer fragrance , but I occasionally will layer it with a stronger , more winter fragrance . Hadrien layers brilliantly with most fragrances ... it is very versatile.The only downside is that even at the parfum level , this fragrance has little staying power -LRB- the eau de toilette will fare less potent -RRB- . After a few hours , it vanishes . This is not uncommon among citrusy type fragrances -- most do not last very long . This is why I give this product 4 instead of 5 stars ... no staying power.The bottle , like all Goutal bottles is nothing special . It does not look like an expensive perfume bottle . The only thing that discerns one Goutal fragrance from the next is a simple paper tag that hangs from an elegant ribbon in the neck of the bottle . Also , Goutal fragrances do not come in shrink-wrapped boxes . This is the only fragrance house I know of that packages this way . Not a big deal , just sometime you may wonder if anyone has stolen a spritz from your bottle before you bought it . But since these fragrances are only sold behind the counter , you are most likely getting an untouched bottle.I love this fragrance , and have been wearing it for years . It is classic , elegant and lighthearted all at the same time .
 I first bought this perfume in Paris . I was happy to find it at a really nice price . It is not too much , light , and I love it .
 I purchased this as a gift and my wife loves the fragrance . Dealing with this seller is a pleasure and I will most certainly do so again .
 Light Summer parfum , I love this and always have such a hard time findding it . You more than likly will not find it at a store . Only on line .
 I buy this year or so for my wife and we both really like the fragrance . The only draw-back is that Amazon does n't appear to offer it in a &#34; refill &#34; container . That would definately improve the satisfaction with the product and service .
 Outstanding aroma . Have used it for years !! Very fresh smelling . Would recommend it to anyone , male or female . Everyone like the aroma .
 I 've been using this scent for about ten years now . I love the citrus floral top notes , with slightly spicy undertones . It 's perfect to wear every day .
 This perfume has a really nice lemon and citrus scent . My wife got a sample on a different order years ago and has been using it ever since .
 Overall , I am delighted with this perfume -- it is light , crisp , citrus-y without being too-sweet . It is a perfect summer scent . My only negative comment would be that the fragrance does n't last long . Perhaps that 's the price of subtlety -- you will need to re-apply the scent throughout the day .
 I only wear Annick Goutal and this is one of my favorites . Citrusy and not over-powering it is a lovely clean summer scent .
 I have fallen hard for Royal Secret II . Thankfully RSII is nothing like the original . It opens with citrus but develops into a lovely , powdery scent that is that is not dominated by a floral heart or a woody base .
 This is the only relaxer that I 've used on my daughter 's hair . We first used the texturizer when she was 4 to test it out , then graduated to the relaxer when she was about 4 and a half . She is now 6 yrs old and we still use this about every 6 weeks . It 's gentle on her hair , does n't over process , no burning , and comes out very straight with each application . Washes out easily and I 've had no breakage issues . I was so impressed that I started trying out and using other Just for Me products on my daughter 's hair . This review is saying a lot as I initially had no intentions of adding chemicals to my daughter 's hair ... was going to just leave her natural . But , I do n't regret the decision and Just for Me has given me peace of mind about it ... we 'll definitely continue using this product .
 A friend suggested that I use a kiddie relaxer and I have been very happy with the results . this is less harsh than the regular adult relaxer and lasts just as long in your hair .
 i bought this in memory of my mother . she loved gardenias . i tried this lotion and it was so intensely realitic ! this is all i wear now . it lasts and everyone around me comments on it . more so it is unique ! i hope you get it back in stock soon !!!!!!
 This little clamp works very well for attaching a flashlight to a shotgun . Very simple , but effective design that just works like it ought to . I would have given it 5 stars , but it is pretty expensive for such a simple little device . Recommended . Just make sure your light can deal with the recoil from the shotgun .
 In the world of shampoo 's I must have triedevery one of them and spent much money , eachtime hoping I would see the results that werepromised . Then I found this product . My hairresponded immediately . It is now lookingbetter than it has in years . I am not ayoung woman any more , but still take pride inmyself . I have to say this is simply the bestshampoo product on the market today - bar none .
 I have been a loyal user of Inner Grace for more than a year -- and that remains my fave Philosophy shower gel . However , I got a yen to try one of the others . I almost got the Amazing Grace , but at the last minute , changed to this one . Why ? There 's something about this scent that takes me back . There is this `` baby cologne '' smell that is reminiscent of the way children smelled in my Cuban childhood . Not the violet baby cologne , but a more perfumey , less floral one -- crisper , more unisex and `` soapy '' . That nostalgia is worth paying extra for.I like the creamy formula , even though it does have a strong surfactant -- SLS -- which will irritate some . I have supersensitive skin and , sometimes , I have to go strictly with Cetaphil or Aveeno or Aquaphor or other unscented products . But when I can handle scents , I like Philosophy 's line , as it does n't irk me like some skinwise . Between the more sensual Inner Grace and this crisper Pure Grace , I have shower gel/cream to cover a couple of my moods.For a cream , this lathered exceedinly nicely on my washcloth . I felt very clean -- well , duh , it has a strong cleanser -- but also moisturized somewhat , which is nice.Not everyone is gon na love this scent . Some might find it on the sharp side , on the Zesty soapy side , but it fades quickly , like all other Philosophy bath scents . Layering only helps slightly . Dunno why , but Philosophy scents just do n't have `` hold . '' But that 's okay . Smells so nice while you 're showering.One star off cause this is rough on fragile/color-treated/dry hair . Only use on your tresses if you have tough hair that you want clarified.But I would rebuy just the same . Nostalgia is a potent thing.Enjoy ,
 This is my favorite scent from Philosophy . It is clean and crisp , never over done .
 For many years I searched for a light fragrance that would just give a hint of gardenia . I finally found one that I have used for the last 14 years . Before the advent of the internet I often had trouble finding it but not any more . I encourage all women who are looking for a light elegant fragrance to try Gardenia Passion .
 I use this fragrance every day.Scent is true to gardenia . One spray of this scent will give you the hint of the fragrance without being overpowering . Lasts all day .
 Annick Goutal Gardenia Passion EDT is a lighter version -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- of the EDP . The fragrance is so natural and clean not perfumey . I am allergic to most perfumes but absolutely love this . The seller Hotcha was the best too !
 this is one of my favorite fragrances . it is very light . i will say that aroma lasts longer in the winter time than in the summer months .
 My grandpa -LRB- 87 -RRB- was looking for some shampoo that would help with his dandruff , and he had noticed that at the barber shop they washed his hair with something that was tingly.I immediately recognized that it was tea tree and bought him a year 's supply of shampoo . He loves it and says that it fixes his dandruff issue .
 This shampoo is not only a great value -LRB- a 8 oz bottle costs $ 15 at the drug store -RRB- but also has a great minty smell thats just right for your morning shower !
 It 's big and it 's full of nice , minty shampoo that makes your head tingle . I use it to refill my pump dispensers . I like it .
 I love this shampoo . It cleans great , smells great , and makes my scalp all tingly . Got a great deal on it here , and I just use an old bottle from the salon and keep refilling it with this . Definitely recommend !
 Paul Mitchell shampoo is a great . I use this at a vacation property rental property I own as a refil on the AVIVA dispensers that I have installed in the showers .
 God knows I tried dozens of products with no success , until one day I was searching on YouTube and found a woman video telling this was the best product ever ... You Know what she was telling the true . My feet look great ! and the cream that came in the package is very good true , though I bought also Sole Food great cream too .
 I have diabetes and diabetes equals calluses !!! I tried everything to get rid of my ugly calluses and this is te only thing that has worked for me . I am so pleased with this product , now I 'm not embarrassed when it comes time for sandal season ! I have experienced the pure horror of my manicurist having to scrub the heck of my feet trying to get them to look half way decent , but now with Sof feet no more horror :-RRB- how it works well for you !
 I used this product while visiting my sister-in-law and thought it was awesome - beats other recent pedicure callus removers recently advertised . I have received mine , with some Sof ` feet Softening Gel and still think it is awesome . Great Christmas present for both men and women !!
 I am very happy with this product . My feet are VERY soft now . I highly recommend it . Very easy to use as well !
 The drywall screen like callous rasp will smooth hard edges but not sand off deep callouses easily . If you need smoothing this is the ticket . But if you typically shave callouses this may not be enough , or may be step 2 in your routine . The cream is fine , but Cerave lotion -LRB- the kind in the tub -RRB- or Eucerin works better .
 I use it to maintain the callus buildup on my feet . It works real good . This is a good product to use .
 Works well . Also have a Dr. Scholl 's cheese grater on a handle that works good too . This Screen gets down to business . Men will like this product more so than I originally thought .
 Love it !!!! Worth every $ !!! I have really hard water and this has solved my problems !!!
 I bought this because I noticed a difference with our water at home and my hair was just getting dry and unmanageable . I 've only used it 2 days so far and have noticed a difference . My hair is softer and not as dry . I 've also noticed a difference in my skin as well - not as dry.I am planning to buy 2 more of these for our other showers .
 I am delighted with the purchase of this shower head . We have used it for over 6 months . I enjoy a shower without the clorinated smell and my hair is n't as dry . My daughters say their hair never looked better . This is a must buy recommendation .
 Installation was easy and the filter works well , keeping rust stains out of the tub . Also we have noticed a reduction in skin irritation relative to our old fixture , and our water does not smell as chlorinated .
 The water in my apartment is hard and I was having itchy skin and flaky scalp . I could not find any showerheads in stores that had filters so I looked on Amazon . I noticed a difference in my skin and hair within a week of installing this showerhead . My hair is softer , less scalp problems and my skin is no longer itchy . I highly recommend !
 overall this product is a good buy , however it sits high up on the shower head . Im 5 ' 6 . this works well for a taller person . My skin is less dry and itchy with this filtered shower head .
 Had to replace our shower head , went through two others before we found the April Shower APHH Handheld Filtered shower head , and oh my . It 's everything all the reviewers say , incredible power and noticeably smoother hair/skin post shower . Going to buy five more .
 I 've used other filtering shower heads but this is the first one that has actually worked . I noticed much softer hair and skin from the first shower . The water is bad here but with this shower head you would never know . I highly recommend it !
 I could tell the difference in my skin within the first few times I used it . My skin feels much softer . So far so good .
 I never realized just how much I dislike the results of chlorinated water in my hair and on my skin . Hair is softer and wavier , skin is less dry . Wonderful and easy to change filter !
 The water at my apartment is so heavily saturated with bleach you can occasionally smell it . It made me feel sick drinking it , and we suspected it was causing damage to my girlfriend 's long hair -LRB- including hair loss -RRB- . One month of using this shower filter , and my girlfriend 's hair problems have disappeared . Additionally , I must admit the water in the shower tasted fresher than water going through my Brita filter -LRB- pitcher -RRB- . Instruction were easy to follow ! -LRB- though removing the old faucet required some WD-40 , a hammer , a pipe-wrench , and a lighter !! -RRB- I like the shower-head 's spray.The only real downside is the construction is plastic and not that strong , and under light-to-moderate misuse or force might break .
 I like the filter -LRB- my first shower filter -RRB- , the water is much better but the attachment that holds the shower head is plastic and broke within 1 day .
 I bought this showerhead a few weeks ago and have been pleased with it . Others mentioned the spray was not very wide and sort of what you might get in an apartment . All my showerheads have been similar whether I lived in a house or apartment so it does n't bother me . My husband installed it easily and the filter has gotten rid of the annoying -LRB- to me -RRB- chlorine smell . It 's also left my skin and hair a bit softer . The feel of the wand in your hand is a little heavy-handed because of the filter but does not detract from the product , in my opinion .
 This arrived on time , it was easy to install and we really like it ! I have n't had to replace the filter yet but I do n't foresee that ever being a problem . Very happy with this purchase and the seller . It looks as good as one that I had picked out for twice the price !
 I was skeptical about this filter shower head mainly because of the size and price . I 've been looking at a full size water softener unit but it 's out of my budget so I decided to give this a try . I 've had this unit for almost 2 weeks now and it has helped calmed and softened my hair and I also noticed my skin is not as dried as before . I have really thick and hard hair and I immediately felt the difference after one shower . And to my surprise and unlike trying new shampoos , my hair remained softer shower and shower . So I think if you 're on a budget and wants softer and more manageable hair , definitely give this a try !
 I do n't typically write reviews but those who had reviewed this product were the reason I purchased this and the replacement filters ! Our hard water was killing my skin , our bathtub and especially my hair -LRB- dry and discolored -RRB- . This showerhead has saved me !! Thank you ! I am a customer for life ! Plus , the extendable arm has proven to be one of those things that you look back and say `` I do n't know how I ever lived without this '' ... like your caller ID or DVR!Update
 I bought this for my wife . She tried it and immediately noticed the difference . She so happy with this product she says she loves it . Her hair is very soft and she says that you lather up much more quickly because the water has been filtered and the impurities have been removed . I rigged this up so we can use the filtered wand or used the existing shower head . I 'm thinking of getting one for the other shower .
 Thisi shipped to us quickly and luckily maintenance man at our apt agreed to help install it . This filter has reduced the mineral buildup in our hair from the water in this city -LRB- L.A. where different parts of the county get water from different sources -RRB- Only problem is that when you want to put it back up during the shower , the grip is not that easy to handle , so sometimes shower head falls back down . The other day it fell and whacked my daughter on the head so hard , she had a hard time not falling herself . So , the filter and spray works , but the attaching hardware needs design improvements .
 very light filters the water very well takes the clorine out that causes drying of your hair and body thank you
 This is the only type of filter I found that would work for filtering bath water . The connections are all secure and it has worked well for over two years , with a filter change only once a year .
 Makes water softer . Helps prevent frizzy hair . Nice massage setting . Cord length is perfect . Had it for a month and happy so far .
 WOW I am impressed . Being visual , installation would have been easier if they included a PICTURE diagram - although not hard . Many people have complained about the cheap plastic parts . I agree but I think this product needs a woman 's touch to install . Be gentle with it . Tighten a little less at first , turn on water and see if there are any leaks coming out . If so you can always tighten a little bit more.I 'll never go back to a regular shower again . This product does exactly what it claims . If you are a tall person over 5 ' 9 you will appreciate this one even more . I am 5 ' 5 and I am fine with it . ''
 Living in NJ , I had scalp buildups a lot from hard water and dryness of skin . . winter was worst ... Using this shower head totally eliminated the same for both me and my wife . It also reduced our hair loss and hair felt a lot softer . . I can defentely tell the difference days when I wash my face on normal tap water . . Only flaw is their design . . The shower head pops out during shower and is very dangerous as it missed my wifes head a couple of time and we also broke once . . We did find our way out . . turn the bath tub water first and then turn the knob to activate the shower head and when you leave the shower again ensure the shower head is turned off -LSB- By putting down your bath tub water flow knob downwards -RSB- Just as sanity check once in while ensure the head is located tightly in socket . . A must buy for sensitive skin and people who want fresh shower . . My in laws and friends just love it we gifted a handful of them .
 The water pressure that comes through this filter is better than my previous shower head that did n't have a filter . The chlorine smell is gone , and we 've been using the same filter for about 5 or 6 months now and it still does not smell like chlorine.The only problem that I have had with this product is the clip that the shower head attaches to broke after about 4 months . It was a flimsy plastic piece . Fortunately it was the same size as the shower head that I had on previously and I was able to use the old one .
 This shower filter is wonderful for your skin . Within two days of using it , my skin felt softer and less dry and itchy . Same for my daughter , who has sensitive skin . This is one of the best purchases I have made for skincare .
 We bought our first one of this shower head in 2001 and are still using it today with no problems . It filters your shower water for a healthier shower and also has a hand held option which is good for kids , pets and cleaning . We just bought another one for our second bathroom now that our son is old enough to take showers . He uses it to wash his own hair .
 I 've been a long-time sufferer of eczema , psoriasis , and dry skin . I attributed these problems mostly to moving to an extremely dry climate . Recently , I decided that I needed a new shower head . While browsing on Amazon , I happened to come across New Market Naturals . I read all of the positive reviews and I started wondering if my skin problems might have something to do with the water . I decided that it could n't hurt to give this a try , so I purchased the Royale version , which is made by the same company and uses the same type of filter . After my first shower , I immediately noticed a significant difference . My skin felt softer and the filtered water did n't strip away my natural body oils . Also , at that time , I was experiencing a moderate flare-up of eczema . The next day , I noticed that my skin had calmed down and it was clearing up fast ! Anyone who has eczema and/or psoriasis knows what a battle it is to deal with these painful conditions and the endless experiments with trying different treatments , i.e. , steroid creams , lotions , vitamins , prescriptions , etc. . I do not know if this will have a long-term effect on my condition as I 've only been using it for a short period of time , but I feel so positive about it that I think anyone with these types of skin problems should give this a try . Even if it does not `` cure '' my skin issues , I already feel like it 's had a tremendous impact on the way my skin feels . Anything that gives some sort of measure of relief is worth it .
 love it , my hair is shiny and soft again , skin smooth and calm.very easy to install , read instructions , use the thread tape , mine dosent leak at all.you will be hard pressed to find something similar at this price.i will never be without this product , it makes showering enjoyable again .
 I really like this shower head . It puts out enough force and was easy to install . .
 I love this product . I purchased this item because of a medical condition that was being made worse by chlorine in the water . The showerhead has completely solved the problem . Easy to install .
 I bought this for myself , and upon using it just once the difference in my skin and hair was obvious . No itching or dryness ! I promptly bought another for my mother - she is in her 80s and has said this has helped her skin and hair so much . We gave them as gifts to many people in 08 , and every one of them has gone on to buy one to give as a gift to someone they love too . Honestly ; easy to install , easy to use , instant results - great value for money !
 Although I have had the April Shower hand held filter but a short time , I 'm very satisfied with the ease of installation and the ease of adjustment for varying spray types . A simple turn of the shower head and you canchange from a fine spray to the massaging , pulsating output . The hand held feature is great and can be easily set in the bracket for normal showering . Living in a mobile park very often present a problem of nothaving room for the shower filter . My old shower sent spray to the lower body parts and I had to stoop to shower the shoulders and head . The filters fit into the handle , inexpensive and easy to install . I give theshower filter a healthy 5 .
 I have only had the April Shower APHH Handheld Shower Head operating for about a month . It is exactly what I expected . It was easy to install , but I was very careful with it as the components appeared to be a bit fragile . It works well filtering the water and providing a full water flow . The head is quite light and easy to use . Some reviews indicated the shower head would be too high , but I did not find that to be the case . I do not use the pulse massage.April Shower APHH Handheld Shower Head and Filter Includes Pulse Massage
 New Market Natural April Shower Filter Slim - White With Massage HeadTHIS PRODUCT WORKS FOR ECZEMA and dry skin !! Until you have a filtered water shower , you have no idea how harsh all the additives to our water are to our skin . My granddaughter has had eczema since she was born and during the winter it seemed to get worse due to the dry conditions and heat . She suffers NO MORE , and the improvement was within a week of use ! We still use her special Stelopia Soap on her , but have no need for lotions or medicated creams . The only reason this product did not earn a 5 star rating from me is because the tubing is soooo long that if it pops out of the armrest it DOES hit the bottom of the bathtub and breaks :-LRB- To resolve that I feel they need to seat the handheld portion lower into the armrest and add some texture to the portion you would hold in your hand as it is too slick . STILL given those issues , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product.UPDATE 12/11
 I just finished installing it this weekend , and after a day or two my family was telling me how great it was . Their hair and skin felt softer , as for me I did notice a minor improvement , I did not feel all dried out after coming out of the shower . I will definitely be buying more of these for my other bathrooms .
 The filter works great to soften my hard AZ water and my dry skin problem is almost gone after only a week of use . The 2 spray settings are nice and have good pressure when you have it set to spray or pulsating massage . However , the pressure is pretty weak on the combo setting -LRB- half spray/half massage -RRB- . The combo setting would be perfect if it only had more pressure ! I also combined this shower head withShowerBreeze w / 6 ' Hose Water Jet Dental Irrigatorand when combined the spray angle was much too high -LRB- even without the showerbreeze I think the angle would be too high and I 'm 6 ' 3 '' -RRB- . Also , as others have mentioned the shower arm is n't great but I found the perfect solution to both problems with thisMommy 's Helper Safer Grip Portable Shower Arm . It allows me to place the shower head at any height and is very stable .
 This does absolutely work !! The true test is when your filter needs to be changed and you forgot it was time and your skin will feel all itchy and dry as will your scalp -- it literally only took one shower in chlorinated water for my skin to flip out from the chlorine and I noticed how dry my scalp was.I pretty much shower every day and the average time to replace my filter is about 3-4 months ; ca n't really go much longer than that , then again , we have ALOT of chlorine in our water , so filter has to work even harder . This works , highly recommend.NOTE
 When I used to run my shower , a red film or streaks would appear on my white walls . I assume this was from some sort of iron oxide . My eyes would also irritate in the shower . Since buying this filter , the red streaks on the walls no longer appear and I do n't have eye issues . I was skeptic and had to trust in the science behind this , but something is very obviously being removed from my water .
 it filters good , my hair and skin feel silky , wow , why didnt i do this sooner . i highly recommend if you have itchy skin , or really hard water , hooked up very easily and water smells great , and feels silky while showering , i wont go without , just keep the filter changed every two months or so
 this is the best shower head , I will be buying 1-2 more just in case something should happen to this one
 easy installation with a rench , good flow of water . easy to change water filter , the only thing that i had a issue with was the stiffness of the connecter . took a lot of strength to adjust the direction of it .
 This is the make up I use in the winter time . So sad that it has been discontinued . So hoping Max Factor comes back . Love this foundation !
 I love this foundation . It covers & evens out my complexion SO well . Naturally , the price on Amazon is a HUGE bargain !!!
 My wife says she has tried them all and this is the best ! It gives her a perfect complexion .
 I 've been wearing this product since I began wearing makeup - some 25 years ago . I 've always loved the coverage and am sorry that they quit producing this item .
 Let me start off by saying that I am a frangrance lover . I am always in search of my `` signature scent . '' Usually I am bored by the perfumes one might find in big name department stores , therefore I am more of a boutique fragrance shopper . Which is how I came across the Annick Goutal line . The Goutal line is known , but maybe not as widely as say , Chanel or Dior . I have tried several in this line including Petite Cherie and Mandragore . However ... this soliflore , Le Chevrefeuille is my favorite . If you like floral but not overwhelmingly so , with a hint of earthiness , then this is the fragrance for you ! For me it 's the perfect feminine scent . The only reason I did not give this fragrance 5 stars is because of the lact of staying power . Other than that ... Perfection ! -LRB- And I am hard to please -RRB- .
 A lovely light scent reminiscent of honeysuckle . The fragrance 's softness is perfect for the days/evenings of summer .
 Nice scent which should appreciated by most
 I 've used the shampoo and conditioner for years . I have tried other brands but keep coming back to Aveda 's Shampure line . The conditioner does wonders for my fine , fly away hair . Some people do n't like the earthy scent but I love it . I am allergic to most fragrances but this is n't the case with Shampure.Note
 This tanning gel is amazing . I was hesitant to buy it because of the high price . First , it lasts for 6 months and I use it almost daily . The smell is lovely -- fresh , uplifting , but not overwhelming . Most importantly , when you put it on , even before you begin to tan , it makes you look dewy and have a youthful glow!Sometimes I use it for that reason alone .
 I am unsure how well it works by itself but for curly hair it seems to help along with other hair products . It will have your curls under control ! :D I used it today and plopped my hair and my curls were shiny and soft and tight . I used with it Dr. Bronner 's hair rinse and hair creme . : -RRB-
 This did work very well and lasted a very long time . Great value and good-for-you ingredients . I felt my hair smelled a bit like a lime sno-cone , though . I like limes well enough but do n't fancy smelling like them .
 This is the only `` natural '' mousse I have tried . I like it ! It smells fresh and applies nicely . My hair is fine/curly and this stuff works good . I will stick with this mousse .
 While I have not yet received this polish -LRB- it will be here in two days -RRB- this is my all time favorite OPI color . It has been discontinued and I could not find it anywhere -- someone suggested Ebay where I found it for $ 14.75 !! When I complained to my husband he suggested Amazon and sure enough I was able to find it for about 1/3 the price -- I love Amazon !!
 This color is discontinued and is my favorite color when I want to shine . Happy to find it on Amazon and I take it with me to the nail salons I visit when we travel or I change salons because most of them do not carry the color any longer . It was at a discounted price which made my decision easier because shipping costs were a bit high .
 I had a mani/pedi and picked out this color from the salon . I had so many compliments from it that I decided I was going to get a bottle of it . Could n't find it anywhere ! Even checked the OPI website and they did n't have the Japanese Collection on their site . Amazingly enough I found it thru Amazon.com ! It 's a great color for the summer and it 's a guarantee you will get noticed ! I was also pleasantly surprised how quickly I got it !
 This is a great place to find the OPI colors I 'm looking forward ... much easier than running around from store to store !
 I ordered this last year and had a great experience with this company . The Perfume is wonderful , very light and clean feeling . I love to put it on right before bedtime . You wo n't be disappointed in this fragrance .
 I am a guy , and I 'm really not into perfumes . To be honest , most perfumes are a big turnoff . Several years ago , however , I smelled this fragrance on a woman , asked her what it was and now I buy a bottle for my wife every year . I love the way it smells on her . It is subtle and seductive .
 I started wearing this perfume in 2002 . Immediately fell in love with it . Have n't worn it since 2007 . I found an empty bottle tucked away and the scent brought back sweet memories of happy moments . I had to have it ! Of course , as soon as I received it and put it on , I went back in time ! So now I have the best of both
 I love this fragrance , it works well for everyday wear . I 've been wearing it for years , and it smells great !
 This is the best perfume in the world ! New perfumes is very badold is goldbest perfumes is only from late 80s to late 90s and 2000
 its a perfume and u get what u smell . was delivered on time and smells as it should smell , what else is there to say .
 Please , Please bring this one back . It 's light , fun & apparently really missed by others . This is a terrific summer scent .
 I use it as a night cream . Since my skin is relatively dry , it moisturizes very nicely while I sleep .
 this scent is light and floral , great for day and night use . light rose smell , not too sweet like the Anna Sui scents . Not too strong and overpowering like the Channel no 5 , and Allure .
 I was very happy to get this skin cream because they do n't make it where I live anymore and I wanted to give it to my Mom for her birthday . It arrived a little late , but it was ok .
 this hairspray holds really good and you can style with it also . helps with the styling with you hair , you will like it
 I bought this for my mother because she 's always loved this scent . It was delivered on its final estimated delivery date , which made me slightly nervous -LRB- so if you are on a tight schedule , order ahead to avoid the extra costs of faster shipping -RRB- . When it did arrive , it arrived in perfect condition . Meaning
 This set is great my wife likes it a lot . she get fascinated with this gift . It is so cute
 If your lady loves Red Door , she 'll love this large assortment of Red Door products . Do n't settle for dinky little bottles and tubes of product ... go large . Definite winner !
 I have ordered Red Door for my mother for Christmas for years . I am not able to get out much so ordering on line was terrific . I hope the product stays the same price .
 Wonderful product and very good price . I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law and was very pleased . Again , great price !
 This was a gift for my daughter . She loves Red Door & loved this set . I would recommend it .
 Always get compliments on the scent . Received it in record time , and am very pleased .
 My mother loves Red Door so I got her this set for Mother 's Day . She loves it and it was a great deal !
 Love it !! The product looks exactly the same as in the website . I opened the box and found the product , it was packed properly , so there was no damage .
 This is the BEST SMELLING lotion I have ever sniffed . When you smell , you just somehow relax and feel happy , but nostalgic and dreamy kind of happy ? It smells like wafts of aromatic tea leaves , very soft and subtle , but mostly very relaxing to the senses . Has a slightly earthy , organic scent that makes it smell natural . You 'll know what I mean when you smell it.The bottle is a different picture now . I was almost horrified when I thought they were n't making this scent anymore . It 's my FAVORITE !! Everywhere I go , people usually compliment me about it .
 I have light auburn hair and this is a good color match for my brows . The product is almost like a chap stick type consistency . It is hard to get an even application of color at times . I have n't been swimming with this product so I ca n't speak for the water proof aspect . I will use it up , but not sure if I will order it again .
 I 've been an acne and ` bump ' sufferer since i hit puberty -LRB- 15 years ago -RRB- and have always embarrassed by the way my back and top of arms looked . this lotion really helps in smoothing out the area and my skin feels a million times softer , and the bumps are going away . i HIGHLY recommend this to anyone suffering from the bumps !! it may also help with your acne ! use once a day after showering .
 I have suffered from the red bumpy skin on the back of my arms and legs for all of my life . People used to comment all the time about the bumps on my arm , as if I had a rash or something . It was really embarrasing . I 've gone to dermatologists and tried many things to get rid of this . I 've used lotions , exfoliators , toners , scrubbers , you name it . This is the first lotion that has actually made drastic noticeable change on my skin , and you can get it over the counter . My arms are 95 % bump-free for the first time in my life . The redness has also gone away . I like the added plus that it has SPF 15 which eliminates the need for added skin protection . I only need to use it once a day . I dont notice any type of smell , and actually like that it is fragrance free . I absolutely would reccomend this lotion to others who have this same problem .
 Nytrigana Fam Junza Ilan Poko bi duzwifra ! Waal hok . Kur nia bi loko az ! Kur nia bi plesim JEE JEE JEE !
 I love this product , it was one of few this I could use without having a breakout . I have endlessly searched for this product with no luck . I can now only use the neutrogena cleanser and when I need something deeper I just suffer through . I tried one of the newer versions and had to return it as it caused a breakout . Please , please , please bring it back !
 Summer sandal season is hard on my feet and they seem to get callused so easily . I have been using pumice stones to keep them looking nice . When I saw this screen with a handle and read the great reviews I wanted to give it a try . Now I am hooked , it works really well . The handle is nice and thick and sturdy so you can apply pressure to your feet without it bending and the screen works the calluses down easily . This set comes with replacement screens and cream . The cream is fairly greasy so you will want to put on socks after applying but by morning it leaves your skin nice and soft .
 I just bought this product this morning at my local beauty supply store , based on the recommendation of the store clerk . I have horrible calluses on my feet that crack and have n't found anything that works really well -LRB- unless I soak my feet for awhile first to soften them up -RRB- . I just used this tool and it works amazingly well . I also paid $ 18.00 for it -LRB- it has a few replacement screens -RRB- , so I was surprised to find it here for much less .
 Easy to use , easy to clean , not rough like other callus removers . Very Effective ! I do road runs and my feet always get rough/hard points on certain areas . This product leaves the bottom of my feet smooth and soft .
 seems to do the job . My feet are n't in bad shape , but something comes up , tis will quickly smooth it out without discomfort . Have n't tried the foot cream it comes with .
 I love this product ! I wish I found this before I purchase a battery operated one . Its simple and easy to use and I also like the small jar of foot cream that it came with . I will be buying the bigger size of that .
 This is the only product I have ever used that actually helped with my super dry brittle nails to keep them from flaking and breaking . It is well worth the money .
 Krystal Clean cleared up my problem quickly . I 'd been given it as a gift and was happy to find it here online , so I can order more .
 I have been using Sof ` feet on my feet for over 5 years . They are always crack and callus free and smooth to the touch . With cream each morning and night , they are always sandle ready and touchable .
 Love this fresh clean scent ! Best price I had found for this brand of perfume . Great Deal and smells clean , fresh and shipping was fast .
 I have the eau de parfum of this fragrance . It is the perfect summer fragrance . It is a blend of lemon , grapefruit and cypress -- light , airy and fresh smelling . It goes on intense , but melds into your skin shortly after . It is more of a summer fragrance , but I occasionally will layer it with a stronger , more winter fragrance . Hadrien layers brilliantly with most fragrances ... it is very versatile.The only downside is that even at the parfum level , this fragrance has little staying power . After a few hours , it vanishes . This is not uncommon among citrusy type fragrances -- most do not last very long . This is why I give this product 4 instead of 5 stars ... no staying power.The bottle , like all Goutal bottles is nothing special . It does not look like an expensive perfume bottle . The only thing that discerns one Goutal fragrance from the next is a simple paper tag that hangs from an elegant ribbon in the neck of the bottle . Also , Goutal fragrances do not come in shrink-wrapped boxes . This is the only fragrance house I know of that packages this way . Not a big deal , just sometime you may wonder if anyone has stolen a spritz from your bottle before you bought it . But since these fragrances are only sold behind the counter , you are most likely getting an untouched bottle.I love this fragrance , and have been wearing it for years . It is classic , elegant and lighthearted all at the same time .
 I 've been using this for years . I put it on my face after shaving and before going out in the sun . It makes my skin feel good while preventing dryness and other effects of being in the sun . Great Product !
 My boyfriend was very skeptical about using moisturizer , but now that he 's given it a try , he ca n't go without it . He loves this moisturizer and so do I. His face is so smooth , and he smells great .
 Ahava Mens Protective Moisturizing Fluid SPF 15 is an excellent moisturizer , leaving the face soft and moisturized yet not greasy . It has the added benefit of UV protection with SPF 15 . Like all Ahava products it is manufactured to the highest standards . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a superior product .
 This is definitely a dark brown , if you are looking for more of a softer brown like that is offered in Lauren Hutton 's Passport kit , this is not it.Used wet , it has a very good consistency , glides on beautifully - a great product . The color is very rich and nice - like a dark roast coffee bean color - just too dark , I feel , for a blonde for everyday daytime use , which is what I was looking for , hence the 4 rather than 5 stars.I did not try the product dry , as I 'm not a fan of dry cake eyeliner application .
 Frederic Fekkai Shea Butter Shampoo is a staple in my arsenal of toiletries ! The scent is light with serious staying power , and it also has the amazing ability to smooth and soothe my long , fine , heat and color treated tresses without making my head look like an oily mess ! Several friends and relatives with various hair types are now believers in this miracle product . Pair with it 's conditioning counterpart -LRB- only on your ends -RRB- to make blow drying a breeze with the additional bonus of your luscious locks sustaining a day between washes !
 I got this -LRB- along with the moisturizer and the after-shave -RRB- for my boyfriend 's birthday . He loves it ! He keeps his at my place so he can use it when he 's over here and he told me how much he loves the way it feels . If he likes it , then I would definitely recommend it for any other guy .
 I love this had cream . It is not too thick and absorbs very quickly . It does not leave a residue on your skin and smells great . I would highly recommend this product .
 I love this product , but it is too expensive in salons . I hope this seller keeps selling it , because they provide excellent service and huge savings ! I am a 4-5 / times per week swimmer and need something for the chlorine that leaks in under my cap . The scent is wonderful , fresh , natural ... no crap in this shampoo . Just wish it came in a jumbo size ...
 This is a delightfully enhancing product which actually DOES tighten the skin around one 's eyes within seconds . It works best if these simple steps are followed :1 -RRB- Wipe under eyes with a warm wet wash cloth after applying foundation .2 -RRB- Shake bottle of MLAC3 -RRB- Place a tiny dot on finger tip4 -RRB- Smooth gently under each eye towards your temples5 -RRB- Fan face for instant dryingWHAM ! YOUR EYES HAVE LOST PUFFYNESS , WRINKLES , and CROWS FEET!This product is carried in my make up kit for `` quick fixes '' It really WORKS !
 This product works great to minimize the frown lines between my eyebrows . I just dab a bit on my finger and pat it onto my frown lines just before I put on my mascara . While my eyes are opened wide as I apply my mascara , the MLAC formula between my eyebrows dries and pulls my skin a bit tighter . When I 've finished applying mascara , I also have diminished frown lines between my brows . Pretty cool !
 I liked this product ! The only drawback is that the bottle is small and probably wo n't last too long .
 I purchased this product , it is excellent !!! Then I tried to purchase another product and I did not have a password , could not purchase ... HELP
 I ADORED this stuff , but the price is completely asinine now that it 's no longer being produced . As much as I love it , it 'll be a cold day in Hades when I purchase it for $ 90/bottle .
 This product does what it says and brightens your skin up . I like a more full coverage makeup that can even out your face and skin tones so this is a little too light for me , but if you want something in between a moisturizer and a foundation then you will love it . The color is really pretty and light too .
 I have used the product in the past and loved it but I got the wrong shade
 As skin ages , the number one problem aside from lines , is dullness . ALL of the Revlon Skinlights work beautifully to restore a glow to skin that is very natural-looking . I discovered this product about 4 years ago & recently compared it with HIGHBEAM -LRB- or MOONBEAM -RRB- made by Benefit . There is NO comparison . While I love Benefit products , Revlon has really come through with a `` sheer '' highlighter easily applied to any part of the face that needs a bit of light without looking like a ton of product has been applied . And of course , the price of Revlon 's product is about a third of Benefit 's . Way to go REVLON !
 For a comparatively little price , you can give yourself a bit of that youth `` glow '' that used to come naturally . Use a tiny dab of Revlon Skinlights Instant Skin Brightener wherever you want that shimmer to accent your features . Voila!The effect of Revlon Skinlights Instant Skin Brightener can be subtle enough to use in bright sunlight , but with a little extra application , can create a more dramatic look . If you 've been after that subtle `` glitter '' look that you 've seen in fashion magazines , Revelon has most definitely got the goods !
 I hate the feel of most foundations and this product works really well and gives life to middle age skin . Unfortunately Revlon is no longer making it so is no longer available . So happy to get some before your supply was goneRevlon Skinlights Instant Skin Brightener , SPF 15 , 04 Bare Light , 1.5 fl oz -LRB- 44.3 ml -RRB-
 This is a great product for mature skin . By mature skin , I 'm talking over 62 . Most liquid makeups just get into the creases and after a few hours I look worse than ever . This product can be worn alone or over liquid makeup . It reflects the light and makes my face look more vibrant and less made-up . It just gives that little boost that mature skin looses with age . Unfortunately I can no longer find it in the stores , so when I found it on-line I ordered 6 at once .
 I love the glow it puts on my skin . I have problem skin combinatin of dry and oily . It does n't make the dry patches show up like some of the foundations i hav eused in the past . You will love it too
 I love this product and have been using it for years . I use Revlon Skinlights all over and Max Factor 's Panstick Make-up -LRB- another awesome yet hard to find product -RRB- around the eyes and nose , and loose powder for a flawless yet light and natural finish . If the rumors are true that Skinlights has been discontinued , I have found Stila and Smashbox make similar products although I have n't tried them . They both cost much more money and I ca n't imagine they would be as good as Skinlights . Perhaps this is a ploy to alarm people into buying more product because that rumor has been going around for some time now . That was the same rumor with Ultima II 's Glowtion which was once my favorite until the price increased more than 200 % . I DO N'T THINK SO , ULTIMA !
 I absolutely love this product ! I do n't have to wear foundation , and it gives my skin a nice `` sun kissed '' glow without looking to `` bronzy '' or orange . It blends in with my skin tone perfect !
 I like it so well that this is my second bottle . I typically first apply my regular foundation and then go over it with this product -LRB- just a small amount in my T-zone -RRB- ; it works like a bronzer but better because it gives more reliable coverage -LRB- no blotchiness -RRB- . I even had a friend ask me once how I did my make-up because she said it was the exact look she 'd been trying to mimick from a magazine .
 I 've been using this product for over 5 years now . I absolutely love it . It 's very hard to find these days because most retailers do n't carry this product anymore.I use it as a foundation/sunscreen in the summer under my moisturizer . It wears incredibly well . On lazy days or beach days I throw this on with some mascara and go -- it really brightens your skin and really gives you a great glow.For everyday where I usually finish my make-up with a loose powder or powder bronzer to remove some of the shine -- becuase it is a little greasy.I have very sensative skin and this product works pretty well .
 I have used this for years.Don ' t use much . Just a touch to highlight up your skin.Lasts a long time ... good value .
 Like the other reviewer , I 've been asked countless times what fragrance I was wearing . Women just love this scent . My ex girlfriend would spray some of this on a card to keep in her purse because she loved it so much and it reminded her of me . Very flattering . I 've probably been using this over 10 years now ... this is `` my '' scent to everyone who knows me.There 's one more thing about this scent however . I get migraines easily -LRB- head injury , car accident -RRB- and I ca n't stand most any scent . Most perfume and cologne will trigger a migraine if I 'm exposed to it too long . This is one of the few scents that 's not overpowering and does not trigger a bad reaction in me . It 's a very subtle scent , yet it 's there for a long time . If you hate how much most fragrances `` stink '' this might be for you .
 Over the years I 've slowed down on buying men 's colognes , I use to own20 or more but Emporio Armani has been my favorite when I go out todinner or somewhere special . I always get a reaction wearing this , everytime someone always comments . Clean , Masculine and sexy it stays withyou all evening . Highly recommended .
 muy buen producto , excelente vendedor , entrega rapida y efectiva , me llego en excelente condiciones , agradecido por tan buen servicio prestado
 I used to buy this cologne all the time and I really have no issues with it . It still smells great . The only reason I am not giving it 5-stars is I do n't think the scent lasts all day at work . Other than that , I would recommend this cologne .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine . The price is great . One very small thing i noticed is that the bottle is not mostly glass like other bottles of cologne . Because of this , i almost thought it was not actually 3.4 ounces . this small insignificant observation may be sort of dumb ... but thats what reviews are for , right ? little comments :-RRB- . Fast shipping , smelled great . it 's the real deal .
 I was a little concerned about other user 's comments about it being counterfeit , watered down , etc. . Since it 's sold by Amazon , I decided to purchase because it 's no longer available in stores.Mine came and it 's the exact quality as my Macy 's bought bottle , which I still had some left to compare . I 'm very happy about this purchase !
 Glad to see you carry this product ca n't find in stores . I will most defiantly buy this product again . Fast service recieved product as said .
 This is the real deal Previously purchase other vendors product and it was not the real deal , The cent would not last , this last a long time even after dancing for some time . Ok to purchase from this vendor .
 My friend recommended this and I am glad I purchased this.I really like the smell and have received good compliment from several people as well.I plan to re purchase again . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this Monday night at about 10 pm . Got it Wed. at 5 . Very fast and it is legit Armoni . smells good and lasts . Excellent buy !
 Such a wonderful cologne . It makes the person smell fresh , and clean , yet sexy and young . The price of the Emporio is not to bad , and it is sure worth it . I have had my man use it for a very long time , and will keep using it . I would recomment this to anyone . . thank you
 This is a guys cologne that is n't the popular name that everyone has on their shelf so it 's easy to personalize the scent . The two best things about this product are that 1 . -RRB- it smells great and 2 . -RRB- women constantly remark that it smells great or ask what it is . What else could you want ?
 This is the only cologne I will wear . Could n't find it in stores . Very happy with service from Amazon .
 This is one of the best colognes I have ever used or smelled . Has a nice , fresh , clean and inviting smell .
 Its a very unique bottle and packing to begin with . But like all other Armani products , it is in a class of its own.The scent is not too strong , but linger and has a positve smell . I am sure , this might charm up your night ... Emporio Armani can definately command the price that it asks .
 I 've tried different scents over the last few years trying to find a signature scent . The Emporio Armani is the singular cologne that generates the most remarks from women . I get told I smell great at least 3 or 4 times a night when I 'm wearing this . I 've finally found my ` signature ' scent . Since its older - a lot of people do n't wear it so I stand out from the crowd of men all wearing the same trendy cologne !
 I ca n't even being to count the number of times I 've been asked what perfume I 'm wearing . Girls just love it ! Highly recommended .
 This by far is one of my favorite colognes I 've ever used . It smells great but it doesnt smell too much .
 There are so many lip glosses out there , but I could n't find what I was looking for until I found this . I LOVE the color , the flavor -LRB- it has a bit of a berry flavor -RRB- , and especially the SHINE ! I swear by it ! Was hard to find in drugstores and grocery stores . Thank God I found it here . Thank you AMAZON !! A +
 I just love this lipgloss ! I love the color and I love that its not sticky !
 I like neutrogena MoistureShine Gloss b/c it actually moistens ur lip unlike the other lipglosses out there ... and the colors are nice ... and applicators are very soft ... I recommend this product ...
 Igora -LRB- Schwarzkopf -RRB- Color Care Herbal Sealer is an amazing product . It 's a unique conditioning formulation containing rosemary , nettle , birch leaf and sage . Natural herbal extracts are combined to moisturize hair and prevent tangles and breakage . it is designed to gently close the cuticle and maximize color retention . The low pH is ideal for maintaining healthy and shiny hair between color services .
 If you 're like me and have naturally curly hair , but use a flat iron everyday to make it straight , you can stop your endless search for the perfect split end reducer . You 're hair will be even more luxurious if you couple it with the Phytosesame conditioner . I am so in love with the 2 products and they have transformed my hair so much that I do n't even break a sweat spending the extra money.I use both of them almost every time I wash my hair , which I now just refer to as silk . If your looking for something you can use daily without weighing your hair down and leaving it with a dull look , you MUST buy both of the products!I have n't had a bad hair day since . And , when you want to wear your hair curly -LRB- or have no choice due to humidity -RRB- this is the best shampoo to help reduce the dreaded frizz.The shampoo and the Phytosesame conditioner will leave your hair super shiny too . I honestly think once you use it , you 're search for the perfect shampoo for curly hair will finally end !
 Okay I have tried every product on the market !! Dont ask Im weird but also obsessed with finding the best product for my bleach fried hair first let me tell you that I have extremly tangly hair and most conditioners dont seem to even do the trick . However I tried this I got a sample with another purchase from beautysak.com well anyway Its the best my hair didnt feel course after using it which it usually does after any shampoo including Aveda and Pureology . i didnt even use a conditoner and OMG no tangles this is a miracle so i just ordered a liter . . HAHA you must try this its great !!!
 You only THINK it 's a kid 's scent . But this stuff is MANLY . It 's a bit citrusy , kinda spicy ... I get compliments on it all the time . Seriously , buy this . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 This is a great gloss gives your lips a wonderful shine without being greasy.I also love that it comes in a variety of colors . So you can were it alone , without or without makeup and still add a little color to your look without full make up . Also it 's great to add over my favorite lipstick!Revlon keep making great products please because so far I am a happy camper with your make up line .
 This is a great gloss gives your lips a wonderful shine without being greasy.I also love that it comes in a variety of colors . So you can were it alone , without or without makeup and still add a little color to your look without full make up . Also it 's great to add over my favorite lipstick!Revlon keep making great products please because so far I am a happy camper with your make up line .
 I love the smooth texture of this light cream eye shadow , though it can rub off pretty easily -LRB- so it will quite possibly end up creasing -RRB- . I was hoping for a bit more of a brown color , being that it 's called `` Terra , '' but this coppery color really makes my blue eyes pop without being too overwhelmingly orange . Plus , it would probably look nice with copper jewelry . Not recommended for eyes that are even remotely bloodshot , though - not attractive!Though it may end up creasing , I really do like the feel of it and will more than likely buy more colors before it is sold out everywhere . I bought this one for $ 1 - nice price !
 This is the best eye shadow ever . It goes on smoothly and really opens my eyes up . I wish they had more shades .
 First off , the scent does smell familiar.That being said , its still great.Trust me I went to the mall and they Di Gio'ed me , spritzed me with the stuff . All it did was p. . . me off.I was stuck wearing junk for the rest of the day , until I got home.If I wanted to smell like that I would have used my wifes bubble bath.Talk about GIRLY.Well atleast I know what to get her for Christmas!Anyways about this cologne , you wont have that issue here.Theres no mistaking that this is masculine , and who its made for.So if your like me , and you do n't want to share your bottle with your wifey this should do the trick .
 I was in a deployed location when i tried this out . it was a friend 's suggestion since i use issey miyake . i got a lot of compliments from this & it lasts long , it also works well when i sweat . i even had more compliments when i got back in the states . they 'll definitely ask WHAT ARE YOU WEARING cuz u 'll stand on . not the `` typical '' cologne .
 Perry Ellis colognes are among my favorite since they smell both fresh , elegant , and women like it . This Perry Ellis bundle is a great value for anyone looking for a very nice smelling cologne at an affordable price . At any retailer who sells cologne , such a product can get quite pricey . While here , for under $ 40 , you get a nice 3.4 oz . bottle -LRB- which can run for almost $ 50 on their own elsewhere -RRB- , aftershave balm , deodorant stick , and a portable cologne spray . I 'm very happy with this purchase and look forward to purchasing more from here again soon .
 My wife though that I needed to change ... so she ordered Perry Ellis Reserve for Men and I have been hooked since . I love the compliment that I receive from women and men ... They say Oh ! You smell so good ! What are you wearing . Then I say it Perry Ellis Reserve for men . I know of a number of our friends that have switched to this product because they like the masculine smell ! It 's a Man 's product . I use the set of 4 ... Eau De Toilette Spray , Aftersave Balm , Deordant Stick and a Mini Eau De Toilette spray to take with I travel . Great investment in yourself . The returns are quite pleasing !
 I use this product with continued success though I am having difficulty finding it . It covers my flaws very naturally.I am tan-olive complexioned African American .
 This is a great product ... goes on easy , covers nicely and gives skin a nice glow . Wish they still made this product !
 Smells great ! More of a evening wear.The finishing notes make it a top cologne to own.I think this is one of the best vetiver based cologne.Want to impress someone ? OWN THIS !!!!
 I read about this product online . . it is pH balanced with all natural ingredients . . I have been using it for a while now and have recommended it to friends .
 First , I 've just gotten this blow dryer yesterday , and am using it for the first time today . Compared to other dryers in this price range , several outstanding qualities are immediately apparent . - Blow dries at lower temperature , therefore does less damage to your hair . - Ionic feature indeed noticeably dries hair more quickly as water is dissipated more efficiently . - Powerful air flow fluffs hair quite well . - Useful extensions included -LRB- see product picture -RRB- . - Comfortable weight . - Reasonably priced.Some needed improvements are : - Reduce noise level ; just as loud as the other dryers . - Make the mesh cover removable for easy cleaning as experience has shown that this can be obstructed with lint over time , and cause motor to burn out . - Reduce the size to make it more maneuverable.Otherwise , this would be a 5-star product for its price .
 After sneaking into my teenagers bathroom to use the `` nice '' ionic hair dryer in there , I decided to treat myself to one . The good news is that after dealing with split ends for years and using a traditional hair dryer , I have found that my hair no longer gets split ends when I use an Ionic hair dryer . My stylist told me it 's because the ionic hair dryers put moisture into the hair whereas the traditional hair dryers dry out your hair . Time to switch ladies if you 're still using an old style hair dryer ! I also really like the three attachments that are included in the box . My only complaint is that I would prefer to have seperate heat and speed controls , and I 'm quite surprised this only had high and low settings , rather than 2 speed and 3 heat settings like most ionic hair dryers.I like the fact that this is a full size hair dryer , but if you travel a bunch you might want to try the one my teenager uses because it 's smaller and has seperate heat and speed controls : Remington D-3310 All That Speed Dry Ionic Hair Dryer
 ... HOWEVER THE SPRAY IS NOT THE 3.4 SIZE ... ITS A 1.7 WHICH HAD I KNOWN ... I MAY HAVE CHOSEN A DIFFERENT SET BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE BOTTLE ... OTHERWISE PHEROMONE IS AN EXTREMELY ROMANTIC AND SEXY FRAGRANCE ...
 I was excited to find this makeup on line . Was always buying it at Walgreens , but they dicontinued the product . It does n't `` cake up '' , like some foundations I 've tried , it 's just right , I even get compliments when I wear the skinlights .
 I love this stuff ... its so light I use it everyday . Perfect for those full makeup days as well as those `` no make up days . '' I just put alittle skinlights on with some lip gloss and I 'm ready to go ... my skin always looks great . I am so glad I can still buy this product here ... Have no idea why they would discontinue such a great product .
 I had used Revlon Skinlights Instant Skin Brightener in the past ... LOVED it ... could n't find it in any stores anymore so went on line ... was THRILLED that I could still get it ... Love it ... ordered three !!! : -RRB-
 this is a great light moisturizer that leaves the skin silky and smooth with some color and shine . no need for foundation
 I absolutly love this product and heard they discontiuned it I was heart broken ! This product is by far my must have makeup , I 've never been one to wear foundation but this product is soo light and natural looking plus the SPF it 's GREAT !!! I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Purchased two , warm light and light pink - both great plus you can mixed them for a special color of your choosing . You gals are correct Revlon is dumping this product . This definitely is a 5-STAR product . The only thing that is difficult about it is opening the cellophane Revlon seals the tube with - took forever . The tube is actually larger than it appears on screen . Nice sheen , not too much . Love the light pink . It 's a keep girls .
 I have looked everywhere for this makeup . I guess that Revlon stopped making it . I tried other makeup and hated it . This makeup is really light and the skin lighteners are great .
 I absolutely love the way Warm Light looks and feels . It 's hard to get though .
 I love this product . I use it instead of makeup and get a very smooth look with highlights . When we get older makeup seems to find our wrinkles . This product smooths everything out and makes us glow .
 Good for using as a base for your makeup . Prefer the one next to darkess on color , the golden light .
 I have come to rely on the ease of use and great outcome this product provides on the skin . My skin is no longer young and I find it works well by adding highlights and a look of misty moisture that creates the best possible effect .
 Great product ! I love this stuff and have been using it for years . It 's a discontinued item , so this is the only place I can still get it !
 I have been adding a couple drops of this to my liquid foundation for years for a light bronzed glow . It 's very light and blends well . It just gives an added `` boost '' to my pale skin so I can have that healthy look all year round . My last tube lasted forever , and I was so sad to see it has been discontinued . I have tried every bronze product out there and this one is the best !
 First read about this product when a magazine was interviewing Sandra Bullock . Asked what her secret to her glowing radiant look . This was the product that she uses to achieve the spectacular appearance . I really like the light feel and coverage . Always get compliments of how healthy my skin looks .
 Revlon Skinlights Instant Skin Brightener performs exactly as the name implies . The product is light and my skin instantly had a fresh youthful glow . Highly recommend this product for any age . Can be worn alone or over foundation .
 wonderful product ... add an instant glow to the skin and evens out the overall tone.The best one I have used so far ...
 Had a hard time finding this product but when I found it on Amazon I was extremely relieved . This product is a light weight tinted foundation which is very easy to apply . I do n't like heavy foundations and this is as lightweight as it can get . Once I put this on it does n't appear cakey or leave any uneven marks on the side of my face . Now that I have found this product , I will continue to order as long as it does n't run . Absolutely love , love it !
 LOVE this product ! I 'm so sorry I ca n't find it in any stores , but am happy I can order it through Amazon . Product came in a timely manner , sealed in original packaging and was reasonably priced . Will defnitely order this again .
 This product is great . It truly brightens your face while wearing make up . Not very heavy on the face . You would only use a small drop for the cheeks . Works very well !
 Revlon Skinlights Instant Skiin Brightener is hard to find in the shops , but it 's here on Amazon at a reasonable price ! If you give it a try , you 'll be sure to buy it again . It is an awesome `` highlighter '' that gives you the look of having had a great night 's sleep . Conider it a vacation in a tube for your complexion!While this product 's `` magic '' does give your skin a glow , it also looks quite natural , so it 's appropriate for use both for work and evening.Worth every penny !
 I have been using this product for about 6 years now . My esthetician advised me a long time ago to stop wearing foundation . She said a good concealer and some blush is all you need . She was right . I put this under my eyes , dab it in and I am good to go all day . I have large pores and oily skin and this is the best concealer I have ever used . DL
 I have worked in retail for 10 years and around some of the best make-up artist but none of them can do the magic that this little stick does !! I have some acne scars and occasional break outs but with this product no one knows but me . The fact that it blends so easily with or with out makeup or powder and is waterproof only adds to it 's greatness ! This is truly the best concealer out there and I wish more people knew of my little secret .
 I found this product on Amazon after Walgreen 's discontinued stocking it . I use it to cover a small scar on my face and can honestly say it works better than Dermablend . It gives a matte finish and blends easily . It 's also great for covering freckles or age spots . I hope they keep making this item as it works beautifully at a great price !
 I have tried many foundations and have very large pores on my nose and cheeks . Heredity I guess . I also have broken capallaries that this totally covers . I use this instead of foundation . It 's almost like a putty to fill the pores and does n't break out my skin . I 'm pleased when I 'm done using it at the look I 've achieved . Since I 'm in my late 50 's , I just barely dab it in the soft skin under my eyes . Ca n't say enough good about this .
 I always have a difficult time finding the right color -LRB- either white-out or orange -RRB- . This is wonderful on my pinky-fair skin tone . It provides enough coverage to sort out the nightmare under my eyes -LRB- circles so bad that I look like a victim of domestic violence -RRB- , yet blends well . I have issues with hormonal skin ... oily AND dry patches , so I always set this with mineral powder -LRB- faerie organics -RRB- to keep it from landing in the wrinkles around my eyes .
 This is the best cover up ever made & it is getting very hard to find it . I am 51 years old & have tried many different cover ups over the years . seller was fantastic !
 I 've been using this concealer since I discovered it in a beauty supply in LA twelve years ago . It makes your skin appear perfectly smooth and healthy . I usually cover it with a powder foundation , but I would n't need it . There is n't a blemish I 've had that this wo n't conceal beautifully .
 This is the BEST CONCEALER OUT THERE . If you are trying to hide dark circles , this product covers so thoroughly and DOES NOT fade throughout the day . After Harmon and Rite Aid discontinued selling it years ago , I 've tried over a dozen high-priced concealers , as well as lower-end makeup brand concealers , and this product is THE ONE .
 I think you could conceal a Dalmatian with My Spots are Concealed . It covers and hides scars and anything you do n't like on your face and even your hands . Great product .
 I have a couple brown spots -- like a small , really dark freckle , not a larger more spread age spot -- on my fair skin on my face . Had them forever and whenever I get photographed , usually the photographer gets rid of them in the photo . I thought it was time I cover them before the next photography session ; -RRB- It worked beautifully ! I dabbed a little on , smoothed it in , did my usual brush of a light mineral makeup and it blended well . If you get up close , you can see a little bit but not much at all.Plus , it 's cruelty-free which is why I finally took the plunge and bought it . Glad I did !
 Good enough to cover a scar . I am happy that I bought thisproduct . I will buy again . It 's a good price compared tomany other products like this one .
 I love love love this stuff . I have never found anything to work so well . It blends nicely , stays on all day , and provides a nice universal tone . It also lasts forever . My only complaint is that despite ordering the lightest shade both times , the product I received the 2nd time was noticeably darker . While its too dark to use under my eyes it still works well to even the skin tone on other parts of my face . I will try ordering one more time in the hopes that I can get a hold of the same lighter shade I originally purchased .
 I really was n't expecting much when I bought this but I should have because it completely took me by surprise on how well it worked . Its simple , easy and blends very well . It will be my permanent concealer unless I come across something better , and I am not looking .
 I am happy with my transaction and my husband loves the product . It arrived on time and in great condition .
 I wanted something was n't scented such that a man would not want to use . This is the bar . This bar creates a wonderful lather that is so clean feeling you will look forward to getting back into the shower . The smell - despite being lavender - is slightly masculine -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . The scent is so strong that it makes your whole bathroom smell wonderful as soon as you open it . It also does n't get weirdly cakey after you use it.Fantastic bar of soap .
 I 've always been a believer that memory and scent are somehow connected ... This scent is simply unforgettable . EVERY time I wear this I get compliments ! Definitly a floral scent but also has a CLEAN magnolia scent that really makes this perfume . . LUV IT LUV IT LUV IT !
 I love all Coco by Chanel products , but have had trouble finding the Gel Moussant . I am SO glad you had it !
 Good but maybe could be better.Chanel products are usually superior in smoothness and this is average good . Considering the cost , I had hoped for more .
 I 'm usually a fan of the musky cologne but its light and a different smell than I have smelled before . Hight suggest
 This is the best fresh scent ever ! I am allergic to some colognes , but this one is just perfect . A light fresh scent when my husband wears it . Hard to find in the retail stores , so glad I shop Amazon !
 I originally wore Desire by dunhill . A salesgirl asked me to test Fresh because she liked it . ever since , I wear nothing else . I receive numerous compliments on my cologne all the time . it is a very clean and fresh fragarence , the kind men Desire .
 I have completely white hair . This is a great shampoo to keep it white . It somehow brightens my white up again . It is also gentle enough that you can use it daily . My hair salon recommended it - they use it at their salon . I tried many products to try to keep the hair white . This one actually works and without all that yucky purple color many of them have . I love it .
 I am always trying new lotions . I used this faithfully after each shower throughout the cold winter . Having tried many lotions I feel this did the trick . I did not have any dry , itchy skin . It 's not greasy and absorbs well . I used it well into the following summer and still have a tiny bit left .
 Triple Lanolin Aloe Vera Lotion is the BEST hand cream I 've ever used ... just a small amount totally moisturizes your skin . It helps heal rough , chapped and cracked WINTER hands quickly without leaving a greasy residue . I was introduced to this product by my hairdresser and have n't used anything else for years .
 I have used this product for over a decade and I love it . It is smooth and creamy but not oily .
 If you 're in the pool as much as I am , you need to moisturize after every swim . The ONLY lotion that really protects my skin and makes it look healthy and smooth is Triple Lanolin Aloe Vera . Plus is has a pleasant subtle scent and people ask me , `` What IS that you 're wearing ? '' It 's so light and feminine . I just love it.The best way to use this stuff is to leave your skin wet after your shower/bath , put about four squirts in your hand and gently rub into the w-h-o-l-e body . Every inch . You 'll notice a marked improvement in the quality and texture of your skin in about a week . Other moisturizer do n't even come close to Triple Lanolin , and that 20 oz . bottle will last you months and months .
 Every once in a great while a fragrance is found that seems to exemplify the person for whom it is named . Such is the case with `` Spirit Antonio Banderas . `` Very much like the roles played by the actor this is an energetic , vital scent topped by notes of Citrus Leaves and Bergamot , underscored by Orange Tree Leaves , Florals and Cinnamon bark . Sound Latin ? It is also reminiscent of that country and culture - a bit provocative , warm , very appealing.Banderas has said , My Spanish heritage is very important to me , and in everything that I do I want to be an ambassador for Latin culture . Spirit is an invigorating , masculine fragrance that reflects a part of my personality ... `` It does , indeed.Spirit is available in a 1 oz . and 1.7 oz spray , as well as in an After Shave Balm and Shower Gel .
 I have used this shampoo and conditioner for years . -LRB- Back in the day , the shampoo was called Pliance and only the conditioner was Quench . -RRB- I could never find it after I moved to the West Coast . I had my mom ship it across the country . My hair is thick , coarse , dry and curly and this stuff works like magic . I am so glad I can order through Amazon . I like it better than Bumble and Bumble , Frederick F , Moroccan Oil , and Ouidad , none of which I probably spelled correctly . The only thing that works like it , for my hair , is Neutrogena 's conditioner . Still , I panic when I run low on my Quench . Great stuff .
 LEAVES A NICE EVEN TAN , MANY TIMES DO N'T HAVE TO WEAR FOUNDATION , JUST ROUGH AND LIPSTIX . LAST AT LEAST THREE DAYS
 This product is more even that some of the cremes out there , and no sun exposure to worry about . It 's great on body parts that do n't see the light of day . : -RRB-
 I always have problems with bronzers , because I am very fair , but these do the trick!Love the color they are small , if you do your body you will need two .
 I bought these for my daughter to use before a dance . SHe used 2 towels -LRB- she said they fell apart -RRB- but the color was very nice . She is very fair with red hair and I thought the color looked very natural . I will be using these this summer .
 I had been a regular user of tan towels , and rec 'd Comodyne towels in my stocking at Christmas - love , love them . The color is very natural and there is no odor as there was with tan towels . I 'm hooked ! Went to a wedding last week and used them on my legs , chest and face , rec 'd comments that I had a healthy glow . I used more on my legs than face and chest - and still enjoying the color .
 These towelettes are great . You know it is going to be warm tomorrow and you have to wear capris and sandals and short sleeves to work . After you shower use the wipes . Then carefully just wash the edges of your feet -LRB- where you would n't normally tan -RRB- and wash your hands well . Tomorrow you will have a nice natural tan . Do a trial when you get them , to see if you miss any spots , and the next time , you will know just how to do it .
 Received the shipment of Cashmere Bouquet soap , and I 'm happy to say that the fragrance is the same as the `` old days . '' It actually elevates my mood each time that I wash my hands . Also , the soap has a nice ergonomic shape now which makes it easier to hold .
 this soap is mild and has a nice fragrance.Very difficult to find but amazon had it !!!
 I wish the shafts were thicker and they would n't come out at times when filing
 The scent is n't overpowering , which is nice for a change . It also has just the right amount of bubbles .
 My wife loves this and was totally surprise . We have been look for this type of of product for 3years . Thank You
 I bought the 8oz White lilac shower gel and I love it . It foams up really nice and has a light smell . So it is n't overpowering . The scent does last a while on my skin but it is very light . I will be ordering a bigger size next time .
 Another `` hard to find '' item !! Right on my doorstep , thanks to Amazon!This is the best Shower gel ever!I have used it for years .
 Whenever I braid my hair , I like to use Vigorol Mousse Max Shine & Wave . It keeps my hair moisturized . It makes the braids shiny and it smells good as well . I 'll buy the product again from this seller as soon as I finish using the current bottle .
 I love this perfume . I ca n't find a replacement.This was a great price for the size I had received .
 love it . had tried to find it at local department stores . no luck . thanks for making it available online publicly
 First choice of powders , but hard to find . This powder is light and does n't clog pores . Compares to the Coty Air Spun which is my second choice of powders . Does not smell nasty like some do . Notice the ounces too ... 1.5 oz . which is a lot of powder . Double the volume of most others . Love it !
 I have been usng this eye cfream for over a year and it is amazing . It moisterizes and reduces puffiness at the same time . I sent some in a gift bag to my sister-in-law and she called me to ask where I got it . Then she told me that my brother started using it too because it got rid of the bags under his eyes .
 It work from the very first week I started using it . I use it at night and in the morning.I work late hours and I 've been having a problem with puffy eyes . This gel has really help me decrease the puffiness.I recommend it .
 Has always worked great for me ! Keeps the skin around my eyes wellmoisturized and works all day . Another plus , it does n't irritate my eyes.Helps with fine lines !!
 However after a few weeks of use , it seems to work for puffiness better than a lot of others who make the same claim.Have used several of the Robanda products and find them reliable and have seen good results which convinces me to order some of their other ones to try . The eye gel lasts quite a long time and only takes a small amount . It was purchased because of the ingredients and having prior use of this brand . I alternate using this gel with another product which seems to provide me better results than using only it every nite/day . I would recommend it to anyone with a puffiness concern . Just give it some time and do n't expect overnite miracles ! I would say it works slowly but effectively over time .
 This is a great CD that helps relax the body . I listen to it almost every night and I rarely ever get through the entire CD before I am already asleep . It has great visualization technique and creates positive energy when trying to concieve . I just wish it had a couple of different segments that I could choose from instead of hearing the same one over and over again but I would definetly recommend it : -RRB-
 Listening to it made me cry . It really makes you imagine the experience as beautiful as you can imagine it . Although it was a little too intimate to listen to except when I was alone ! It also made me cry so I reserved this for times when I would be alone . I do n't think anyone would be disappointed .
 I remember smelling this cologne one day a long time ago and I always enjoyed the scent . Not many men wear this cologne because it is a bit older , so it will be unique and can almost be your signature scent . It is not overpowering and compliments the body very nicely . I would recommend this to anyone that asked me . I bought two bottles so I will always have a backup .
 It 's very good . Very stable . Recommend its use . Has a visibly acceptable quality compared to the price , the better . Thanks
 EXCELENTE PERFUME . ES EL QUE ESPERABA . LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES A VENEZUELA . NO DUDARE EN VOLVERLO A PEDIR . LO RECOMIENDO .
 I really like this blush . Goes on easily -- with a light sweep of the brush . Not much is needed for a shimmery glow !
 My hair is thick , dry , razor cut and color treated . I never thought it would be soft and shiny again until I used this product . I am actually thinking I will be able to grow it out gracefully now . It is not greasy and does not weigh my hair down . I 'm 50 + , so if it works for me , it would be phenomenal for anyone !
 I love how it very easily takes off all of my makeup quickly . The only drawback is you feel you have to wash your face afterwards -LRB- which I do anyway regardless of the product -RRB- so I do n't mind . But I really love this product . I just bought it again .
 Discovered this product years ago , while on a trip to Germany . Love the scent.However , they never exported it to the USA , at that time.Managed to obtain some , from time to time , through German sources , but very pricy and high shipping costs.Finally , this vendor is offering it at a very reasonable price . Life is good !
 I will never use any other product but this one for the rest of my life !
 If you would like to feel an invigorating face mask/scrub you should definetly try this product . After washing my face with it I feel very refreshed and it prevents acne from appering on my face .
 This product works well ... is a must-buy . Oil-free , it helps cleanse the skin effectively quick . If available in an air-line travel size , I think more would buy it . It 's worth the money .
 Ugh ! I had stocked up ages ago and am finally running out . SO incredibly disappointed to learn it 's been discontinued ! Why , Neutrogena , WHY ?! And what am I going to use now ?!
 I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT THIS PRODUCT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED !! THIS IS THE ONLY PRODUCT THAT I HAVE EVER FOUND THAT CAN KEEP MY SKIN CLEAR , SMOOTH AND DOES N'T IRRITATE IT OR HAVE AN OBNOXIOUS SMELL . IF THIS WAS STILL IN PRODUCTION I WOULD BUY A CASE OF IT -- THAT 'S HOW WELL IT WORKED !! OH , WELL -- MAYBE THE MANUFACTURER WILL SEE THIS REVIEW AND BRING IT BACK ! ONE CAN ONLY HOPE !!
 I used this in combination with the Earth Mama Angel Baby Labor Companion CD . They compliment each other very well . I had planned a natural birth in the hospital and was still almost a month out when my OB told me I was going to be induced . I listened to the Getting Labor Started CD throughout the night and come morning she was willing to let my natural labor progress ! It progressed so well that by the time I had noticable contractions and began the Natural Labor Companion CD it was only four hours until my daughters birth . My sons delivery was very fast , only one hour thanks to the Getting Labor Started and Natural Labor Companion !
 I 've been using different kinds of mud/clay mixtures for years to diminish blemishes , and cleanse pores . However , none of the ingredients in those have ever compared to this ! This is totally natural , and there 's so many wonderful Indian/Ayurvedic herbs in this !! I was reading about the benefits of using Amalaki/Indian Gooseberry on your face ; and after some research , I learned that it 's a wonderful source of vitamin C -LRB- antioxident -RRB- , that also comes in supplement form . That 's actually how I found this product -LRB- after searching Amalaki on VitaCost -RRB- . After reading some of the reviews , and going over the product list , I thought I 'd give it a try.Well , tonight was my first application , which I applied to my face , and part of my neck . The directions say to keep the mud wet , so I did . It has a cooling feeling ; very pleasant . The fragrance is very interesting , but not offensive in the least ! I left it on for about a half hour , and rinsed off . The end result , is that it did n't overly dry my face like some other mud/clay mixtures . It gave me a nice light rosy glow -LRB- and a more even complexion -RRB- , and my skin felt soft !! I still had some left over , so after the initial rinse off , I used a little bit as spot application . The previous carbon mask I was using will now be replaced with this -LRB- it 's actually more economical too -RRB- !!! I will be sure to make a note if anything changes ; but my first impression is that I absolutely love it !!
 I 've used Auromere Mudbath before ... it 's awesome !! Your skin will thank you . It smells good and everything is self contained . Highly recommend .
 This is the best mask I have ever used ! It is very rejuvenating and refreshing.I use it as a face wash I just mix with a little water in my palm and rub on face in shower.If I want a face mask I either mix it with rosewater or milk.It is very cleansing but not at all drying.I have very sensitive skin and this is very soothing it has not ever irritated my skin . I have used it over a year now
 Comes in powder form , which you mix with water to a mud consistency . A little goes a long way .
 The color is very pretty and the fixation is good too . The packaging is very pretty . I am satisfied with the purchase .
 Reminds me very much of Clinique product -LRB- &#34; touch base &#34; -RRB- , but soothing , does n't dry out and lasting color . I use it as a base for eye shadow or in place of it for just a touch of color .
 I am very pleased that this product has not made my skin dry or itchy . I use it at night after cleansing my face with Aqua Glycolic . The price is very reasonable . I do try to avoid getting in on my cheeks for fear it will irritate my skin there as I have rosacea .
 After nursing along my last tube of Neutrogena 's discontinued `` Clear Pore '' night time gel for ages , I decided to try this as a substitute . It 's the same medicine -LRB- salicylic acid -RRB- in the same amount -LRB- 2 % -RRB- and works in a similar way . Comparatively it 's cons are
 I have been using this product for years and cant live without it ! I apply it to my face every morning and it makes my skin soft and smooth . Lotion has a tendency to be greasy , but this product never makes my face feel greasy or dried out . Love it !!!!!
 Works great ! This is definitely the product I 've been looking for . My skin is so smooth and it really helps to clear up any acne or pimples .
 I used to use this product before it was discontinued in the UK . It was the only product that de-frizzed my hair without making it gloopy or greasy like other products . I 'm not after the ` wet ' look like the previous reviewer , just healthy manageable hair , and this worked wonders.I have just placed an order for some more having not been able to find it for nearly 5 years , so I hope it still works as well as I remember.There do appear to be a number of sellers of the product online , but sadly though it does appear to have been discontinued as Vitalis have revamped their whoel product line .
 I have tried every single hair product -LRB- from pomades to gels to hair sprays -RRB- for that `` day long wet , non greasy look '' and at the same time not make a fibre of your hair . Ever since i started using Vitalis Hair Tonic i never had to look back . Now i really hunt for it -LRB- even when i am outside the US and make sure i get it shipped to where i am . Just ca n't live without it . I am not the one who believes in external applications giving you a healthy hair , but ever since i started using this product , my hair feels a lot healthier and i got rid of my pre-mature hair greying problem . Not sure if its related to this external usage but i dont have a singe strand of grey hair now . Best part is the feeling on the scalp after i apply it . It leaves a lasting moist feeling on my v.dry scalp . One product that really worked for me . I hope it doesnt get discontinued due to lack on publicity -LRB- hence iam writing this review : - -RRB-
 I have used this product for 45 years and was surprised that it is not easily obtained in local stores . I have used -LSB- ... -RSB- for items not easily obtained and will continue to use them because their website is easy to navigate and consumer friendly .
 A bottle of this perfume was left at our home by a guest . I have looked all over for it , finally ordering through Amazon . Order arrived promptly .
 I LOVE this stuff !!! I 've suffered from the skin condition Keratosis Pilaris -LRB- KP -RRB- my entire life , and absolutely nothing would make my skin silky smooth . I 've been prescribed a million different things by dermatologists and have tried almost every lotion known to man , and still could n't get rid of my rough sandpapery - feeling skin.I went straight to Whole Foods to try and find something a bit more natural than steroids to help relieve a flare up of excema I was having . My mother told me that Aveeno always worked great for me when I was a kid , so I just grabbed the nearest colloidial oatmeal lotion I could find.I was literally dumbfounded by this stuff . My skin has NEVER felt this soft , it was pretty instantaneous after applying this lotion . Now I 'll never buy another brand of lotion , or use any kind of steroids . Customer for life , and all-natural to boot !
 Nature 's Gate makes a lot of these , but I love this one the best . First , it has zero smell - perfect if you have any allergies to smells . Secondly , use it in the morning and it lasts all day . I use it on my face , neck , bald head , and it even works well to hold what little hair I have left down all day . It 's the best facial moisturizer I have ever used . As you use it , it may get too thick as you get down half way . If so , add a little water , shake well , and it wil dispense fine . sometimes when pumping it , you get a little hardened bit which needs to be discarded , but other than that , I love it .
 I first started using Collodial Oatmeal Lotion that I purchased at Trader Joe 's but they no longer carry this lotion so I went to Amazon.com to see if I could buy Collodial Oatmeal Lotion from them . I was thrilled to find this product at Amazon.com and the price was right . I received my lotion in just a few days . It really is the best moisturizing lotion around . I would recommend this Collodial Oatmeal Moisturizing Lotion to everyone . This lotion does not leave your hand greasy but it leaves it so very soft . I will never buy any other lotion but this Collodial Oatmeal Lotion .
 I bought this on a whim , and boy was I thrilled with the result . I have dry color treated hair and this product made it feel like silk in my hands .
 This perfume attracts women . They come and say
 Mane 'n Tail 's products were originally developed for horses . Horse owners reported seeing `` significant improvement in the health and appearance of their horses ' manes and tails . '' The improvement in their animals ' hair prompted horse owners to try the shampoo out on themselvesThis shampoo moisturizes and helps to prevent breakage . It also comes without the sticky and unhealthy residue that many other shampoos leave behind . All Mane 'n Tail leaves behind is clean , healthy hair.The shampoo cleaned my hair without leaving it dry and brittle.This is a good quality shampoo and conditioner without all the chemicals that other products tend to have .
 A great shampoo and great for repairing hair damage . I used this to help my hair grow after making the bad choice of cutting my hair . I think in the time I used this shampoo my hair grew an extra 1/4 of an inch compared to what it would have without it.If you 're trying to make your hair grow I highly recommend looking into this and kombucha tea for hair growth . It smells great ! But not too feminine or perfumey . And therefore all of the men in the house used it too . : -RRB-
 This was a nice surprise since I usethe Conditioner for years!I recommend to all hair types.Good service from Seller as well ...
 I 'm glad I found this great product line ! I want to grow out my shoulder length hair and help it along , so I searched online for a product that would moisturize and prevent split ends . I typically hate having to try new shampoos , as my hair typically feels `` heavy '' and `` tangled '' , not to mention the costly , when I have tried various brands -LRB- Pantene and Fructis -RRB- in the past.I was also afraid of the scent , since I have a sensitive sense of smell , but I was pleasantly surprised by the `` neutral '' scent . I have been using the shampoo and conditioner for a few weeks now -LRB- every other day -RRB- and love the soft feel and the great shine of my hair . I have n't had issues with managability like some others have mentioned and I have wavy , thick , coarser hair . I also purchased and have used the `` Mane 'n Tail Moisture Enriched Hair Strengthener '' each time I have washed my hair -LRB- which smells like oatmeal to me , but is not off-putting -RRB- . I have found the shampoo and conditioner in a local store , but have yet to find the Hair Strengthener locally . Definitely recommend !!
 I 've been using this shampoo for about a week and my hair looks pretty awesome now , it 's shinier -LRB- not greasy -RRB- , and looks fuller . I 've been having issues with shampoos because I keep having irritation with them -LRB- even all natural ones -RRB- and so far I 've had no issues with this shampoo . I have also been looking for a good hair thinking shampoo because my hair has thinned drastically over the last 4 months -LRB- really randomly -RRB- so I 've tried many shampoos and they usually make my hair look flat or greasy , but this actually helps mask a lot of the thinned areas . Hoping to continue with my luck with this shampoo and after a month or two I will update my review , either raising or lowering it 's rating . Till them so far so good .
 Fast shipping , product is as described . A gret shampoo for cleaning your hair while keeping it moisturized . I would recommend for curly hair any curl pattern .
 I just got it this week . I noticed the difference after one use . The hair feels thicker and manageableThis is the 3rd time . I can really feel the differenceMy hair is not greasy at all . I am very happy with this productI have rcommended to my friends
 So Ive been using this shampoo for a while now , and I Love it , part from just switching up shampoos now and a again , I will not use another . I have biracial , sun damaged hair . I work and live on the ocean . This shampoo smells wonderful and removes the residue from my hair like no other ! Along with this shampoo I use an Aveda Conditioner , as I do not like using the entire line of any product -LRB- i feel like this can do more damage , because of the repetitive ingredients -RRB- . You can not however just use this shampoo , because like i said , it removes residue -LRB- being made for horses , its amazing at cleaning -RRB- , the hair does feel like straw after using , therefore you need a really good moisturizing conditioner . Aveda and Garnier Fructis work well with this shampoo . Amazing product . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who wants clean hair !
 I have to admit this was a joke to my wife and I when I first ordered as she is a professional beautician by trade . She cringed at the site of this stuff in the Amazon box , but I have really dry hair and I thought I 'd give the Mane a try . What do you know , this is n't half bad , maybe in fact really good stuff . I notice my hair has some shine to it after using it and has a healthy clean feeling . Its a strangely blue looking liquid and the bottle looks like it came from the pet store , but it works at a price that does n't hurt the wallet too much.Pros - Seems to provide good moisturizing and cleaning , atleast as good if not better than a lot of salon products costing 3x the priceCons - None that I can think of
 My friend told me this product worked , so I wanted to give it a try . It was a little costly , but it works very , very well !
 Does this dog shampoo make your dog 's hair grow fast or slow cause i have heard that it does and that it dosnt ? And i only bought it to make my hair grow fast for homecoming . Works best for pets .
 I just used the shampoo and conditioner for the first time one my Daughters Hair , and this stuff is amazing ! makes it shiny and so soft.And it smells so good . : -RRB- GIVE IT A TRY
 Keeps hair soft and managable I love it you know after using it regularly u do n't need relaxers . Just wash and deep condition
 I am Korean with coarse asian hair and it was getting a bit unruly . I 've tried Pantene , L'oreal , Garnier , Dove , Organix , Herbal Essence , and my hair looked like a rats nest . I would brush it and it needed brushed again in 5 minutes . I had a Thai friend recommend this shampoo . She said it made her hair smooth and silky . I was skeptical but I thought `` what the heck '' . Well , I am re-ordering the shampoo and conditioner . Enough said !
 A definite upgrade from your old shampoo !!! Makes hair so soft and lucious !!! Helps damage , but do n't know about it promoting growth . Trust me , make the switch !!
 I know I might sound crazy , but it 's only been a week since I bought this shampoo , and it looks like my hair is longer ! It 's also made my hair softer and smells awesome !!
 I got this shampoo at Ross for two dollars which is a lot cheaper than what they have it here for so I think that 's a little unreasonable . There is NOTHING wrong with the shampoo ! I have mild oiliness in my hair so I wanted a product that would take the extra oil out and leave my hair soft , smooth , and shiny . I was intrigued to buy this because I see tons of ads for this and many people I know say it 's great . My hair is now very easy to manage and sleek . AWESOME!Warning
 GREAT shampoo ! cant find it in stores nearby , works as advertised . Cleans hair without the dry feeling other shampoos leave . Can even use it on animals as well .
 I was looking for something to really clean my scalp/hair without drying it out too much . I tried Fekkai Apple Cider Shampoo , Bumble & Bumble Sunday Shampoo , Aveda Sun Care ... but Mane 'n Tail did so much more for my hair . It feels exceptionally clean , shiny , SO soft & is so much easier to style . I have medium length , color treated , wavy hair - the color has not faded at all & it smells great . I also noticed that when blow drying , my hair does n't break off like it used to . It is much healthier & because of that , feels like it grows faster . I did notice a strange urge to gallop & jump fences , but that 's probably normal ... just kidding . Try this shampoo & condition - you wo n't be disappointed !
 I have had long hair , short hair , mohawks , dreadlocks , been every color that you could possibly dye your hair . Lots of extreme hair styles , and I have learned a few things about hair products.I learned about Mane n Tail when I was trying to grow my hair long really fast . Someone claimed this would help speed up the process . While I must say , this is no miracle drug , it does seem to help stimulate growth . Taking Biotin and using tea tree oil , it was a winning combo and helped me grow about 1/2 -3 / 4 inch of hair each month.This shampoo smells great and really gives you a refreshing clean feeling . It does n't leave my hair feeling greasy or damaged but soft and managable . A lot of salons HATE this stuff with a passion and make all kinds of outrageous claims against it . Thats because they want to sell you a lesser amount of product for 2 , 3 , maybe 4 times as much ! Mane n Tail works and they know it . I had one lady say `` Oh my god , it actually stretches out the hair and breaks it off ! '' Really lady ? Is that why I 'm putting on an inch every 2 months and it has n't gone anywhere ? Is that why I have no split ends ?! What causes hair damage is salon grade crap with all the harsh chemicals and residues.I swear by Mane n Tail conditioner and shampoo . It has really taken care of my hair , I have seen the fruits of using it , and I think its great . Its even good as pet shampoo , so you actually kill 2 birds with this stuff if you have dogs , horses , whatever .
 It 's funny how the best things on earth often started out with another purpose in mind . Obviously horses benifited from this item before people did.It leaves your hair soft , clean , and it smells great .
 My mom use to use it on my hair while I was growing up . But as we get older we tend to listen to the media and our friends ... when I took over my own head my hair broke off . . Im in the process of growing it back when I came across youtube videos about this product . . and I automatically reconize it ! Ive been using it for about half a year or less and my hair has not only grew out ... its not thin anymore ! its very thick ... my new growth comes in extremely thick and can get out of control if not kept properly ... I can now put my hair in a full ponytail ! Im so excited ! give me to the end of this year to get it to touch the tip of my shoulders !!!! WILL UPDATE !
 D -- > This hair care product left my hair feeling wonderful and silky . I would STRONGLY recommend this to anybody , horse enthusiast or not . This product is worthy of one with b100 b100d such as myself .
 I may be jumping the gun with this review , but I was so excited and I wanted other people to know ! First , some background . My hair is thick , coarse , dark , wavy . It 's really not bad . BUT , it must always be styled . I do n't have hair that can just be washed and air dried . It ai n't happenin ' . And lately , my hair has been less than willing to be corralled into an acceptable style . Seriously , I think my hair staged a revolt . I wanted some serious results - soft , thick , luxurious , silky hair . Which brought me to amazon and then I started some research . I happened upon Mane 'n Tail shampoo and conditioner and liked what I was reading , not to mention the price was fabulous . I do n't discriminate ... I have purchased expensive or inexpensive hair products . Not that price is no object to me , but I just cared mostly if it worked and gave me the result I was looking for . If a hair product is a little pricey , I justify if it works amazingly.Last night , I tried my new bottles of Mane 'n Tail Deep Moisture shampoo and conditioner and WOWWWWWWWW was I impressed.First , the smell was nice . Light and fragrant , but nothing cloying or cheap-smelling . The consistency was just right and so was the lather . -LRB- I know some people are all about the lather , it could n't bother me in the least if it lathered or did n't . -RRB- It also rinsed well . None of this squeaky clean business . But I did n't rejoice yet . I had to see how this actually blow dried out . A dime of Kerastase Ultime Elixir and about ten minutes with the blow dryer and round brush and WOW . I am a believer . TRY this . You wo n't be sorry !
 I switch around with shampoo and conditioner a great deal . It 's one way to prevent build-up , and besides -- it 's kind of fun to try new stuff.Mane 'n Tail Shampoo Deep Moisturizer is one that did n't start to leave residue after weeks of daily shampooing . It has a wonderfully fresh smell , works well on damaged and color-processed hair , and the price is right .
 I had been told years ago to try this shampoo for my daughter . I finally did and am surprised at the results . Her hair is thin but a lot of it , it tangles easily but this shampoo is great . Results are smooth , silky hair , less tangles . I expected it to smell like medicine , it does not . My daughter 's hair is the length of her back , it gets trimmed , donated to `` locs of love '' and she grows it again .
 I really like this shampoo a LOT ! They talked about it making your hair grow faster . I laughed at that at first , but not anymore . It actually `` does '' seem to make it grow faster . It makes my hair feel and look great ! I have naturally curly hair and it tames the fuzz and brings out the curls more . It does n't weigh your hair down . They `` only '' complaint that I have is it does n't lather real well , and that 's why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 . It takes quite a bit of the shampoo to make a decent lather . Otherwise , great shampoo ! I am going to try the conditioner next .
 I really like this shampoo and have used it for many years . What 's more is you can use it on your pets . I have two dogs .
 I found this at the King Sooper Grocery store!This made it easier to try . It was also a lower price .
 My hair grows very quickly - I routinely grow it out to my waist , donate it to Locks of Love and then start over again . Because I know the hair needs to be very sturdy , I try to take good care of it and wash it with something that is gentle but does its job well.I also seem to get allergic reactions to some shampoos - which is odd because in general I do n't think I 'm allergic to anything else . There are several shampoos I 've tried which make my skin tingly and sensitive . I 've therefore been hunting for a shampoo / conditioner pairing that does not cause a reaction.I heard from two different people that I should definitely give the Straight Arrow Mane and Tail Shampoo a try . This is sold in large containers at many discount stores , as it 's literally meant for horses . These people said that it worked wonderfully well for their own hair as well.At least where I have found it , it only comes in a large size which is unwieldy to manage in a shower . I realize its large size is great for washing large horses - but for us small humans , it 's a bit large to hold . The pouring spout is on the small size , so holding the heavy container upside down and squeezing it to get the liquid out is also tricky . I would have to take off the main lid and pour out a portion into a smaller container.The liquid itself is a pearlescent white color and is rather thick . I found it quite odd that the shampoo was thicker than the conditioner ! Usually a shampoo is relatively thin so it can work into all the nooks and crannies and get the dirt off . With the thickness of this shampoo it 's less good at getting into every area.Now , that all being said , I did n't have any reaction to this shampoo at all , and it does seem to get hair clean . I 'm not sure how you can really `` judge '' shampoos other than it leaving residue or not leaving residue . This does a good job without leaving a thick residue . And it 's cheap , sold in large volumes.I could see someone buying the large containers , pouring it out into smaller ones and using those . It 's a great frugal way to keep your hair clean . That 's just a lot of work for me for something that seems too thick . I have several other options I use instead which are thinner , come naturally in smaller containers and do a good job cleaning . So as much as I think this is a cool idea , and perfect for some , I do n't use this myself now .
 After having my first child a year and a half ago - I have not found the time to lay out for a healthy dose of Vitamin D , and we moved to a neighborhood with no pool . Needless to say , my summer tan was in need of a boost ! I bought this product -LRB- for a lot more money ! -RRB- at a convenience store . The skin prep is amazing - the beads really do help exfoliate , and leave your skin soft -LRB- I even use it on days when I do n't apply the self tanner -RRB- . Since the tanning product is more of a mousse , it is light and SUPER easy to apply evenly -LRB- just make sure you stand in front of a mirror and do n't miss any spots ! -RRB- . The scent is a little bit noticeable , but not nauseating like some . Lastly , the face tanner/bronzer looks super-natural , too . I was actually able to apply my make up on top of the bronzer , and when I washed my face , I still had that glow.The only drawback is that the tan does n't last much more than 3 days . But with the easy application , it 's no hassle to touch up arms and legs once a week . I should mention that I already have medium complexion - so I ca n't speak for you fair skinned folks out there !
 This kit was such an incredible value . I purchased it through Amazon on 6/20/07 , and the cost then was only $ 6.38 . I thought I 'd buy another , but was not surprised to see a triple cost increase.The face lotion is smooth , easy to apply , and has no distinguishable scent . The body foam is a little more difficult . You require many swipes to apply it evenly . For each bit you get out -LRB- one squeeze -RRB- applies only inches worth of tanning lotion . I also had a bit of trouble getting it off the palms of my hands -LRB- only a couple of minutes on -RRB- . It does dry incredibly quick , so this might be why.Overall this is a great value and works well . I would buy it again .
 I have tried every brow powder , pencil , tint known to womankind and I have never found one that I truly loved the look of . I have tried all of these because I am an eyebrow fanatic ! I think if your eyebrows are not neat , then do n't bother with the rest of your makeup routine . Your eyebrows bring your whole look together . Anyway , I read about this product in a magazine and decided to give it a whirl and it 's the best product I 've ever purchased . I purchased the brow set in Pewter and I mix the two colors together . They are kind of dark , but my natural hair color is medium brown so it works . If my hair were any lighter I would have to get the blonde -LRB- which I am still considering purchasing -RRB- , but for now what I have works excellent . The color is great , the wax keeps my eyebrows in place and I could n't be happier . I know it 's just makeup , but it makes my day , every day .
 I dye my hair red . In order to get my eyebrows to match I have found this is my go to product !! I love it !
 I love this perfume i 've used it for a while and many people complement it when i wear it . i would recommend it to those who want a girly but light scent . I like that the smell does n't go away like others do . Most of the time you keep smelling yourself and you never get tired of it .
 awesome smelling . always have compliments . Great stuff . . I would buy again and again.not to strong but it stays with u
 I really like Britney Spears ' fragrance line . All perfumes have a nice sophisticated smell . I definitely recommend this one especially , amazing smell
 This is a sweet smell and I like it but it is very overpowering . I only put the lotions on my arms and one spray on me and it could give me a headache at times . Go easy on this stuff .
 I 've worn Fantasy for nearly 4 years now and I 've gone through bottles upon bottles . This was the best price I 'd ever found for the set . I had no idea it came in the 3.3 oz bottles ! Extremely excited about that :-RRB- . I 'll be ordering again very soon .
 This was a great Christmas gift ! Scents are mild and sweet . Gift set was priced great comparable to perfume alone .
 This makes a great present . I bought this gift package for a friend she loves the Fantasy by Britney Spear , she has about use all of it up since I bought it for her . What I liked about this gift package you get a lot for a good price .
 Hi ! The Fantasy by Brittany Spears combo collection is great ! You bathe with the shower gel , put on lotion after you 're out , put on the perfume andFantasy by Britney Spears for Women , Set -LRB- Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ounce , Body Lotion 3.3 Ounce , Shower Gel 3.3 Ounce -RRB- it 's ON ! Great stuff !
 This was a request for our daughter as a Christmas gift . She likes the product so we wanted to get something that was wanted .
 All a Britney 's fragrance make me feel like I am floating on clouds . Has n't made a bad scent yet in my opinion and always recieving tons of compliments . highly recommended !
 Wonderfull , I like the product is sweet but not strong , and it was really great price for the hole set , big size . cheaper than other stores , and fast delevery .
 An excellent deal for quality merchandise . The item was delivered timely with adequate packing and beautiful presentation in a coordinating box .
 The product arrived at the locker in Miami , Florida in the estimated time , still have not received it in my country as it is in office , however everything perfect .
 Then I started sing because smells so good ... Just like heaven no kidding ... and the cream so good ... this article is perfect for a gift too .
 my girlfriend loves it . and i love it on her . we both win . great scent , great product , great price . go for it
 For who loves this parfum , certainly will love this kit . I can not say a lot of things about that once everyone can like or dislike some kind of parfum . For me ... it is a great gift .
 Great product ! Came just as described and more ! It has lotion , perfume , shower gel , and bath bubbles . Love this product !
 Muy bueno , para que la mujer quede con un olor y una fragancia muy agradable y seductora para el hombre
 If you are familiar with consumer level Wahl , Homedics , Remington or Philips clippers -LRB- the kind you 'd find at Walmart , Target or department stores -RRB- , these will surpass your expectations in every way.I was looking for an upgrade for an old pair of cordless clippers that I use to cut my own hair . I selected these because of the small footprint with full sized clipper blades . I 'm not a professional stylist , but I wear an relatively short ivy-league style hair cut . These hold a good charge , have fast moving blades and remove hair amazingly well . I was used to making dozens of passes -LRB- from every direction -RRB- with my old clippers to ensure that I got all stray hairs . These clippers cut everything evenly in about 3 passes . My old tapered guards -LRB- from an old set -RRB- fit this for my ears . And I was able to use 4 & 6 guards for the sides and top.Another bonus with this set is the number of small guards . It comes with a 1/2 guard -LRB- 1/16th of an inch ? -RRB- and a 1 & 1/2 guards . -LRB- 3/16ths ? -RRB- Due to the size and shape of these , I also easily use them to trim back body hair -LRB- chest , arms , legs -RRB- . The handle is easy to grip from a variety of positions that one would use when trimming their own hair.This device is obviously designed for professionals , but I 'm extremely happy for the amateur uses I put it to . I figure it will pay for itself within 3-4 hair cuts , and I intend to cut my hair more frequently because this is so efficient and easy to use.I would recommend these clippers to anyone with a small family or a backroom shop where the clippers can charged periodically . I honestly have no idea how long the charge lasts , and I will likely never use them long enough in one sitting to find out . I just know it 's light , easy to maneuver , and excellent at all angles . I 'd recommend them to professionals to , but I do n't think I have the basis or experience to make such a recommendation .
 I have had these for over six months now and cut my wife 's hair every month and have had no problems at all with them , they cut very well when used with the clipper over comb cutting , and also work great with snap on combs . I have owned both Andis Master and Oster 76 and neither do as good a job cutting my wife 's hair as these do !! I just hope the battery last a while before replacement . I like the cordless clippers because they are much easier moving around the chair and not having to worry about getting tangled up in clipper cords !
 I LOVE these clippers . They are so light and easy to use . I 've actually been looking forward to my clipper cut clients since getting these ... and the cuts have been turning out better than what I 've done on my Oysters!I ca n't wait to get all the other fun and interesting blades that go with it . I definitely recommend these .
 This sunblock has a good scent and it a lit bit greasy . As all sunblocks sand will stick to your face.I previously had one that had a citrus scent but it was a different Neutrogena bottle . I definitely buy this the citrus smelling one again.This particular one has a fresh scent.I would recommend this product and actually all Neutrogena sunblocks because it does n't smell like sunblock . But if you find the citrus scent one , I would recommend that one more but it 's in a smaller bottle .
 This one gets the job done . I have been using it over at elast a year now , I like ir . It is rounded-edged , sharp enough to be both effective and safe .
 Extremely sharp , safe , and a jewel to use . This is a product well worth the cost . I also purchased other Seki Edge products and each and every one of them are well worth the extra bucks for their superior performance . Stop buying those $ 2.98 bargains at your local supermarket and get something where you will be truly thankful for its excellent functionality .
 This product does a great job making the eyes look brighter and younger , and does n't cake into wrinkles nearly as much as lower quality products . You also only need to use a tiny amount to get this effect . Will definitely be a repeat customer .
 This under eye concealer is the best . Went on smoothly and does not show wrinkles . Blends in beautifully . Have purchased this over and over and always pleased with the product .
 I have medium-colored skin so I purchased the Luminous Honey . It was a perfect match and it concealed some unsightly discolorations on my face . For my dark circles , well , let 's just say it was not what I had hoped for . It helped a little , but I guess I was looking for something more magical that would get rid of the dark areas altogether.I 'm ordering this again , but I 'm going to get a lighter color . Most reviewers are saying tones # 1 or # 2 work best for dark circles . I 'm a little hesitant because I have medium-colored skin , but I 'm going to give it a shot and I 'll review that experience soon .
 I have used Yves Saint Laurent Touch&eacute; Luminous Radiance for five years , and I would not be without . I do n't have dark circles under my eyes , but this provides coverage and luminosity for that area . I use it on both sides of my nose , my chin and upper lip . It is the most remarkable product . I have tried many products to cover imperfections , but this really is the best . It is light , not heavy , glides on , under and over make-up , which ever you prefer.I used to purchase this product on a TV Selling show , but they stopped carrying it . Amazon is the best reference point for any product that you might need , and if you become a prime member you have free second day shipping.One important point in using this product is that you need to pump the chamber 30 times at least for the product to appear . Use it lightly wherever you feel you need coverage . You will not be disappointed . I have given this to my two daughters and they also love it.Highly Recommended . prisrob 08-02-12Yves Saint Laurent La Nuit De L'homme Eau de Toilette SprayThe Private World of Yves Saint Laurent and Pierre Berge
 It 's OK , not so good for dark circles under the eyes But I like it for highlighting
 This is great stuff , very creamy , and gives just the right highlight without being shimmery , will continue to buy it .
 This concealer works really well . It does reduce the appearance of dark circles . I 've used many , many concealers over the years and have found this to be the best .
 I do n't know what magic this pen has - but , it certainly lives up to all the hype . It 's really easy to use and makes your face really smooth out and has a luminescent effect.I recommend it highly .
 This is the best undereye concealer I have tried , and I have tried most of them . As far as high-end products go , this one is the best . Easy to apply , leaves no cakiness and the color almost always matches . If you 're considering an undereye concealer , this one is definitely worth a try ...
 I have always disliked my dark undereye area . I did n't use concealer though because I dislike even more the chalky embalmed look I see on so many women . But hope springs eternal , and I tried this . LOVE IT ! I really am amazed . I did one eye only just to see the contrast and it 's dramatic . Yipppeeee!Now I 'm using it on both eyes ; - -RRB-
 Absolutely fabulous !!!!!! I consider it indispensible . Lasts all day long , even when I am really tired . I think I might like it in a small jar instead of the pen style , though so you can see how much you still have .
 This product puts light wherever you need it and does not settle in fine lines on your face . Terrific !
 i use this as a concealer , it says highlighter but I wonder if that 's the same as concealing . Well , it 's very nice , slim design , and I like the fact that I only pump out the amount I need . mess free !
 I have been using this product for years , and it is far and away the best product I have ever found for under-eye brightening . I love it !
 I love this product . The application brush is all you need because the cream is so light and easy to blend - it 's like you 're not wearing anything , but you just look better . I 'm hooked !
 This handy little wand can brighten your face and help hide creases and flaws in seconds . It goes on bare skin or over any makeup as a quick finisher - a great way to hide lack of sleep . I love the delivery system in the pencil-like tool . Its about all you need to carry in your purse for touch-ups .
 Love it on my skin , but it feels a little dry when I put it on sometimes.It hides rides and furs . Would reccomend this .
 I had a makeover done once in Dallas , and the cosmetologist used this in two color levels -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- . It is a really beautiful product . You can go to the drugstore and buy something cheaper but this is one product that has the subtlety that makes it worth the price . Kind of like fine undergarments -- no one can see them but they fit better and make you look better .
 WOW ! I love it !!! Great for highlighting around the eyes , the nasal bridge , and brow bones . Does not contain a lot of much if any at all shimmer so the look is very subtle .
 This product really lives up to the hype . Stop spending the $ 8 here , the $ 10 there and consider this an investment - in yourself . I am very picky when it comes to make-up -LRB- all `` products '' -RRB- but this is really great . Just do it - you wo n't regret it . In fact you 'll ask yourself why you waited so long . Plus a little goes a long way .
 I first bought this on British Airways 5 years ago and the on and off use of it made it last 3 years . I mainly recommend it for the pump brush tip . The beauty of the makeup though is that it 's inbetween a concealor and a highlighter making it multiply useful .
 I went to a local sephora , looking actually for a pimple scar concealer . A helpful personelle helped me try on a dozen or so product , this was the last on the list , as it was the most expensive , but as soon as it was on , i knew it was the right product . It is said to only have `` medium coverage '' , more makeup than concealer - but the liquid from the brush tip went on very smoothly , and blends very well with a regular concealer brush -LRB- small tip -RRB- . I do not use makeup and the look did not require additional foundation . After the product came down -LRB- about 30 clicks initially -RRB- , you only need one click for enough product to cover a half centimeter area . It is easily cleaned by makeup remover and my skin is not breaking out further which is a plus . I like the slightly brightened , natural look , the brush tip is soft and easy to clean . Overall , great for the bang of the buck , would not mess with the cheaper stuff .
 It really does work to brighten and lighten areas on the face and also under the eyes . Worth the price !
 I have used this product for years , Wonderful to use around the eyes . Do not like to be without it . Lights up your face !!
 I have been looking for a great , light-weight cover up for quite some time now . I absolutely love this one ! It goes on very easy with the brush and then I just blend with my fingertips . It stays on all day and really does brighten my skin without making me look shiny . I would highly recommend this product to all of my friends .
 This product is amazing . I read a lot of fashion magazines and all the celebrities raving about this product . This is really great product . It 's mainly used as a highlighter , that 's how YSL advertises it . This product is not gon na make you happy if you are looking for a concealer , but great if you are looking to highlight certain parts of your face .
 I swear by this product and I always have it in my make-up bag . It is a brilliant luminizing concealer that does wonders for tired dull skin . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 This does exactly what it should do and what one would imagine . i am very happy with my purchase , whoever has problems with eye rings will solve them this way
 Radiant Touch is a nice lightly-creamy concealer that looks like it 's not there at all , but I love the glow it gives . It 's well named because it adds a luminous glow when I apply it under my eyes . I 've tried other products that are too heavy and never found one I liked . This one 's a tad expensive , but worth every penny . I highly recommend it .
 I Love this product !!! I mean Love . Blends well and looks natural . Worth the money !! To all those Makeup gurus out there you need to try this product .
 This is the most luscious coverage I have ever used . It covers dark circles and blemishes wonderfully . I love the creaminess of the product , it glides over your skin and leaves it dewy fresh , no dryness whatsoever . I will continue to buy this forever as I do n't think any other product could surpass Eclat .
 Bought this item for my daughter . . A friend recommended . . Daughter said she has used nothing that works any better !
 Yves Saint Laurent Eclat is the best under eye dark circle cover I have ever found , and I 've tried a lot of products . It 's worth the extra cost and goes on silky smooth .
 This product will not disappoint . It lasts long , looks great , and made it on the list of the most favorite items of one of the style editors of Domino -LRB- that 's a magazine -RRB- .
 Best concealer on the market - I ran out and everyone thought I was ill and looked under the weather - as soon as I had my new supply they all commented on how well I look ! I have terrible dark rings around one eye and this product evens it out for me !
 Simply the best concealer available . Brushes on for an almost invisible light-diffusing effect to obscure flaws ; both wrinkles and discolorations .
 Yves Saint Laurent TOUCHE ECLATRadiant Touch 2 Luminous Ivory YVES SAINT LAURENTMy wife says that it is one of her favorite makeup accessories .
 Very nice product . Not just for dark circles under eyes coverage . I have used this product for many years , have tried others and still come back to this one . Nothing seems to do the job as well . Covers up and highlights , too .
 I love this product ! I 've been using it for years , and ca n't imagine not having it in my purse and makeup bag . The product arrived on time , as promised .
 I titled this review as `` worth trying '' because everyone 's skin is different . I am 26 and not very wrinkly yet , but I do have a slight problem with dark circles at times . I do n't like wearing foundation or concealer but i did want to find something for under my eyes . I looked up reviews -LRB- which I do often -RRB- and felt that since I use reviews a lot , I should also contribute . I like this product because it gave good coverage with out cakiness or obviousness . I really like a natural skin look and this is perfect for me and my skin type .
 I dont ' wear a lot of make up but this is a staple glad a friend of mine tld me about it !!
 Had been looking at getting this for a while , recommended by my sister . Finally decide to get and have been pleased with how it makes under my eyes look . They look very refreshed and awake !
 its nice to cover blk spot or undereye ... i love it its nice product but i dont use it too much so cant say how long i can use it . . but overall do good job
 For those of us with racoon eyes , this has been the best concealer I 've used yet . Lightening and covering without appearing like a concealer .
 Quem pediu afirma que o produto &eacute; muito bom e de &oacute;tima qualidade . Al&eacute;m do que funciona perfeitamente . &Eacute; um bom presente .
 I am 51 and recently visited an upscale retail store in Manhattan . The Yves St Laurent gal behind the cosmetic counter noticed my complexion was a little sallow - put this product about an inch on each side of my nose and blended it in . . what a difference it made ... a worthwhile investment . . I use it under my eyes and just about all over my face for a nice touch-up , concealer and brightener . . covers freckles and sun spots , too !
 I tried the Touche Eclat on a whim . Being a fanatical concealer user to hide dark circles and work with deep set eyes , I have become a connisseur of sorts . Most concealers will settle into any little ` crinkles ' around my eye area , but not this one . Additionally , it brightens AND lightens without being thick and heavy . I ca n't believe how well it works . I just love it . You get what you pay for ! I use mine EVERY DAY and not sparingly either - and it still lasts a solid 6 months . Personally , I prefer the radiant one - much brighter and has no yellow in it to add to the aging process .
 I 've always had a problem with dark under-eye circles . After hearing many raves for this product , I decided to try it for myself . YSL 's Radiant Touch is the best - you get what you pay for . The tube might look small , but so far I have had mine for 4 months , using daily . It gives nice sheer coverage which you can build up , without looking cakey . I love the way it brightens the entire eye area - it gives my eyes a little pop . The brush-tip is perfect for getting into the corners of eyes . I tap the area down a bit with the pad of my finger to blend . Works wonderfully , will definitley buy again .
 I am in love with this product . It was used on me by a professional makeup artist for a fashion show I was in and I have been in love with it ever since . My eyes have never looked brighter .
 Nothing can wipe away the years , but this product does the best it can with what it is given to work with . I love this product . It 's just this
 This is like no other concealer I have ever used . It blends in with or without foundation , in fact , you do n't have to wear any foundation because it does n't cover up , it brightens the skin so that any dark circles seem to be gone . I ca n't say enough about it , you just have to try it , it brightens the skin ... I love it , so much so , that I bought two more because I do n't ever want to be without it . I am of light/medium complextion so I use # 1 , but even if you have medium it will still be the right color.It is n't just for the undereyes , put it where ever you want winkles to be less noticeable in appearance , like around the mouth area , puppet lines , or the lines above the lips .
 Overall , great product . I am 38 , and have dark eye circles . This is not a miracle worker - you still see my circles , but they are considerably lighter and less noticeable . My whole face looks brighter . I have tried using it in other spots -LRB- sides of nose , above lip-line -RRB- , but do not find these results as remarkable , and in fact find other products better . It is so easy to apply , and as you dab , it miraculously blends . It was a splurge for me , but I am really enjoying , and would buy again -LRB- hopefully it will last a long time though ! -RRB- . I only gave four stars , because I do think that the cost is too high for what you get .
 Touche Eclat Radiant touch is supposed to be the most world wide purchased cosmetic ... I can surely understand why that is so .
 I absolutely love this product . There 's nights I do n't get enough sleep and when I use this I look awake and refreshed . This is a beauty must-have !!
 I am such a fan of this product ! My eyes are instantly brighter and I look refreshed after applying . It is great for someone who struggles with dark circles . I would , however , caution to use it sparingly , as a little goes a long way . Too much and you get bright circles under your eyes that do not blend well .
 I have used this product for several years . Great for obliterating my under eye dark spots & for hiding uneven skin tone on my face . Well worth every penny . This company sells it for a very good price !
 LOVE this concealer ! Its light and easy to apply . The pen shape makes it convenient to carry for travel as well as not taking up a lot of room in your make-up drawer .
 People gush about this product , and I never understood what all the hype was about until I finally tried it for myself . I do n't think this stuff is the best highlighter on the market , but as a concealer , it is hands-down the best product on the market right now , bar none . My biggest issue is dark under-eye circles , and nothing I 've tried even comes close to doing as good of a job at concealing them as this brilliant little pen . You get what you pay for in most cases , and in this instance , $ 40 is money well spent .
 This highlighter is excellent . I use it to hide the dark circles under my eyes . These dark circles are hereditary so I ca n't prevent them but I can cover them up . I used a lighter color first but have switched to a darker color now .
 This is exactly what I needed to cover my dark circles and brighten around my eyes ! Perfect for under my Physicians Formula - Powder Palette Multi-Colored Highlighter ! It 's a super light powder so it needs to be paired with something light and easy to use . I do n't spend more than 5 mins on my makeup , but I still want my skin to look nice . It 's pricey and we 'll see how long it lasts , but so far I love it !
 I first experienced this fragrance when I found it in Paris several years ago . It 's so beautiful and makes me feel special .
 bodily at least -LRB- we rule at everything else -RRB- , however ; whether said stink is caused by strenuous activity , or lazy hygeine -LRB- does n't matter what I do , by the end of the day I 'm ripe -RRB- Dial has come up with a great solution . Dial Recharge hits even the toughest scents in some of the toughest places and smells great while doing it . We 've all heard false claims of a soap that does n't dry your skin out but as shocking as that is this actually does n't ! It also comes as a liquid body wash in an 18 oz . bottle but that 's all up to personal preference . If you do plan to buy the bars on Amazon I would reccomend staying away from the `` new & USED '' option ?!
 Have used for quite some time but hard to find locally . Easy on the skin and does n't leave a filmy feeling that I 'm sure some like but I do n't .
 I was so glad to finally find this type of soap for my husband . They had stopped carrying it at all of the stores close to where we live . My husband loves this soap and I will be purchasing it again through amazon.com . Thank you so much .
 This thing has gone on 3 years strong for me . Still sharp and collects cut nails with the catcher . Best nail clipper I 've ever used .
 I love this product . It makes my face feel very clean and has reduced my acne as well . The microbead technology is something that I love .
 I have used and loved this face cleanser for years . A couple of years ago they discontinued it and even though several people I know contacted the company directly to let them know how much we loved it , they said that they were going another direction with their products . Amazon.com is the only place I 've been able to find this product , and now it looks like it 's all gone . I write this review with a heavy heart , knowing that there 's nothing out there like this face wash . It was really great .
 This is the only product that works great on my face . It 's amazing and it smells wonderful as well . Ever since I started using this a few years back , I 've never had any acme .
 I have never used this as a face cream as others have so on that end I ca n't say how well it works , however what we use it for are to put on mosquito bites , poisen ivy , tick bites or anything on your body that itches . This stuff is the best on the market to take away itching and bring you comfort so you can get on with your life . Do n't bother with calmine lotion or any of the Hydrocortisone creams because they only work a little to bring comfort , buy this and give it a try and I can promise you will never use anything else again !
 All the reviewers have summed up how well this product works and feels . I had not been able to find it the last few months so called the 800 # on the back of the tube.PROBLEM
 Noxema is the only brand of facial cleanser that I can depend on to actually deep cleanse and remove ALL dirt/oil/makeup and other undesirable impurities from a long night 's sleep or a hard day 's work . This particular product has a very pleasant and fresh smell to it . It feels amazing when massaged onto the face . It deep cleans so well that you can actually feel impurities being removed from deep within your pores . Noxema is the ONLY brand of cleansers that actually removes ALL the gunk in my face . I suffer extremely oily skin , and as anyone with oily skin will tell you , it 's very hard to keep oily skin clean and fresh . This stuff works . Period .
 Noxzema is great ! I love the tingly formula , and microbeads . I would reccomend it to anyone .
 The Fragrance smells great !! I 'm very satisfied with my product. , it 's lovely , purchased at a great price , fast delivery , I highly recommend this fragrance .
 I smelled this perfume once and knew I had to have it . I opted for the gift set and found it to be a great value for the price .
 This product is very enjoyable . The scent is refreshing as well as the service that was received from this company . The product arrived sooner than advertised as well .
 Sensual and Sexy , November 13 , 2007By B. Long - See all my reviewsI have known about this perfume since I was about 29 years old -LRB- I 'm 53 now -RRB- and have n't found another smell like this anywhere in the world ! You will not be disappointed in JOY and everyone will love it around you . You will get all positive comments from everyone you come in contact with ! Once you try it you will be enchanted with this beautiful scent the rest of your life !
 This is the best product I 've ever used . Fine lines have disappeared and after a few weeks you can really feel a great improvement in your skin.It seems to be odorless and does n't feel oily like other products have .
 Like all Roc 's products this is great.The new texture , like a serum instead of a moisturizing cream seems to work beter.Since I 've been using it my skin improved a lot .
 Excelente producto y y excelente servicio . Muy r&aacute;pida la entrega , en tiempo r&eacute;cord . Lo recomiendo . El producto llego en excelente condiciones .
 I have been using this spray for almost a year now , and I love the way it makes my hair feel . It makes it really soft and shiny . I think it controls frizz a little , too .
 I found this body wash in an article in Men 's Health magazine where they named it the best body wash -- and after trying it , I have to agree . Neither too thick nor too thin , it leaves my skin feeling clean and refreshed . I shower both in the morning and after going to the gym in the evening , and it is mild enough to not irritate my skin while keeping it hydrated . Maybe the best feature of the wash is that it has a nice smell to it -- definitely masculine , but not musky , clinical , or overly sporty . The first time I showered with it not more than thirty minutes later someone was complementing me on how I smelled . Highly recommended !
 Not that I have a problem showering but this stuff makes it seem a little more pleasant and you will feel moisturized even after a hot shower . The smell is mild but very pleasant . You get a lot of it for the money you spend . I will be buying more when I run out if i ever run out .
 I would totally recommend it , is very good . Very satisfied about this shower gel , smells great and is just amazing
 This is the first John Allan 's product I 've purchased before , and it 's great ! Very fragrant scented bodywash that 's unlike anything you 'll find in a retail store . Good lather with body scrubber . Price may seem a little high , but quantity should last several months . I highly recommend it .
 First , the people at BT are amazing -LRB- I bought directly from them . This info may be useful since these are sold by BT , not Amazon -RRB- . They gave me generous guidance over the phone as to which shears to buy , which came w/in 2 days . The finger rings were missing . When I called , the man instantly took my word that the rings should have been included and put them in the next mail . Honestly , I have only tested the shears and they are excellent . But I do n't know how they will hold up . They seem very well made .
 I have melasma and frequently burn on my face -LRB- ONLY -RRB- and turn brown in less than favorable patches . Looks like there is smeared chocolate pudding on my face ... This product got me on a day long river-rafting trip on the Colorado River at the Grand Canyon with nary a spot coming through . It rocks . The 45 SPF seems to not go on as smooth as this higher SPF product and does n't rub in as well . The one tip I 'd give is , do n't use this is you ca n't spare a 20 minute soak in time . You put it on , rub , rub , rub , let it soak in , give it 20 minutes , then rub in again . Otherwise your face looks like you rubbed vaseline on it . This product smells good , gives me an even skin tone and TOTALLY WORKS !
 This sunscreen was suggested by my dermatologist . I live in Florida and the sun can be brutal . I had begun to get sun damage on my face.This sunblock comes tinted or untinted . I mix it with a little foundation and skip my day cream . Is a little shiny when first applied alone , but it absorbs.It stays on great much longer than most and it does not burn your face or sensitive skin around your eyes like some do . I put it on my eyelids even and even when I sweat it does n't get in my eyes . Take care of your skin !
 This is a great product ! If you use this right it is the most effective product you can buy for anti-aging . Put a good amt . on your face , neck and top of your hands , let it soak in -LRB- 5-10 min . works for me -RRB- then finish rubbing it in . Give it another couple of min . and your ready for the rest of your makeup , if any or just go.Bonus , it does even out your skin tone .
 This is my favorite conditioner , very high quality , feels great and does a great job on my hair . Highly recommend it !
 I have thinning hair at their out of my hairline . Once I began regularly using this product I noticed that my hair has a significantly thicker appearance .
 I never considered what kind of Conditioner -LRB- let alone shampoo -RRB- I should use until -LRB- for my 50th -RRB- my best friend and wife sent me to John Allan 's in Downtown NYC for a `` Man 's Spa Day '' - It was the best . JA 's products really do make a difference and I highly recommend their products
 I love this fragrance , whenever I use this perfume I only have to put a drop of it because although nice it can be too strong if I put too much of it.The only downsize to it is that the size of this is way too small , I was expecting something better . I cost me I think 10 dls . and is just a sample , kind of like the ones you could get for free .
 --------- delicado mini perfume de cartera , ideal para llevar a todas partes ... excelente opci&oacute;n la recomiendo . . y el precio es realmente economico
 This is the second time I bought the Swiss Army from Amazon . I bought it last year for Christmas and this year . I think it smells very good . You ca n't find this in any store ! I 've looked ! I could find it online , but this was the best deal I could find . Thanks Amazon.com !
 It was shipped prior to posted ETA . The product was quality and was shipped carefully .
 este producto esta bien en la condiciones esperadas , entrega por el vendedor a tiempo , sin ning&uacute;n problema segun lo requerido gracias , lo recomiendo .
 excelent product . I will enjoy it a lot . Thanks . On time and it was protteccted . Thanks you very much . ok
 it was just was i was expecting for . I really like it . i get it on time and the box was not very big
 Bought for my 20 yr . son . He loves it and it smells fantastic . Not too strong , but not weak either .
 muchas gracias amigo estoy muy contento y satifecho con el producto era mejor de lo q esperba se lo recomiendo a ojos cerrado
 the product is of very good quality time I get to not present any kind of problem I 'm very happy excellent condition recomeindo provider thanks
 I used this fragrance about 10 years ago , I stopped using cologne for 10 years . Decided to start using againg and it does not disapoint , just like I remember it , manly with a spice of sensitivity .
 The product is similar to the picture . good quality and good price . I liked the cologne I am satisfied . the smell is ok
 excellent ; responsible , very good handling of the goods , Everything arrived in order , I received it in the stipulated time , thanks
 Expected a bit more from the Swiss Army brand . Decent aroma which lasts a fairly long time . Lots of citrus-aroma in this .
 para todo aquel que le gusten los perfumes esta es una opci&oacute;n excelente , llego sin problema y muy bien envuelto
 los felicitosme llegoen poco tiempolos felicitosamigojose coronadodesdevenezuelamas finook ...
 Excelente producto , la entrega fue inmediata . El producto esta en muy buenas condiciones . Buen trato con el vendedor . Gracias . AJ
 Is Very good ! Este perfume es excelente , el olor perdura en la ropa : - -RRB- Classic.El vendedor es 100 % responsable .
 Swiss Army By Swiss Army For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 Ounces -LRB- Purchased on 02/26/2010 -RRB- by Swiss Armyexcellent
 What can I say ? Well , Amazon delivered the product in time and form and it smells good that is why I bought it . What I like the most about ordering stuff from Amazon is the speed that they put on every order.Thanks .
 todo bien el articulo llego en buen estado en el tiempo estimado y original como el ofrecido espero pronto hacer otra compra
 Entrega en tiempo establecido por el vendedor , producto nuevo y en perfecto estado y correctamente embalado . Compre con toda confianza
 mercaderia en excelente estado muy buena tienda para las compras , recomendado para sus compras futuras todo nuevo bien empacado y seguro
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 Great gift for my son for Christmas . This is his favorite cologne . I have a hard time finding it elsewhere . Thanks !
 I received this cologne as a gift during my senior year in high school . Swiss Army cologne gave a `` clean scent '' it was n't an overpowering cologne as other colognes in the market . But it gave a nice touch I would use it as an everyday cologne as it was inexpensive cologne and different from using Axe like most high school students .
 this product was very very very very very very very very good it was great i love it it is awesom
 My husband smells fabulous in this cologne ... as i 'm sure all men do . You ca n't go wrong . It 's been his favorite for a long time
 The product have an excellent quality and it 's that I was waiting . The articles came to destination just time . Excellent !!!
 this Swiss Army By Swiss Army For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 Ounces Its excellent ... Thank you a lot ...
 This was a great price on this cologne . I paid half of what I would have paid at a local department store . I received it in a timely matter due to Amazon Prime . Great purchase !
 Amazon has excellent customer service - I was really impressed by their returns system . Had a slight problem with my original order - Amazon rectified the situation promptly , and I am very pleased with the outcome.I wo n't hesitate to purchase items from them again . thank you AmazonAlso the colonge smells awesome , I love it !!! and a great deal , too !
 There are two different Swiss Army brands ; Wenger , and Victorinox -LRB- though Victorinox recently bought Wenger , according to Wikipedia -RRB- . The Wenger brand tends to cater more to the economy market , and I think it shows in this Eau De Toilette.It 's a decent fragrance , but like another comment said , it does n't last very long . I 'd also add that it 's not very distinctive . It reminds me somewhat of the old Brut cologne or an aftershave . Keep in mind that it 's an `` Eau De Toilette '' ; it 's a little weaker than a `` Parfume '' -- which is n't bad , it just means you have to use a little more to get the same level of scent.I 'm not unhappy with it , but I do n't think I 'd get it again now that I 've tried it out . Maybe my expectations were too high for a knife manufacturer 's venture into fragrance . : -RRB-
 My daughter bought this for my husband several years ago as a gift . He loves it ! Everyone loves it ! I have had nurses come out of pre-op to ask me what he 's wearing ! It 's getting hard to find , great price !
 I like this fragrance as its not overpoweringly strong . Its light and refreshing , lasts for a short period of time and can be worn at all times , at work or play . I am very satisfied with this product and i use it all the time . I would recommend this hands down , although dont expect the fragrance to last for more than a couple of hours .
 muy buen producto , es % 100 original . Y el olor se mantiene mantiene por muchas horas , inclusive en la ropa despues de lavarse .
 I discovered this cologne years ago in a perfume store , but Amazon usually saves me about $ 20 on the store price . So many women say `` oh , what 's your cologne '' or `` you smell so good '' . So , there y' are .
 I bought this item way back in 90 's for my hubby and he have insisted using it since then until now . The scent is so unique that I could identify that its my hubby if he happens to walk past my office -LRB- working in the same company -RRB- . . The scent last really long even after two washes ... great item and my hubby can not live without it.thanks Swiss Armydee
 buy it ! its worth more than what you will pay . i want to wear it everywhere , but wont in fear of overusing it . if you are looking for a simple clean citrus smell , look no further.p.s . im an architecture student , so i know whats up ; -RRB-
 Arrived on time , packaged nicely , been a fave scent for awhile now.No complaints : -RRB-
 This is most definitely one of Swiss Army 's greatest works in their line of male scents . Lasts all day and has the scent that brings you the compliments you look for in a great cologne with a good bargain price.Definitely would buy again .
 It is not a Well-known perfume , but who uses it the first time become addict , a very rich aroma !
 courteous service , I really liked the product , what I expected . gladly recommend it . 100 % satisfied . the seller was always responsive to my questions . This product is sold at a good price with very good quality in the material production .
 The form of presentation of theproduct is not shown in the pictureThe fragrance it is exquisite and it is smells very masculine.The package of delivery it is ideal size.My rating is four stars is :1 - Product Quality2-Shipping costs.3-Time Delivery.Thanks .
 I tried a couple of others before I stumbled on to this one . It smells fresh and not too over-powering . I use it everyday and received compliments from my friends . Recommend .
 Hello , I received this product in good conditions ! It is certainly an original article and category . I highly recommend the essence and aroma of the perfume does not equal another .
 This perfume was a gift for my father , he says that it is a nice perfume , he loved it , he has been wearing it since 5 years ago , he likes this one and the `` altitude '' , so it is good .
 I 've been purchasing this product for years for my husband . He gets so many compliments on the way he smells . It smells so nice that now my 15 year old son uses it too .
 Shipped on time and the product was exactly what I wanted . I do recommend this cologne and store to anyone for their next purchase .
 I simply loved this cologne , its one of my favourite now . Highly recommended . The price quoted on amazon was much lower than that from department stores .
 The cologne smells the same as it did 10 years ago , but I think the great scent 's longevity is shorter now than it used to be . Also the Bottle Holster is no longer made of aluminum with a red plastic bottom . Now it is made of plastic which is made to look like brushed metal . Thankfully I still have the old aluminum Bottle Holster to slide the new bottle into . Great cologne with a nice clean scent . I have a hard time finding colognes I am not alergic to and this is the best with a nice clean male scent !
 This is really a great smelling cologne . I just hate that it 's out of stock now . Glad there 's Amazon
 Bought for my husband . He has worn this brand of years . The price and the product better than what I could find in any store . I will buy for this seller in the future .
 I LOVED DE SMELL OF IT , THE PRESENTATION AND THE SIZE WAS JUST PERFECT ... I REALLY LOVED IT ... THANK YOU
 This cologne comes in a nice size , and is really perfect for me . I think the scent is perfect , but others might disagree . I really suggest you check out the scent before buying it . But that just makes scents . : - -RRB-
 LOVE THIS ONE TOO AS WELL , GREAT OLD TIMER ON THE MARKET . TRY THIS FRANGRANCE I THINK MOST WILL LOVE IT AS WELL
 Excelente producto !! 100 % Original el perfume ... Puntualidad 100 % . La entrega fue en el tiempo establecido ! Lo recomiendo ampliamente ... Gracias ... espero volver a comprarles pronto !
 I am very satisfied and happy because the product arrived just in time , attention and speed was great , I highly recommend them . thanks
 Perfume Excelente , Se Puede USAR de diario , fresco y Muy suave , recibi el Producto en El Tiempo Estimado , lo recomiendo .
 Buen aroma excelente presentacion , duradero es el perfume y no muy comun , recomiendo que lo compren muy buen aroma , buen precio
 This came in the mail today , it was suppose to be a christmas gift for my just turned 80 step father in law but i 'm giving it to him early.I had to spray it into the air to see how it smells and love it.He had an imitation bottle of this on his dresser and it was empty so i figured it had to be a favorite of his , when i asked him he said it was so i decided to get him the real deal.How long the scent will last i wo n't know til he 's wearin it and my mother in law tells me will write a update review , all i know is it smells GREAT!UPDATE ; gAVE IT TO HIM TODAY AND HE WAS ELATED , he immediately spayed it on and and wore it all day , mother in law said it lasts for a long time and she liked it to , great cologne !
 Clarins eye mask is an amazing product it really magic in a tube the result after my first used . I highly recommend it
 This was the second time I place an order thru amazon.com and both times I 've ordered my Adidas moves perfume . Everything was perfect and I will keep ordering my perfume thru them . So Thank You very much for doing this for me ... I definitely recommend to buy this product ...
 Finding this particular cologne is getting harder and harder each time I go looking . Not only did I find it here from PerfectPerfume.com through Amazon.com but I got 2 1.7 oz bottles for nearly the same price of what I normally would pay for just one .
 I have a pair of these that I have used or about 10 years and they still have not needed sharpening . In fact I was n't sure they even made them still . Wanted to get another pair if they did and sure enough they do !!! The only difference in mine is they do n't have the added piece on the finger hole part to rest your ring finger on . Highly recommend them !
 I cut my own hair and this pair of scissors really helps especially with my bangs . It 's really not even comparable with the ones you find at the drugstores , which is what I have been using before . Worth every penny .
 Easy to cut my daughter 's toddler/baby hair which is currently still thin & wavy . Incidentally , it was my first attempt at cutting her hair as her hair growth definitely took a backseat in her development :-RRB- . Sharp enough , but not dangerously so for a wriggly 2 yr old . Definitely recommend - other reviews for this product helped me make the decision to purchase .
 These shears are very sharp and precise . Great for trimming bangs and other grooming for hair removal . Very pleased with this item !
 i bought these scissors for clipping ends bangs they are very sharp like the scissors in a hair salon not like the $ 3 dollar ones from discount stores sharp scissors help your ends not to split when cut
 I bought these to trim my cat 's butt hair . They are extremely sharp and get the job done quickly -LRB- leaving me with less scratches -RRB- .
 I bought these for trimming my bangs . They are quite sharp and cut easily . The best compliment I can give them is that my hairstylist commended me on the job I did maintaining my bangs between trims , whereas she was not too thrilled with the job I did with my old scissors . -LRB- I believe they were Revlon , purchased from the drugstore . -RRB- Please keep in mind that the blade is quite small . I do n't think the measurements in the product description are as straightforward as they could be ; the blade measures 2 '' . The full length from the end of the handle to the tip of the blade is about 5 '' . I 've added a photo to show the scale.These scissors are identical toTweezerman Stainless 2000 Styling Shears , with the exception of the plastic-covered , rather than stainless steel handles , for about $ 2 less.Tweezerman offers lifetime sharpening on its scissors . Details can be found on the Tweezerman website .
 These are great little scissors . I cut my own hair and needed an inexpensive but good quality pair of shears . These fit the bill and then some . I highly recommend them .
 Great price , great quality and great all around . No signs of dulling after many many haircuts . I love these scissors .
 Very sharp , light weight , soft feel to it , i gave it 4 stars just because its a bit small and does n't come with a case or something to put it in , other than that it 's an excellent product
 These shears are quite excellent : I had a previous pair of Tweezermans that I loved , but they finally wore out , so I ordered these . These are even better , with a micro-serration along the blade edge that locks hairs into place as the blades close . As a result , these cut hair at the exact angle and length you intended , instead of shoving hair along the blade before cutting it . It 's quite effective.The blades are perfectly angled against one another , and they stay that way for the whole length of the cut , so no matter what part of the blades you 're using -- near the tip or the pivot -- they cut equally well . They 're also comfortable , and of a very nice size . -LRB- They 're also very sharp
 My husband used my hair-trimming scissors to pry something open , which resulted in broken scissors . I decided to upgrade a notch when I replaced them , and this pair is just right . They give a precision cut and are comfortable to hold ; time will tell about their durability , but they 're made in Germany so I 'm optimistic .
 I am a stay at home mom who cuts hair for two kids and a husband , plus my own trims and these are the best scissors I have used . They are not too small for my hands and are very maneuverable and easy to use . I love the lifetime sharpening aspects through Tweezerman . They are very sharp and the haircuts go much quicker with these than other cheap ones that I have used . I 'm sure they are not up to par for someone who would use them more frequently , but for more infrequent use , these are fantastic and you ca n't beat the price .
 I bought this over a year ago and it has been perfect for my obsessive need to snip off my split ends . I save money by getting less haircuts , and I know I 'm not cutting off more than I need to . Very sharp , be careful around fingers ! I gave myself a deep cut one time when I was stressed out and started twiddling with them . I 'm here buying a second pair to keep in my purse .
 I love these shears and the brand . I use tweezerman for my ungodly eyebrows so I figured they might make just as good of shears and they do ! For the price , you ca n't go wrong . I do wish they were a tad bit longer but I realize the length prior to purchasing them which is why I did n't take off any points for that . . I would suggest not using these if you actually cut/style your own hair , these are perfect for in between visits to your stylist . With that said , if you are on a budget - they are the absolute best I 've tried in this price range for a full haircut !
 These shears have the look and feel of a high quality product -LRB- and they are of course -RRB- . They fit in the hand so comfortably , and produce a very clean-cut . Make 's you feel like a Pro the minute you pick them up ! If you need a small , high quality shear at a great price you will not be disappointed with these .
 I HAVE HAD MY HAIR CUT W / TYPE/BRAND OF SCISSORS FOR 25 + YEARS . THEY WERE REPLACED DUE TO LOSSNOT WEAR . MY EVAL IS ALL ACES . MEET THE NEEDS OF PRECISION , QUALITY , EASE OF USE AND POSITIVE RESULTS.BUY W / CONFIDENCE .
 I bought them and they seem to be quite sharp and they cuts through hair like a breeze . Now if get many years out of them , I will be very pleased .
 i like them very much . They are very handy to trime my husband 's hair.They are very easy to use .
 Super sharp , and very fine for reaching small places . The steel feels very hard , probably a high carbon steel . worth what i paid
 a little too small but very sharp , not sure if I would pay the price for these scissors again . . I justify the price because my wife cuts my hair now and The money I save more than paid for these scissors my wife seems happy with them they are good but not great . . like I said a tadd small and lightweight but do the job for sure . . seller was good no problemspatrick
 These scissors were perfect for my large hands and very sharp . . Exactly what I was looking for . I use them to trim my hair in between visits to the salon and they work great . Just be careful as they are super sharp . .
 The product came pretty fast . I really like it . it It does its job for my split ends . I can only recommend it .
 They 're definitely sharper than your average pair of scissors . Though I find that these feel quite dinky . Kinda small and light feel to em , not heavy duty . They are quite sharp however .
 This blush has a different texture than most . Its not quite a powder nor a cream . Its somewhere in between . Goes on really nice and lasts . I have used it on both my cheeks and eyes . Makes a great eyeshadow and for the price its definitely worth a try . I think you will be happy you did .
 I do n't know why this product was discontinued . It is a wonderful base under foundation and creates an illuminating soft shimmer . Brightens the face with a natural look because it 's very sheer . A little goes along way . It can be used over the entire face , under foundation ... or just a tiny dab on the brow and cheek bones for highlighting . Buff love is a good neutral tone and compliments a variety of skin tones .
 I have tried many brighteners , both cheap and expensive and this one rates the highest with me . It blends over foundation very nicely -LRB- some sit right on top of the skin -RRB- , and adds a sheer layer of luminescence to the skin ... best thing about it ? COLOR . Not white , not neutral but a sheer sheer tinge of the most beautiful pinky/rose color ... looks like you 've been just kissed by the sun . Love it .
 So soft and shimmery . Great highlighter over a BB cream ! I have sensitive skin and this did n't make me break out !
 I just got this yesterday and I flipped :-RRB- It is exactly what I was looking for . It has a really great texture and the color is so smooth , just a very share sensation of sparkling , very natural . I got the peechy something shade and I love it . It work well on freshly tanned skin because it does give a slight bronzy touch to the skin . Hope you all love it if you get it : -RRB-
 Love this illuminating lotion as it makes my skin look expensive and heavenly . If you like a rosy radiant complexion this highlighter is for you . The lotion has a peachy pink undertone .
 Bought this hair mask 3 months ago and have been using it regularly since then . Because I styled and straightened my hair so much over the summer , my hair was looking dull and damaged . Ordered this mask and have been using it weekly mostly on my ends . I leave it in longer than the recommended 15 min , maybe about an hour or so and then rinse . My hair is visibly smoother , softer , and shinier !! I love the smell too . Still on my first bottle so this mask lasts and you dont have to use a lot of it to see results ; I have long hair thats down to my lower back .
 Ever think about how much time most of us spend taking care of our skin ? We use potions , creams , and masks on our faces to keep complexions glowing but often neglect our hair save for a quick shampoo and blow dry . Then , all of a sudden , we look in a mirror and realize these tresses need a treatment!Let 's face it , blow drying , hot rollers , curling irons , coloring , the sun all take their toll on even the healthiest of heads.Hair Mask with Shea Butter is both a treat and a treatment for dry , lifeless , lusterless hair . Shea Butter is , of course , the key ingredient , working its magic to restore lackadaisical locks.It 's simple - work a palm size dollop through damp hair and leave on for up to 20 minutes . Then shampoo and rinse hair well . I 'd also recommend using Fekkai 's Apple Cider Clearing Rinse.The results are immediate - what a difference you 'll see and feel . - Gail Cooke
 Today , most of us are very familiar with the protective and restorative powers of Shea Butter . This product 's beginnings are humble . Made from the small nuts of Shea trees , its properties are amazing whether found in a body lotion , hand cream or other skin care items.Frederic Fekkai has long been a proponent of Shea Butter , utilizing it in his offerings -LRB- his Body Lotion is a favorite of mine -RRB- and promoting it as a replenishing treatment for skin and hair . His Shea Butter Hair Mask reminds us again that Mr. Fekkai not only well knows how to style hair but also how to care for it.For a while I waited until my hair felt dry before treating it -LRB- which is about as intelligent as letting your hands feel rough before using hand lotion -RRB- . Now , I use it regularly , once every week , to maintain luster and retain moisture . I simply work it through damp hair and leave it on for about 20 minutes . The scent is subtle , refreshing and it keeps hair feeling silky despite use of blow dryer and curling iron.Couldn ' t be happier with this product ! - Gail Cooke
 OK my hair is really coily -LRB- african american -RRB- and natural . that being said a co worker recommened this stuff and i have to say ... unlike others i loved it . my hair is really soft and it does not take much to weight it down . i put this in let it sit on my hair for about 20 to 30 under a warming cap -LRB- or whatever you call it -RRB- wash it out used also the glossing cream blow dried and flat iron my hair and my goodness my hair is supper soft and has so much shine and body ... not really sure what everyone else used but this product works for me ...
 I love this product . I think it works best for natural or curly hair . I use this on my 31/2 year old daughter with a head full of thick curly hair . I agree with many people that it is a little heavy for relaxed hair , so for my hair -LRB- which is relaxed -RRB- I only use it as an overnight treatment the day before I go to my hairdresser . Once its washed out I have the soft , moisturizing qualities but not the heaviness .
 I love Fekkai Products . This product met my expectations and I will be purchasing again . I have tired the shampoo and conditioner before and liked it as well . I am a blonde with thin hair that gets dry and breaks easily . . this product helps solve that issue .
 This product adds volume to my hair ! I bought eight tubes ! I 've used it for about one year now . It is a little hard to find in stores since everyone seems to be buying it . I recommend this product . It is awesome .
 This product delivers its promise to restore dry hair . However , rinsing it out it tough because it is too thick . I had to shampoo my hair several times to get it all out , which seemed to defeat the purpose of the whole conditioning treatment .
 This product works . How do I know ? Because the next day I got so many positive comments on my hair at work . `` Did you do something new to your hair ? '' `` It 's so shiny ! '' `` Did you style your hair yourself ? `` I do a LOT of product research before I buy something . I do n't experiment too much with trying new products unless I read enough positive reviews . I 'm very picky as I do n't like to accumulate a bunch of products , and I feel so bad whenever I have to throw away anything that is barely used . That being said ... this product deserves a spot on my bathroom counter.My hair is thick , coarse , naturally dry at the ends , and digitally permed . I bet I have thicker hair than yours ! A little bit of this product goes a long way for very shiny and soft hair . On damp clean hair , take a bit of this product -LRB- like a small dollop ... note that I have VERY thick hair -RRB- and rub it in between your palms before you put it in your hair because this product is thick itself . I only apply it evenly on the ends of my hair as my scalp tends to get oily . I also like to wipe remaining `` residue '' on top of my head just for shine in those areas . I leave it in my hair for 20 mins with a shower cap on and wash it off with cold water . The smell is AMAZING as well as the results . With just the right amount , it does not weigh down your hair at all . Try it for yourself . : -RRB-
 I like very much this color because I can use it everyday because it is easy matchable . It is a very nice and natural color .
 The color of this lipstick is beautiful , I think that it can be a little more shiny
 Nice cream ! I 'm 5 months pregnant . I put it on my body and it 's so nice , moisturized each inch of my skin , smoothly touch , and my husband said it touched like baby skin . I bought three from Amazon . I 'm going to use it during and after pregnancy.Highly recommended !!
 This lotion is a another great Bella B product . I love this product as my everyday lotion . It 's especially nice after shaving . I usually itch pretty badly but when I use this after shaving I do n't itch and my skin feels lovely . I use this in the morning on my arms , chest , and neck and I only have to apply it one time and I 'm moisturized for the entire day . A nice light fragrance and it soaks in rather well . I personally love it !
 Bella B Silk and Honey is a great product . It 's natural and the smell is not overpowering . I 've used this for both of my pregnancies and have been using it on my boys since they are 11/2 year old and their skin is so soft like a baby 's . The lotion helped keep my skin nice and soft during both pregnancies . It does not feel greasy at all . This lotion is a good substitution for the `` California Baby '' skin cream that I used to use on the kids when they were infants . This is the only lotion that I 'll use on my boys now . . I get compliments all the time from people about their baby soft skin -LRB- they are now 2 yr & 4 yr old -RRB- . Give it a try if you are looking for a `` Natural '' lotion to put on your kids . . it 's cheaper than buying a 2-oz jar of california baby cream which is between $ 13 - $ 14 a jar . I also use this during the winter months .
 I bought this lotion/cream on the advice of another pregnant friend . She said she used it throughout her pregnancy and came up with little/no stretch marks . I am one who does NOT believe that there is a miracle product to keep away stretch marks during pregnancy , but I wanted something that did n't smell like cocoa butter . This product has a light scent that I find very appealing . Regardless of my opinions on miracle products , I religiously lathered myself with this lotion after every shower during my pregnancy - JUST IN CASE . Miracle of miracles , I did not get a single stretch mark on my belly , boobs , or behind - however , I did not get very big -LRB- only gained 20 lbs -RRB- and plus , my mom said she never got stretch marks with me or my sister , so I think I had lucky genes ;-RRB- I think it kept me from being itchy though , even when my tummy & boobs were at their hugest.I still use it sometimes since it it very light and not greasy . I enjoy that it uses lots of natural ingredients . I 'd recommend it to any other preggy friend .
 I bought this on amazon because I was traveling for 2 weeks and forgot the `` belly jelly '' that I usually use . My usual product was n't eligible for prime shipping so I decided to try something that was . The lotion shipped fast and I am very pleased with the fragrance as I usually hate all smelly things . It is pretty mild and clean smelling . I like that the product is thick enough to last all night but not so yucky that it ruins your clothes . the other nightly jelly that i usually put on my belly is pretty nasty and does ruin clothes but i swear by it none the less ! I do n't feel like this cream is substantial enough for women who have stretch marks in their genes like I do . I usually use bag balm and it prevented stretch marks with my first baby till i passed my due date ... then they showed up just days before my son was born :-LRB- I would recommend this as a product to use during the day to keep your belly from drying out & getting itchy and something thicker for night time if you are stretch mark prone .
 I used this every day during my first pregnancy , gained about 40 lbs , and do not have any stretchmarks . I 'm obviously not prone to getting them but I believe this lotion helped to prevent them . It is not as greasy as other lotions and does n't have a bad smell . It makes my skin really soft !
 This is my second bottle . I love this lotion ! I am currently 32 weeks pregnant . I have been using this lotion since about week 12 . I use it every other day on my belly . I have no stretch marks at all ! -LRB- However , from what I 've heard stretch marks are due to your genes and creams/lotions really do n't prevent them anyway . -RRB- I primiarly use the lotion to help prevent dry skin and itching . The lotion does not have a strong smell , but it does smell pretty . I highly recommend this product . I have a few other Bella B products , and I love them all !
 I bought this and a few other Bella B items for my sister-in-law who is expecting ; she loves all of the products .
 I like to use this as a hand cream . It 's nice and moisturizing , does n't leave a greasy feel , and has a light fragrance . Recently bought a bunch of these for stalking stuffers for Christmas . Have to wait for the responses from my girl friends but I 'm sure they 'll like it .
 I love this lotion . It smells great and feels awesome ... my husband likes it as well , and he 's very picky about texture and greasiness . I would give it 10 stars if I could . Awesome !!
 I have tried numerous products to treat age spots from sun damage and blemishes and this is the best . For three weeks I have used it along with the skin brightening cleanser and the results are dramatic . I am almost comfortable going without any makeup . Please note that I also use prescription retin-A gel , but have done so for years to control acne .
 DDF fade gel cost 1/3 the price I paid for another product . Within a month or so the brown spot on the left side of my face -LRB- my car window side -RRB- is almost invisible . I re-ordered it.Jano 68Nebraska
 Really seemed to help with the melasma spots on my face . I did notice once I stopped using it on a regular basis , the spots seemed to come back a little , but not nearly as dark as they were .
 I discovered how amazing this product is completely by accident . My 3 yr old sufferes with severe dry skin and NOTHING worked . I tried everything and her skin was nothing but scales especially on her legs . One day after exhausting all the cremes we had in the house . i tried thids and it absorbed very quickly with no greasy film qnd it smelled wonderful ! It was perfgect for her sensitive skin . This was a Tuesday and by saturday the scaliness was almost gone .
 excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo.excelente perfume , buen olor . bueno todo .
 love this perfume . cant find it in all the stores . mont blanc does make the best women 's perfume ever and in a nice bottle .
 Compact and effective . The blower stopped working after about a year 's use . I 'd buy another though .
 Rub liquid dish soap over the air blower 's rubber surface to greatly reduce the very strong rubber smell . Rinse off the liquid soap throughly with cold , running water . Do this twice . Blot dry with a paper towel . Keep the plastic attachment in place at the end of the blower to resist water entering the rubber bulb . Do not submerge . After doing this , the rubber smell is greatly reduced and no longer as bothersome . Airing the product out as an alternative to soaping and rinsing it , has no effect .
 Has everything you need . The blower got the specks off my sensor , It has excellent velocity and bulb volume . I used it to blast my D100 sensor and the only way you can do it without the ac adapter is by using bulb , Which of course makes the sensor charged and supposedly harder to blast off the particles of dirt . This air blower had the power to overcome the static charge of the sensor ! It comes with a bag for everything to be carried easily and keep the blaster clean .
 This is very nice set of cleaning kit . I used on not just my camera , but all my devices such as my iPad , phone , etc. . I especially like the cleaning brush .
 It 's just as in the picture
 First choice of powders , but hard to find . This powder is light and does n't clog pores . Compares to the Coty Air Spun which is my second choice of powders . Does not smell nasty like some do . Notice the ounces too ... 1.5 oz . which is a lot of powder . Double the volume of most others . Love it !
 After that used this perfum , my sex life has increased a lot!Now they love me !!!! This fragrance exudes sex !!! Recommend to the Sexy Machine !
 thiz product came in on time n i luv tha packing . . tha colonge was safe n not broke like stuff i have gotten fr other dealers . . n well i really didnt know wut kind of colonge to get but how tha dealer discribes it i wanted to try it n well tha dealer was right ... i really love it . . i get girls coming p to me all tha time askin wut am i whereing n guys to lol i really do recomend thiz itemand dealer
 I have an eight-year-old daughter who is very allergic to mosquito bites . Bites on her leg swell up till it 's so painful that she ca n't walk . If the bite is on her arm she wo n't be able to use the arm in a day or two.Tried everything to help her and it did n't do much good.I just happened to think about the fact that the mosquito injects something that makes the blood thinner and I remembered that vitamin K helps to coagulate the blood.I used to work in a vitamin store and I have a lot of old stuff from that time.I just happened to have an old bottle of Vita-K solution for stretch marks . It is at least five years old . I have used it on her bites twice now and ca n't believe how fast it goes away . She had one this afternoon the bite area was about the size of a dime and that was surrounded by about three inches of redness . I put it on twice in an hour and it is almost gone . Understand in the past she would fight these bites and their painful effects for weeks.I do n't know if any old vitamin K cream would work but this one has a cooling effect . It gets very hot around the bump so the cooling feels good!I will give her a few vitamin K pills . I am wondering now if the mosquito 's might be put off by vitamin K on the skin . I am sure going to give it a try , an ounce of prevention being worth a pound of cure . I do n't know how much vitamin K would go through the skin into the blood stream . It might be worth remembering that Vitamin E thins the blood .
 This has a natural dye and darkens lashes more with . each use . Not stiff and washes off . No need for eye makeup remover . I love it .
 This fragrance is one of my favorites . It is soft , yet slightly sweet and spicy . It is very sensual . I love it !!
 I am very pleased that I found this item on Amazon . And it was received very quickly and will order again when needed
 This fragrance is definitely an obsession for me . It is very hard to find and I am so happy I stumbled across it on this website .
 I have used CHR Lotion Concentrate for 20 + years with excellent results . I am constantly approached by men half my age with no clue as to our age difference . WHY ... would you discontinue this product without planning ahead for a replacement product ??? I have a subscription and I see that it is available at literally more than TWICE the price at a different website and that would be because ... ???
 My Mom has been using Ultima 11 for the past 40 years . When it became unavailable in canada , I began purchasing it in JC Penny stores in the U.S. . Then it could only be found in the southern states and now only on Amazon . My Mom swears by this creme and has never really found any other brand here to replace it . I purchased a bottle for her as a Christmas present and she was thrilled . So , thank you Amazon . You made an 87 year old lady happy . : -RRB-
 I 've been using CHR for many years and love it . I just wish it had not tripled in price . It is light , not sticky and keeps the skin moisturized . I find it most effective.j
 Follow the directions on the bottle and you are in for a treat . I am referring to closing the bathroom door before using . This fills the entire room with the wonderful aroma of French Lavender . A fragrance which definitely gives you the starting point of a good night 's rest . If you want to relax , this product helps get you there ...
 I love this cologne ! It 's a subtle and fresh fragrance that evokes the crisp and mysterious sensation of night . A number of women have positively commented on the cologne and have inquired about it . Amazon offers it at a great price . A great buy for a romantic and sensual gentleman !
 i personally didnt really like the scent it kinda had a woody smell but it does last long and after awhile u get to like it . maybe you might have a different taste .
 I so recommend this file ! this is for sure the best file I ever had . and it will last a long time !
 First choice of powders , but hard to find . This powder is light and does n't clog pores . Compares to the Coty Air Spun which is my second choice of powders . Does not smell nasty like some do . Notice the ounces too ... 1.5 oz . which is a lot of powder . Double the volume of most others . Love it !
 First choice of powders , but hard to find . This powder is light and does n't clog pores . Compares to the Coty Air Spun which is my second choice of powders . Does not smell nasty like some do . Notice the ounces too ... 1.5 oz . which is a lot of powder . Double the volume of most others . Love it !
 This is the brand of foundation I use and I was able to purchase it for half price ! So I am happy .
 When I want a freezing spray , this is what I use . It is just what it says , freezing spray . It works !
 I have been using this hairspray on my hair for years . It is not too sticky , does n't have a bad smell that lingers like some hairsprays and holds my fine hair through humidity and wind without falling flat . It actually makes my hair feel thicker . It also does n't build-up on the hair , which is great . I have tried others , but always come back to this one . I will use it always !!!!
 The product was shipped fairly quickly and was packaged very well . Smooth business transaction !
 I have been using this product for 15 years and would not use anything else . I have very fine hair and with this spray I can make it look like a million bucks .
 I 've been using this freezing spray for a few years now , , it 's the best hold ever , , just lift the hair and spray and it stays there , , not sticky , , it 's just great , , , must try it if you have short hair
 I have always been suspicious of products like these but one day I decided to go for it and order it . At first , I read earlier reviews that mentioned bad order and frankly , it has none . Sure some smell is evident but when properly applied either on clothing or skin the intensity goes away . After applying Formula D-17X and V-5 respectively , I noticed a change of attitude among my female friends . The were more talkative and closer to me . However , one must realize that the effectivness of these products are only determined as far as one would like . Since my work has me in constant contact with people daily , I also noticed how the female clients reacted to my presence and were more confident with my presence .
 I strongly favor lotions that have good bronzers . I 'm an avid tanner and this lotion helps me achieve the dark tan I like . Will reorder .
 I absolutely love this lotion ! I bought it at the salon for at least 3 times as much as I paid for it on here . I am usually super sensitive to lotions and such , with bad allergies , but this lotion has been great!Other Highly Recommended Tanning Lotions -LRB- Packets -RRB- : Tan Inc 120 New Assorted Indoor Tanning Bed Large Lotion Packets - Includes Sweet 16 , Fire It Up , Luv , Brown SugarTan Inc 60 New Assorted Indoor Tanning Bed Large Lotion Packets - Includes Sweet 16 , Fire It Up , Luv , Brown SugarTan Inc 30 New Assorted Indoor Tanning Bed Large Lotion Packets - Includes Sweet 16 , Fire It Up , Luv , Brown Sugar25 New Assorted Indoor Tanning Bed Lotion Packets From Supre - Top Selling Lotion in the IndustryOther Highly Recommended Tanning Lotions -LRB- Bottles -RRB- : Australian Gold Golden Glaze Tanning LotionAustralian Gold Triple Bronzing Glaze - Triple Bronzing LotionAustralian Gold Wild Dark Tanning Formula 8.5 ozAustralian Gold Triple Bronzing Glaze - Triple Bronzing LotionSwedish Beauty Chocolate Temptation 8.5 OzSwedish Beauty Ravishing 8.5 Oz.Australian Gold HEART 'S DESIRE 13.5 OZAustralian Gold - Gold and Bronze Dual Bronzer Hemp Tanning Lotion 8.5 oz .
 I can no longer find this product locally , so I 'm grateful I can still get it through Amazon . It allows for many different styling options with a strong hold all day long . Unlike some products that have strong hold , but no flexibility -LRB- read as `` helmut hair '' -RRB- , Volumax Pomade allows you to easily run your fingers through your hair . I love this stuff !!!
 Volumax Pomade is great ! It makes your hair shiny and it holds body . Use it right after drying . I ca n't buy it locally so it 's great to find it again !
 I have it by luck . check out e-bay ... while supply last . I do n't have much left only but 18 of it .
 I love this product and have used it for years ... though now ca n't seem to find in stores ... so I order online . My issue is with Cosmetic Solutions , the seller I purchased from here . Two of the jars I received appeared to have been opened and some from each jar appears to be MISSING ... obviously opened before when you know what a brand new jar looks like ... unless these have simply been in the heat and the product inside does n't look fresh ... not sure exactly but two of the jars do n't look like new jars typically do ... nor do they look quite as `` full . ''
 I told a woman at work I loved her perfume , and she told me what it was . She also handed me a sampler card with LE BAISER DU DRAGON For Women By CARTIER Vial spray . It has a decent amount in it for a trial version , and a nice touch is the little sprayer . I always try a perfume on and wear it for a while to see if I get a headache . I am happy to say that this very heady , sensual fragrance does n't give me one . I loved the fragrance on the lady at work , and even though it smells different on me , I still love it!Lynn
 The product arrived on time and in perfect condition . I actually purchased this as a Christmas gift . Great buy for something that costs about 40 % more at stores !
 Definitely preferable tocommercial shampoos , which are full of unnecessary chemicals . Plenty of suds and gets your hair and scalp clean without drying it out .
 any thing olive releases its secrets into the being of the user who then becomes awash in those secrets , living a longer and cleaner life , internally and externally . and so it has always been with tact olive oil products .
 Venom Lip Gloss is a little tingly when you first apply it and it plumps up your lips in a playful way . If you are using this with other lipsticks apply it first , apply the lipstick and then apply it again for a glossy finish . My favorite color is `` love in a mist . '' It is neutral enough to be used with other lipsticks or you can just use it on its own for a natural look . This tube usually lasts me over a year and I use it a couple of times a week . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am completely addicted to Venom gloss . I have been using it for the past two years or so , and have finally thrown all the other partly-used tubes and tubs away . I just use this . I have extremely dry skin and the lips to go with it , and although I pay attention to staying hydrated , I need good lip protection the way a polar bear needs fur -- it 's just not optional . If I want to be comfortable and not have cracked , peeling lips , this is the ticket . Venom gloss stays on and on and on , all day practically if you do n't eat stuff that wipes it off your mouth ; and I put it on before I go to bed , too . It has peppermint -LRB- and I forget what other things -RRB- in it to give it a bit of a `` sting , '' which I really enjoy , though if it makes my lips plumper , I have n't noticed . Or cared . I just wish it came in more colors !!!
 FAR better than any of the grocery store-type brands . Easy to use . Covers grey well . Wish it did n't have a tiny red tint that shows up about ten days after I dye my hair . Like the product overall . Far cheaper online in bulk than buying store brands each month at the grocery/pharmacy .
 I bought this product earlier this year and experimented several times by using it mixed with a light shade of blonde . It gives a good result
 Long time ago I bleached my hair an damaged it in a serious way . I am a blonde , so at one point of my life i decided I am not blonde enough , so I bleached it . -LRB- what a stupid mistake -RRB- Bleaching especially when done unprofessionally turn your hair brassy and give it a warm undercolor . so I spent hundreds of dollars on trying to change my hair color from warm to cool . None of the so-called hair professionals who take 100 dollar for color job could n't help me and every time colored my hair in brown or orange or yellow . When I asked them to give my hair a blue undercolor , so it would cancel the red/orange , they would look at me and say
 So I 'm writing a review on Wella T-11 lightest beige blonde aka Royale Blonde . It 's a lovely color , but here 's what you have to know . It will gray your hair if you have pre-lightened to the white stage . I 'm not sure how long that effect lasts , but my bangs , which were hot pink , were well and truly white when I got done bleaching . My inky black parts ranged from light lemon yellow to an almost egg yolk yellow . My SIL , a hairdresser , recommended I tone with Wella T11 or T12 so I wanted the lightest and chose T-11 , and it came out gorgeous ! My hair has no yellow , of any sort . My white areas are a bit gray -LRB- I used 10 vol developer and developed for 14 mins -RRB- but my lemony yellow and custard yellow became as close to platinum blonde as I could ever have dreamed!It 's absolutely gorgeous and I ca n't stop looking at myself . The gray bits actually make it look more natural somehow . If you are looking for a light shade like platinum blonde , and you have mostly yellow undertones , DEFINITELY go for this one ... Definitely the choice to go if you yourself have yellow undertones in your skin , as the ash tones can make you look sick and discusting .
 I had read so many places that YOU MUST TONE AFTER BLEACHING , but I did n't think too much of it . I thought that purple shampoo would be enough to give me a cool-toned look . But I 've used this once now , and I know I 'm hooked for life ! This makes my blonde the perfect white-blonde I 've been looking for . It TOTALLY surpasses any purple shampooing or conditioning , or anything else you can think of to make your hair the color you really want.JUST BUY IT ALREADY !
 Nice item , hard to find locally so I was pleased to be able to get online for such a good price .
 This is your ticket . It dries quickly into a silicone-type layer over your nails to give the perfect base for a beautiful mani . This is the secret to lovely nails at home . I would n't skip this step for anything ! Follow with 2 coats of color and clear top coat . Your manicure will last and it also protects your nails from being stained by the color polish . Awesome stuff !
 I have been wearing acrylic nails for 4 months . I just got a full set put on 2 weeks ago . Over the holidays , I did n't get paid much , so I did n't have the money to get my nails filled . So , I bought this -LRB- along with some non-acetone nail polish remover -RRB- and thought , hey , if it does n't work I 'll just have to live with it . I took my nail polish off and filled the gap where my real nail was showing with OPI ridge filler . -LRB- I also covered the rest of my nail . -RRB- I painted over it , which required a couple extra coats of paint because this comes out white and it looks perfect . It looks like I went back to the salon and got them filled professionally . I will definitely be telling everyone about this product !!! Very pleased . Totally worth the price .
 I love this product . I use it as my base coat when i paint my nails at home . You seriously need a base coat it makes your nail polish last a lot longer . I actually got this product on sale for $ 1 -LRB- amazing right ? -RRB- and when i got home and tried it i was really impressed it worked really well . and my nails looked like i had went to the salon and got them done and my nail polish lasted way longer then normal . Great product !!!!!
 Bought this as a Christmas present for my wife and she says its great ! She said &#34; I use it everytime I paint my nails and It makes them look so much better &#34; .
 I got this as a base coat , and for that purpose it works really well . It 's easy to apply -LRB- the brush is easy to use -RRB- and dries to a matte , translucent white coat . Nail polish glides smoothly over it , just as I was expecting . It protects my nails from dark polishes and prevents my nails from chipping easily . I 'm unsure of how different it is than other regular base coats , but I really like and recommend this product .
 I use the ridge filler , one very light coat . Then I use a couple of coats of top coat and it looks like I have a french manicure .
 I read a lot of reviews about this baby and I must say ... OMG !!! this is by far the best ridge filler for my nails.I am very busy with house cleaning and gardening not to mentioned my dogs playing so that pretty much wears my manicure to nothing and the nail polish does not last me long ... maybe 3 days if I 'm lucky.After ready the reviews , I decided to try this OPI Ridge Filler and ... holy macaroni !!! I had my nails done 2 weeks and even though the nail polish is just NOW coming out ... the new grow of my nail has the nail polish intact , I can even feel the filler glued to my nail , it 's amazing , it 's like having acrylic without the inconvinience of the price and pain of the machine that grimes into your nails.Time for another manicure that will last 2 weeks : - -RRB-
 I 've been wanting this for awhile , and so glad I finally made the purchase . Fast , easy , and item is as described .
 Britto for Men -LRB- and Women -RRB- is a great scent . I never let mine run out ... or my husbands .
 Fast delivery , item as described . Thank you ! I get a lot of compliments on the fragrance .
 I take this on all my trips -LRB- and I do travel often -RRB- and it has come quite in handy . I like the interior and exterior leather smoothness and there is plenty of space for all my toiletry needs . Fits into my bag well and it looks nice too so its a wonderful piece of luggage
 I love this stuff . I have med/light ash brown hair and for a long time I was trying to find a color that matched mine , so I went through a lot of &#34; ash &#34; colors , but they always left me with a red undertone that I hated . Then I found this ... a good light brown with a gold undertone , which I color correct with violet to make certain I 'm counteracting any red that might like to pop out . I also use this with a 10 volume developer . I 'd say I have less than 10 % gray , so you 'd have to use a 20 volume developer to get really good gray coverage . This color imparts a warmth that 's believable and not red ... like ALL your other contemporaries out there with red-tinged hair -LRB- thanks to those horrid boxed at-home hair color kits -RRB- . Aside from the fact that the color gradually leaves my grays after a few weeks , the color 's staying power is excellent . I also use a L'Oreal shampoo -LRB- sulfate free -RRB- that claims to be formulated for colored hair that has uva/uvb protection in it , so maybe that helps the color too . Honestly , I only know it 's time to retouch when I see my roots , the color on the rest of my hair always looks fresh to me and not faded .
 I have been using the scent for around nine years and Love it , I have just finished my last bottle and cant find it where I live , may need to get it online now , thank goodness I can .
 Hard to find perfume - wife 's favorite . As promised ; when promised . All in all an excellant experience . Would recommend this vendor and fragrance .
 This is a fragrance that my daughter and I have loved for quite a few years but has been increasingly had to find . Now I go to Amazon for all my hard and not-so-hard to find items .
 The perfume of love which reveals mysteries and induces passions in the dark night was presented in 2001 . The powerful notes of Indian rose and Belle de Nuit blossoms which blooms and spreads odors in the darkness of the night , and closes in the early dawn -LRB- night lady -RRB- . The heart consists of orange , white tree and apricot notes , while the base , sensual and soft , brings waves of vanilla , amber and musk notes . By the way it looks , the bottle speaks for itself . It was designed in the shape of Luna , romantic and fantastic in the same time . It reminds of fairy tales and day-dreaming . === Personal review : Ghost Deep Night is a very difficult perfume to find nowadays . It 's a shame too because it is a good scent.I think it is the night blooming cereus in the top notes , but the opening was way too strong and heavy for me . I prefer a fruitier opening with a floral heart . But if you like your top layers floral , you 'd love this one.After a half hour or so the fruity heart developed . Peach , apricot , and a synthetic bubblegummy note I ca n't put my finger on -LRB- but wish they 'd left it out and put a fresher , greener note instead -RRB- . It did get slightly cloying.After about couple of hours the bottom notes showed up . Vanilla/woodsy notes along with some hints of the peach/apricot . Staying power is impressive . You only need to dab a litte . It is way too strong to apply liberally.Enjoy !
 This is great stuff.Since i started using this product , I 've seen a great reduction in Acne problems.Thank you , I give it 100 % or 5 stars .
 I have started to use this product about a few days ago . My face was broken out terribly but after a few uses , I have noticed my face has cleared up a lot . I am hoping it can fade some of my blemishes and dark marks . I know Benzyol peroxide is suppose to be good with clearing up marks . I have seen many users benefit from Proactive Solution , with skin very similar to mine , '' dark spots and all , '' but , I figured since this is working for me in a corresponding manner so , maybe I will see similiar results with the clearing up of dark marks ? Well , I will give it a few more weeks until the start can actually and really start to kick in . I noticed a tingle in my skin when I use the product the correct way , `` in circle motions . '' Great product ! Very fast results !
 No doubt about it I could not make it without this product . It gives my hair just the right amount of texture and body that I need . I hope they never discontinue this product . It is the best !
 I have Mont Blanc Presence -LRB- Black -RRB- but Presence Cool smells better than the one and it 's great for casual men to have a nice day ... I give it 5.0 / 5.0 .
 Very nice rare masculine smell . Just right proportion between sweetness and acerbity . The only concern is that on amazon it said i 'd get after shave and cologne but i got cologne only in package . Other than that great product .
 This fragrance is among my favorites . I always receive compliments when I wear it . It stays fresh and clean all day .
 Bought this item for my girlfriend and I guess she likes it , so will buy again if needed ! !
 Love this stuff ! Do n't think it will dry your nails * completely * , but it gets darn close . Base coat , two coats of color , and top coat ... 10 minutes after applying the Drip Dry , you 're good to go - even good to go to bed !
 This little bottle saves me tons of $ $ in manicures . I can use it at home and not mess my nails up . It really does dry it instantly - and leaves your cuticles moisturized . Win/Win .
 Drip dry nails has changed my nail life ! I would recommend it to any and everyone ! It dries your nails in about 5 minutes , instead of like the true hour it use to take . Now my nails are always done and fabulous !
 I do n't know what makes this product different from the others but so far it 's the best I 've used yet . I 'm able to do just about anything within minutes of painting my nails .
 I loved this nail drying product with all my heart and then my rat decided to chew the dropper that comes with it and it spilled all over the place . I 'm still reeling from that .
 I found that it 's better to apply the drip dry a couple minutes after your top coat . Drip dry effectively speeds up the drying time to 20/30 minutes . If you are looking for something to dry them instantly , you probably need a uv light or something .
 I 've been using this product for the last couple of years but I originally bought it from those expensive salons/makeup counters . It was a tiny , expensive bottle but it was totally worth the money because your polish dries quickly and for a busy mom that 's important . Then I found this size which is the best bargain ever !
 Love it ! Thank you so much . My nails dry so quickly when using this opi quick dry . Best nail dryer
 This stuff is excellent . Lets just say I didnt expect it to work THIS great ! I am so satisfied . For me , it was fully dried in about 10 minutes . I was actually able to do things with my hands after doing my nails ! I am so , so happy !
 I love this product . OPI Drip Dry does exactly what it says it does . Wait about 60 seconds after polishing your nails , apply and your nails are dry to touch in about 1 minute and hard dry in about 10 minutes with no smudges . I have even used this about 1/2 hour before going to bed and no sheet marks in the morning . Great product for women on the go !
 Good grief , I wish I 'd tried this product years ago . What formerly took me an hour -LRB- base coat , 2 coats of color , top coat -RRB- and even then was n't thoroughly dry , now took me 25 minutes and it 's DRY . I mean , I tried to smudge it on purpose , about 3 minutes after the `` totally dry '' time , and it did not budge . No more pushed-away color ! This is a must-have for me , from now on .
 OPI Drip Dry finishes a great manicure with a silky , quick-drying top ! Just put a drop or two on each nail after the top coat and wait a short while . It makes my nails shiny , smooth , and looking better than the results I see at some nail salons .
 This is the best product for nail drying in the world . It is the only product that keeps my nails from smudging . It drys to the touch -LRB- as it says on the container -RRB- in 5 minutes . It is my experience , if you buy decent nail polish and do n't slam your fingernails on something - it is dry enough to go out with in 5 minutes . It 's the best - nothing else compares and I 've tried spray , machines , drying polish , etc. .
 My salon uses this product to help my nail polish dry more quickly . I use it at home for my weekly touch-ups . I love how it `` sets '' the polish in a few minutes . I also like the conditioning oils in it .
 This a great nail dryer . Quick and easy . Especially when doing a thick coat or more than one coat . When the OPI Nail Drip Dry step is completed , I still limit activity for about an hour . Not that I 'm a prisoner to my nails . This is just not the time I choose to do laundry . OPI quality speaks for itself .
 This product has saved my life . No more air bubbles or worrying about smudging . I 'm pretty talented , so I do my manicures myself every week to save money . I love everything about having well manicured nails , but I hate the drying process . I feel crippled and always somehow manage to smudge at least one nail . I finally purchased the drip dry and my life is now complete lol :-RRB- -LRB- specifically my nail painting life -RRB- .
 This is a great product . I have been using this for many years . It does what it says , drys in about 5 minutes . To me , this works better than other spray nail dryers . Highly recommend this product ... Love that it can be purchased on Amazon .
 This product is amazing . Just apply two drops on each nail and you are done within minutes . For a quick nail fix and you are set to go . Love this product .
 I use this product all the time . Works great , I put this on and give it an extra five minutes and I am good to go .
 For once I was able to show off my nails because I could dry them safely with the Drip Dry without ruining them ! Easy to use , drys fast and works great ! Recommended !
 I was hesitant to purchase this because of the price and small size ... but I am so glad I did ! It works fantastic !!! I always put many many layers of nail polish and it takes forever to dry . This makes its almost instantly dry to the touch and completely dry in less than 10-15 min . Its worth the money and you only need one drop per nail ! So happy with the purchase !
 get the smaller one it lasts so long !!! also it works so well , my nails are dry before i put the cap back on !
 I 'm such an impatient person and this is great for me . It , of course wo n't dry to a hard dry in 60 seconds , but at least I can move around and it 'll be dry enough I do n't worry about the least little things touching my nails . I wish I found this sooner . Oh , and it looks like it will last forever because you do n't have to use but just a couple of drops .
 This is my one go-to product whenever I do a home manicure.This time of year , its hard to get to a salon to get my nails done , so I find most weeks I do my own nails late at night while watching TV . If you dont want to wait the hour or two it takes for your base/color/top coat to dry then I would absolutely recommend this product . I put it on and within a minute my nails are touch dry . I typically wait another 20-30 minutes though , just so I dont get those creases you get from going to bed with freshly painted nails.I also love that a little bit of the product goes a long way . Invest in the 1oz bottle and you wont be reordering for a year!Love it !
 This product helped me with my daily life . I 'm always painting my nails different but right after im done painting them , somebody calls me around the house to do a chore ! I would always mess up my nails and we all know that that 's no fun . So now I just drip this on and in about 30 seconds i can go out and finish things that i needed to do ! What would you rather do ? 50 cents for 30 seconds of drying time or having to ruin you 're nails and redo them which takes more time ? I recommend this to anyone and everyone .
 I gave this a try because I do n't wan na sit and wait forever for my nails to dry . I really like it because it is light and not oily . Smells nice too . I definitely would recommend this to a friend .
 I bought this product because I saw a girl on Youtube review it so I bought it the other day . It does work , BUT it 's not COMPLETELY dry in 60 seconds . You can touch it gently , but it 's not exactly safe to go around and do laundry or something . You have to be careful for about 5 minutes and then you 're safe .
 It does help dry the polish , but not in 5 minutes like it claims . More like 10 minutes or so . Still better than waiting for the polish to dry by itself .
 I bought this a while ago , but i used every bit of it ! It is the best . It works and dries quickly . Very useful for ladies on the go and for ladies who do nails .
 I paint my nails frequently and have tried other drying products , but just as you would expect from OPI , this product works better than the rest . Make sure you let your final coat set for about a min , then apply your nails will be dry to the touch in less than 5 min . Of course if you do anything silly like the dishes or go straight to bed you might guff them up anyway ... but that is just common sense.This product will always be stocked at my house . : -RRB-
 A friend turned me on to this awesome nail &#34; dryer &#34; - it 's not a brush or a spray , but an eye dropper that lets you put a little drop right on your finger , so you tilt your hand down when you apply it and it runs down the nail . No , it is not absolutely perfect , if you it wo n't dry your nails completely -LRB- especially if you put several coats on in a short period of time -RRB- , but it does firm up the top coat so it will resist smudges until the polish is completely dry . I totally recommend it .
 Love drip dry ! Ca n't believe how well it works and dries my polish almost instantly . Saves me from blanket marks in my manicure when I go to bed soon after finishing my nails .
 Whenever I want to paint my nails it 's too late at night and I always fall asleep when they are drying so this drops are a dream come true , they wo n't flash the thing out to like 2min but this willl definetly accelerate the proccess up to 10min or so . I fully recomend them !
 This was n't the best purchase I 've made , the product dried up in the bottle after a few months . I would n't purchase again .
 this product WORKS ! i felt kind of like a sucker when buying it because it feels like something that belongs on an infomercial , but then i figured it was by O.P.I so it could not be that bad . and i am glad i listed to the second voice in my head because my nails are so dry it is ridiculous . and i think there is a little oil or something in there to add a nice shine . i ca n't keep the guys off my hands !
 Love these drops ! I 'm they type of person that paints my nails every week and needs them to dry FAST . I have no patience when it comes to wet nails . Just drop onto polish after top coat and they 're dry in under 5 minutes!Note -- I also use OPI Rapidry Top Coat with this product , they work well together !
 I love this and will never be without it . one word of caution
 After 50 -LRB- ish -RRB- years of trying to polish my nails at home with the same result ; -LRB- paint my nails at night , take a shower the next morning , and the polish on the tips of my nails was all chipped off -RRB- , I finally found the answer -- OPI ! I have many ridges and imperfections in my natural nails -LRB- due to prior salon mishandling -RRB- . the ridge filler smoothed my nails out completely and provided a perfect base for polish . I used the Skip Chip first and top coat and almost a week later , I still have an awesome manicure . I finished off with the drip dry and no smudges or smears . I 'm so impressed . I will never use anything else except OPI . I like the products so much I ordered more colors and some cuticle oil . LOVE LOVE LOVE OPI .
 My daughter 's - in-law treated me to a manicure and pedicure for my birthday in January , this was the first time every and the salon used OPI product and this drip dry ... believe me after that I had to have some . I 'm always doing my nails and this stuff in fantastic . Have recommend this to all my friends , I just love it . Does exactly what it says in minutes . No more waiting around for my nails to dry and I can get on with life . LOVE IT
 A professional technician used this on me a few months back and I was stunned how quickly my toes dried ! I was happy to find it on Amazon and now I use it all the time . I take it with me to pedicure appointments and drip it on . Last week had a spa treatment , dripped it on , then put my strappy heels on 10 minutes later to go to dinner . My nails -LRB- 2 weeks later -RRB- still look fantastic !
 The nail dry is less expensive than I could purchase it from the salon . I pay $ 1 for a coating of it when I get a manicure !
 i do n't buy things typically but through word of mouth and this is great stuff ! this is def in my arsenal now ... buy it ... you 'll be amazed and love it . i use to wake up with lines on my nails ... not anymore !
 This stuff is SO cool . I bought one of the small bottles and used it up so fast I had to get this larger bottle . It does n't dry your polish quite as fast as it says -LRB- at least not in my climate -RRB- but I do n't have to wait an hour + after painting to have full use of my hands either . In Florida -LRB- hot and humid -RRB- I put this on about 1-2 minutes after painting . About 5 minutes later I can touch the polish without leaving a mark and about 20 minutes later it 's dried hard . I 've even used it right before going to bed and got up without sheet marks on my nails .
 This is the best thing I have seen for after you get your nails done and you do not want to smug them ... have your nail tech apply OPI Drip Dry and you are good to go !!!!!!!!
 The gal that does my manicures and pedicures uses this -- exclusively . I always like to have my own color on hand for emergencies-so bought this also -- it works really well . The trick is be a little patient ... do not use it for about 2 minutes after polishing -- then it 's SUPERB !
 Ive never used OPI products before so this was my first OPI product and the only reason i got it was because i heard so much about it from Juicystar07 on Youtube and so i had to try it and it amazing . It really works and works amazingly . I paint my nails all the time now because i know i dont have to wait hours for them to dry.Life Saver .
 Love this product . It dries your nails within 2 minutes max - and when I say dry , I mean REALLY dry ! I use this with the Seviche fast drying top coat , and it works great ! Although one caveat is to make sure you wait a full minute after you are done with your top coat to apply this , or it will make ripples in the top coat !
 I love this product ! I really love all of OPI 's products ... but this works really well for me . After a minute they are dry to the touch and after 5 minutes they are set . I will say that if you apply base , plus 2 coats of color and then a top coat it will take longer for them to completely dry but your nails will be somewhat dry . If you skip a layer of polish or the base they will dry much quicker .
 works , but not AS fast as everyone wrote . it sure is great though . if it was twice the price i would still buy it . i have kids , so i need my nails to dry faster than 2 hours . : -RRB-
 My nail salon normally carries this and without it I have to sit forever under the dryer , but they 've been out for quite a while so I took it upon myself to get my own and now it 's all good again -LRB- well , except for the jealous patrons who wish they had their own -RRB- . This is the best quick-dry for nails that I 've ever used .
 OPI Drip Dry does exactly what it says it will . Dry your nails enough in just minutes that you can go on doing the things you need to do instead of sitting around watching the paint dry . Have already purchased enough to last me a good long while since I like to paint my nails every other day .
 BUY THIS . NOW . I bought the larger bottle because of all of the good reviews it was getting , and I 'm sooooo happy I did . I have always had problems getting my nail polish to dry before I went to bed and would wake up with indents all over my nails , NO MORE ! This is amazing . I 'm so thankful for Amazon . I would have never known about this if I were n't browsing through nail polish stuff . Every girl who paints their nails all the time needs this .
 Most claims about nail drying tend to be either completely or mostly bogus , but this product delivers -- hence my purchase of a huge bottle after trying out the smaller versions . It does work amazingly well ; in fact , I now bring a small bottle to a salon and apply it there -- works much better than any of the stuff they have there and you can cut your nail druing time significantly . Just do not forget that this is essentially a refill , so you really need to purchase a set with dripper bottle -LRB- s -RRB- , like this oneOPI Nail Drip , Dry , 0.3 Ounce . They also have one with a larger 1oz dropper .
 This stuff is great !!! Easy to used and dry 's fast . I bought two bottles at a great price , the bottles are small but it was cheaper buying two small bottles than buying one big one . Will definitly be buying more when needed .
 Arrived on time and as described . These drying drops are phenomenal , I do n't know how I lived without them for so long . They definitely are a necessity .
 it dries the nail polish in about 6 min but only the surface . still if u want to purchase it buy the spray . it works a lot faster and a lot less messier
 I 'm always skeptical about these drying products . All the nail drying polishes claim to dry your nails in 60 seconds and such , but I still have not found that nail polish . This is a good alternative as long as you have a good top coat . put one drop on each nail and let dry for like 2 mins and you are done . Of course , the thicker the nail polish / the more coats you put , the longer it will take to dry . But that 's obvious . = -RRB-
 well worth the money ... works great . this is my second order and will continue to use . goes well over the opi polish too
 Great product . Works wonderfully . I love it ! OPI Drip Dry does exactly what it says it does . Wait about 60 seconds after polishing your nails , apply and your nails are dry to touch in about 1 minute and hard dry in about 10 minutes with no smudges . I have even used this about 1/2 hour before going to bed and no sheet marks in the morning .
 Product works great , after putting polish on my nails , I put a few drops and it 's dry within minutes . No more smugs !
 The item I love , and buy everytime I run out . It 's not something that you can just go to a store and buy unless of course you go to a bigger city . But the seller , I was robbed of my money for one of the bottles I bought and the shipping for that bottle . She said that she would send me another bottle , that was almost 3 weeks ago , I would n't recommend even my enemy doing business with her , unless you have money to throw away .
 Love this stuff ! I used it just before going on a trip and as I drove down the road my nails felt so smooth you 'd think they 'd been polished for several days . OPI products are wonderful !
 This is a very small brush , smaller than I expected it to be . I had purchased another brush from a different manufacturere but it proved to be too soft to get into the pores and clean thoroughly . This brush is very firm . I am a man . A woman might find this too firm for her skin . I thought that maybe it was too firm at first , but it softened up a little after a few days use . What good is a too-soft brush ? It wo n't clean anything . The only minor complaint I have is that the top of the brush should be flatter so that you could lay it on it 's base while it dries .
 I 've been a fan of natural bristle complextion brushes for 45 years . The circular shape makes this one easy to handle . Bristles have just the right amount of abrasion .
 its an awesome developer that matches the SATIN color line ... . its like liquid silk drenching your hair with color . no damaged ends simple and easy to use . Hello Kitty Mac Beauty Dry/wet PowderMac Hyper Real Spf 15 Foundation
 I have used 3 versions of Satin hair developer
 i love this develpoper it make my hair silky shiney and the glossy feel makes me complusivly stoke my hair lol Bliss Serious Seaweed Cellulite Soap 4 oz -LRB- 110 g -RRB- Hello Kitty Mac Beauty Dry/wet PowderMAC Hello Kitty Eyeliner
 I have extrmemely sensetive skin and am prone to painful chin breakouts . Since I started using this -LRB- in combination with ProActive -RRB- I have been even and smooth . It is creamy , smooth and hearty enough for our cold dry Alaskan winters . Pairs beautifully with the sensitive essentials night cream too . I tend to feel suffocated with anything on my face , but Not with this . Never any burning or irritating like with most moisturizers and makeups . My face actually misses this when I forget to use it . Especially at work -LRB- flight attendant -RRB- , if I do n't keep my senstive skim hydrated , I am miserable . THIS IS A MUST HAVE , and must have back up as well ! Goes with me everywhere , thank you DOVE !
 My skin loves this Dove Sensitive Essentials moisturizer , and I can never find it in the drug stores . Thank you , Amazon !
 truly good , this product is light weight and not at all greasy . It is pretty good on very sensitive skin , and after i used it the first night there was a noticeable difference in my acne , like they were reduced and my skin felt much softer . Great product .
 This is my favorite shampoo . I used to buy it locally , but when the store I purchased it at stopped carrying it , I started ordering it on line . I have fine , dry , naturally curly hair that is very hard to manage without the right products . Highly recommended
 This is one of the best products for the hair you can get.I tried to use a several of other brands before I find it on amazon -LRB- it is very expensive at the stores -RRB- and there is no such thing like this product . It is worth every cent you pay for it .
 I have numerous skin allergies and have never been able to use ANY sunblocker before this product . Each year I try one or two new SPF products -LRB- depending on the extent of my reaction to the first one -RRB- . This year , I tried Aveeno because it is advertised as hypoallergenic ... and it really is !!! It works great , lasts a long time & I have n't had a single bad reaction to it . Happy , happy , happy !
 i just received this item today and i immediately tried it out . first thought was to get the vanity case for this refill unless you want the towelettes to dry quickly ; but for those on-the-go or will be using this for travel , the refill pack works fine.one towelette is about the same size as your regular facial tissue , so i had to cut it in half . i think if i cut it in 4 i would still have enough surface area . as the product description mentioned , one side is smooth while the other has these green `` microbeads '' good for exfoliation . it felt a bit sticky to me when i used it on my face , and if i look closely it leaves a soapy residue which quickly evaporated . the sticky feeling also disappeared.it does remove oil and grime from your face but after about two hours my face was at its usual shininess - then again , it does n't really promise oil-control . there was no sting when i used it so i 'd assume that there are no harsh ingredients in it . i do n't have any feedback yet on whether it makes me break out or not since i just got it , but as far as first impressions go , i think these towelettes are excellent for midday touch-ups , especially for people -LRB- like me -RRB- who tend to get really oily by lunchtime .
 Ok , I know this stuff is marketed toward women , but I do n't care . It works!When I go to bed , it 's usually because I 'm tired ... When I 'm tired I really do n't feel like spending an extra 5 minutes washing my face . Especially when splashing water on my face wakes me up ... right before trying to fall asleep.These things solve that problem . A couple of quick wipes before bed , and I wake up zit free . Perfect !
 This is the best make-up remover/face cleanser towelettes I 've ever tried . It will get off every stitch of eye makeup and makeup . When I use this on my eyes to remove mascara there is no burning or stinging and its gets all the gunk off . After I used the towelette it did not leave a greasy residue or any residue on my skin ! It also does not make my combination skin break out.I 've used the Neutrogena wipes , did n't like them , Olay ones , did n't like , MAC didnt ' like , and Awake liked but too expensive . I highly recommend this product which I have and will continue to use .
 They are incredibly good these products are as the jewel in the crownThe skin is taking a fresh look of light are magnificentI 've been using this brand I recommend it 2 years 100 %
 First discovered Bvlgari at The Ritz Carlton in Laguna Niguel , California . Fell in love with the luxurious scent . I also own the body lotion , shower gel and shampoo/conditioner . They all smell so good . Fancy , sophisticated , rich . Like diamonds would smell , if they had a scent .
 I found out about this perfume after reading reviews about Westin 's White Tea & Aloe lotion . The scent of this perfume is similar , yet more sophisticated . I particularly love the base of musk . The scent lasts quite a long time with my chemistry and I have received quite a few compliments on it . I normally wear woodsy or oriental based scents and this au the blanc provides a soft , musky scent , which is different , but I love it . I am already looking into buying the matching lotion and shower toiletries.A great buy and worth every cent in my opinion . I hope that Bvlgari will continue making this scent for years to come .
 I love the smell of this cologne - and I 'm a girl . I first discovered it at a friend 's house -LRB- a boy -RRB- , and liked it so much , but I could n't figure out if it was for men or women . After some research I realized it is unisex , and you know exactly why the second you smell it . I ca n't describe it , because putting perfumes into words is terribly difficult , but I really love it . The downside is I noticed I started breaking out on my neck after starting using the perfume . It could be a coincidence with stress and hormones or lack of sleep , but there 's still a very slight chance I 'm actually allergic to it . Which is such a bummer because it 's such a unique and fantastic smell .
 This perfume has a clean , fresh scent that is n't overpowering . It 's a bit like baby powder , clean linens and a hint of floral . It 's a pretty perfume from someone who prefers a light , clean , feminine fragrance instead of a strong musky one . I 'd definitely buy it again .
 Love it ! I have been wearing this scent for 7 years now , and I still get compliments on it constantly !
 I have been wearing this for over a year now , and I ca n't say enough awesome things about it . Every time I wear it , I get compliments . It is such a crisp refreshing scent , not overpowering . A scent you can definitely wear everyday .
 Amazing , beautiful , wonderful , lovely , elegant , elegant , just imagine every word that describes something lovely and this perfume is it !! Best perfume in the world !!
 I had gotten some bath toiletries from a hotel in Punta Cana last year and really enjoyed the fragrance . I decided to try this to help make the scent last a little longer . I do n't seem to notice it after an hour or so , but others have complimented me on it so I guess it 's still there . It does smell good !
 I tried this cologne at Lebua Hotel in Bangkok and loved it . I ordered it from Amazon and the package came perfectly new . Love it !!!
 I was a bit skeptical b/c the price seemed almost too good to be true but I thought well it is coming directly from Amazon . I received this product within a week and it was in the original box wrapped with plastic . It smells great .
 A fresh clean everyday fragreance . I get lots of complements when I wear it . I love the lotion too.This can be hard to find .
 Received my product quick and at a great price . I 'll definitely be refilling my perfume with this company when I need to .
 I discovered this scent while staying at the Ritz Carlton in South Beach . It reminds me of my trip when I wear it : -RRB-
 Demure , sophisticated . Maybe a little masculine , but in a good way . I have not tried the other products available in this scent , but it 's almost the kind of smell you ca n't get too much of .
 My husband & I stayed at the Ritz Carlton , Half Moon Bay , CA and the entire place smelled like this cologne . They had the soap and shampoo in the rooms and I absolutely had to get the cologne for my husband when we left . It smells great and reminds me of our romantic stay every time I smell it .
 I orderded this item on a Monday afternoon and had it in my hands by Thursday . The scent is wonderful and I get compliments on it almost each time I wear it . I discovered this scent in the duty free store when returning from a recent vacation . The price through amazon ended up being half of that in the stores ... which included shipping !
 This fragrance is for men or women . It smells fabulous and does n't have a heavy scent to it . Whenever I wear it people always stop me to say how they love the fragrance and wonder what it is called and who it is by .
 I do n't understand why this product is n't more popular , it 's so effective . It 's much better than exfoliating cream , and although I have n't tried a sonic exfoliating product I have no desire to try since the Buf-Puf works so well , not to mention it 's much more economical .
 I have been a fan of the buff puff for many years now . I started using it when I was younger and had acne . I felt that the buff puff helped get rid of the dead skin cells which caused much of the clogging that creates acne . Now that I 'm older and my skin can be dry and often gets dry patched , I still use it because I feel that it clears these dry patches . Since it is gentle , it is not too harsh on the scrubbing . Also , it is such a great price compared to the costly Clarisonic .
 During the winter months my skin tends to get dry and flaky . With the combination of a good moisturizer and the daily use of the Buff-Puff this helps to lessen the problem of flaking dry skin . I prefer the Buf-Puf for gentle skin other the other types and it does the job for me . I 'll continue to buy this product . So far , so good .
 I 'm so glad to get finally find these since they are n't carry them in the stores .
 Knock off generic brands are never as good when it comes to facial puffs . These gentle ones are the best balance , as the regular is still a bit rough and the extra gentle pads fall apart quickly . These are the best .
 Whenever i wash my face with my clarisonic mia . . i am left with this white film on my face no matter what cleanser i am using or what brush i am using . . Well i bought a buff puff -LRB- under a different name at walmart -RRB- and used it last night . . no more white film on my face . . My skin looks good . . better than using my clairasonic mia . . No more band wagons for me .
 I have Rosacea and usually use a gentle scrub . This makes my face much more smoother than any scrub ever has ... and no irritation !!! My makeup just glides on.I was n't able to find it at any drug stores , so I ordered it here .
 I bought this Buf-Puf for my 83 yr old aunt who has been looking and looking in all the stores for a new buf-puf like she has used for many years . Apparently they are no longer available in stores but I found one thru good ol' Amazon :--RRB- They have everything ! I 'm assuming she likes it , she has n't said anything to the contrary . It 's a bit different , I think , than the one 's she used to get but basically the same . She was thrilled when I gave it to her . Do n't know how much this will help anyone except to know that you can find these here on Amazon if you 've been looking .
 I have sensitive skin , but have always desired a little `` scrubbed '' feeling when washing.The Buff Puff Gentle is the perfect solution.My only complaint is that it is no longer sold in stores.A bit of an inconvenience to have to send for it.But untill they resume selling it in stores , it is worth the extra effort .
 For several months I have n't been able to find my favorite facial sponge . In desperation , I googled the words Buff Puff , and up came Amazon , -LRB- my favorite site -RRB- . I ordered thru you , and now I 'm in fat city . Thanks so much .
 hard to find in stores , ca n't find anything similar . when you you find what you love , buy multiples ! luckily , they last a lomg time
 I thought they quit making the Buf Puf line but was quite glad to come across it here ! I bought the facial and body scrubs for the whole family to try . We all like them ! Highly recommend !
 I do n't know why these disappeared from the stores . They 're much better than a loofah . A little expensive though ! But they work great .
 Dont waste money on walnut scrubs and the like . These work better and last a long time . Use some good cleanser and you will be more exfoliated and have soft skin . They have regular and extra gentle too . Dont press too hard if it seems too harsh and dont try to use it dry . This is like a light micro dermabration which you can use daily . I have used these for years . They also have small ones with cleanser in them which are disposable . I love these !
 I was first introduced to Hanae Mori Magical Moon last year at Nordstrom 's . A salesperson sprayed it on a card , and it smelled so good . I was on a tight budget at the time , but now that things have gotten better , I decided to treat myself . And what a treat this parfum is . It has a light spicy musk scent to it . Since I 've bought it , I 've been wearing it almost daily , choosing it over another favorite of mine , Dkny Be Delicious By Donna Karan For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.4 Ounces . I 've received compliments on the scent , in particular from the opposite sex , so others are validating my love for this parfum . I did notice that during the day , the scent fades , so by the time I get home from work , it is barely noticable . It could be that by that time I 've gotten accustomed to the scent , or that it 's my skin type . I was reading somewhere that scent lasts based on skin type -LRB- I believe perfume 's last longer on oily skin -RRB- . Either way , I still love the Magical Moon and would recommend it to anyone .
 my fav fragrance ... got a very weak bottle the first time ... not sure what that was about but was promptly sent another
 Was pleased with product as I have been a Hanae Mori perfume buyer for years and it is getting more difficult to find . The time frame was quick and I would definitely buy again .
 After dabbling in multitudes of facial cleansers over much of my teenage and young adult life , I decided to try out this cleanser . I had previously had good results with the product line 's oil blotting papers , so I gave the skincare line a try.This cleanser has delivered so much more than I could have imagined ! I have used it for over 6 years now and have noticed remarkably more even skin tone and have not had a major acne breakout since ! -LRB- This could be due to getting older , but I am convinced that it is not a coincidence that it all ocurred when I began using this product . -RRB- I highly recommend it to anyone . It is worth paying more than picking up any ol' cleanser at the drug store .
 A friend who travels to the Carribean frequently brings to the women who work with him -LRB- including myself -RRB- little sample bottles of different perfumes and eau de colognes back from the duty-free ports . Consequently , we have all tried lots of fine perfumes . I find whenever I wear the Ysatis fragrance , I receive compliments all day about the scent . I was surprised to find that , at least when purchased through an Amazon partner , the Ysatis eau-de-cologne was no wheres near as expensive as a lot of the other perfumes and colognes which we have tried that are expensive but much less appealing .
 gentle cleansing towelette - not too harsh , not drying either - a nice combination for your face .
 She loves this scent and I 'm happy to get it for her for her birthday each year . Amazon has better prices than even Fragrance.net
 I would buy this again . All I can say is Thank you very much .
 Product arrived on time and in perfect condition . I would recommend this supplier again . I will most likely order again.Thanks
 I was first introduced to this perfume in the 80 's when my friend in high school wore it . I loved it . It was such a soft floral scent that was really feminine and girly . I sort of forgot about it over the years but smelled it the other day on someone passing by and a flood of memories came back . Now I have to buy some for myself . I forgot how lovely the scent was until I smelled it again !
 one of my favorite eau de toilettes , i do love Cacharel products , i also have the Noa by this designer not too strong , i definitely recommended it to anyone who prefers lighter smells .
 This perfume is the best smelling perfume . I have had more men compliment me on the way it smells!I have not changed it in 30 years . Why mess with perfection !
 This is a scent that my mother used to wear , and now something that I wear . Of course this does not mean that `` Anais Anais '' is a scent meant for a certain age group . Rather , `` Anais Anais '' is a timeless classic . It can be worn by anyone who has a penchant for romantic , flowery scents . I absolutely adore this scent and I 'm sure that like-minded people will too !!
 I have used this wonderful fragrance for nearly thirty years . It was introduced tome via my husband 's sister . I have a favorite fragrance of my own ; this one isnext to it . We are very lucky to have found it on Amazon . What a great price . Icould n't even try to beat that . We have gone to Bermuda in August of 1983 and whilethere we had purchased it . Thankfully for Amazon . My opinion you can not go wrong withthis wonderful fragrance . It is so flowing and you feel very pretty . I recommend toanyone with beauty from the inside out . Believe me you will not be disappointed.Make sure to purchase it from Amazon . I received mine in just three days . I wasso elated .
 Bought this item for my mom and got exactly what I wanted . She loved it . Really soft floral scent .
 Anais Anais has been my all-time favorite scent for more than 20 years ! It is a soft floral with a very subtle spicy undertone . Whenever I smell it , I am instantly relxed by it and find myself saying , `` ahhhhh '' . It is definately not too sweet , nor is it offensively strong . When I wear it , my husband always comments on it and he does n't notice any other scent I own . Everyone compliments me on it . I have asthma , and I can wear this with no problems . If you are looking for something different and very classy , this is it . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I absolutely love this fragrance ! It goes on with a little strength and ends with a soft fragrance of flowers . I will always wear this perfume , my husband loves it .
 Nothing else I know goes so well with spring & summer as Anais Anais . It 's a fragrance I 've loved for the past 25 yrs & still continue to wear it today -LRB- not every day , but it 's always in my perfume collection -RRB- . Fresh , floral , bright , vibrant , feminine , clean , invigorating . It never fails to lift my mood when I want a pick me up . On fabrics it lingers for days , which I love . Dries down beautifully & softly . Always a winner.I tried the eau de parfum also but I much prefer the eau de toilette which I find is lighter & fresher . The parfum is heavier in floral scent with more sillage . The price for the large 3.4 oz EDT here on Amazon is amazing compared to the 1.7 oz price .
 This is the Eau De Toilette Spray she uses with our grandchildren because it does not cause them any problems .
 I love this fragrance ! I wear it for ages and never could change it.It is very gentle , light.I love vanilla note.I think it fits my personality !
 Giving for a gift . Always a winner . There are n't enough words to discribe the soft fregrance of Anais Anais by Cacharel . !!!
 I love love this fragrance and wore it years ago . I was recently reminded of it , ordered this and it arrived quickly and in excellent condition . If you like a flowery aroma with a little sharpness , this is it . The scent remains for a long while after being sprayed . It 's excellent and just like I remembered !
 This was given as a gift and the price was definitely right for this classic perfume that I could not find in some brick and mortar stores at all . I am not a big fan of scents myself but this one is pretty nice and not over-powering like some of the modern perfumes .
 This has beem my wife 's favorite for over 20 years . I saw she had thrown her last one away as it was empty , so that gave me the perfect Valentines Day gift for her
 I tried this fragrance years ago on a lark and loved it . After seeing it again in a store , I came home and ordered it from Amazon . It 's the same delightful fragrance I remember , light floral with a very slightly woodsy note . Glad I went back to it !!
 I bought this perfume for myself as a graduation present over 20 yrs ago . I just reciently ran out and did n't know that it was still around . It 's very true that a good product will stick around for decades which I 'm grateful for .
 I had n't smelled Anais Anais in years . It was bought as a Christmas present for me long ago and when my current perfume was discontinued I decided to go back to it . It smelled just as beautiful now as it did then . Everything went very smoothly and I would buy from them again .
 I bought this as a gift . So I can only rate it on the expedience of the service .
 This is an awesome product . . For the price you cant get any perfume smell that awesome . . I am a Happy customer indeed .
 My wife really loves this product . I buy it for her often . I would highly recommend it if you love a perfume with a great smell that isnt over powering . Great product , great price .
 This is an oldie but goodie . So glad to find it again ! It is a delightful classic and made the best gift for a friend you used to wear this but could no longer find it .
 It is expensive perfume but , it smells great on my wife and it is her regular brand . It is very hard to find in the stores . It is soooo sexy .
 could not find it any cheaper , the real deal . you could pay as much as twice the price any where else . md
 I have been using Anais Anais for about twenty years and I love its soft , gentle floral fragrance . I have tried various other fragrances but Anais Anais is the only one for me . I receive complements all the time . I Love It .
 The product is new , I like me very much , it came without problems and it works well , thank you for everything
 I 've worn this fragrance for years , but the past several times I bought it the scent was not quite the same and was weaker , did n't last.However , this bottle is more like the old Anais-Anais . It lasts longer without being overpowering.Thank You
 I have been buying this for my wife for years . It is subtle and sexy all at the same time . Great product .
 Although it seems pricey -LRB- and what name brand smelly stuff is n't ? -RRB- my wife loves it , and that 's all that matters to me . She may give it 5 stars ; I think it 's OK -LRB- does n't choke me like many modern perfumes -RRB- ; it gets -LRB- 3 +5 -RRB- / 2 = 4 stars .
 Great perfume ! I do n't know why it was discontinued . Glad I can still get it.Ordering was fast and easy and shipping time was short.Highly recommend product and company .
 Magnificent fragrance ! Not recommended for those who are sensitive to high scents , will definitely induce a headache .
 This scent is the one that has remained after all others ... It 's light and fresh , and best of all I feel better by smelling it . I get compliments by those people that say , `` I do n't usually like perfume but ... '' I hope CK never discontinues it . This is the best price I 've ever found , too .
 I love this product . I used to wear it , and only stopped when I could not find it anymore . It smells great !!
 This is my ` signature ' fragrance and I get many compliments on it.It 's a light , airy scent.It is no longer available in the stores in my area . So if ever wish to try it - now is the time . It 's been discontinued in many places.LOVE IT !
 Love this cologne . Changes to harmonize with the wearer 's individual scent .
 I have tried to get this cologne in all the department stores , but have been told it has been discontinued . I was delighted to find its availability here at Amazon . I wear all of the Calvin Klein colognes , but Truth is my favorite ! I always am told how great I smell when wearing this fragrance .
 The perfume is wonderful . The scent stays on . At first the scent is very green then it turns sweet . The perfume arrived in a timely manner -- about three days . All in all a good purhcase .
 Truth is a nice perfum , I 'm using it during a day and I feel good and chic ...
 She loves the smell , says she plans on using often . Unfortunately , I have n't been able to smell it myself because she stays in another country but it 's nice to know she likes it .
 This has been my favorite perfume for over 10 years ! It 's the ONLY perfume that I ever get compliments from others when I wear it . Like most women I own a variety of perfumes from Victoria Secret , Bath & Body Works & many other designer names , but this one is my `` signature '' one . I can put it on at 6 am , & at 10 pm have someone tell me `` wow , you smell good '' ! It 's not an overpowering fragrance at all , but is still long-lasting .
 I have been a fan of Truth by Calvin Klein for years . Unfortunately , I started noticing that I could no longer purchase it at the perfume counter of any store because it was no longer available . Imagine my surprise -LRB- and enormous delight -RRB- when I realized I could purchase it through Amazon !! Thank heavens !! And the price of the 3.4 ounce bottle can not be beat ! Usually , the 1.7 ounce size costs about $ 35 dollars at the perfume counter . I love that for that same price point , I can get a bottle that 's double in size!So long as Amazon continues to make Truth available for purchase , I will be a repeat customer . : o -RRB-
 This product is my favorite ! I ca n't imagine why they discontinued it ! It is the best , not really floral , not really citrus . It 's great , subtle , and I wish they would bring it back !!!!
 Hello : Thank you so much for the excellent service , I love this fragance since 5 years ago an in the only place that I can find it is in internet , I 'm so happy . thanks again .
 Thanks , she loves it word word word word word wo word rd word word word word wow ord rd word rod word
 I will order again and again . I just love this scent . I believe this will replace Chanel Allure as my signature scent . More affordable and just as sexy . Love it !!!
 I just love this fragrance and it 's hard to find . I can always rely on Amazon to have what I need and to sell it for a reasonable price !
 I bought this item for my wife 's cousin . She likes it a lot . The fragrance is very good . Good product to be given as a gift .
 I have been looking for this fragrance for some time . I was so excited to see it on Amazon ! One of Calvin Klein 's best . Thanks !!!
 This has been my signature fragrance for the last 10 years . I hope they never discontinue it.Its just perfect and I always get compliments on it.Its not floral at the same time its not too musky.Love it !! Love it !! Love it !!!
 I purchased my favorite Truth Parfum just thinking I would havea regular size bottle . Wow ! it was a really large bottle and Iam very satisfied with it and it smells Divine !!!
 I am so disappointed I am unable to find this perfume in any stores ! I am glad I am able to find it on line !!! Truth is a light & refreshing essence ! Unlike so many of Calvin 's other perfumes -- which I find too heavy -- truth envelopes me with light floral aromas ! I need to find lotion !
 Truth by Calvin Klein has been my favorite for over 8 years . My recent purchase delivered was excellent . I have tried ordering from several online perfumeries as well as an occasional retail outlet that carries Truth . Not all are the same quality which led me to the realization that I needed to find another perfume that fits me . Not having any success in finding that perfect scent , I decided to try ordering Truth one more time . Voila ! I am happy knowing that I can still find the quality of Truth . I was happy with the delivery and will order from the same supplier again . Jewel
 If you 've ever wished you could spend thousands of dollars at a luxurious spa - now you can . At home . Try the exotically fragranced Algemarin in your bath . It will turn the bath water blue and you can dream you are in heaven . Algemarin is all natural . Pamper yourself .
 I 've used Algemarin bath products for a long time , and they are getting more difficult to find . My grandkids love taking bubble baths in the `` blue water '' Algemarin creates , and I love the scent . It works in the shower as well ... I use it as a liquid shower soap , and I even shampoo with it . Great Stuff !
 Thrilled to find this discontinued product ! Received it even before the date promised . Thanks.Thought I would never be able to find it again .
 I have been using Pheromone Gold Dust for years now and love the silky feeling of the powder and the awesome smell of pheromone .
 Gold Dust Body Powder by Marilyn Miglin is one beauty product I wo n't live without . I have worn this for many years both alone & with her Pheromone scented lotion & EDT . This fragrance has woodsey floral top notes , combined with rare ingredients such as Amber . There is NO MUSK in this product , which one finds so often in fragrances after the top notes fade . Pheromone lasts for hours . It is perfect for a night out ! I consider this to be my signature fragrance .
 super . i 'm in love with all pheromone products by marilyn miglin . i have been purchasing her products for 15 years . this is the first year through amazon.com . thanks
 Pheromone gold dust powder is a lovely way of enjoying Marilyn Miglin 's distinctive perfume . The scent makes you think of the exotic bazaars of Egypt .
 A great overall brush . It has natural bristles , is light weight , and feels good in the hand with a solid , natural hardwood handle/body . The bristles are fine enough , yet strong enough to handle the fine hair of our toddler , even if it 's still a little wet . I would easily recommend this product . Our little girl also likes to hold it and brush her own hair with it .
 As someone who was known for having Clinique 's Happy as her signature scent , I was looking for something different after hearing many friends and family members complain about how it was a headache inducer.I decided to give Marc Jacobs for Women a shot . It 's a soft floral that 's distinctly feminine which I like in a fragrance . I am someone who associates scent with a particular memory and this perfume reminds me of the fall with the leaves and wind blowing about in Central Park . Plus , it is n't too overpowering , but rather subtle . I often get compliments from co-workers about how good I smell whenever I wear this .
 `` Marc Jacobs '' the fragrance is young , fresh , and sensuous . It 's pure , understated , simple , and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before . Remember granny 's favorite gardenia perfume , a bit cloying , heavy ? Uh-uh forget that . This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge , it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note , as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich.This is a fragrance for confident , unconventional young women .
 Daisy and Lola are the more current and familiar Marc Jacobs fragrances , and they are very nice - but I have never found a fragrance I have enjoyed wearing daily as much as the original signature fragrance . It is intoxicating but without being heavy-handed . I have always loved the scent of a gardenia but until this lovely floral , have always experienced too much gardenia , overpowering and a little off-putting . Not so this one ! I have been wearing it continuously for about 5 years and really hope Mr. Jacobs keeps making it ! Receive many compliments , strangers even stopping me to ask exactly what fragrance I am wearing , where did I get it , etc. . I 'll be back for more Amazon because it is next to impossible to find it locally .
 This perfume is fresh and modern but very feminine and romantic . Everywhere I go people ask me what I 'm wearing snd absolutely love it . It 's surprising to have men I do n't know say how much they like this fragrance and want to know what it is so they can get it for their wives or girlfriends . I wear the lotion and the perfume and it lasts all day but is n't overpowering . Love it !!!
 love the scent.But many stores carry it.Shame to waste money on having it shipped as I did.Next time will save the money .
 My daughter was very pleased with the eau de parfum - something that had been on birthday wish list .
 I love this product . The lotion is moisturizing and the fragrance is my favorite . Will be buying it again from Amazon . Their prices are great - almost half of the department stores .
 She really likes this stuff and the reward for getting it for her is great ! ` Nuff said .
 This is my # 2 all time favorite body lotion ! Five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars hands down !!!!
 Great product . The item got lost in the mail and the seller was very accommodating in offering to replace it and contacting the post office . Satisfied purchaser .
 There are few today who do not know the name Marc Jacobs . His clothing designs have won a loyal following who appreciate his flair and awareness of what becomes women . His designs are understated yet elegant , classic yet innovative.He reflects the same qualities in his fragrances . Of his latest , Blush , Mr. Jacobs said , `` My garden in Paris is permeated with the delicate scent of Jasmine . For me , it is a smell of simple and intense glory - nature in grand performance . I feel a connection exists between this rich flower and the innate power of femininity . `` What words could better describe this fragrance ? Star Jasmine , which is grown in China and is the richest form of Jasmine , highlights the scent augmented by Japanese Honeysuckle , soft musks and wood notes . It 's dreamy , almost tender . Ultra feminine.The bottle is sleek , curved , a blush glass tone topped by a silver cap . Also included in the collection is Body Cream , Body Lotion , and Shower Gel .
 `` Marc Jacobs '' the fragrance is young , fresh , and sensuous . It 's pure , understated , simple , and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before . Remember granny 's favorite gardenia perfume , a bit cloying , heavy ? Uh-uh forget that . This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge , it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note , as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich.This is a fragrance for confident , unconventional young women .
 This is a laviah I-really-care-about-you gift featuring theMarc Jacobs frgrance and Body Lotion . If the scent of gardenias is your or her love , this is it ! `` Marc Jacobs '' the fragrance is young , fresh , and sensuous . It 's pure , understated , simple , and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before . Remember granny 's favorite gardenia perfume , a bit cloying , heavy ? Uh-uh forget that . This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge , it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note , as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich .
 `` Marc Jacobs '' the fragrance is young , fresh , and sensuous . It 's pure , understated , simple , and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before . Remember granny 's favorite gardenia perfume , a bit cloying , heavy ? Uh-uh forget that . This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge , it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note , as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich.This is a fragrance for confident , unconventional young women . It is also available in the 1.7 oz . edition at approximately one-half the price .
 This lovely , rich creamy lotion is the perfect partner for the Marc Jacobs parfumMarc Jacobs '' the fragrance is young , fresh , and sensuous . It 's pure , understated , simple , and unforgettable.Somehow he has done things with gardenias unheard of before . Remember granny 's favorite gardenia perfume , a bit cloying , heavy ? Uh-uh forget that . This interpretation of gardenia is cutting edge , it complements without overwhelming the wearer.Notes of Sicilian Bergamot and Tagete mingle with the top note , as accents of White Pepper and Egyptian Jasmine enrich .
 A gorgeous luxurious scent
 I have been using the entire line of Shiseido White Lucent Brightening products for a few months now and my skin has never looked better . I have noticed an increased improvement in the overall look and texture of my skin , and a big improvement in the evenness of tone . I especially like that there are options for different skin types . In the winter months my skin is dryer , like many women , so I have switched to the more moisturizing formulas of the White Lucent line . Great product !
 I have normal/combination skin , can be dry occasionally . It gets really sensitive during my spring pollen allergies . And western products like estee lauder -LRB- they always use too much fragrance!watch out ! -RRB- just made my skin worse . I 'm Asian so i decided to get back to Asian products.My original skin tone is very pale . So it tends to get dark spots during summer time . and it wo n't get tan enough for me to look good . it only looks messier . So i decided to stick to my original skin color . i wan na get rid of my uneven skin tone and make it brighter.The first day I used this product i fell in love . it 's so gentle that you can use it around your eyes without getting any irritation or feeling oily . I 've been using it for almost two weeks and i could tell the texture of my skin has been improved obviously.THE RESULTS are
 This lotion type moisturizing is not oily , but provides essential moisture the skin needs -LRB- the scent is very relaxing too -RRB- . At the same time , it actually conceals the small brown spots and acne scars on my face . Plus , it does provide sun protection of our delicate skin ... so I think it 's worth the money to buy Shiseido White Lucent again ...
 I 've been using this particular moisturizer for a few years now and it has become an absolute staple in my skincare routine . It lightens my acne scarring and evened out my skintone , I also noticed when I use this emulsion it makes my skin kind of translucent but in a good way . I could write about this all day and even did a thorough review about it along with a few other items on my blog -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It 's a great overall moisturizer and I definitely recommend it if you want bright even toned skin !
 before buying it I read all the reviews , and they are right . It is a good moisturizing and leaves my face smooth and not oily . I am more than happy . I am ready to buy the whole line of White Lucent products
 Swear by it , love it . This is an amazing skin care line , I 've been using it for the past year and have absolutely no complaints . I tried switching to the Pureness line by Shiseido , but it really is just way too light for my skin . The White Lucent line is for anyone with normal combination skin . It 's light enough to not be greasy , however hydrating enough to not dry out the skin.I would also recommend the Pureness matifying moisture as a nice balance for preventing shine when wearing face makeup . I often use just a dollop of Lucent moisturizer and then by the time I 'm ready to put my makeup on , I use a dollop of the matifying moisturizer which really does help to keep a balanced complexion throughout the day .
 I just wrote a review for a similar product . The toner . Softener . Check out the review in there . I 'm being lazy but this is definitely my number one brand of many many products I 've used for my skin . And I do mean many many many many . Lol .
 I have to have this hair dryer since my hair dresser uses this item and swears by it ! The price is half of the beauty supply store . Light in weight and still does a fast job . Gets hot ... not for use by children . A real find !
 I love this stuff ! 4 oz is a nice size but any size works . It is good for all kinds of stuff . Think of it as something you can spray on sheets when you stay in a hotel or something you can spray on yourself for a bug bite -LRB- skeeters -RRB- , or for a rash -LRB- heat rash -RRB- . You might smell like a pizza , so put it on at bedtime.I like the 4 oz size , but the bottle size really does not matter.Natural , edible , multipurpose pump spray with a bahzillion uses : Vegetable washAir cleanerHand cleanerToothbrush sprayFood cleanerEnvironmental spray odor neutralizerKitchen & bathroom cleanerPet deodorizerInsect repellantBody or foot deodorantSkin toner -LRB- ??? -- maybe because of the oil and lavender -RRB- Nursery spray -LRB- strong scent but natural -- instead of chemical -RRB- Public disinfectant -LRB- those toilet seats ! -RRB- Breath freshener -LRB- only if you kiss a pizza lover -RRB- Ingredients are oil of wild oregano , oil of lavender , oil of wild bay leaf , oil of clove and you can smell it right through the bottle -- so it is a real good strength.BTW , the product does not feel oily.It was recommended to me when all the swine flu stuff started by an herbalist friend as a `` critter '' deterrent and also as a disinfectant . I spray the sheets and the toilet seats in hotels when traveling . I also spray on my skin for a skin irritation or rash . You will likely feel a slight burning sensation when using on your skin , which I believe is the antiseptic properties killing germs.Note # 1 -- the bottle says keep away from eyes and genitals , which I would think to be a `` no brainer , '' but , people amaze me all the time.Note # 2 - if I am planning to spray it on my skin , I generally do that before bed . Otherwise , someone may think I am cooking pizza.Believe me , I would prefer a natural product over a chemical anytime.BTW -- You can also get drops -LRB- dropper bottle -RRB- to take orally under the tongue . Seems to work well to kill cold/flu germs but is strong . The first time will likely be a little shock . -LRB- Yeah . You too , tough guy . -RRB- You could mix with water if you need to or squirt on food , or at least have a glass of water ready and maybe put something in your stomach first .
 I am truly fanatic about ORegaSpray and oil of Oregano in general . I only buy the North American Herb and Spice brand , because it is the strongest . I use it for everything . It 's highly antiseptic . Read the book by Dr. Cass Ingram , `` The Cure is in the Cupboard , '' for the hundreds of ways you can use these products . It 's one of the best kept secrets , and I 'd almost like to keep it that way to make sure I always have a supply . I clean my fresh fruits and vegetables with it . You can use the oil or spray . I just spray and rinse . I spray my countertop and sink with it . It preserves my leafy green vegetables for up to 3 weeks after I clean them . It 's fantastic for sore throats . At the first sign - just open wide and spray 2-3 spurts on the back of the throat . Even if I 've been around or near someone with a cold , etc. . I spray my throat for safekeeping . THe capsules are excellent for infections , colds , etc. . I 'll stop ... did I say I was fanatic . It cleans the air in rooms , kills mold ... ` nuf said ? I make sure my grown kids keep a supply in their homes every winter.OBTW
 I love this stuff . You can spray it on food or on toys.You can not spray lysol on food . like lysol but unlike lysol it is not toxic when ingested . I would not spray lysol on anything my babies could ingest . I love this spray because if I drop something I can spray it and rinse it . I spray this in my mouth if my throat every feels bad and it helps right away . this stuff is awesome . does n't taste great but does the trick . -LRB- black cherry is also good for sore throats ... -RRB- I feel so much better having this around with my babies and feel so much safer with it . so many reason . when my kids have a scape or bump or bruise . -LRB- hylands bumps and bruises is good for the bruises but for the scrapes this is # 1 . -RRB- -LRB- I do n't say it does n't sting but I like to use this because it is natural . I trust it and prayer . -RRB- This is one of the first things I reach for . If there is any kind of need for disinfection I clean it with this .
 I use this primarily to spray it in the back of my throat to knock down a cough or relieve a sore throat it works wonders , Ha if you can take the hit of a couple sprays in your throat , might drop you to your knees for a minute . Worth it though if nothing else will bring relief .
 A friend shared her bottle with me while on vacation in Israel . I ordered on for myself as soon as I returned home , and use it at least twice a day , and share it with others .
 I just recently got a kidney transplant and I basically do n't have an immune system . I started using this when I think I get colds , I just spray it in my mouth . It feels like they instantly go away . I swear by this product now . I was in the hospital for 10 days with about 10 mouth ulcers and the doctors could n't fix it until I went home and discovered this.I really recommend it to people who get sick easily or want to prevent it .
 This is fabulous stuff . It smells sweet and is n't stucky or greasy . I have incredibly long , thick , heavy hair and I have never found a hair product that works before . It smooths frizzy hair and makes eliminates flyaways . It goes through your hair nicely and does n't leave any residue . I use this every day and find that , since using it , my hair is silkier and smoother-even without the product . I find it works best on mostly dry hair . Be careful-too much of it near the roots of your hair or it will look greasy . Highly recomended .
 I have used this haircut kit on myself and in a friend , and it 's working very good . The adjustable combs work fine , and I could n't find any other with that much range of sizes . I have n't had any trouble regarding the adjusting lock nor the weakness of the combs . It 's giving me good results and saving me money . I took the risk to buy it , although previous reviews were n't that good , I 'm happy it did n't disappointed me . I would like to have left/right ear combs for this trimmer , though .
 I bought these clippers to take on deployemnt to Iraq . I have found them to be quite good at cutting short military style haircuts . It 's battery has plenty of life to manage a whole haircut with juice to spare . The guides work well , but do not have enough variety of adjustment in the shorter lengths for `` buzz cuts '' and I would like the blades to cut a bit closer to the scalp without the guides . The clippers lack heft and I wonder about their durability over time . While these clippers should not be considered a replacement for a proper plug-in model they are a resonable substitute particularly if one is traveling outside the US where 50 Hz power makes regular clippers unusable .
 The Wahl 9627 hair cutting kit is a winner . I especially like the clipper combs that help control the cutting process . This allows me to cut my own hair between regular cuts . The battery powered feature is great too . It 's everything I hoped it would be .
 I replaced a Conair beard/mustache trimmer whose battery had died , and I 've been very happy with it . I like the fact that it can run with the power supply plugged in , not an option with the Conair . I 'm surprised at the negative comments in the other reviews , since I 've never had the adjustable comb -LRB- which controls how long it leaves your hair -RRB- fall off . I do agree that one of the combs in the kit is thin , but I like that factor . I find it works well for me when I 'm done washing my long hair in the shower . I use it to dump most of the water prior to toweling it dry . If you do n't like that kind of comb , go spend a buck or two for a good , stiff comb or three . I wear a full beard and often neglect shaving my neck and cheeks for days , and the trimmer with no comb is great to knock down the stubble before I shave it .
 It made a wonderful gift for Christmas hes used it twicw already . He thanks us all the time.Its great . Thank You !
 I purchased this 8 months ago and absolutely love it -- the only clippers on the face of the earth that have attachments up to 13/4 '' . Easy to use , change attachments , clean , and seems pretty durable -LRB- but I have soft , fine hair -RRB- . And costs less than a single haircut ! My only gripe is that after about 6 months , it stopped holding a charge at all . I 'll either return it to the manufacturer -LRB- has a 2-yr . warranty -RRB- or just use it over the sink rather than standing in the tub -LRB- LOL -RRB- .
 I have used a Wahl hairclipper for many years , but wanted one that was more portable and had guidecombs that would allow me to cut my hair a little longer . The Wahl model 9627 is compact and flexible . The guidecombs allow me to cut my hair up to 1 and 3/4 inches long . The unit can be used with or without a cord and the smaller size makes it easier to maneuver than larger ones . It does an excellent job of cutting hair . It does not appear to be as durable as my other Wahl clipper , but that is an acceptable tradeoff . It worked flawlessly out of the box and has a two yr warranty . The money I am saving on haircuts makes that a bargain .
 As other reviewers have noted , if you need heavy duty cutting clippers there are much better products available.On the other hand , if you want a clipper set that is lightweight , cordless , comes with two easy to adjust 1/8 to 13/4 inch comb guides at a reasonable price you will probably enjoy this product as much as I do .
 Cordless , powerful . They wear out but we like it so much , we just buy a replacement .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 this is good for people with dark brown hair to black . i have dark brown hiar the color of a hershey candy bar . wanted a light brown with iridescent blonde highlights when the light hits my hair - its like 2 tone . . this has it > ! minimizes red like it says cause it s a cool shade -LRB- warmer gives you red tones -RRB- and it is a hi lift , up to 4 shades lighter . this is great ! now that i used this , im hooked . other haircolors dont do what this does . ihave a nice caramel blondish brown shade . ! love it !
 I actually bought this stuff for my mother and she loves it . She has limp , thin hair and it does help with body . I would -LRB- well she would -RRB- recommend it to anyone who has thin hair .
 I used this cd -LRB- put it on my IPOD -RRB- for the last 4 months of my pregnancy , literally every night before bed . It was essential in preparing for the birth of my baby . I had a VBA2C -LRB- natural birth after 2 c-sections -RRB- and I attribute my success to this cd . I also used it during labor . I gave the cd to my doula after my baby was born so she can pass it on to other moms . The only thing more important in natural childbirth than this cd is a doula!There are 4 lengthy tracks on the cd . -LRB- these are explained in the product description -RRB- The product description is very accurate . The narrators voice is very calming and not at all distracting . There are other cds put out by this same company for non-vbac moms and I can imagine they are equally great .
 I really enjoy the CD . Hopefully it will help me relax when I give birth . Its a very relaxing CD to listen to .
 This was the Best price i found , the cologne was as Advertised , and it got to me fast . Thanks guys !
 And now it is my favorite . I am complimented constantly when I wear Red Tea by Bulgari . The woodsy , yet musky leafy scent is captivating and nothing like anything I have ever had before . It is light and wears on the skin for a long time to be discovered later , but does not necessarily follow you into the elevator . It will be a surprise and you will receive an &#34; oh my ! &#34; along with your kiss tonight .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 I 've had this hair dryer for at least 3 years now , and it still works great ! Never had a single problem with it .
 Because I 'm half black and half Asian , I have combination hair . I have naturally curly -LRB- not kinky -RRB- hair . Sometimes I want my hair to be straight , and sometimes I just want it to be curly . This product is TRULY a hair drying system . I 'm able to get my hair straight in less then half of the usual time it takes to normally straighten my hair with regular hair dryers -LRB- which is about an hour , and that 's before I take a hot iron to it ! -RRB- . When I use the hair dryer to straighten my hair , I do n't even need to put a hot iron to my hair afterwards ! When I want my hair curly , I just snap on the diffuser , and my hair is done in minutes -LRB- literally ! -RRB- . This product has four GREAT adapters that each work wonderfully , and because of that , you 'll never need a straightening iron , a curling iron , or any other hair burning appliances , EVER ! This product gives me `` salon-worthy '' hair time after time , and I KNOW it 'll do that same for you !
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 We could not find this product anywhere in stores and were thrilled to find it at Amazon . It was beautifully packaged and a great buy !
 This is a very nice set , presented in a very attractive box . It is a good value compared to buying each product individually . It is a light , clean scent good for everyday use .
 This smells so good and I could n't have found it for a better price . Definitely worth every penny to have my man smell like a dream !
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 It really is gentle and yet it really quickly removes all eye makeup with zero scrubbing ! Does n't sting if you get too close to your eyes or even on the edge of your eye.It 's great !
 I searched far and wide for a wall hair dryer that was compact , easy to use , and most importantly , had THREE SPEEDS . The Vidal Sassoon 1600 Professional Wall Hair Dryer is perfect ! And ... it is powerful . I use it every day to re-style my hair on days I do n't wash my hair . I found this hair dryer when I was visiting a hotel in Napa Valley , so I had a chance to try it for myself.I highly recommend it -- it 's Fantastic !
 Love this hair dryer . My first one lasted 8 years so I bought the exact same one to replace it . Also like the fact that the reset button is located on the dryer base & not on that little box connected to the plug-in . I have a small outlet space on the mirror to plug into & that little box plug-in on all the new hair dryers out there just will not fit & plug in . So if you have this dilemma here is your answer . This hair dryer just has a regular old two prong plug-in on the end of the cord ! ** UPDATE ** It 's a handy hair dryer but the second one I purchased burnt out in a just over a year - right after the warranty expired of course !
 The smell is a bit unusual , but it makes my hair feel great , along with the conditioner . Will purchase again . What I liked most about the product is the Apple Cider Vinegar and the other natural ingredients . I 'm of African American decent , so I have curly/wavy hair , and this product does n't lather greatly , so that 's good for my natural hair . If you 're used to lather , this is n't the product for you , but it you 're looking for natural , healthy hair products , I say , `` This is it ! ''
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother . She loved the gift , I loved the price . The packaging was a bonus for gift giving .
 I discovered CND when I was given a free sample of their polish . I was hooked . Next , I decided to try the Stickey base coat . I love it ! I * never * used to do my nails because they would end up chipping after 3 days . It just was n't worth the time and hassle . Now that I have discovered Stickey and CND , I do my nails about once every 10 days or so . The base coat helps to hold the polish and prevents chipping . After about 4-5 days , I may have a tiny , tiny chip on the end of a nail but it 's so easy to just touch up . Here 's how I use Stickey :1 -RRB- Buff my nails to remove ridges .2 -RRB- Apply one coat of Stickey to clean nails .3 -RRB- This is important -- while the Stickey is still slightly tacky , apply nail color -LRB- this helps it grab the polish -RRB- 4 -RRB- After color has mostly dried , I apply one coat of CND Air Dry topcoat . I start with my thumb and by the time I reach my pinky , the thumb is dry.That 's it and my nails look great ! Love , love , love CND products . I now use this brand over OPI .
 I 've tried just about every base coat on the market . I discovered this when I had my nails professionally manicured . I 've used it for 2 years and love it . I had trouble with staining , ridges and chipping . This base coat has solved all those problems . I work retail so my nails get lots of rough treatment .
 Six days ago I got a manicure and it still looks fresh . The manicurist used Stickey Base Coat , an OPI nail color and an OPI topcoat . Fabulous products . Never had a manicure stay so long !!!!!!!!
 I have tried every base coat on the market and nothing has worked . I was so sick of polish chipping off an hour after applying that I was doing research on investing in a uv dryer and soak off gel polishes . I found this sticky base coat and decided to give it a chance . Amazing . My nail polish stayed on for 7 full days two weeks in a row . Even after putting up a x-mas tree and decorating the house . Not a chip to be seen . Great product .
 This little blue bottle is full of magic . My first manicure using ` stickey ' lasted 8 days before I noticed two tiny chips . Joanie Rivers was my favorite base coat before I discovered stickey . The gal that gave specific direction for the application of stickey was correct , those direction were true to a tee . Try to apply your nail polish while stickey is still drying , it adheres to the nail polish more effectively . Good luck all .
 The stickey base coat is a dream for an at home manicure . I always have had issues with my manicure chipping a day or two -LRB- or even a few hours -RRB- after I freshly painted my nails . Creative Nail Design Stickey base coat really works ! I am going on day 5 and still no chips to be seen !
 As for CND Stickey , I do n't like the brush , and the tips of my polish rubbed off very quickly . Out of all the base coat products I have tried , CND Stickey is second best . -LRB- The best is China Glaze Strong Adhesion Base Coat . -RRB-
 Creative makes some of the best polishes today . Whether it be a basecoat , color or topcoat you can not go wrong with Creative .
 I had a few nail polishes that would bubble and chip no matter what I did , even though they were from `` good '' polish companies like OPI . No matter what top coat I tried , they would just bubble , wear off easily , not dry quickly enough , etc. . Based on other Amazon reviews , I bought a little bottle of this product at my local Ulta . It is wonderful ! Nail polishes that had frustrated me previously have gone on smoothly , lasted a week -LRB- ! -RRB- . NOTE :1 . I am using this in conjunction with CND 's Super Shiney Top Coat , which a lot of people do n't seem to like -- but it works great for me with CND Stickey Base Coat .2 . I have not tried Stickey with another brand of top coat -- just the Super Shiney .3 . I typically do my nails before bed , let them dry a little , fall asleep with them laid out on a towel , and hope for the best when I wake up the next day . With this product and the CND Shiney Top Coat , I do n't wake up with `` bed nails '' -LRB- term stolen from another reviewer -RRB- the next day from nails that did n't dry quickly enough .4 . I have not done any research into the ingredients.If you have kids in the house , there 's hardly time to keep one 's nails polished . This product really , really helps.I am , again , impressed at how smooth , shiny , long-lasting , and strong my nail polish has been since I started using this product .
 Sticky Base Coat . This is the best basecoat ever , your polish WILL NOT peel or chip . It grabs your polish and hold on tight !
 In combination with the creative nail UV topcoat -LRB- which does n't really need UV to cure -RRB- , this extends my pedicure to a week without any chips . It even lasts this long with cheap nail polish and wearing sandals or going bare-foot every day .
 Does my manicure last a ridiculous length of time ? YES !! That aspect of this product is unbelievable!Drawback
 Love this stuff . Best base coat ever . It keeps my polsh on and keeps my nails from yellowing when polish is removed
 I 'm a huge fan of this base coat . I feel like I 've tried every brand out there and this is the only one that I can get at least 5 days of flawless looking nails . It is the best !!
 This product is the only one on the market that really works to protect your nails and help your polish stay on .
 I tried this because of the Amazon reviews . I usually use gel polish , but the colors are so limited , and I had some new OPI polish to try . I used the cnd base coat , then two coats of OPI , and then a top coat . It lasted quite nicely for over a week . I 'm pretty hard on my hands -LRB- I 'm a radiologic technologist -RRB- , so for me , a week is good . If your job is n't too demanding on your nails , it might last even longer .
 Thought I would test this out with all of the good reviews it got . Put it on my nails and the polish stayed on for about 3 days , but that 's because I wash the dishes without gloves by that time . I use my hands a lot ; when I used my hands the way I do everyday , not a chip in sight . Unfortunately , not base coat can survive dishpan soaked hands . You will have to use gloves -LRB- which I do n't like -RRB- when washing dishes in order to keep your polish on .
 Nice base coat . My nails chip very quickly , so I 'm always looking for the best base coat I can to help remedy that . Although it was n't a miracle cure to my nail chipping -LRB- I 'm not sure if anything will ever be -RRB- , it did help in preventing major chips . For anybody who is n't hard on their nails , this would probably work much better for them .
 I purchased the CND Stickey Base , along with their tip coat and have been very happy with my purchase . It goes on smoothly and makes my polish last . A little goes a long way !
 This product arrived quickly & was packaged well . It also REALLY works the way it says it will ! I have been having problems with my manicure chipping 1 or 2 days after I polish my nails . I 'm not careful in using my hands , so I blamed it on that . I was actually going to give up polishing them except for special occasions . Then I heard about Stickey & decided to give it a try . My manicure has lasted more than a week ! It 's a great product !
 I 've tried a number of basic coats and this is by far the best . I 've used it on the corner of my nails over my polish as well .
 I loooooove this base coat ! As someone who does her own nails all the time , I swear by the stuff . It keeps your polish on for way longer than any other basecoast , dries quickly , and keeps polish from bleeding into my nails . Sadly , it fell out of my car the other day and broke so I need to buy a new one .
 I have recommended Stickey Base Coat to all of my friends . It is absolutely the best base coat I have ever used . Nail polish stays on well past all of the other products .
 Came through the mail so much faster than I thought it would - safely packaged and sent - great product . Thanks !
 I am so glad I tried Stickey . I have tried OPI and Sally Hansen and with both I get chips in my polish after a few days . my manicures now last 5-10 days !!! Worth the money .
 I use this base coat every time I apply my polish . It works great to prevent chipping .
 this base coat is good in that it really DOES help with longer lasting nail polishes . usually with a normal OPI base coat , my nail polish chips within 2 days after 2 layers and an essie top coat . however , this helps it up to 5 days ! and if you sandwich it , even without a top coat it lasts for 5 days without chips!to sandwich , you put this stickey base , then a layer of nail polish , then another layer of stickey base , then another layer of nail polish.however i do n't usually do that because it takes longer to dry i think . and i like having top coat to make the polish shinier . altho i have n't tried sandwiching AND top coat , so results might be even better!relatively cheap and i 've only seen it sold on amazon and salons.One thing is that it does not prevent the yellowing of nails = /
 Cleansing and Treatment is the key to keeping that healthy glow . The ingredients in this product supply your skin with nourishment . I am delighted that I found it on Amazon as it is costly at Saks . It also evens out your skintones . Try it .
 my friend recommended it to me , and i tried it although it is very expensive just for a facial cleanser , the result is I LIKE IT A LOT ! it is so gentle while cleaning your face . its worth the money ,
 I absolutely love this body wash . It leaves your skin feeling so smooth and has such a wonderfully refreshing scent . Fantastic !
 I 've never seen this product in stores but love the rainbath body wash . It was refreshing and not too harsh .
 So bummed that I ca n't find Kneipp bath oils anywhere anymore - maybe they 're not available on the east coast ? Anyway , this little bottle is worth the money . You do n't have to use the cap to measure , it does n't make that much difference to just dribble a few drops into the bath , and it lasts longer that way . Heavenly scent !
 Kneipp 's bath oils are the best on the market . This is my particular favorite , but I use several and have for many years . The company produces the highest quality of bath products .
 I am not a perfume type of person I am more on the earthy side of things i.e. Kush , Patchouli and Sandalwood oils . Around 2002 or 2003 when Glow first came out I tried the tester and I immediately fell in love with it . This fragrance has a clean , sexy and soft scent . To me it 's not over powering like some fragrances I have come across . I have asthma , allergies and sinus issues and I have to say that this fragrance do not irritate my issues at all . As a matter of fact I actually stop using my oils b/c of those reasons . I get compliments from women and men .
 When I visited Israel , I purchased an Ahava product and was hooked ! All of their products , including the eye cream , have a fresh light scent and work very well for me . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Very refreshing ! After a day in a pool or beach , under the sun , it is what you will need ! Recommended .
 Best moisturizer in the world . Moisturizes , cools , not greasy or sticky , does n't block pores , does n't sweat off . Useful all year round , not just for `` after sun . '' Pleasant unisex fragrance.This beats hollow the tiny jars and tubes of expensive goop sold at cosmetics counters . Stock up before they change it or discontinue it .
 What cherry did for Coke , tea tree has done for shampoo . Invigorating and deep cleaning , you know you 've washed up when you use this stuff . If someone other than Mitchell is making this , I have n't seen it , but this does everything I am looking for . They have expanded the line to other products , so do n't limit yourself . One note
 I had problems for years with itching and flakes . Tried every dandruff shampoo on the market . This stuff works ! One word of caution
 Good product . I like the tingling feeling especially when you first wake up in the morning . It came in a pump bottle . I would recommend .
 Bought the shampoo and happy with the purchase my only complaint is the picture posted as the item is not the same size bottle being sold . Still happy with it overall . Got ta keep the hair clean somehow .
 Great smell and the tingle is cool . It makes hair soft , but seems to strip too much oil out , though my hair is never oily -LRB- even after camping for a week -RRB- . I only use it as shampoo twice a week.Five stars for use on skin , though . I used Nuetregena -LRB- sp ? -RRB- before and it was ok . The shampoo calmed my face down the first time I used it though . Acne is now gone completly . Do n't pick though , acne looks more ready to leave but it will go away without your help -LRB- that 's gross anyway -RRB- . Maybe I 've got unique skin , but my wife tried it too , and we 're frankly shocked . She had some acne from newly cut bangs , but it 's gone . It is almost a miracle facewash -LRB- for us two anyway -RRB- . If it goes off the market , I think we 'll stockpile it .
 I went looking for Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special shampoo . I found a variety on Amazon . I ordered the 32 oz size , I placed the order on 11/19 and received it on 11/23 . Very timely transaction . Thanks for a good experience
 My lips are always dry and chapped -LRB- I 'm outdoors a lot -RRB- . Regular lip balm does n't seem to do the trick anymore - ever since I use this item . This `` Banana Boat '' stick is wide enough to cover my lips with one swoop - plus very moist and long-wearing . The fact that it 's SPF30 is a bonus !!!
 This is very good makeup . It is used by my wife.Her Dermotologist feels that it is a good choice and should be wornevery day . It is recommended .
 i like this foundation . I still use it and alternate it with another one . It is clean and fresh .
 I love this . It 's my favorite item out of the whole Dessert Treats collection . It moisturizes and tastes delicious once on the skin . It is fun , young , and flirty . With that said , I 'm 15 . So it 's perfect for my age group and a little older . I bought this with a set of different products I got on ebay , and I am very pleased with this . I got this in ` Cotton Candy ' . It leaves your hands feeling soft and smelling -LRB- and tasting ! -RRB- delicious . My friends always try it whenever they come over . However , I do n't really understand the point of the sprinkles . I do n't really know one person who eats sprinkles like they eat chips . And it 's not like the ` Whipped Cream ' is actual whipped cream . So the sprinkles are useless . It has a decent lasting power and the taste of the product will still be on you 're skin hours after you put it on.I would definately recommend this product . Get these products while they still are around . These things are still selling five years later . Take up the chance to get this , because who knows ? Five years from NOW you might hardly ever find these things still around .
 Smells great in combo with Sarah Jessica Parker 's Covet ... it meshes well with the chocolate scent and takes Covet 's severity down a notch . Sweet taste last quite awhile . My fiance loves it !! Careful to keep the temp . you store it in stable -- if it gets too cold it 'll get watery .
 i new what i was getting before i got it i purchased dessert products before but there very hard to find now i am glad i was able to find them again i just love these products by dessert there great and as long as there out there i will continue to buy them
 Been wearing this Cologne for years . Complements from the girls all the time . Clean , fresh , not a sweet fragrance
 I have been searching for a cologne for my husband that is different , in a good way . Some of the colognes are so overpowering and they all smell the same . This cologne is just perfect . He receives many compliments on how great he smells !! Luckily , I am not the jealous type .
 Okay people . I really do n't keep up with whether it is Eau De Toilet or cologne . All I know is how it smells.This makes me smell important and Western European.I 'm not European but I am important.Purchase it . I assure you it is one of the best smelling colognes out there .
 This is a great cologne at a super great price because it 's a tester with no cap but who cares . It was a FULL bottle and smells great !
 This is my favorite fragrance for my husband . When his last bottle ran out , I found this on Amazon at a good price and the shipping was really quick .
 i love my fragrance Bulgari , beautiful , wonderful , perfect , incrible , nice!i love my fragrance Bulgari , beautiful , wonderful , perfect , incrible , nice !
 I am very grateful for this product because it had already time looking , thank you very much , keep it up
 This was a gift for my son at Christmas and he just loves this scent . He usually gets this cologne every year .
 Essence and smell goes away to soon . Need to improve and work on the perfume to stay longer on the body .
 really good product and just what i expected , is get on time and is just beautiful and original botton line i love it
 Got it for Christmas for my Dad , its my favorite cologne and his as well.If you want an amazing smell that is n't overpowering but subtle and clean , this is the one !
 My favorite cologne ! I ca n't ever find this in stores in this size . I was able to purchase the 3.4 oz for what is being charged for 1.7 oz in the factory stores . Product was delivered WAY ahead of est. delivery date and exactly as described . Thank you Amazon !
 I test scents at Sax Fifth Avenue and purchase online . This is a nice , clean scent . Women love it . Worth it .
 Eu sou muito muito apaixonada por este perfume , apesar de masculino , uso muito e , sempre recebo elogios com ele . Amo !!
 Producto de Excelente Calidad , el cual cumpli&oacute; con el tiempo de entrega establecido . Debido a lo delicado del producto el empaque estuvo adecuado para su anejo y manipulaci&oacute;n .
 It was the same product i got on the plane i was on first class and this product is great got a lot of compliments on the fragrance from people
 Some people have said that these products dont taste good . Let me tell you that the visual appeal alone is well worth the price . Of course this doesnt taste like real whipped cream but it is sort of tasty and sweet . The bottom line is if you enjoy your partner , this is an added bonus . But if you dont like to kiss your partner all over this isnt going to be a magic solution .
 I had used this cream for several years and I should say that is an excelent product . I have had excelent results .
 This stuff is great . A timeless aroma , and a concoction that really keeps your hair looking beautiful . I have short hair and use just a tiny bit after a shower . I 've been using it regularly for almost a year and a half and the bottle is still more than 3/4 full . Great stuff . I 've yet to try any of the other Bay Rums out there , Dominica , etc. . I might think about trying some when this bottle runs out ... if I 'm still alive ! Highly recommended .
 Love the perfum . The service is great too , shipping is fast , and the item is very well-packed .
 This haircolor product is one of the most beautiful shades of red I 've ever come across . It 's definitely not for someone who wants `` natural '' looking color . It 's the color of dark cherries . I love it !
 In a perfume world where everything smells like some kind of schlocky hotel soap , all of them battling to outdo each other with their power of soapiness , this is a treasure.I was in Macy 's , between floors in the mall , moving purposefully from one purchase to another when I caught a whiff of this as I strode through the ladies ' makeup department . It hit me like an olfactory smack in the side of the head , and I stopped and spun . Now , I 'm no stud and no ladies man , but I went right up to the woman showing this to the lady customer , and boldly and without the slightest bit of hestiation told both of them that it was the most original and intriguing thing I 've just about ever smelled , and that I had to hear and smell some more.I could n't help right then but think of the lessons I 'd read about in the amazingThe Game
 I have plenty of perfume bottles but Michael Kors is the only one I wear . This is the only perfume that still smells throughout the whole day . I will never switch !
 Nice purfume for that specail one in your life . Michael Kors hits this one of the park . This is money well spent to make that special person radiate goodness !
 I ordered this for my wife for Cristmas and she absolutely loves it . She owns 30-40 diferent bottles of perfum and has been using the Michael Kors exclusively ever sence .
 This is my favorite perfume that I wear daily . Such a great scent that you can wear all year round . This is my second time ordering from this seller . I order on Wednesday and received my box on Thursday afternoon . Fantastic .
 Only Pefume My Wife Will Wear !!! Her and The Girls Love M.K. . She Has Me Wearing Michael Kors Clothes now .
 This was a gift for my 21 year old daughter , who just loves it ! What a wonderful fragrance ! Thank you Michael Kors ! She loved it !
 Men & Women compliment me on this smell all the time & it works with me all day long . I love this fragrance ... time for me to re-order , my bottle is getting low . I 'm not giving it a chance to run out . Highly recommended if it works with your body chemistry .
 I love using this scent . It arrived on time , well packaged , smells like the real thing . What more can I say ? Go ahead and buy .
 I got the best price in the market , and the product arrived on time . When I wear this parfum people ask about it because they like the scent .
 I have loved Muchael Kors since the first time I experienced it ! This is a classy fragrance that gets compliments from men and women . It stays on you for hours and does not leave a sickening after fragrance when you leave the room . If you are looking for a classy , upbeat , and sophisticated fragrance , this is the one .
 This is my favorite perfume in the whole world ! It is not cheap , and I was so happy to find it on amazon a little cheaper then at Sephora . I am so happy !
 This is my favorite perfume . I love floral scents and this was a great price , much less than retail . Michael Kors is great .
 My wife has used this perfume for several years now and has always been satisfied with the scent . It has never been overwhelming or `` too much '' . It has a very feminine odor that men will notice . Sort of expensive but well worth it .
 Always get so many comments on this perfume when I wear it . Always a fave with my friends , and people who get too close to me in line
 Over the years , no matter what this fragrance is what I keep coming back to . I really like this scent and the price is great .
 The way it develops is pure genius . The opening spritz is floral , yet it is a cheerfully refreshing morning floral . It starts very bright . It develops into a round , well balanced feminine yet light fragrance . Perfection for your day at work or a nice lunch . At the end of the day , you are left with a woodsy , sensual , musky fragrance that is perfect for an evening date without touch up or reapplication.I can not give high enough praise to this scent . I have worn it almost every day to work for almost 10yrs . What can you say above that ?
 I have been using Michael Kohrs for over 3 years . It is my favorite fragrance after using a dozen different top quality fragrances . It is beautifully floral , sophisticated and stays very long . It has a soap-like fresh smell that gives you a feeeling as if you just took a bath . I highly recommend it to women of all ages .
 My mother 's family originated from Hawaii . I was very fortunate to go back with her as a teenager and again many times as an adult with my husband and son . This scent takes me back to the lucsicous smells of the tropical gardens my relatives tended to so lovingly , and as I spray the Eau de Parfume on I am transported back in time to where I sat under a fragrant plumeria tree stringing leis with my cousins in order to greet other members of my family from the mainland who were arriving via the Lurline , an ocealiner whose old time charm belongs to another era . The peace , tranquility and the connection that I have with the elegant gardenia scent as well as the other tropical blends in this fragrance takes me back to that simpler , happier time and I am forever that young girl.I strongly recommend Michael Kors `` Hawaii '' as well , but I find that `` Michael '' seems to stay on my skin longer emiting the serene , sensuous fragrance throughout the day . I can close my eyes and feel the joy of being lucky enough to belong to a heritage that has brought me a lifetime of memories , as `` Michael '' reminds me of how deeply rooted I am and will always be to this paradise on earth and my beautiful family .
 I had researched this product and it had a surplus of great reviews . Here is another ! Thanks Amazon !
 I love this perfume and it ca n't be found in stores anymore . This product arrived within a weeks time and I was very pleased !
 The delivery was correct and the price was way lower than the rest of the sites , including the official sales point .
 This classic floral scent is amazing on any woman . This is what beauty smells like . Understated but not weak . It just smells like a woman .
 This perfume is amazing . Everytime I wear it I always get compliments . Subtle and unique .
 Everyone comments when I wear this and my daughter says I have found my signature scent .
 Just as good as if I bought it at Nordstrom , but paid a bit less
 This perfume surely has a subtle and unique scent . I really love this perfume and enjoy the refreshment after pumping . . I do never intend to degrade the quality of one of my favorite perfumes by saying this , but it is somewhat comparable to the one of the air-fresher scents that was so refreshing as well . . But one thing that I like to point out is , this one has a little too heavy and dense aroma comparing to other products , so I 'd rather pump it only once or twice . It maybe because this one is ` Eau de Parfum ' . . not ` Eau de Toilette . I highly admire the maker 's talent to discover/create this special scent .
 This is an amazing perfume . I bought it for my wife and it smells wonderful .
 Michael by Michael Kors is a beautiful , heavenly white floral scent that will get you lots of compliments , IF , and only IF , you use it with a light hand . One to two mists is all you need to last an entire day . I recommend misting it , rather than spraying it closely to your skin . Although Michael is a soft , beautiful tuberose scent , it is STRONG . A little goes a very long way . The notes in this fragrance are so unique ! The tuberose dominates it , but it captures the creaminess of the flower so well , by combining incense , freesia , and lily to name a few . Do n't worry , this is not a smoky scent by any means , even though it has ` incense ' . It seems to make its way into the fragrance beautifully , and without yelling that it 's there.At major department stores , you can find a 1.7 oz . for $ 65 . I think it used to be $ 60 , but they 've increased the price . The bottle is unique , but not the prettiest thing I 've seen either . It 's a bit large and obnoxious , and does n't have a cap , but it is still nice enough to display.Try this out on your skin ! I think this one mixes with each person 's body chemistry differently . On some people , it truly is horrendous . But on others , it 's a subtle breath of fresh air .
 For a while my husband bought me this perfume for every occasion until I had to tell him I have enough to last 10 years . He actually could 've written the review by rugby007 , but alas , he 's not that poetic . He loves it more than I do . That 's saying a lot . I wear two perfumes , this and Fracas by Robert Piguet . Both have a dominant note of tuberose , but are very different . Michael attract comments from men , while women compliment me more when I wear Fracas . You ca n't go wrong with the eau de parfum . It does not fade . They also make a shimmering body creme to die for .
 I have been stopped on the street from someone that got a whiff of my perfume . He said he wanted the name so he can buy it for his wife . I like the gardenia smell . It 's a fresh scent . this perfume can be over sprayed and be overwhelming if sprayed too much . Out of all of my perfumes , this one gets the most compliments from men and women .
 I never leave home without one of these ... and to make sure I 've purchased enough for each one of my regular purses . I have about 5 or 6 in rotation . I used to have my spritzers refilled at the department store perfume counter , but no longer ! I 've been wearing MK scent since it came out years ago , and find the gloss component of this set , to be the most deliciously perfect scent , feel , and color a girl could as for . I travel a lot and this is the easiest way to ensure I 'm never without my signature scent or gloss when on the go . As Joan Rivers would say , `` If you do n't buy this ... you 're stupid '' it 's really that good .
 I 'm a big fan of Tubersose , and I went in search for the perfect floral scent that was n't too gaudy/heavy/grandmothery and this is it ! I also tested Fracas -LRB- which was too heavy/overwhelming -RRB- and Marc Jacobs -LRB- which was also a great floral scent ... more gardenia though -RRB- . A little goes a long way -LRB- as with any Parfum -RRB- , so a spritz on a pulse point lasts through most of the day . This scent is very sophisticated and definitely deserves a space at the front of your perfume tray !
 This is a very beautiful , sensual and exotic , intoxicating floral scent . I once tried a friend 's Michael Kohrs Hawaii -LRB- which he does n't make anymore -RRB- and it was stunning . This scent is very similar to that one , I absolutely love it . Great for day or evening .
 I do not shop at Victora Secrets any More . I have got More Questions about what are U wearing Halo Ladies ask Men ask what are U wearing . I even was ask in a Eleavor by a welldress lady . when I am working it last the next day I can smell still on my shirt I Love it wear it all the time.I wish Icould aford more are at xmas . IT does not change on my skin if it doesit smells better . ever one loves the smell on me .
 This perfume is sooo good smelling . I get rave reviews anytime I wear it . Worth every penny .
 i bought this for my boyfriend for christmas and he says it works great . the razor holder wont hold the type of razor he uses but i dont think he really cares from what he says he is extremely satisfied .
 This product works well . It truly does n't fog up in the shower . However , the magnification in the mirror is a bit high .
 Delivered quickly . . the price was right ... works just fine ... what more could you want ?
 Mirror works pretty well . It does fog up , but you can just wipe away the condensation and it 's fine . Razor does not fit in slot though . Has to rest under the mirror .
 Over the years I 've been exposed to a rating scheme that I think is pretty good . Outstanding , Excellent , Satisfactory , Marginal or Unsatisfactory.On this scale I 'd rate this mirror an Excellent ! It does n't seem to stay quite as clear as I had hoped , but it is clear enough for close up in-the-shower shaving . That 's why I wanted it . So far , excellent product.Hope this helps !
 I bought this product for my husband . He is very pleased with the style and functionality . It has good suction for stability on the shower wall and does work as advertised .
 I bought this for my husband last year and he seemed to enjoy it . We put it up over a year ago and the suction cups have held it in place with no issues . My husband just asked for another one for our other bathroom so I figured I 'd write a review while ordering a second one .
 Mirror works very well in shower . Does not fog up . Use fog free cleaning solution only to clean , otherwise , it will scratch mirror surface .
 I had been shaving in the shower for years . When I bought my condo 6 years ago I could not get the shower head off my shower and was afraid I would twist it off . I therefore could not reattach my shower mirror that ran the water through it.After not having a shower mirror for all those years I decided to give this one a try . I have only had it for a couple weeks.The suction cup mount promptly fell right off the wall , but the two sided tape holds solid . The reflection is good and I 'm back to shaving in the shower !!
 It sticks very well to our surround wall . It does fog up a little , especially if you take really hot showers -LRB- like me -RRB- , but with a swipe of your hand or a splash of water , it goes fogless again with no residue , so all in all , I 'm happy with the purchase . It was actually for my husband who wanted to save time by shaving in the shower , and from what I hear , he 's quite satisfied with it .
 After going through many different brands of mirors over the years I finally settled on this one about fifteen years ago and have always bought this same mirror ever since . I 've even ordered by mail when I could n't find in retail stores and before Amazon and internet shopping became the norm . The reason I keep buying this prodcut is simple ; it works well , is easilly cleaned and lasts for two years . My problem with previous mirrors is that they were cheaply made , would n't stick or only last a few months . Without spending a fortune I always keep two of these . One in the shower and one as a backup for when I finally give up on the one I 'm currently using . I have no problems with the mirror ever not sticking . The only time it falls is if I go away for a week or more and hav n't used the shower . Even then it rarely falls . The only reason I change them out is that over time the reflective coating will chip away on the edges and at some point -LRB- usually between one and two years -RRB- I feel like replacing . To clean my mirror I occasionally have to spray with soap scum remover that I use to clean my bathroom . I simply spray the mirror when I clean the shower , let sit for 10 seconds and then rinse off . I 'm sure their are safer and better ways to clean which would allow the mirrow to last longer , but for the price I do n't mind replacing these every few years . Again , having tried many other brands in the past , I 've found this one to be the best value for the money and most importantly it lasts a long time .
 It actually stays stuck to the wall of the shower ! Image very clear if you run a little water over the mirror when ready to shave .
 this is my second mirror and it works great , i thought i would use the microscopic part of the mirror , i mean i used it to shave not reconstructive work on my nose or something . anyway , you might have to clean it more often then i do and it probably would n't fog as much . but after all that said it does the job , just clean it every week
 This is my second one . First one I only put two of the suction cups on the back and after about 3 years , it fell off the way and broke the razor holding base . Put all three cups on the back and so far , it sticks like it was glued to the shower wall .
 I originally purchased this little mirror for my husband to shave in the shower . He did n't use it so I took it and placed it on my vanity mirror for getting ready in the morning . Because it is somewhat magnified , it is perfect for me to tweeze my eyebrows and apply my eye makeup ! Now I am buying one for my daughter to use . The fogless feature is nice because when you are close up it wo n't fog up by you breathing on it . The suction cups work great too . I love it .
 I like it better than my old one . I would reccomend this item to my friends and son-in-laws .
 The Magnification was the selling point for me and it works as advertised but like most mirrors it still fogs during your shower . Overall though I 'm happy with the purchase .
 So far this mirror has worked out great . I use it in the shower and it helps speed up my morning routine greatly . It remains fog free and the vacuum cups hold well . I would recommend this product .
 This was the most reasonable shower mirror and I thought I would try it for my husband so he could shave in the shower . There were other mirrors more expensive , but some had negative reviews so I did n't want to invest much in one and find out it did n't work well . My husband really likes this . It does get fogged up , but you just wipe it away . It magnifies also . I immediately lost the sticky things that you can use to hang it with , but we just have it on a little built in shelf in the shower and it works just fine .
 Have had this mirror for nearly 4 years , still clear , adjusting is a snap . Super Goop is neccesary after a few years to keep it on the wall , or what ever will do the job.Windex and spray off with water , Do n't use washcloth or anything else on it , Will Scrach !!!!!!!!
 I have another Z`Fogless Ultra Mirror for more than 3 years and still works fine ... Now I bought another one so me and my wife stop changing its place !
 When you can clear the surface , and get a nice layer of water on the mirror , it works great . But that requires using this special cleaning pad , and they only supply you with one pad . Otherwise , a nice product .
 I 've gone through several fogless mirrors in the last 20 years and this one is simply the best . I owned one before made by Z fogless and could not find a replacement when it was broken . I had tried many other brands and found them to cloud up soon after I got them . The Z Fogless is the best shower mirror and the price beat all the competition including ebay .
 Sheesh some of the reviews on here make your head spin . This is a very simple thing with 3 plastic suction cups . You must have a filthy house if they do n't stick . They fit perfectly onto a single 4 inch tile . The mirror works great . It fogs up briefly if its cold then it 's fine . It 's not glamorous or expensive looking . Does the job .
 Great buy ! I bought this for my husband so he could shave in the shower . He loves it . It fell off the wall twice at first , but I did n't have it stuck properly with the suction cups . There are three suction cups and you only need to use the top two of them for a good solid hold .
 It does n't get foggy in the shower . And that 's what I was looking for . Great for men with sensitive skin so they can shave while showering .
 This is the second mirror that I have owned from this manufacturer . The first one lasted three years with minimal maintenance performed , quite a bargain for such a cheap mirror . While still functional at the end of that time , it finally sucumbed to water spots/stains and my desire to get a new one . The three suction cups have a double cup design and work better than most with only occasional adjustments needed to adhere it to the flat surface of the shower . Others have discussed the limited number of cleaning pads supplied by the manufacturer which is true , but again for the price only so much should be expected . As an alternative to the cleaning pads after each use I spray a generic daily shower cleaner on the surface of the mirror which keeps the water spots from forming as well as maintains it 's anti fog capabilities .
 I 've been holding off reviewing until I gave this a solid try . I 've had it for 4 months now , and not one problem ... well , one minor one , but not the product 's fault . The bottom suction cup wo n't hold because I have a grout line between 2 tile . The upper 2 cups hold it securely enough , tho . All I 've ever had to do is get 1 hand full of water to splash on the mirror , and I 'm good to shave . How simple is that ? Works great!Now it 's 11-17-11 and this mirror still works like a charm . Just got done using it , so that 's why I 'm back here . Throw some water on it , and still very clear.The 2 cups still holding . Hope this helps.Now it 's 10-21-12 and it 's still effective by just throwing some water on it , and it 's holding strong .
 This is now the third mirror that I have purchased . Every time I move I seem to break or lose a mirror and hate the weeks or months it takes me to finally break down and get a new one . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this mirror ! They have even made improvements to the suction cups so that they stick to smooth surfaces even better . The old suction cups used to let go at about 0200 after about 4 months of holding . I have had the new mirror on glass block in our shower and can not even get it to budge it is stuck so hard . Great improvement.Thanks .
 The zadro suction cup mirror is ideal for traveling . I will make my adjustments . I bought a regular mirror -LRB- no magnifying -RRB- and take duct tape to attach it to the side I will be using , that way when traveling I can see the back of my hair while styling . The other advantage is the magnifying makes it easy to apply makeup , pluck eyebrows , nose hairs , hairs around mouth . I only wished they had a clip on non-magnifying mirror included than I would not have to make my own .
 I am very happy with the product and the purchase price I received from Amazon . I just had cataracts removed and I could not even see to apply my eye make-up . Thank you !!!
 This is the best suction cup magnifing mirror ! Do n't be discouraged by pass ones you may have purchased that fell off your mirror -LRB- usually in the middle of the night ... go figure ! -RRB- Anyway , I have bought several as gifts and everyone loves it . Just to add , Everyone should own one , better you see it first before someone else does !
 My cousin gave me one of these as part of a present . She loves hers and knew I would love one too ! Her sister gave it to her . She found out about it from the teachers she works with ... we all love it ! Now my electrolysis lady wants some for her studio . Use it and love it !
 i love this mirror , i can see much better to put on my makeup , so glad i bought it , i am going to order a couple more for my sisters for christmas gifts , they used mine and loved it ,
 THE SUCTION CUPS WOULD NOT HOLD ON ANY SURFACE , SO HAD TO SCREW THE UNIT TO THE WALL . BUT THE MIRRORS ARE JUST WHAT I WANTED ! -LRB- it 's true
 I ordered this and it came in a timely manner.This is the best magnified mirror on the market for the money.I would recommend it for everyone .
 I can now see to put my makeup on again ! I would recommend this mirror to everyone !
 I am very impressed by not only the mirror quality , but by the strength of the suction cups . The mirror is very powerful - I can see a little too much on my face ! :o-RRB- It has made applying makeup very easy for me as I am quite far sighted and have a hard time seeing what I am doing in a regular mirror .
 Product was just what was described , and arrived promptly , even at the beginning of Christmas season ! The magnification on the mirrors was incredible . Thank you !
 I love this , it blends very well and shimmery but no glitter and is light but colorful . I use this frequently !
 The item -LRB- Eye Shadow -RRB- is exactly what I ordered and wanted . I got the item from the vendor very quick . I am pleased .
 Very nice soap with a good lather . Would be better if it was a little stronger or something to sweeten the aroma . Over all I really like this soap .
 and though I wish it were a little stronger on the Patchouli scent -LRB- i tend to over do things so -RRB- I think the Manufacturers have the right balance . Will buy again .
 this is one of my best soaps from the past.Love the fragrance . I usually buy this and use it rather sparingly.My husband says it makes my bathroom smell great after my shower .
 all patchouli is different but I adore this ! My daughter in law bought this and my other favorite scent , sandalwood . Both are wonderful . I ca n't see how anyone who loves these types of earthy scents would n't love either of these .
 Smells nice and strong . Last a long time . Lathers good . Bought the sandalwood soap also and loved it too . Great product .
 I have used the Neutrogena Mineral Sheers # 20 for eyes for several years now . The product is wonderful for sensitive skin , as it does not have as much dye as many eye shadows often do . The eye shadow remains true to its color throughout the day and diffidently has staying power . I love Neutrogena products .
 This intriguing men 's cologne is made in England . A very small sample of it was given to me by my sister-in-law in England five or six years ago . I did n't even wear men 's cologne at the time . Out of curiosity , I tried it , and I loved it immediately . As I used up the sample , I was excited to find out later that Kiton is available here in the States . Every time I wear it I get effusive compliments from women . It is subtle , but there 's something in it that absolutely gets their attention . Yes , it 's expensive , but if you are going to use any men 's cologne at all , might as well use the best .
 This is so handy , easy to slip into a bag . Beauty on the go : - -RRB-
 like I said in my other reviews , I love this whole line . I have them as gifts to my bridesmaids and everyone loved them . This color is not what shows up on your lips , it goes on clear with a little bit of shimmer and shine . Its smells just like the real thing !
 I purchased the Sunflower Gift Basket a few weeks ago and was shocked at how big the basket was . However , this basket was not so big , so naturally I was a little disappointed . It is a very nice , but small gift basket . I would not pay the original price for it , by no means , but it is well worth the $ 4.99 that I paid . It will make a very nice gift for those occasions when you do n't want to spend a lot .
 I purchased The Concentrate a year ago when I had a rhinoplasty , and put it on the incision line after the stitches came out . Now , there is n't scar ! It is also suitable for the most sensitive skin , which I have . The Creme slightly aggrivated my skin and the Concentrate did not . It may cost more than the Creme , but it lasts about five months when used in moderation . I recommend it it anyone who wants scarless skin post-surgery .
 This is very good product and shipping is very fast , Thank you . I will absolutely order more and Thank you so much
 I 'm usually a fan of the musky cologne but its light and a different smell than I have smelled before . Hight suggest
 This is the best fresh scent ever ! I am allergic to some colognes , but this one is just perfect . A light fresh scent when my husband wears it . Hard to find in the retail stores , so glad I shop Amazon !
 I originally wore Desire by dunhill . A salesgirl asked me to test Fresh because she liked it . ever since , I wear nothing else . I receive numerous compliments on my cologne all the time . it is a very clean and fresh fragarence , the kind men Desire .
 I know you 're not supposed to put silicone in your hair . But I just use a tiny bit of this stuff . Less than a dime . Pea-size amount rubbed in palms then spread on ends . It makes my dry , fly-away hair - shiny and smooth .
 I bought this hairdryer at my salon about 6 yrs ago - it has been amazing . I 've never had a hair dryer last this long . Hair dryers usually catch on fire after I use them for 6-12 months . I have shoulder length very thick and wavy hair that I blow dry straight . I have probably saved hours of drying time over the years - this dryer is much more powerful than the cheaper models . My dry time dropped from 15-20 minutes to 10 . It is finally starting to make a funny noise after it 's on for 8 or 9 minutes , so I am in the market for a new one . I will probably end up buying the same model .
 This is the best top coat made int he market today . The shine lasts and can not be beat . Creative makes the best polishes in the industry .
 I use this about every 5 days over my nail polish , and it makes it all look shiny and freshly polished.Best topcoat I have ever used .
 I 've been using Pine Tar soap for over 30 years . Anyone who tells you they like the scent -- well , just consider them `` different '' -- but to each his own.I write this review so that you will buy Pine Tar soap for the right reasons and not be disappointed when you find out the fragrance is less than pleasant.I use Pine Tar soap because I have extremely oily skin and I 've never found anything as good -LRB- except Noevir , which was * exceptional * but cost more than $ 5 an ounce -RRB- . Pine Tar soap has value for skin irritations but that has never been one of my needs.I 've only used Packer 's and Grandpa 's . I found Packer 's a little superior but also more expensive.Search for price .
 ok , i might be a bit weird in this , but I LOVE the smell of this soap ! To me , it smells like an autumn campfire , and it brings with it such a sense of joyful relaxation that i like using it even though i do n't really have skin problems . Be prepared for the absolute delight of the earthy rich aroma that it has ... ahhhh ... . oh , and do n't be put off by the black color . it is a great cleanser !
 I am glad to have purchased this . My skin improves day after day in the skin brightening and spot fading department .
 I have acne and oily combo skin . The products I use to dry out my acne strip the natural oils from my face . This product has been used for three months now . I do not break out from it and my skin really feels great . You have to keep using it for several weeks to allow your face to adjust . I really like derma e products and I just reordered two bottles .
 This is awesome lotion , smells delicious , feels good , and is a great size for a bag . Smells minty , juciy , and sweet , but not overwhelmingly so . Wish I had n't lost mine !
 These are amazing bridesmaids gifts and go over really well . I got a bunch of different ones for my girls and everybody went wild . They smell so good and go on clear without being sticky . The little box is adorable and even has a mirror ...
 The whole series is great , not only for yourself but also as gifts for any of your female friends ... they look like ice cubes when the box is closed . The color goes on clear and there is a wonderful shimmer to it . The smell is amazing !! plus there 's a great little mirror . I am such a fan of Not Soap Radio , they 're always super nice when I order and never forget to put some samples in the package . Love it !
 My girlfriend got this for me and it is great . The scent is young but not `` high school '' . It starts out as strongly citrus and dies down to a longer lasting musk with citrus notes . Reallycool and not as popular as the other Hugo scents so you can feel like you are wearing something different . Do n't spray too much or too quickly before an event becasue the initial sprays are strong ... allow it time to breath on you . Well worth it . The girls love it .
 I got this as a gift from my dad couple of years ago and got hooked to it . Many commented positively on the smell . I would definitely recommend this to all age groups ...
 I 'm actually wearing this scent today as I write this so I can tell you with some authority that it really gives your well dressed look the perfect aura . Another grown up choice .
 Could n't find this anywhere anymore near my hometown . Found it on Amazon for about $ 20 less than what I used to pay in stores -LRB- and still no shipping charges ; also arrived in less than a week -RRB- ...
 Bought this for hubby for Valentine 's day and he loved it , too . Sure beats not having to go fight the crowds at the mall and pay full price for this perfume . It has a very sexy and manly smell .
 Lets start off by saying that this Cologne is a good Cologne . The scent takes a little getting used to at first as it is grapefruit like . It is a subtle scent that really lasts . I sprayed it on my jacket and it lasted over a week . I got tons of comments on it and one girl who borrowed my jacket did n't wan na give it back . Great Cologne and great bottle .
 My husband sniffed out this scent during a layover at the airport on the way to our honeymoon . We did n't buy it , so I had been looking in stores for it ever since . Found it on amazon for a great low price and gave it to him for Xmas . Love this scent ... it is manly but not too heavy and smells fresh !
 It one of the less known fragrances and a lot of people keep asking me about it . It smells great.I would buy from this company again and recommend it to others .
 great scent love this cologne . very soft and long lasting . definetly recommend to anyone who likes long lasting soft smells
 I was so happy to see that I could still purchase this . It has been discontinued for quit a while now . It is the only cologne that my husband and I both like !
 Great perfume , excellent smell , perfect price , just GREAT , but the only wrong about this
 SOY DE VENEZUELA , ME LLEGO EN PERFECTO COMO LO ESPERABA , MUY BUENO EL PREDUCTO YA LO HE COMPRADO EN OTRAS OPORTUNIDAD ESTE PERFUME Y ME ENCANTA NO LO CAMBIO POR NADA
 I bought some of this a couple of years ago at a TJ Maxx on a whim and it is my favorite scent of all time . It 's gentlemanly without being wimpy , sexy without smelling like a gigolo and crisp without smelling like a fruit basket . To me , it smells like very clean laundry on steroids . If you want a good , clean smell that does n't overpower -LRB- and lasts a while -RRB- , this is money well spent .
 Excellent ! ... The product arrived without problems , fully recommendedExcellent ! ... The product arrived without problems , fully recommendedExcellent ! ... The product arrived without problems , fully recommended
 This cologne is perfect for day or night . It 's sexy , not overpowering , and warm . My man smells amazing when wearing it .
 I ordered this for my husband since this has been his cologne for years and recently run out . BTW I love how it smells ! It smells sooo good ! It 's definitely the real deal . This comes in a big bottle and wo n't run out anytime soon . I bought it for 30-something dollars so that was a good deal because at a mall , perfume store , etc. . I would have paid lots more for the same product . Thanks Amazon !
 es mejor mejor que este en tu armario no debe faltar , a tiempo entrega y buen precio , ademas de un envio muy eficaz
 The product is great , just as I remember smelling it in the store . It arrived in a timely fashion , and was packaged great . What else is there to say .
 I have used this spray for 2 + years and will continue to do so . It has a very subtle citrus smell that is not too strong but it lasts all day . I have a really active lifestyle and this spray has been useful in both business and social situations . I bought the 2.5 oz sized bottle and it lasted me about 15 months so this is a great valued product .
 Obviously taste is subjective when it comes to this sort of thing , but I personally enjoy the fragrance of this product and have received numerous complements from women on it . The girlfriend very much enjoys it as well . Amazon 's price is about the best you can get for this item outside of a sale , and the convenience makes it worth it in any case . Highly recommended .
 Hugo Energise By Hugo Boss For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 OuncesGRATEFUL THE PRODUCT ARRIVED IN PERFECT CONDITION , THANKS.I AM VERY HAPPY
 This Cologne is incredible and the fact that it 's rare makes it even better . Out of all the Hugo Boss lines of colognes I have a hard time finding this one locally and not too many people know of it . It has a citrus , woody , fresh spicy smell that will certainly catch the ladies attention . My wife loves it on me . I recommend this cologne without a doubt .
 Bought this cologne in a department store in the Philippines . Paid top dollar for it , unlike the prices here on amazon . But I wanted some cologne , smelled many , and this was my favorite in the store . My bottle is almost empty at this point and I 'd consider buying more .
 I am very happy with the cologne and the purchase from Amazon.Just a very amazing product.Definitely for the younger crowd.Highly-recommended !
 This is a nice scent . I smelled some at the store today . It smells kind of familiar though . I held off on purchasing it.Some of it got on my sweatshirt and so far I like the way it 's smelling on me . So I may go back and get it .
 GREAT SCENT , NEVER GET TIRED OF IT . IT 'S NOT TOO STRONG OR HEAVY , JUST RIGHT .
 I love this cologne and it was in the best condition when i received it
 This fragrance is wonderful , smells delicious and this pack can be carried in a purse
 Love the product , just the right amount of both the perfume and lotion . Enjoy the fragrance and sometimes hard to find this particular item .
 I smelled this fragrance in a magazine in junior high , and have been looking for it for years . Finally found it and I love it . It 's appropriate for work and a night out .
 ThisTarte Double Ended Lipglossgloss tastes delicious ! It also feels good on the lips and provides a nice shine . Plus , the cute names are based on famous couples - a lot of fun !
 I love this lip gloss ! The idea of matching up compatible colors and naming them after fictional couples is so creative ! The lip gloss is n't sticky and is very high quality . I recommend the Elle-Emmett -LRB- Legally Blonde -RRB- stick , the color of the gloss is lovely .
 This stuff is brilliant ; I was expecting a very small amount of stain and an okay color - but the stain side looks to be just as large as the gloss side - and the color is just beautiful ; sort of matte pink with very light violet undertones -LRB- it appears purpleish on the wand but does not go on that way -RRB- ; It mimicks the natural color of lips - just darker and intensified - without overdoing it ; It looks natural , and sheer ; It stays on for hours - tastes and smells good - and the gloss works alot better/lasts alot longer than the lip venom -LRB- for plumping and conditioning ; your lips feel tingly in a minty fresh way instead of a burning way - at least for me - and it 's not overly shiny -RRB- . One coat is perfect and very natural - but you can deepen the color of course with more ; And even if you over do it - you can obviously wipe the excess off-but I just let it wear - it softens nicely and evenly.I am in love with lip stains - see my other reviews - and this is one of my all time favorites b/c of the great -LRB- flattering and non - synthetic looking -RRB- color -LRB- but it could be a bit brighter pink -RRB- and the fact that you get a really cool feeling , plumping gloss with it - that 's long lasting and not garish . My years of searching are finally over - this stuff along with my second two favorites -LRB- bourjois # 2 great precision and staying power on that one -LRB- a little bit darker but brighter so it 's great -RRB- - and urban decay lip envy in `` envious '' a little bit lighter/pinker - smells and tastes divine -RRB- have broken my habit of benetint for good.I am so happy that someone finally got the colors right for stains - these are natural , but lusty
 An elegant multilayered scent for an intelligently fashionable darling.Rich with a top note that smells a bit heady like the old Pavlova , and melts into a deeper floral/woodsy tone.Not a light single note fragrance , this is best worn by those who enjoy perfume for perfume 's sake.Please note , even in miniature form , the bottle is lovely.The thick glass base anchoring the Westwood signature gold orb and crown.Highly advised , and I am a perfume fiend .
 This is an exceptional parfum with a very long lasting smell . I get great comments and heads always roll when i wear it . I would recommend this to all men .
 After using this shampoo , my hair now feels like a baby 's . This is no exaggeration . I can not stop touching it . This is the best shampoo I have ever used , and I can not imagine a shampoo being any better . Also , -LRB- like I have experienced with other Nature 's Gate Organics shampoos in the past -RRB- , there is absolutely zero fade on my cheap dye .
 I bought EARLY TAN in Normal/Combination Skin formula and I can tell you that it provides good coverage but not without being weighty and heavy . Some people like that . I find I can only wear it during the winter . -LRB- During the summer it makes my skin break out -RRB- I have n't noticed any moisturizing feature , although it 's heavy enough that it provides some protection against the harsh winds of winter.It 's a good product if you like heavier coverage.Pam T ~
 I have been using this product for a few years now and really like it . The price was better than I could find anywhere . My first shipment was not packed correctly but the second shipment was great . Amazon is good about credits for broken items .
 This foundation is incredibly moisturizing , unusual since it is the normal/combo skin formula . It is more moisturizing than the formula for dry skin . I think the dry skin formula has more `` botafirm '' that tends to lift , yet can be drying to the skin . I would recommend the normal/combo formula to anyone who has very dry skin like myself . Very satisfied .
 I was looking for a headpiece for my wedding that would not be as showy as a big tiara but still elegant enough to give me that simple , classic , sparkly look . I was very happy that this item achieved that look quite perfectly . The quality of the material is very good and it fit my head very well .
 I was preparing for my wedding and in search of a product that could help me minimize/erase the traces of stress and lack of sleep that are always apparent on my face . I suffer from insomnia and stress can really trigger puffy tired eyes and even the tone of my complexion . I was really afraid that that I would look terrible in the wedding pictures . I started using this night cream three weeks before the wedding and every morning I would notice how good my skin looked . I highly recommended it !
 Great product , a little pricey , but worth the cost . Horrible vendor it took six weeks before I got my item . Amazon was absolutely wonderful in helping expedite the issues . Hopefully Amazon will get another vendor for the Guerlain products .
 This is a first-class product for color treated hair , in a size that lowers the cost per use to a reasonable rate .
 This comb is excellent . I ordered multiple combs directly from the company and given several out to friends.My daughter has beautiful , long , curly hair that is very difficult to comb out once it has been washed . With the Hair Doctor comb , after she showers , I can comb through her hair in minutes . The steel tines are strong and firm -LRB- obviously -RRB- and get through tangles . When I get the hair combed through enough that all the tangles are towards the bottom of her hair , I can lightly pick the tangles out of the bottom with quick strokes.I am about to place another order for these combs -LRB- last time I was able to order a 10 pack from the manufacturer -RRB- , because I am down to two or three of them and I do n't like to go without them , for my daughter 's sake and my own !! As for the reviewer with the handle issue , clearly there was a mistake with the order . This comb comes with a handle . There is a version without the handle that is not as easy to use when combing through long hair .
 I bought a Hair Doctor comb at B 'S beauty Supply in Tempe , AZ. apx . 3/4 years ago and liked it so much , I went back and bought their entirew stock . Over the years , I have sold and/or given them all away and the store has not re-stocked . I would buy more in a heartbeat !!! I have even thought about becoming a distributor ???
 A simple unique comb that helps brush her hair and goes easy on the scalp .
 Good product . Is easy to apply . Point becomes dull quickly but due to soft texture of the liner , there is no way to prevent it .
 Buen delineador , no provoca alergias , y es duradero . - El producto lleg&oacute; a buen tiempo , hasta mi Pais . - Incluye sacapunta en la tapa , es cremoso ,
 If you have problem skin , there is nothing you can buy that will exceed this mask . I was having my makeup done at a Chanel counter and was asked what I did to keep to keep my skin so clear . When I told her , sort of embarrassedly , that I used this mask , she smiled knowingly and said `` I tell all my clients to use it . '' This , coming from someone who works for one of the more-sophisticated skin care brands out there.You put it on , and within minutes it has literally vacuumed your pores . I do n't know what is in this stuff and frankly , I do n't care . I 'm 26 and I 'm still dealing with acne -- this is the only product that knocks out a breakout with no fuss . I 'm in med school so I have zero time to fret about the status of my skin . I slap this on , study , take a break to take it off and voila . Invisible pores , shrunken zits , the works . If I could give it 50 stars I would . And , can it get any cheaper than this for a skin care product that WORKS ? Probably not .
 I think queen helene offers a nice range of beauty products-hair , skin etc. . I have used this masque on small pimples and it dries it up well.I use several times a week for a deep facial cleansing . Will continue to purchase this product . I like this particular size .
 Great and refreshing mask . tried and true . . works consistently well . this should be a common household skin care item for men and women .
 I bought the little tube of this masque -LRB- since I was experimenting -RRB- but I wish I had bought the bigger size . It beats the heck out of any other mask I 've used . It smells great , is n't too heavy -LRB- lighter than , say , a clay mask -RRB- , washes off easily , and leaves my skin soft and clean . It also tingles in a very nice way when you first put it on . Highly recommended . When I run out , I WILL buy a bigger tube .
 I have only used this product once so far , but it feels really good when it is on . It 's like a cool and warm soothing feeling . And when you take it off , your skin is very smooth . I have acne prone and oily skin , and it did n't have a negative effect at all on my skin . My sisters skin is dry and acne prone , and she did n't have a negative effect , either .
 The mask delivered in a pretty fast speed ! Although it seems that I am allergic to the ingredient of the mask , I wrote to the Home Naturals ' customer care center regarding to this matter . They gave me the refunds right away . That is very sweet and caring about consumers . I definitely will purchase their products in the future !
 I have been using this for several months now and the scent is wonderful . I really wish they would come out with a body lotion with the same scent . I recommend this .
 Caress Exotic Oil Infusions Cream Beauty Body Bar Moroccan 4.25 Oz Bar Three Packs = 6 BarsThis is the best soap ever . Leaves the skin moisturized and the scent is very sensual . I have people tell me that I smell so good they want the name of my `` perfume '' , they ca n't believe it 's only my soap . I recommend this soap 100 % to all the ladies out there . Use it before going to bed or just when you start your day and you will feel refreshed and sexy ! This scent is very soothing as well . Trust me , your other half -LRB- boyfriend , husband , lover , whoever -RRB- will love it !!! The only problem is that they are not sold in stores anymore , but thankfully you can still buy it here from Amazon.com . I just purchased 42 bars , should last me a while !!!! Buy them , use it once , and then comment on my review !!!! A.M. Ojeda in Connecticut ... ; -RRB-
 Smells so good ! And very luxuriously silky , creamy , leaves skin sooo soft . This is the best that caress came out with !
 I have normal , fine hair . I use this as a clarifying shampoo when I 'm going to use hot rollers or a curling iron so the hair is n't so heavy with conditioner buildup . Love it .
 I 've used this Lazartique Hair Volume Tonic product for at least 15 years , and along the way I 've tried many others for my fine , thin , and limp hair - just looking for a change , something new , as good or better , cheaper - but let me tell you , I 've never found ANYTHING . Those here that say that this or that is better , I tend to doubt very much , especially if you have hair like mine - fine and thin , limp , lifeless - where EVERYTHING tends to build up and weigh it down - this product is just absolutely the best - and besides that , it smells wonderful . If you 're very particular about your hair , the way you want it to look and feel , and the products you use to achieve that - then this product is well worth the price I say .
 This product makes my hair easier to style and holds the style longer . I will buy again .
 I bought a Yellowbird at my salon about three years ago for a LOT more money . Recently the heating element went bad and it blew only cold air . While I was very disappointed that it lasted a relatively short time , I decided to buy another one just like it b/c when I tried others -LRB- even by conair -RRB- they seemed wimpy . This price is less than 1/3 what I originally paid for it . So I do n't care too much if it goes in another three years . I 've never had a better hairdryer !
 This purchase was a replacement for the one I 've owned for about 4-5 years . I 've never found another one that works as well as this one . Most powerful output of air to dry hair in a fast amount of time , if that 's important to you .
 I have now bought three of these ! One for my place ... one for His place and one for his daughters ! Everyone who uses this dryer loves it . Heavy but worth its weight .
 The Yellowbird 2000 Watt Professional is one of the best hairblowers I have ever owned .
 This is a great conditioner for fine and dry hair . It gives shine , it adds volume , and makes it far easier to detangle my curly hair !!
 Haute Couture is very different from HM 's other offerings . There are no butterflies or magical moons in this one ! Instead , Haute Couture is a chrysanthemum fragrance , but it wears very differently depending on its concentration.The pink lady -LRB- EdT -RRB- is dry with a touch of green & spice ; perfect for summer & long-lasting for the concentration . The blue lady -LRB- EdP -RRB- is sweet dried flowers with the green ; it 's a 3-season fragrance . The red lady -LRB- parfum -RRB- is sweet dried flowers which dry to a syrupy muck ; it 's a mess on my skin , so I spray it in my hair instead.I adore the EdT and picked up the other two concentrations based on my experience with the EdT . I much prefer the EdT over the others . Moreover , the price of the EdT is hard to beat -- under $ 20 for 50ml . With the exception of rose , I find floral-dominant fragrances hard-to-wear and hard-to-like . Haute Couture is an exception . It 's unique , the price is right , and I love it ! Definitely in my top 10 .
 Aramis , are you listening ? PLEASE do not discontinue this fragrance ever again ! I had only a little bit of Havana left from a bottle I purchased back in the mid-90s , and I was absolutely delighted to find that it is now once again back on the market!Out of all of the colognes I have ever owned
 This is by far the best man 's cologne ever created!I have been using it since it first came on the market and I get compliments every time I wear it.For some stupid reason Aramis discontinued it a few years back and I ca n't imagine why.I am very pleased it is back on the market and I intend to stock up just in case it goes away again .
 I was surprised to see this offered for $ 15 when several other vendors were selling the same thing for $ 45 or more . But when I got it , it was the actual Havana cologne . I have liked the fragrance for years and to get it for a third of the cost elsewhere was &#34; icing on the cake &#34; .
 This scent will get you laid . . It 's about time they made this available again ... . It was taken off the shelves many years ago . . Hail to its return !!!
 I love woody , spicy , tobacco-based scents . I blind bought this based on reviews around the internet . I have to say I was still pleasantly surprised when I smelled it . I am somewhat of a collector of colognes , and I think this one may very well become my signature scent . It 's a heavy , warm scent , so some guys wo n't want to wear this at the office or during the day . Personally , that does n't bother me . I love it .
 The other days of the week I switch off between various colognes . Monday is my experiment day and Sunday I just let my mood pick what I wear . But Thursday is special . I always work hard all week and by Thursday I deserve to treat myself . That 's Havana . I 'm thrilled that it 's back .
 There is nothing like Havana . Spicy , warm , invigorating , complex , sexy and refined , yet it has a dirty edge to it . This cologne is not for the `` fresh/clean fruity '' or `` powdery-sweet vanilla '' crowd . Havana is the most masculine scent ever , while smelling just so damn good . The aroma is powerful and assertive , yet sophisticated and classy . For those who like to leave the house crisp , confident and `` boldly spiced '' .
 My wife was delighted when I visited the US in 2010 and was able to find Havana for Men on sale again - only the packaging has changed , the content is still the same.This spray has always been the favourite of my wife -LRB- and she wears it more often than I do -RRB- and since the original product was discontinued -LRB- maybe 10 years ago -RRB- we have only managed to find a few bottles for sale - usually in small `` old fashioned '' perfumeries.The only remaining question is why Aramis has not made it available in Europe
 I have been wearing Havana since I was 16 and loved it back then and still love it ! I never understood why Aramis would discontinue this line but I 'm thrilled that it 's back on the market and hopefully will stick around this time ! The fragrance it 's self is slightly spicey but fresh . I always get compliments on it since nothing out there on the market spells quiet like Havana . I highly recommend it or head down to your local department store and pick up a sample !
 Great fragrance.What a blessing to find it was available again.One of my favorites.Recommended you to try it and you may find a new companion too !
 Ablast from the past , this item has been re-released and just in time . Being down to my last drop of this favorite cologne , it was fantastic to be able to purchase it again . .
 Great scent . Discontinued for a long time . Still have some in the older nicer blue bottle . I will buy this again .
 I ordered this product for my mother and it arrived in 2 days without a problem . Do n't know how the product actually is because I am not the one using it .
 The lotion is just simplily awesome ! It hydrated my dried skin . But you have to use it daily though . For the people that want to have a light tan or tan skin . This lition make your skin look bright instead of dirty !
 I love Pheromone by Marilyn Miglin . I first received this fragrance from my husband as a gift . Since then , it has become my favorite perfume . It 's difficult for me to find this fragrance in local department stores , so I was delighted to discover it advertised at Amazon.com.Pheromone has a clean , pleasant fragrance . I regularly receive compliments from others when I wear it .
 I think the other reviewer purchased this product believing it was one of those `` sexual pheromone '' scents . I ca n't understand why else he would say `` if it works . '' Pheromone by Marilyn Miglin is simply a perfume , although there 's nothing simple about it . It 's a complex and intriguing scent that has a warm feeling to it . I do n't know how else to explain it but it 's not light and airy like a lot of fragrances , it 's more warm and dark . I 've been using it for nearly 20 years and it 's still my signature fragrance despite dabbling in others from time to time.Sephora 's fragrance finder told me that Gucci Envy would be a good one for me since I like Pheromone , but I find the Gucci fragrance to be too light and floral . There 's nothing to differentiate it from any other florals on the market . Pheromone does n't have any one obvious overtone -LRB- like floral or whatever -RRB- . It 's just a beautifully-blended and interesting scent .
 I purchased this fragrance for my Grandmother for Christmas because she had been looking to try it . It was a huge bottle at an incredably low price . My grandmother loves it & now has offically added it to her list of perfumes she wears .
 I 'm really impressed with JF Lazartigue 's conditioners . I 've used them 20 + years and it simply performs better than most all other conditioners I 've tried , including more expensive products . The thing I like most about JFL products is that it leaves my hair feeling light , soft and looking healthy . few other product combo works as well
 This is a great conditioner for fine and dry hair . It gives shine , it adds volume , and makes it far easier to detangle my curly hair !!
 This cleansing milk is light and creamy and leaves your skin soft and clean . No residue , rinses off easily .
 This is the first diffuser I have used that actually works ; hair had a ton of volume and waves !
 I have had this diffuser for over a year.Works great.No problems with it as all.Great price too .
 bought to use with the `` T3 Bespoke Labs 83808-SE Featherweight Professional Ionic Ceramic Tourmaline Hair Dryer '' . it fits just right and the dryer works great .
 I take this thing with me everywhere I travel because I am so spoiled to it . I have thick wavy hair that I defuse daily and occasionally straighten for formal occasions . It dries my hair quickly with less damage and noise than any other . For it 's size , it is light to hold as well . It 's worth the space in my suitcase not to have to use a traditional dryer .
 This product was ok . I ordered it to acompany a blow dryer , and although the blow dryer was a fake and did not work , the diffuser looked legit . I returned this diffuser , however I did purchase one at a convential retail store -LRB- $ 25 vs. 10 -RRB- , and it appears to be the same .
 This diffuer fits the T3 dryer perfectly and helps to keep my loose curls more curly as I dry my hair .
 I used my Mom 's T3 diffuser and hairdryer this past week and it 's a great hairdryer for curls . It does n't blow your hair out . FYI you should probably only use the T3 diffuser with the T3 hairdryer . Thought that was self explanatory since this is n't a cheapie wal-mart hair dryer .
 i have long curly hair and this piece of equipment is a life saver . i dry my hair in 5 min and leaves nice clean curls . if you have curly hair , this is a must have .
 The T3 line products are great . This went perfect with my T3 hairdryer . I would recommend this product . If you have curly hair this product and the T3 hairdryer is a must have .
 got this in like a few days , feels real sturdy , and the teeth dont scratch your scalp , and theyre pretty strong . 10/10 would reccommend , and btw this is the clipper mate one amazon sells as an add on but cheaper c :
 I 've always had difficulty creating a `` smoky '' eye look , and this kit finally solved it for me . The different variations included have all worked great and I have recieved tons of compliments on my `` artistry '' . I updated my makeup , hair , etc. this year and this kit has gone a long way to help me out ! I love having such a done look with minimal time and effort . Ca n't recommend this enough , I have had great success with every Pop Beauty palette I 've tried thus far .
 This is great ! I have never had such smokey eyes so easy ! Just get it !
 these palette 's are fantastic , the eye class is a savior , i learned some great tricks - yes , there 's no applicators , but really , you should be buying good brushes , you would n't want some sub-par insert like they 'd put in a drugstore eyeshadow case.my only word of warning
 These towelettes are a quick tan remedy and are not as drying as other tan towels I have tried . I recommend Comodynes products and will continue to use the Self-Tanning Towelettes .
 I 've been using them for years and I love them . If you are already dark-skinned you wo n't notice much difference . The tan lasts 2-3 days . It 's perfect to add some color in the winter without looking streaky or fake tan .
 I would have given this 5 stars but it did not darken as much as I wanted . This does work really well the tan looks really natural and it has no streaks at all and they dont make you smell bad and it is so easy to apply and they go anywhere easily .
 When I first started using these I could n't believe how hard it was to use . It was very frustrating how it rolled up almost immediately and it dried up very fast because it took so long to apply because I kept having to unroll it . Then I got the idea of keeping it folded , and then unfold it a little at a time while applying it . You have much more control over it , it does n't roll up at all , and it is faster to apply it so it wo n't dry up so quickly . You still have to use 2 or 3 to cover your whole body but it is definately easier this way !
 I am really fair skinned , and have tried just about every self-tan product out there . But much to my dismay most of them turn me an uneven orangy-brown color ... and ALL of them left me with streaks ! That is , until my friend introduced me to the Comodynes Tan Towels . I was skeptical at first , so I bought a three pak . I was suprised how easy to use they were , and I was able to do my whole body with just one towel ! By dinner time I had a BEAUTIFUL golden brown tan ! I could n't believe it ! Streak free , and I did it myself !! I will never be without this product , it 's a beauty miracle for fair skinned girls everywhere .
 I want to purchase five sets of these goods.Comodynes Self-Tanning Towelettes
 Length :
 This product is easy to use and gives a nice even tan , just remember to wash your hands thouroughly afterwards
 Comodynes really does work , It worked in 2-3 hours , and I had a great looking tan , and some advice wear like a plastic glove when you put it on , or else your hand will turn all brown , I think this product is very good , other then that there 's nothing bad about it , just it kinda smells . I recommend you get it .
 This is an excellent product and well-priced . You will have a perfectly even tan ... no streaking ever , and they travel beautifully , since they are individually packaged , and take up absolutely no space . Not messy at all , and far superior to those messy bottled lotions .
 I 've tried some of the bottle tanners and majority of them left me orange looking , I quit the bottles and tried these comodynes tanning towelettes and they 've been great . The color is natural looking , no bad smell or anything . I only use them to tan my face , arms , and hands and I 've always gotten good results.I apply mine by unfolding the towel , I start on my face and then do my neck , then I wipe both arms down to the wrist , then I wash my hands real good and hold the tantowel with a bathroom towel or toilet paper and then tan my hands ; it 's worked great for me , I have n't experienced any coloring on my hands by doing it that way.Exfoliate and moisterize your skin first , doing this can add a few more days to your tan !
 I am fair-skinned and look like a ghost , especially in the winter . These towelettes provide ` natural and uniform color ' , just as they are labeled ! No streaking , no orange , no terrible smell , etc. . Love them !
 This is at least the third spring and summer season I have used this product . Unlike most other taning products , this one seldon produces streaks even when you apply it in a hurry . The tan is gradual so you do n't wake up with shockingly different skin . I have used it only on my legs so far .
 Easy to use and great tan in no time . Definitely use again .
 The Comodynes tanning towelettes were very quick to use and quick to dry . They do n't have much of a smell either . The towel bunches up a bit while applying which can be annoying but overall it was managable.The color was very natural , but it was definitely gradual . It took longer than the 2-3 hours it said on the package for me.It also requires more than one towel for your body.For the ease of use and the natural color I would definitely recommend buying it . However I would n't expect to get very dark unless you do several applications . For someone who is very fair it very subtly takes the edge off of the `` white glow '' with one application , without looking fake and streaky .
 I have very fair skin , and this product gave me a nice , natural looking tan and it is SO EASY to use ! I would not recommend it for those with naturally dark tan skin , as the color may not show up well . It dries almost right away and there is no mess to it at all like lotions and foams . The color is even too , it does not appear darker on elbows and knees . My only complaints are it took longer than 3 hours for the color to show up on my skin and one towel is n't enough to cover the whole body . Other than that , I definitely recommend it to anyone who does n't like to tan the old-fashioned way !
 I think that this is by far the best self-tanner I have ever used . Lotions are way too messy and hard to apply . They leave you streaky and most of them turn you orange . You have to be careful with lotions when applying over the knees and the elbows or else it will come out too dark and wo n't look natural.You do n't have to worry about ANY of that with these tanning towelettes . They are simple to use - just rub over your entire body or any place that you want tan . You CAN use them on your face , just use common sense and do n't put it on your eyes.I find that I need two towelettes to cover my whole body , but at usually around $ 1.50 a towel , that is n't bad compared to tanning beds . One tanning session these days will run you $ 10 - $ 15 plus you have to drive to the tanning salon . Plus the tanning lotions that you apply when using tanning beds that run you $ 20 and up per bottle.When I first bought the towelettes I used one a day for the first 5 days to get my tan DARK . After that I would use two towelettes -LRB- to cover all of my body -RRB- every FOUR DAYS . $ 3.00 every four days is pretty cheap I think . That averages out to a little over $ 20 a month which is about the price of two tans if you are lucky . I do n't know about you but I used to go tanning 3 times a week , you can imagine how much money and time you will save.This way it is safe for your body and inexpensive . I would recommend using gloves or washing your hands extremely well after usage because it will turn your palms brown . That would be my only complaint.I give it 5 stars and two thumbs up !
 I have just tried this product , and I have to say I am very satisfied.First , how to use the product
 Gone are the days of the tanning salon - as well as spending countless hours baking in the sun - for me . I 'm 30 and it 's about time to wise up ! I tried these the other night , and am very impressed . Although it def . takes more than one towel to do your whole body EVENLY - that does n't bother me . I 'm pretty small/thin - and it took 3 towels , the first time - but I wanted to make sure I did every area as evenly as poss . Within hours , a nice color began to form , went to bed and woke up with a very nice base tan for Mem . Day weekend . Now , on my olive w / yellow undertones skin - first application was med . / dark and noticeably TANNER . I did notice some streaking , but it was very faint , and only because I was not as thorough as I 'd thought . So I went over just my arms and legs again , last night and am VERY pleased , this morning . The smell , compared to other self tanners , is minimal and tolerable and comes when the tan starts to develop , I did cover it up w/scented lotion when I went out - I 've used other GOOD brands and have been literally sickened and overwhelemed by the smell . And could n't mask the stench to save my life ! Wo n't ever use them again ! This is no fuss - clear towels - can do it and get dressed 10 min . later and go to bed.The key with these towels , while they do roll up on you and can be difficult - is PATIENCE . Take your time - cover each area as thoroughly as poss . I read a good tip here , when doing backs of hands , hold towel with a cloth or tissue over it to avoid the palms . And if I have to use more than one towel - so be it ! It saves me from frying in a tanning bed or spending long hours burning in the sun . Those things are n't safe and will make me look like a leather sofa , before too long . And that 's no exaggeration . Air-brush tanning at a salon is a luxury and I will use it for special ocassions - just so expensive.So maybe this -LRB- Comodynes -RRB- tan is n't the exact tan you 'd get at the beach - I usually tan diff.in the sun - nice deep , golden olive - this towel give me more of a reddish toned tan - I do n't care - it looks real and does n't look orange on me , at all - I 'm pleased and hooked for the summer !!
 It 's the best sunless tanning product I have found .1 . Does not come off on your clothes if you follow the directions . Dries fairly quickly .2 . Does n't feel greasy or sticky like some others .3 . Looks natural . I have gotten lots of compliments . They think I have been to the tanning beds.There are a few things that are a little bothersome .1 . You have to be careful putting it on . It can leave streaks .2 . Takes more towlettes than they say . One towlette for each leg and two more if you are going to cover your whole body .3 . You have to have someone else put it on your back to make sure you do n't end up with streaks .4 . And you have to move quickly so the towelette does n't dry out.But overall it does what you want a sunless tanning product to do .
 When I used this product along with the revitalizing shampoo , I saw wonderful results in my receding hairline . New hair came in and stayed in . Also , it makes your hair soft and nice just like any store product . Works great on color-treated hair .
 If you are fed up with the onslaught of prissy scents flooding the market this is for you . For its price this is an excellently blended scent , as with most cheaper priced colognes the opening can be fairly overpowering , but have faith , it will be over in a matter of minutes . Once the opening passes , to me , you get pretty much the same scent throughout the entire time it is on your skin approx 7 hours , it does dry down a bit more cedar-woody , but those notes were always there just not as pronounced . The scent is a bitter sweet -LRB- in a good way -RRB- aroma , very masculine , reminiscent of smelling a cedar box that has kept fine cubans . This is not a smokey scent so do n't buy this expecting to smell like the boy 's poker night . Its also unique , I have many different tobacco-based frags , and it smells like none of them . For the price how could you go wrong ?
 Quite a lovely smell.Or as the ladies I 've been with have said.Can ' t complain.Waiting on my second shipment.Try it yourself and you 'll get the compliments.But do n't put on too much.Too much of anything is never good for you.I generally put on about 3 sprays , and I 'm out the door .
 not over the top but rocks guys it is smooth and yet everyone goes wow what are u wearing . so try u wont regret it ok thanks
 This is the only cologne I have used for the past 18 years . I get many positive comments . It is a subtle scent that lasts .
 I got this as it seems that Remy does not make the Shore Off fragrance anymore . This was nice , though a bit heavy and likely will be used as an evening or night fragrance .
 i like it and i recommend it to anyonelast for long time and warm smelli try many perfums befor but i like it so much .
 Really good ! same as original ! i love it , for some reason i still want it more cheaper ! haha . well its still a good price ! : -RRB-
 Do n't get fooled by the cheap price . The scent is strong and wood-cigar like , let 's say manly . All you need is one spray and it will smell at least 4-6 hours . Some people will say that is not a big deal but for me at that price is pretty good . I love all the fancy Acqua Di Gio type colognes but for $ 70 I would buy five of those.What is more important you would not smell like every other fashion guy .
 I just received this cologne today and let me tell you I 'm not disappointed by any means . The smell is fantastic . I 'm wearing it right now and have been for about an hour and a half and you can still smell it like I just put it on . Women are already complementing me on this cologne and I 've only owned it a couple of hours . I 'm very satisfied with this product and I will order it again , probably again and again too .
 First found this in TJ maxx.Since then whenever I see this cologne in the store I purchase at least two .
 Just a great one , i was looking at this one for long time and finally found it here ... but it does n't last long
 I am really impressed with this scent , especially in this price range . As with wine , we like what we like and sometimes cheaper can be just as good . This scent definitely reminds me of sitting in a men 's club with dark wood walls , classic oil paintings -LRB- hunting scenes -RRB- and leather furniture , but it is not at all overly smokey . I do find it a little stronger than what I 'd normally wear during the day and it does hang around . It is just a tad musky but still unmistakably male ... and the musky hint is OK with me . I will probably save this for evening wear and it would certainly be great for a night out at a nice bar , club or restaurant but for my work in an office I do n't see it as a daily play . It can be a little strong unless you 're careful to apply a smaller amount than you would most eau de toilettes , and overall it is a more intriguing scent when one is on the move instead of sitting still . At this price it is definitely worth a try if you like the whole ` men 's club ' / deep leather notion .
 Cigar is a cologne that you will either LOVE or HATE . Personally , it reminds me of the scent of walking into a tobacco shop and getting a whiff of all of the `` flavored '' pipe tobacco . Unfortunately , while I rate it a 5 star scent , my wife would rate it a 1 star .
 Loved it , i was loooking for this product for a while and i ended finding it on amazon and for a lot less than the stores
 This has a very masculine scent . I like this a little bit better then Cuba -LRB- The other cigar shaped cologne -RRB- . It has hints of cedar , almost a wood scent.Give it a try !
 This is a very sophistacted elegant subtle fragrance . Classic mature with a touch of dynamic energy . Nick G.
 I 've used this cologne before , it has has a woodsy kind of smell . I 've had many compliments , and had two other friends buy it also . Made in France , at an unbelievable low price . You ca n't go wrong .
 I like this product - it is a long lasting , woodsy scent . I was looking for it and I checked Macy 's . The salesperson there was quite polite and let me know they did n't stock it , and suggested an alternative . A quick web search that evening revealed that this scent is stocked at Walgreen 's . Not your typical Macy 's fare . I 'm appreciative that the clerk was polite.Unable to find a place to try this scent , I decided to purchase from Amazon.I was hoping that it would smell of fresh cigars , but it does not . It does , however , smell of woodsy herbs and it 's a very pleasant scent .
 This is a real man 's cologne ! The scent is rich with patchouli and spice , along with green aroma . The bottle looks like the same bottle that Monte Cristo cologne comes in , but the scent is different in that it smells more like patchouli . This Cigar cologne was made in Paris , and the can that it comes in is Very Nice and authentic . It would be a handsome gift for any man beginning in his 30 's PLUS ... I bought it for my man and he loves it as much as I do !
 This is the best cologne ever . Out of all the ones that I have worn , this is the only one that my wife has expressed appreciation of and for . I have always worn good colognes that were not cheap either . But this is also the one that I have received the most compliments ever . This is a must have for me . I will tell you more about it when you call me .
 I first received it as a gift and I was bit skeptical because of the name . I do n't smoke and can not stand the smell . But when I opened the packaging and smelled it I was sold right away . It is a well balanced masculine cologne . It has got a distinct scent but it 's not over powering . It smells like wood and fresh herbs . A good cologne for office wear as well as casual occasions.To give you a better idea of my taste , here are couple of other colognes that I like : Lapidus
 I do n't smoke but I love Cigar ! -LRB- kidding -RRB- I have known Cigar By Remy Latour since many years ago . It 's unique in this kind of smell -LRB- of course there is another product which I put it after Cigar , it 's Cuba ! -LRB- Cuba Gold By Cuba For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 Ounces -RRB- -RRB- . If you like warm and men taste , you will love it . It has made in Paris . The box is also really nice as you can see in the picture . I recommend it for whom they are interested in man taste . One more point
 Great product . I almost do not want you to buy this since it is my signature fragrance !
 On time , good conditions , good price . Three positive outcomes for this product and the seller .
 I 'm a 20-something-year-old lip gloss and chapstick junkie . I have never really worn lipstick because I could never find one that did not make my lips dry up , crack , and peel . Finally , my search is over ! I bought the Pink Toffee one today , and I could not be more happy with it . It keeps my lips smooth and moisturized , and it does n't feather at all . The coverage is sheer but it still has quite a bit of pigment in it , something that I have never seen in even the best of lip glosses . It 's not too sticky or goopy , either . Just do n't leave it in hot places , because it definitely looks like it could melt.Random beauty tip
 This lipstick feels as soft as a gloss without being sticky like many glosses can be . I LOVE it , bought 3 different shades alrdy .
 I think the person who wrote the negative review might have gotten a bad tube or is reviewing an entirely different product . This is lipstick , but more sheer and gentle and slightly iridescent in color than most , so gives color and moisture without screaming `` I 'm wearing lipstick ! '' It is literally the only lipstick I 've ever found that I will wear , and I can wear it lightly on a casual day when I want more than my usual Aveda lip saver , or with liner for dressing up .
 This stuff has a great masculine scent -- not like those coconutty-mango lotions -- that 's citrusy and not overpowering . And the price here is better than at the tanning salon , even with shipping .
 This lotion is priced really well , much lower than what you would pay for it in a salon . It smells good , almost like cologne . The smell is not overwhelming like it is in most tanning lotions . I think I tan faster and deeper when I use it . I highly recommend it , this is a good lotion and it is specifically made for us guys .
 I give this product 5 stars because my husband raves about it . He uses this as a daily moisturizer on his bald head :-RRB- and a sun tanning product .
 I purchased this for my fiance and he absolutely loves it . It smells so good and is working for him too .
 Tanning lotion really does help . It also does n't make ur skin so dry and scaly after . This lotion has been a fav of mine cause it just seems to work with my tough skin and it doesnt smell like a girly lotion . 20 bucks is hard to beat too !
 The lotion works Great and the cost ca n't be beat ... the delivery of these items were fast and I will order from this site again in the future . . Thanks ...
 I read an article in the newspaper comparing makeup face products . Lumene scored the best . I could not find this makeup in the stores ; therefore , I tried Amazon and ordered the rejuvenating makeup . My sixty nine year old face appreciates this makeup .
 I 've used the expensive stuff but this product is really really great . Let 's your skin shine through , not to heavy . . just right . I also bought the base and the darker color for summer . Great product
 I am a 47 year old woman who looks at least 15 years younger ! I use Lumene Rejuvenating Makeup everyday , applied with a brush , to not only even my skin tone , but to also provide me with an SPF of 20 . My skin looks great , not made up . Anyone who says this makeup is too heavy is applying it wrong or has extremely oily skin . An application brush , with light upward strokes , is all you need ! I guess my European genes probably help , but drink lots of water ! AND USE AN APPLICATION BRUSH !
 As we age our skin changes and the old foundations do n't work so well . This is the best I have found . I use a little water on my face to help it blend and am very pleased with the result .
 I can no longer find this makeup anywhere so I was doubly pleased to find three available on Amazon . It should last me for a while .
 Ever suffer from razor burn ? Well , this is one of the best products for that cool , soothing feeling . Furthermore , it is the only balm with a musky , masculine scent that lasts all day . The scent is subtle , persistent , and pleasing to others . Because it is in a balm , it is not overpowering , nor does it linger too long after you 've past . I highly recommend it for those days when you really should have changed that razor blade , or your skin is sensitive for other reasons . My grandkids love the scent !
 The key to using this product is to make sure it 's COMPLETELY rubbed in . It 's a terrific product , will give you an even , natural-looking tan , as long as it 's rubbed in really well . After using , make sure you wash your hands . Also , it 'll come off onto white or light-colored clothes if not completely dry on your skin before dressing . I 've tried about 5 similar products - this one works the best . I use it once or twice a week , max . Have used it for two years now and do n't feel the `` pressure '' to lay out in the sun to get a bit of color as much or as often as I once did ... a healthy alternative ...
 I purchased the 31/2 '' oval brush and wow ! This brush is worth 10 times what it costs . I love the fact that even though I have fine hair , it holds all of it while styling , so it shapes perfectly , unlike the many others I have tried which let my hair slip out while blow drying . This brush holds like no other!If you have fine hair that is hard to style , stop throwing your money away on cheap brush after cheap brush ... just find the size you need and get one of these . Your hair will dry faster and the style will hold better . I even styled my hair in a hurry with no styling aids and poof ! Excellent shape , just needed a touch of spray . Anyone who knows me knows my hair never behaves that well!As for me , I will never buy another brand ; I am sold because I am now one happy girl with - finally ! - easy to style hair . Wish I 'd have found this years ago !
 The brush arrived , well packaged & in a timely manner . SO easy to use & it has lived up to my expectations . I did n't really think a brush could make your hair shiny ... but it DOES . The 3 inch size gives the bend in my hair I wanted ... not too much curl , but more curve . And the natural bristles never tangle in my -LRB- longer than -RRB- shoulder length hair . I highly recommend this brush .
 Have been using Marilyn brushes for about 10 years . And i love them . They last several years so do n't need to be replaced very often .
 This is the best hand cream I have ever tried . Even after washing my hands , the product leaves my hands soft .
 I love this purse size tube . And the hand cream is a nice , lightfragrance . Super for really dry skin . I usually buy extras for alittle gift to give friends . Mistral products are really nice quality .
 I love the aroma . I have used it on hands , feet , and general massage . I only wish the container was bigger . I am going to order more . It 's totally non-greasy .
 I purchased this hand cream for my wife for xmas , and she loves it . She says that it is the best hand cream she has ever used . It is now the only hand cream she will purchase .
 If I could give Mistral Hand Cream ten stars I would . I love it . It 's ultra nourishing , quickly absorbed , and has a beautiful range of subtle scents . If you 've used this hand cream you know what I mean , but you might also realize that the plastic packaging shown in the current picture on Amazon was way better than the new pseudo metal packaging . This was because it had a pin point filter that allowed you to accurately control the amount of hand cream that you disperse with each squeeze . The newer packaging does n't have that type of nozzle and I very often get more than I bargained for . This is n't a bad thing in that it 's such a good cream that it does all absorb into my skin , it 's only bad because I really try to make each tube last as long as possible because I just ca n't get through a winters day without this cream . . So if you are a diehard Mistral Fan and are buying these travel size packs for the added advantage of the pinpoint nozzle , be aware ... You will get the newer `` Toothpaste '' style packaging ... I was trying to snap up as many of the old style as possible and so was disappointed to find the new style in the box , but still , I love this cream and could n't be disappointed for too long . I 'm just going to be super careful when I 'm using it . .
 This hand cream is great . Wonderful scent , not greasy , and it is so thick that you only need a small amount . Has a little hole where the cream comes out so it does n't pour out of the container . Great company .
 I like this cream , but I am not crazy about it to buy it again . What I like about it is that it is not too greasy and it has a subtle scent , so my husband does n't mind it when he has to use it when we are out and he has no access to Nivea . All in all , a decent buy .
 I 've been looking for this perfume for a while , until I found it here . . aahh Love it ... smells soo good , it 's my favorite fragance of all time , shipping arrived fast ... Thank You !
 Smells amazing , to the point that people always ask me what I 'm wearing . love this scent . It does n't have any floral aspects or really vanilla tones - it is fairly masculine for a feminine perfume .
 I 've been looking for this product for years since it was discontinued and Marshall 's stop carrying it . It arrived in a timely fashion and in the original container . I would definitely recommend this seller for future purchases : -RRB-
 Gon na make this short and sweet . I searched for what I wanted ; I found what I wanted ; the site has all the appropriate info necessary to my decision making to get what I wanted ; the seller asked a fair price ; I paid it ; the seller sent it quickly and appropriately packaged ; I opened it and had just what I wanted ! Who could ask for more ? Great seller . Thank you !
 I usually prefer creme blushers , as they usually tend to have better staying power . However , this powder product is the exception to the rule . I have Clinique 's Blushing Blush Powder Blush in the Cupid shade , and I love it . A little of the product goes a long way and really brightens up my fair skin . By the end of the day , the color is still in place ... no touch-ups required . I highly recommend this stuff .
 This is an excelent product , i 'm very happy with this purchase , and the delivery time was very good too .
 I choosed that because was a real good product.Was my good choose.I recomended that . . !! Excelente brand for many years
 soy de Venezuela el servicio de entrega fue en tiempo determinado buen productos y buena calidad era lo que esperaba lo recomiendo 100 %
 lo recomiendo , el color es el que buscaba , gracias por enderme este articulo , el precio me parecio adecuado a la calidad . gracias .
 Excelente blush , creo que le queda bien a casi todos los tonos de piel pero a las blancas le queda estupendo . Perfecto acabado , la cara se ve iluminada con este producto . Altamente recomendable .
 Non-greasy , absorbs quickly , making my hands feel oh-so-soft and faintly tropical smelling . LOVE ! Only wish it came in a smaller size so I could keep one in my purse !
 I love this lotion by Alba . Light and sweet . Not greasy . In the morning after a shower I always hit the dry spots before going to work and carry it in my purse for my hands .
 This is great for winter and keeps my skin from getting dry . It is thick but absorbs easily , and the smell is pleasant but not overwhelming . One tube does n't last for too long , though , so be aware .
 Alba makes the best skin care products . This lotion is non-greasy , and smells like sweet cocoa butter -LRB- sort of like vanilla-white chocolate maybe ? -RRB- . I bought the value size because I use this lotion all the time . Not too thick , stays on enough to feel hydrated though , not runny , just right . I also love Alba because I have sensitive skin , and only use natural , vegan , paraben-free products .
 I love this cream ! it works great and I got it really fast , the shipping was a little pricey but I dont have any health food stores around here so I had no choice but to get it online .
 This smells so good ! If you like warm scents like vanilla & brown sugar , you will probably like this ! Creamy and great !
 This is pricey but worth the money . It is light but penetrating . It has good staying power and , over time , seems to improve skin quality .
 I have really dry skin and this lotion really works well . I also love the smell because it is so suddle .
 I have been using alba chapstick for a long time and just happened to see this lotion on a tester stand at the grocery store so tried it and immediately bought it . It smells good and absorbs into the skin really quickly leaving no greasy feeling . It has worked really well for my dry bumpy skin and my daughters sevely dry itchy skin and she is really sensitive to dyes and chemicals and this lotion did n't cause a problem , just a real clear up of dry winter skin .
 This is my all time favorite lotion ! It smells amazing , feels incredible -LRB- not sticky -RRB- and is just the perfect lotion .
 After trying lots of different lotions -LRB- as organic/natural as possible -RRB- , but never finding one that was THE one , I came across the Alba Cocoa Butter lotion at Target . Tried it and am in LOVE . My skin is now silky soft , with a very light cocoa fragrance -LRB- since I 'm a chocoholic this is a plus -RRB- . It goes on smoothly , absorbs quickly and never feels greasy . It 's PERFECT . And what a BARGAIN on Amazon ! I got two 24 oz pump bottles with shipping from Vitacost for $ 24 . That is ridiculously inexpensive and I would pay much more for this wonderful lotion .
 i usually buy this cream in whole foods but i wanted to see how much it cost here ... buy it at whole foods ! its cheaper and no shipping costs ! but i wanted to review the cream itself cuz i love it and have been using it for years . .
 Great product , but why do these companies charge such outrageous shipping costs ? Go to your local health food store and buy instead .
 This product smells really , really good . Keep in mind that is does have a chocolaty hint to it . That can be a good or bad thing depending on the person . . But for me , it smells great ! It feels nice and relaxing to smooth this lotion on your hands and arms . It definitely provides a lot of moisture . However , I lose moisture in my hands quickly and I have to reapply frequently . I ca n't seem to find a lotion that will solve this problem . But , this lotion does great short term moisturizing .
 I have been using alba coca butter lotion for 2 years and no lotion compares to this one . It moisturizes but does n't leave a greasy or oily feeling and it smells amazing . Before I was using baby lotion but it would not moisturize as much as I needed and then I tried bath and body works lotion but that stuff actually causes my skin to break out in a rash . I will never stop using this lotion , I am very happy with it and i use it on my 4 year old son and he absolutely loves this lotiona s well .
 I 'm happy to finally found lotion that does n't contain harmful chemicals , that moisturizes well but not waxy , greasy or sticky . The only con is the smell . I like the smell of coco butter butAlba Cocoa Butter Hand and Body Lotion , 24 Ounceis very strong and can be overwhelming . I ca n't use this in the morning because it makes it impossible to wear perfume . I was looking to change to fragrance free Alba , but reading the recent reviews it was disappointing since they changed to the new formula .
 Great product . I was introduced to it by a Wholefoods worker and I think she hit the nail on the head . It 's very inexpensive , smells good and leaves my skin so soft without making it greasy . Great price for the size too .
 I LOVE THIS AMAZING LOTION ! IT SMELL 'S OF CHOCOLATE SO IT MAY NOT BE FOR EVERYONE . VERY SOOTHING AND SOAKS IN QUICKLY . NOT GREASY
 Just the right amount of everything . The only perfume I can tolerate is cocoa butter . Makes my dried out skin smooth & moist . Not too heavy .
 I first bought this product up in Glen Arbor , Michigan , at a gift shop . I fell in love with the fragrance and the way the lotion nourishes my skin . It pairs really well with the So-Cal Hollister perfume . When I found it on Amazon at a much more economical price and in a size that will last me much longer , I was delighted . Who does n't need a good value in this economy ? This lotion relaxes me because I associate it with the week I spent at the lake . What 's not to love ?!
 I use this product regularly in the winter , and occasionally in the summer . I was skeptical at first when it said to `` rinse '' after applying . However that eliminated the excessive oiliness and kept the helpful moisturizing effect . This is important to me because I have eczema , use moisturizers frequently , and get sick of having greasy skin . I only wish I could find this product more regularly in my area !
 I had my husband buy this because I remember my middle school dean used to wear it and it just smelled so great . Bizarre , I know . : P
 He actually comented on this cologne that was in his magazine ... I looked it up on amazon and made it happen for Christmas !
 I 've been using this cologne for years now & it 's a steal for the price i paid for it !
 I use this on a daily basis and I have to push away all the women clamoring to be with me . If you want to smell like a champion , get this cologne .
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 Its hard to find thing with a good price , but I did with this ! I would place an order for this again when I run out
 i have been long time user of this cologne . the price was right and now i smell good everyday , the ladies like it .
 The '90s are gone , but I still get compliments on this cologne . Now if mullets , tight rolled jeans and Tommy Hilfiger everything would just make a comeback ...
 Curve smells like top of the line cologne ; it has a huge following as well amongst fans . Curve can be wore in the summer and the winter , it seems to attract the opposite sex well too . You ca n't go wrong purchasing this cologne .
 This was exactly what I 've bought in the store before . The price was n't bad , no bargain either . Pretty much the same as in store with no sales tax , shipping or trip involved to go pick it up . No surprises here . Good product and exactly what I expected and have purchased before .
 It is a pleasant odor and I do n't smell it when I wear it . That is one of the ways I recognize a good cologne for me .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for valentines day because my guy friend used to wear this kind so i had to buy it for my bf . He loved it and wears it everyday and he smells great everyday . And this was a great price for that big of a bottle when i could of gotten a little 4.2 oz at walmart for that much but instead i got a 6.8 oz for the price of a 4.2 so it was a great deal and smells great !
 This cologne has been my all-time favorite since I was old enough to understand the meaning of sexy . This cologne is also one that wears well on a lot of men and ages really nicely on the skin.I GAVE IT TO MY BROTHER AND HE TOLD ME THAT A LOT OF THE CUTE GIRLS HE WORKS WITH STARTED ASKING HIM WHAT THAT WAS.CURVE BABY , IT 'S HOT !
 i liked how i was able to track the item on the DHL website ... and it arrived quickly ! Thank you .
 This product is great !! It was a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it !!
 This is a great fragrance - I bought it for my husband and he loves it . It is mild , but is masculine . He was a little leary , as there is a Curve for women , but they are very different , and he is very happy .
 All right for starters , i always have thought curve to be a very cheep crappy cologne . But i had never smelled it , i had always hurd it from friends and family that it sucked . Well the other day i was at work and some girl that has always liked me gave me two samples of curve . I tried them out and loved the origanal curve the smell is sweet but still masculine , girls love it , all the time girls say , you smell really good and ask what i 'm wereing , and i always say '' that smell is all me baby '' But really i have curve to thank for all the action i 've been getting , you have to try it out for your self . I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The smell is relatively mild and has a sweetish smell to it , i recommend a sampling at the least .
 Almost every time I wear `` Curve '' I get comments from the ladies , a very good thing . I currently have 10 different types of cologne and I wear this one a lot . It seems good and the scent lasts throughout the day without having to drench yourself in it .
 I 've been wearing Curve for years now as a general every day cologne , and I have gotten nothing but compliments for the scent . The girls I have dated have gone nuts for the way it smells , and one even went so far as to buy a bottle for herself ! It is not terribly expensive and really does smell good , it has n't gotten old at all . 5 stars all the way .
 I 'm a woman and I love the smell of this stuff . Whenever my male friends wear it I want to follow them around for the rest of the day with my nose in their wake . And that 's really the point of buying cologne right ? I plan on buying some for my husband this Christmas .
 My girlfriend acutally introduced me to curve . She really likes it , so i picked up a bottle ... and i love it too ! wish i had found this a while back ! everyone comments about it ... smells so good ! you ca n't go wrong with curve !
 I have used this cologne before and was very happy to see it had n't been discontinued . It smells great and women love it ! Great price as well !
 Received the product ordered in great shape . Price , even with shipping , was better than could find in stores here in Phoenix area .
 Awesome size got a big bottle for cheap , smells great do n't need to use a lot
 My husband has been using Curve for a long time and now our young son likes it too so he can `` smell like daddy . '' On a hunch , I searched Amazon and found this huge bottle for a really cheap price . We all love the smell - not a musk , not a pine , but just right !
 Out of all my colognes this is the only one that I get compliments on almost everytime that I wear it by both sexs . The women absolutely love it and always ask me what I am wearing .
 I love this scent , it is sweet and warm . It is very long lasting and wears well.I like that you do n't have to use a lot for it to be noticable , but luckily it is one of those scents , that is you put too much on , it does n't change into a bad smell ... just a really really really strong smell , which is a bad thing in itself lol.I purchased this for my boyfriend and it has worked out well .
 For a really cheap price , like $ 26/200ml , this one is a winner . Smell so great and really really long lasting . I totally recommend this one .
 Curve By Liz Claiborne For Men . Cologne Spray 6.8 ozThis cologne smells very good and I get nothing but compliments from girls . The only con is that the smell wears off pretty quickly , but two sprays in the morning and 2 sprays in the afternoon should keep you smelling great all day.The price on amazon is Fantastic . 6.8 ounces for $ 25 and free shipping . I have previously bought a 4.2 oz bottle of this at Walmart for $ 25 . Great buy for the price.Definitely recommended to any guy who wants to smell good .
 I have always liked Curve . I am always asked what cologne do I have when I wear it . The scent lasts a very long time
 Great cologne ! Have been buying this cologne for years , and will continue to purchase .
 I have been wearing Curve for years , and this is a HUGE bottle , for a great price . The smell is just as I have always remembered it , and the girlfriend agrees . Seems legit , and the price is fantastic , not to mention the bottle is gigantic and should last quite a while . Highly recommend !
 Smells nice and the men love it . Curve seems to always be the favorite brand of cologne in my house and there are 4 guys , -LRB- husband and three sons -RRB- !!! : + -RRB-
 I love the smell of this cologne and I highly recommend it ! It is not extremely strong so do n't expect to be blown away by the smell but it is a wonderful cologne for school work or any semi casual place
 I do n't know what some of these reviews are talking about ... this stuff is the real deal ... I bought this for my husband and I sprayed ONE spray and I can still smell it on my sweatshirt a day later ... love it !
 This has a wonderful scent . It can be used by women too . I always use my husband 's and everyone loves the scent !! Buy it !! You 'll love it !!
 Very inexpensive compared to retail stores . Comes in a tin , and makes a perfect gift ! Buy for any man in your life as a great Christmas gift .
 I received my order fairly quickly and the cologne was perfect and exactly what I wanted . I would buy from this site again .
 I 've been using curve ever since it came out in 1995 . I was 16 at the time . I 've tried different colognes in the past but none of them had the same power and effect on the opposite sex than curve . This cologne has gotten me raped many many times !! I had to write this review because of some of the idiotic reviews I read by people who do not like this cologne . POINT # 1 THIS IS A MALE COLOGNE !! Meaning if you are a man , your scent does not count but your wife , girlfriend , or lover ! So as a man quit trying to think your suppose to like the scent unless your trying to attract men . I always had my girlfriends , lovers , and females in my family judge my cologne , and they absolutely love this cologne . POINT # 2 A MAN SPENDS $ 20 TO $ 100 ON COLOGNE SO HE CAN ATTRACT THE OPPOSITE SEX PERIOD !!! If men wanted to just smell good they would try a bottle of axe or old spice or any other cheap crap !! But men who want to attract the opposite sex buy expensive cologne like CURVE . Finally , the scent of this cologne has stayed on the minds of the many women I had sex with . I met women who remembered me basicly beacause of the scent of this magnificent cologne . From librarians , teachers , to secrateries they all remember me . POINT # 3 IF YOU ARE A MAN SEEKING FEMALE ATTENTION BUY THIS COLOGNE TODAY !!!!
 I 've generally been a one-cologne guy -- I had settled into using Acqua di Gio for a number of years , after having used Nautica for a number of years as well . When she got pregnant several months ago , my wife confessed to me that she really did n't like Acqua di Gio -LRB- this after two years ! Pregnancy does heighten sensitivity to smell , though -RRB- . I still had some Nautica around , plus the original and no-longer-made Zegna scent from Spain , so I used those for a while . I then bought the newest Zegna cologne , `` Z '' , after my wife smelled it and found it unobjectionable.Well , no sooner had I bought the Z then my wife found a scratch and sniff of Curve in some magazine and said that I really should be using that . The next day we happened to be at K-Mart -- K-MART !!! -- for some household odds and ends , and my wife came across a display of Curve . She insisted on buying it for me.Ever since then , my wife goes nuts when I use it . I do n't use it during the week , really -- I 'm a somewhat older guy , and it has a sweetish overtone to it that 's not very serious -- but whenever I do , my wife always tells me how absolutely wonderful I smell , indeed , how DELICIOUS I smell . Today was casual Friday at work , so I figured , okay . I leave for work very early , before my wife is awake . Sure enough , she calls me at work this morning -- `` you used Curve today , did n't you ? I can tell because the bathroom smells wonderful ! `` Every woman I know who has commented on it loves it on guys . So it 's less expensive and available at K-Mart . And yes it is a little bit sweeter than most colognes I 'm personally used to . But it does have a pleasant smell , and if the women love it , well ...
 Well I got my bottle of Curve today along with another couple of colognes on the `` So you 'd like to ... start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon that I have been purchasing by . With all my newfound knowledge about cologne history , perspective , and opinions , I used these colognes to give an informative speech this evening in my public speaking course , complete with all the bottles present . I sprayed CURVE onto myself when it arrived , and now I am comparing all of the new scents to my favorites so far , HUGO and CANDIES . My impression was that it was more serious than Hugo , had a sweetish overtone combined with musk , and then there was sort of a greenish bitter forest type scent to it that I was n't crazy about . I think I may have been dissappointed at first , but that soon changed . After about fifteen minutes the smell got to be really good and the elements I had n't liked were gone or had matured into subtle forms that went well together.After the speech I allowed the class to sample all of the colognes , and Curve was commented on the most , followed by Drakkar , then Hugo . All of the women liked it and seemed to have great associations with it , and for that I have to ensure that it gets the full 5 stars . I continue to wear it now later this same evening and it has quite grown on me.If you only bought Curve as your main cologne , you 'd be quite alright . Subtle enough for casual wear and bright enough for clubbing . Overall good mix .
 This cologne is really great for everyday.It 's not overwhelming and it 's probably a staple to lots of guys . It smells great and my girl loves it .
 I am all praise for the smell and longevity of curve . I also love the price very much . Very economical even for everyday use and am really very satisfied . Would strongly recommend for everyday wearing .
 I love this cologne so much that I upgrade my 50ml with this big bottle of 200ml . girls love it !!
 Curve is a really nice cologne because it has a mild scent . If you do n't like the overpowering stuff , this one 's for you .
 Well I got my bottle of Curve today along with another couple of colognes on the `` So you 'd like to ... start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon that I have been purchasing by . With all my newfound knowledge about cologne history , perspective , and opinions , I used these colognes to give an informative speech this evening in my public speaking course , complete with all the bottles present . I sprayed CURVE onto myself when it arrived , and now I am comparing all of the new scents to my favorites so far , HUGO and CANDIES . My impression was that it was more serious than Hugo , had a sweetish overtone combined with musk , and then there was sort of a greenish bitter forest type scent to it that I was n't crazy about . I think I may have been dissappointed at first , but that soon changed . After about fifteen minutes the smell got to be really good and the elements I had n't liked were gone or had matured into subtle forms that went well together.After the speech I allowed the class to sample all of the colognes , and Curve was commented on the most , followed by Drakkar , then Hugo . All of the women liked it and seemed to have great associations with it , and for that I have to ensure that it gets the full 5 stars . I continue to wear it now later this same evening and it has quite grown on me.If you only bought Curve as your main cologne , you 'd be quite alright . Subtle enough for casual wear and bright enough for clubbing . Overall good mix .
 My Husband LOVES curve ... and we normally pay a lot more for it ! I was thrilled to find his fav at a great price !
 Curve is a very clean fresh scent that is great for every day wear . I never fail to receive compliments when I wear Curve . Got ta love it !
 what better way to afford a gift you know he will love.shipping and pricing are hard to beat.THANKS
 I 'm very pleased with the cologne . It is identical to the store bought bottle . I WILL be buying more from here !
 . . I love it ... the smell last for 8 hours . . very good money spend in this product ... I will buy anotherone and I will recomend this product ...
 I 've been using this cologne for a while now . My girlfriend loves it . I love it . It smells great all around , and it lasts long.Perhaps those who say that it does n't last long might have gotten bad batches . Though , maybe it was just too subtle for them to notice , since your olfactory senses get dulled to the smell after smelling it too much . Personally , I like it subtle . I think people around you would appreciate it too .
 very very special fragrance , u definitely will fall in love with it . just buy it !
 I 've always been impressed with the liz claibore line of products for men . I have to say that curve is among the best .
 This product works great - heats up fast . Overall , I like it . I was looking for the crimp iron in lots of stores , and finally I decided to go online , and I found a good one at a perfect price :-RRB- Thanx
 I had the old model in the 1990 's this one is just as great . You save a lot of money and room not buying the different products seperately .
 Aside from worrying about my house burning down , this seems to do the trick into getting a messy-headed 1 year old interested in brushing and styling her hair . There are 3 interchangable attachments ; the crimper , the curling iron and the flat iron . Quick heat up and does n't get hot enough to singe delicate kid hair . It is not the cadillac of styling tools but good for travel and you need 3 tools or for the kid who is finding her style .
 i bought this for my daughter ! she is only 8 but i am a hairdresser and she is always very excited about hair : -RRB-
 I bought this formy 12 & 13 year old and they have not said anything about it . I like the different aattachments it came with . A 'll in one is perfect !
 Everything was timely and as advertised . My daughter was very happy to receive this gift . I was pleased with the quick shipment of this item
 Not so great if your in a rush . heating up takes a real long time , but cute for kids to use .
 My daughter loves this ! Which makes the 80 s child in me sooooo happy . It does take a while for it to get hot . My 9 year old seems to be able to handle it pretty well . She has used it twice since Christmas and no burns so far . She has only used the crimper . As of now , the flat iron , nor the curling iron have been used . Pretty simple for her to change out the pieces though . Totally Rad !
 I liked the 3 in one product for my granddaughter . Heats up fast and less clutter in the bathroom.Plus i love shopping online .
 I 've experimented with most of the different heads on this thing and it 's been good . I have n't burned anything yet . . Pros : - Warming up is pretty fast . I give it about a minute.-Curling / Waving/Crimping comes out beautifully ! - Heat is fairly good . Does n't leave even the tiniest amount of hair fried.-6-Foot cord is a DREAM.-The stands on the iron heads makes easy to just put it anywhere without fear of it burning something.Cons : - You get what you pay for . It looks really cheap . The metal-looking thing on the actual iron is just metallic foil.-No heat settings . There 's only an `` On/Off . '' - Changing heads while in use is pretty difficult . You got to try and yank it out without burning your fingers . However , there is a plastic area on top that you can hold onto . - `` Red Indicator '' is just a lil red dot on mine . It does n't light up/glow/anything ! Conclusion : For the price , this thing is amazing . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this product for my 11 year old daughter . My daughter has had a lot of fun using it on both her hair and her friends .
 In this case you definatly get more then you pay for I got this very cheap and so far am completely satisfied it is my first curling iorn/straightner and it seems to work very well . I am glad I bought this product it does what it is supposed to and is very cheaply priced it is n't the best quality but for the price you ca n't beat it . If you have n't ever had a straightener or curler and want to try it without spending 100 bucks this one is good .
 i love this product . its nice , i like it , , , i definitely recomment this product to my friends . i love the color , , mine was pink , perfect for a girl like me .
 This product is very good . It has different tools . The curler worked magnificent , all I did was hairspray it , it stayed through the day ! Bad thing takes 10-20 minutes to heat up ! Good for the money though !
 THis is the perfect gift for any fashion diva 9 year old at an awesome price . SHe is sure to love it
 I like that it it can be a flat iron and curling iron , but it takes time getting warmed up and does n't get that hot but still does the job it just takes a little longer . Great for traveling . Overall it good just wish it got hotter .
 I love rose scented soaps and this one was really nice . I would recommend that you buy it.It is a little expensive but lasts a long time .
 These are some really nice scissors ; much better than I expected . The two blades are very well attached so you do n't get any rattling or uneven closings . The rounded tips are a nice touch , and the metal is a very `` lackluster '' non glossy shade which I personally like.Over all , these scissors are high quality and they just work .
 These are good-quality scissors for facial hair -LRB- nose hair and goatee , in my case -RRB- , with all the important features
 These were as advertised , I do n't find them to be flimsy or too small . -LRB- Although I do n't have large hands or fingers , so if you do then perhaps you should get a bigger one . -RRB- I use these for my nose , and if I had to buy them again , I would probably get the ones with the sharp point instead of the rounded end . I was concerned about hurting myself with the sharp end , but these scissors are still plenty sharp , so the rounded end is n't that much safer . It is , however , a bit more clumsy and hard to control . So I 'd go for the pointy ones next time .
 HAVE A FEMALE CAT WHO IS AS BIG AS A TOM CAT . SHE LIKES TO SLEEP IN THE CAT TREE LEVELS WHICH ARE TOO SMALL FOR HER , CAUSING HER FIR TO MAT IN THE BACK.THESE MATS ARE PAINFUL FOR CATS . SO I BOUGHT THESE SCISSORS TO CUT THE MATTING OFF . IT WORKED PERFECTLY !! MY CAT IS SO HAPPY NOW
 I have a thick beard . I needed a good pair of scissors to trim my facial and nose hairs . I purchased the stainless steel version that looks to have a gray matte finish.I was immediately impressed with the sure , smooth and precision fit of the cutting edges as I simply opened and closed the blades slowly.Trimming individual hairs was easy and quick due to the sharp blades . As a test of small scissors , I try to cut very thin sewing thread to see the quality of the cut . These scissors cut cleanly leaving no `` fuzzies '' . Makes them great for trimming off those dangling threads we sometimes see on clothing.I could feel absolutely no side to side play , which assures them making such sharp cuts . The rounded tips help prevent accidental stabs into you skin . If I wanted a scissor to cut almost razor close , I might select a design without the rounded tip . But considering that I do n't try to shave the insides of my nostrils , I find the cut delivered to be far more than satisfying.I have very large hands but these scissors felt quite comfortable on my fingers.I have a pair of Tweezerman Stainless Steel Facial Hair Scissors I keep at my workplace , just in case of `` whatever '' . I now plan to order two more pair to keep at home -LRB- one for me and another for the wife -RRB- . A simple word of warning : These scissors are seriously sharp , as intended to be so . Although they have rounded safety tips , they are not toys , and are not for use by children , or people with unsure hands . Use them , as all sharp devices , with respectful caution and you should be more than pleased with their outstanding results at doing things they are designed to do .
 These scissors were originally for my nose but they have become more than that . I use them for everything from cutting open packages to finger nails to too many other things to mention . The best part about them is they are surgical steel . Since I am a veterinary surgeon , I have to admit that they are better quality than most of my surgical instruments . I have yet to have them sharpened and have gotten them wet and there is no rust . After you use them , spray them with Lysol and they are clean . A must buy !
 Bought these for a medic kit , which has nothing to do with `` facial hair '' . They 're medium-high quality , way above most other scissors in this size , and the round tips help prevent patients from getting jabbed from sharp tips .
 I bought these to trim my daughter 's bangs and they work great . Love the rounded tip , I do n't worry about cutting her with these . Very high quality , I think they 'll last a long time
 These are the best small scissors I have found . They are sharp , ergonomic and have a very robust feel . I have now bought 2 pair , one for home and one for travel . I have not used the lifetime sharpening but it is a nice feature . Very pleased .
 Nose & ear hair is a pain to clip , & ordinary scissors are often painful.These are perfect for the task.Simple & easy to use.The tips are carefully rounded , to avoid pinching or wounding .
 It really is a great product . I use it to touch up on stray hairs that grow faster than the rest of the beard as well keep my lips clear of hair . Great scissors that cut well and the rounded outside edges and tip make it very comfortable to use .
 Good quality , and fit a man 's hand . very sharp . would buy again , at this price . I got the product I wanted
 Facial hair is no fun and these scissors really do the trick . No painfully plucking with tweezers anymore ! The rounded tip provide security from self-mutilation -LRB- also painful ! -RRB- and the blades work well . You will find yourself asking yourself why you waited so long after trying these affordable , well made scissors .
 These seem well made , have nice action to them , and deliver precise cuts . The rounded tip is OK - it is a bit safer , but also makes the profile larger which can make it harder to use .
 I bought these scissors for two main reasons . One of the reasons was that they are compact and easy to keep with my electric shaver when grooming to help even out the facial hair . The other reason was the rounded tips to utilize for spots that I 'd otherwise nick myself.These scissors are fantastic for getting facial hair cleanly cut when its in small amounts . These scissors are absolutely tiny ! As a result , you ca n't really cut much hair at once , so these scissors are only best for mustaches , eyebrows , nose , and ears . For beards , I suggest you use an electric , $ 20 razor kit with changing heads that lets you groom much more evenly across your facial hair . This thing just is n't big enough to do the job . It 's nonetheless a great buy for convenience if you like to groom very carefully and personally , and the rounded tips ensure no nicks !
 I 've been using this product for about a month now . it is made for the face . I used to nick myself all the time with my old pair , so I had to sacrifice on quality / closeness to solve for it . The unique design of these blades let 's me get a much closer and neater trim of my facial hair without nicking myself.Also , the blades themselves are very sturdy and have n't bent or separated so far
 Forgot what it was like to have a great pair of Scissors . Very sharp and super easy to clean . Great price
 You do n't have to worry about jabbing yourself with this and it also cuts very well . Just do n't leave it in a pool of water as I accidentally did and it started rusting within a few days .
 This is a great scissors that are built nice and does the job well . It has a mat silver look which I like .
 Great . Stay sharp . Love the rounded tips . I use them on my sons hair . He is only two-years-old and they work very well .
 These Tweezerman scissors are wonderful . They have a nice weight to them that shows their great quality . They are sharp enough to cut facial hairs quite easily , but have rounded tips to keep you from cutting yourself . My beard looks nice and clean-cut after a trimming with these scissors . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased a pair of these Tweezerman facial scissors . They are very sharp , small and do a great job on ear and nasal hair . true . My pair readily adhered to a magnet meaning they contain ferrous metal . Other than this the scissors are great .
 I purchased these to cut my daughters hair . We had several pair of scissors given to us , but I did n't feel save using them around my child 's face . The rounded tip makes me feel very comfortable cutting her hair . Also they are plenty sharp to do the job . You can use the rounded edge of the scissors to glide along the forehead and not worry about which way she is going to squirm .
 We purchased three pair of safety scissors to help keep our teacup poodle hair around her eyes trimmed . The Tweezerman pair cut very good and are safe for their use . The extra pairs are for our senior minds when we can not remember where we put those scissors . Thank you for your service and for good products . Larry .
 i actually bought these for my dog -LRB- a 6 lb Yorkie terrier -RRB- and i like it . I trim the hairs around his face , especially the eyes , and it 's sharp enough that i can cut fast -LRB- which is important -- he 's very squiggly -RRB- and safe because of the rounded tips i 'm not afraid of poking his eye out . I definitely recommend this to small pet owners .
 exactly what I was looking for . Excellent product . I think they will last a long time . Would make great stocking stuffers
 I can finally trim my unsightly ear hair without worrying about stabbing myself with the pointy manicure scissors I was using . These are very sharp and excellent quality . The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars is they are slightly larger than I expected , making them a little more difficult to use in my nostrils than would be true if they were a little smaller .
 It has a nice soft smell to it . . I really love it and will be buying a bigger bottle
 I bought EARLY TAN in Normal/Combination Skin formula and I can tell you that it provides good coverage but not without being weighty and heavy . Some people like that . I find I can only wear it during the winter . -LRB- During the summer it makes my skin break out -RRB- I have n't noticed any moisturizing feature , although it 's heavy enough that it provides some protection against the harsh winds of winter.It 's a good product if you like heavier coverage.Pam T ~
 I have been using this product for a few years now and really like it . The price was better than I could find anywhere . My first shipment was not packed correctly but the second shipment was great . Amazon is good about credits for broken items .
 This foundation is incredibly moisturizing , unusual since it is the normal/combo skin formula . It is more moisturizing than the formula for dry skin . I think the dry skin formula has more `` botafirm '' that tends to lift , yet can be drying to the skin . I would recommend the normal/combo formula to anyone who has very dry skin like myself . Very satisfied .
 Recently I traveled through Portugal , and in many of the better shops I saw the Castelbel soaps in many heavenly fragrances . They are all beautifully wrapped in paper which indicates the fragrances . I stopped short when I saw the Stargazer Lily Soap since it is a huge favorite of a friend of mine , and I 've never seen that fragrance before . I came home and looked it up online and was thrilled to see it listed on Amazon . I placed my order a week before Christmas . Not wanting to pay overnight shipping but realizing it probably would n't arrive before Christmas . I received an immediate acknowledgment , and the package arrived in 3 days in perfect condition and by standard shipping . I know I had found a jewel ! You must treat yourself to this glorious soap !
 The item came on a timely basis and is exactly what the picture and description demonstated and I am happy with this product .
 I think it 's a nice night cream for dry skin . And I 've found it to be very nice for my skin type . The only reason why it is 4 * is just because I do n't really like the smell that much . It 's really strong lavender smell . However it 's not staying for that long . So for someone who really like lavender should n't be a problem at all .
 I have been using this cream for almost two months and it has replenished the moisture , suppleness , and baby softness to my face . I use it at night together with an organic hyaluronic acid serum which makes the cream go a long way using less . My skin no longer has large dry patches , especially occurring during the winter months . I am thrilled to have baby soft skin again . I would n't be without using argan oil , organic hyaluronic acid serum , and this excellent night cream in my facial regimen !
 I have combination-type skin . This product moisturizes really well but does n't leave a shine . It smells really nice too . Great for dry winters and also other seasons . But please note that it 's generally dry all year round where I live .
 I use this every night . I swear soon , my age should reverse another 10 years ! : -RRB- Seriously , the scent is great . The thickness of the product is thicker/heavier than I thought it would be , but feels amazing on my skin at night . Not greasy . -LRB- I have normal combo skin -RRB- Would highly recommend !!
 The person I bought it for said it was just fine . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
 I love this moisturizing cream . It 's the best of all the ones Avalon offers . I use it every day and it not only smells good , it really hydrates your skin .
 This moisturizer has transformed my itchy , dry , fine-lined winter skin . I do n't know why , but a week after I began using this product , my skin tone became more even , lines began fading , and -- most importantly -- my face feels great . I was so impressed that I emailed the company , too .
 After having enjoyed the bodylotion of this Lavender line , I decided to try the moisturizer . I did not regret it . At the age of 40 my face became more dry and I started suffering from hyperpigmentation and fine lines.Not anymore , a week after using this moisturizer I noticed the difference . My face has brightend , my fine lines have disappeared and the moisturizing is making my skin more soft and youthfull . I ca n't live without it ! It also turns out to be cheaper than all the big brandnames I have used before.PS
 I have combination and sensitive skin . It 's been hard to find a skin product for me . Recently I 've been looking for a cream to use for both during the day and night . I have tried this one for a week and am absolutely in love with this . When I put it on , it feels light and refreshing with a light lavender and fresh mint scent . After a while the scent wears off and you 'll barely notice it 's there.It has the perfect amount of moisturizer so my face feels hydrated and I do n't need to constantly reapply nor wiping oil off my face . I have not found any other product fits my skin so well and I 'll stick with this one for a while !
 Great moisturizer!It feels very light , gets absorbed quickly , very nice fragrance.Environmental Working Group gives it a moderate hazard rating.Great price for an organic cream , the company that makes it -LRB- Hain Celestial Group -RRB- has full member status in the Compact for Safe Cosmetics.I started looking into all the chemicals that get into cosmetics and I hope more women will ! We should buy products based on ingredients , not advertisement!This is a great product , I 've been using it for weeks now , it 's great in the summer , it 's so light and no irritations or breakouts .
 I ended up buying the whole lavender line from Avalon since I needed to go more organic after an allergic attack.I am not disappointed . I like everything and this ultimate moisturizer is no acception . I only use it at night , since it is a bit greasy . You only need a little bit and it will make your skin look more clean and soft the next day . -LRB- at least that 's what happend to me -RRB- The price is not bad either , believe me I have used ridiculously expensive brand names which were n't that great . And is it not interesting that all those big products name tend to add more natural ingredients to their cosmetics ? So I am thinking why not go straight to the source ? My face has brightend up , my fine lines are hardly noticable , it is not making my face break out , my face feels soft and I am getting a lot of compliments for a 41 year old woman . The Lavender smell is just soothing .
 I am a cosmetology student , and currently am learning skin care . We use a high-end salon line of facial products at my school . With my dry skin , I tried everything we had . I switched cleansers , I did moisturizing masks , I exfoliated . Nothing was helping.I read some great reviews about this Lavender Ultimate Moisture cream and thought I 'd give it a try.OMG , I am a believer ! I washed my face before bed , put the cream on , and then went to sleep . When I woke up , I showered , washed my face again and once more put on the cream . When I got to school , before I could even sit down and take out my homework , my teacher came up to me and said `` Ok , you have to tell me what you did . Your skin looks amazing '' she asked `` can I touch your skin ? '' and then told me it was the most moisturized and soft my skin has ever been -LRB- or at least as long as she 's been my skincare teacher -RRB- . She also asked me to write down what product it was because she had to get some . I said `` oh sure , I 'll do it later '' and she said `` No , do it now , I do n't want you to forget , I just ca n't believe how good your skin looks '' . My skincare teacher said I looked radiant , moisturized and that my skin looked less red and less irritated . This is coming from a woman who has been a professional esthetician for over 20 years ! Later in the day , another esthetician instructor stopped me in the hall to ask me what moisturizer I was using , she said it was a huge difference from how my skin has been looking , and was surprised to find out it was Avalon Organics . After she researched it she came back to tell me how impressed she was by their list of ingredients.Since my skin is so dry , I use this as a day and night cream . I LOVE it !
 This is a great moisterizer . It 's very light and not greesy on your face at all . It works instantly on dry skin . I love the smell , and the fact that it 's Organic !
 Deeply moisturizing . Smells and feels wonderful . I love almost everything by this company and it is always good to know that their products are organic .
 Well I thought the product would be much bigger cause the box picture just makes me thing its huge . Guess I should of known 2oz is not much . The smell of the product I like , it smells like a field of flowers . Now I have n't seen anything different with my skin I 'm not sure if my skin was already soft or what but I still like the product .
 I love the brand and this product in particular . The smell is very pleasant and not overwhelming like some other brands . It works very well on the sensitive skin - leaves it nice and fresh .
 I bought this cream for my wife . After using it for about 2 weeks , she asked me to rate this product as 5-star . My wife has sensitive skin , so she has to use baby lotion for many years . This cream contains 70 % natural ingredients and works really well for her skin . She said that she could actually feel this cream working . She also likes the lavender aroma , not strong but just right .
 I have finally found my moisturizer for life ! I 've been using this cream for about a month now and noticed a difference the first day I used it . I 'm in my early 30 's and I have combination/oily skin and have tried countless expensive moisturizers -LRB- if they sell it at Sephora , I 've tried it -RRB- for after work/night time wear and love this one . One of my friends at work has amazingly bright , smooth skin and she told me she 's used this moisturizer since she was 18 so of course I had to try it . It 's organic and it does not make my face greasy . I put it on at night and in the morning , my skin is soft and smooth . It 's weird but I first tried the daytime moisturizer with the same brand but did n't like it as much because it made my face greasy . The ultimate moisture cream does n't have an SPF but it 's ok because I love my Elta SPF 46 that I use during the day . I love this moisturizer so much I 'm buying one for my mom and sister to use . At under $ 20 for such a great product , I really recommend this one . Hope they never change this product !
 It 's fragrance is very nice and light , it 's organic , and it WORKS on even the driest skin ! Need to order a larger jar !
 Just started using it this week and am amazed by how quickly my skin is moisturized . I turned 50 this year and my skin is becoming more dry ; Aveeno was n't making a difference , but this really does ! I even appreciate the added hint of Lavender , which is actually good for relaxation . I 'm a believer ; just ordered the daytime moisturizer with SPF !
 I 've been using this moisturizer for years . It 's gives great moisture without clogging pores . I use it morning and night in the winter and then add their daily moisture for mornings in the summer .
 I bought this mosturizer based on other customer reviews and I was not disappointed . I was looking for a natural cream free of harmful chemicals at a reasonable price . This one fit the bill and it smells awesome to boot !
 I started using Avalon 's Biotin shampoo and was so impressed with what it did for my hair that I thought I would try their skin care . I have back and forth with many products , Dept store to Burt 's Bee 's , to you name it . Happy to say that I am in love with this product for my skin.I am a mother of twin toddlers , skin , hair changed after hormone changes and I have had quite a difficult time trying to find what would suit my skin . My skin is now normal/dry , when it used to be oily/combination . I have had quite a few breakouts but I think that had to do with products I was trying and that it irritatd my skin . I have the crows lines , and a few lines on my forehead.I used both the eye serum and face moiture cream and it goes on so easy , very light and very moisturizing . I noticed that my face is no longer dry , not oily , just perfect to where is should be . Skin does get tight as advertised , but not in a way where your face is burning or dry . Just taught.Pleasant fragrance of essential oil Lavender . Light , not overbearing.After using for a week , my face no longer has break outs , feels soft and appears brighter.Highly recommend .
 I have combination type of skin and my face gets really dry during winter time , so I need rich cream for the winter . A friend of mine got this lavender cream for me from Japan and it worked so well that I was convinced that it was the lavender that did the wonder to my skin . After finishing that cream , I started looking for other lavender products on Amazon and found this one which fit my budget at the time . I remember the first time when I applied it to my skin , there was a tiny bit of `` burning '' feel but it went away very quickly . Throughout the winter , I used it every day . It kept my face moisturized for the entire day and it also did n't feel too thick or anything . I was hoping for some more improvements on my complexion but frankly speaking I was sleep deprived most of the time during the usage of this cream , so I really should n't blame the cream . I will consider purchasing it again for this coming winter .
 I ordered this with the lavender toner that goes with it . Wonderful combination and great on my skin . As I stated in the toner review , it does the same for my skin as my spa products and does relax me just a bit . I ca n't threaten my husband with it anymore , though , since he 's no longer allergic to lavender . : P
 I have very dry skin and my face especially dries out quickly . I 'm also very sensitive to chemicals and perfumes so I stay away from a lot of scented lotions , especially for my face . But I liked that there were so many natural ingredients in this moisturizer and the scent was very pleasant and more natural rather than harsh and chemically or fake . Usually one 's skin has to adapt to a new lotion and you may have a small breakout the first couple times while you adjust but I 've never had a blemish from this stuff . I 've used it now for over a year and wo n't use anything else . This works as a night cream , an under makeup cream , and just a daily moisturizer . Very light and the scent picks me up.I highly recommend this product . It 's not cheap and it 's not easy to find in stores but I dread it ever being discontinued because I have yet to find another natural lotion that is n't sticky or heavy and actually works like this does .
 Smells great , feels great and is absorbed competely.Light lavender scent . . not overpowering at all.Ingredients are what I wanted . And it seems to do it 's intended job.Would buy again and suggest to a friend if asked .
 This cream is exceptionally high quality for a comparatively low price . The lavender oil in it its extremely therapeutic , and has a divine scent , which is also relaxing . I found that it is very soothing for sensitive skin , like mine , since I am sometimes allergic to face cream ingredients . Lavender oil not only has a gorgeous scent , but , helps skin heal . I absolutely love this product , and the very reasonable price makes it a win-win .
 Great product . My sensitive/combination skin is much happier -LRB- less redness/acne -RRB- with this moisturizer than with many others I 've tried . I am planning on sticking with this moisturizer for a long time ... so many products make my skin feel a burning sensation , but not this one . Very pleasant scent -LRB- lavender -RRB- and smooth feel as well.I think Avalon Organics are a much better product line than Alba -LRB- owned by the same company -RRB- - they 're organic & natural skincare products at an affordable price .
 I love this lotion because it is truly lightweight . This lotion does not make my skin break out , does not make it greasy , it just makes it nourished and youthful . I think that this is better than any other expensive lotion I tried . It feels a little bit like the Clinique gel lotion , -LRB- the yellow gel from the three step cleaning set -RRB- , but it hydrates even more , and it goes much better under make up . I am not exaggerating , this is really the best to me . I find it at some drugstores too , but on amazon is slightly cheaper . Also , consider that it does not contain harmful ingredients like the other brands .
 Supreme moisture from this product . Great for my almost 60 very sensitive skin.I use it for a facial moisturizer . Light enough to wear under makeup.Soft lavender smell . terrific product . will buy again for sure . great affordable price .
 No bad reaction on my very sensitive skin and I believe it is helping to get rid of a bad dry rash around my eyes .
 This cream is light and non oily . It smells like an open lavender field and also it is very good for moisturization . The cream is simply divine and beautiful , using it makes your skin very pretty ... Will order again when I am out
 I wanted to go organic so I was checking all the organic lines and decided to give this a try.Now warning , first few times it stung and really irritated my skin . Not sure which ingredient but I will avoid stuff with lavender in it in case this might by the culprit.However , after a couple days when my skin got accustomed to the product I will not lie , it was amazing . The redness from my scars were gone and get this , a deep wrinkle that I had actually filled out . It did not go completely but it was almost completely gone ! No surgery nothing ! Even though I want , I will try another of their product and hope i get the same results.Jus hope i dont get the initial burning again . But for those who dont have any irritation issues , try it !
 This is a very moisturizing cream that nourishes the skin . It has an excellent , smooth texture . I used it as a night cream during the winter and it was wonderfully soothing to my dry skin . I also used it after a mild sunburn and it was very healing . The lavender essential oil makes it smell heavenly . The only downside is that it caused flushing to my skin which lasted a long time , so I would n't recommend this for daytime use .
 I have sensitive skin that either breaks out or dries out . I needed a moisturizer for my face and neck . So I decided to try the Avalon Organics Lavender skin care line . This is a wonderful product . It moisturizes and fine lines disappear . It is gentle on your skin , so it is perfect for people with sensitive skin . I have really noticed a difference using this product . Also just a very light lavender scent . Perfect for anyone who is looking for an organic product that helps minimize fine lines .
 I 've been using this moisturizer for a few weeks now , and I 'm just sorry it took me this long to try it ! I have sensitive skin that does n't react well to the stuff that beauty product manufacturers usually use in moisturizers , and this lotion has never caused any sort of bad reaction at all . It also does a nice job of diminishing redness and smoothing fine lines . I am completely addicted to it and will never use anything else on my face .
 I have purchased this cream several times and I use it as a night cream . The smell is very mild and calming and my skin seems ok . Of course I also like that it 's organic and not tested on animals .
 I use this day , night , all the time . It smells wonderful , works as promised and I would -LRB- will -RRB- purchase again as soon as I run out . My sister enjoys this product and is also going to order a second time . I do notice a difference . Could I pass for 25 ? Nah . However , I still dance in the mirror and sing my lungs out in the car , only stopping when I hit a red light . Buy this !
 I decided to try this night cream after reading the reviews and am totally satisfied with this product ! It 's really thick , but it soaks right in and leaves my skin feeling soft and fresh . My skin tone has already evened out , sun spots are fading and my skin looks clearer and brighter . And I 've only been using it for about 2 weeks ! I use it at night and during the day under my make up . Before using this cream , my face was pretty oily by the end of the day , but not anymore . And you ca n't beat the price . Obviously , it 's not going to work for everyone , but it 's definitely worth a try . I also use the Lavender body lotion and have noticed the KP on my arms is not as bad .
 I 've been using this moisturizer for over a year now , after I began to notice some little `` smile wrinkles '' around my mouth , consequences of being in my 30s . I 'm also breakout-prone , which means I needed something that would both hydrate my skin to prevent new wrinkles but not be too oily/greasy and make me break out . This little tub of miracle substance from Avalon has saved my beauty routine ! It 's absolutely perfect . My skin has never looked or felt better , soft and smooth and that lavender extract even reduces redness around my nose . It creates a great velvety texture under makeup too . I 've started buying this in bulk , because I ran out once and had to use the old oil-free Neutrogena moisturizer for a week -LRB- which was such a contrast , my skin went dull -RRB- . Also I will mention that the little lines around my mouth have now disappeared after using Avalon Organics.Couldn ' t recommend this product higher , it 's wonderful ! I hope the company never changes the formula or discontinues it ... because we love it exactly as it is , and I 'll be a loyal customer for life with this .
 This is the first review of a product I have ever taken the time to write because this product is worth it ! This product has changed my life and my skin !! I used to always have problems with my skin , I am very fair skinned and have had a tendency in the past to react to almost any product I put on my face . Just about any cleanser , toner or moisturizer in the past would cause my skin to sting and become bright red and itchy or cause a horrendous acne breakout , even products for `` sensitive skin '' . I tried this product because of the organic label and the Hyaluranic acid and I am so thankful for this product ! Avalon , please do n't EVER stop making this product . My skin was totally transformed within one week . All acne had disappeared , there was absolutely no redness , no itching and even hyper pigmentation from acne scars had begun disappearing . Within 2 weeks people were asking me what I had had done to my face , wondering if I had had some kind of procedure done because my skin was GLOWING ! I can not express how thankful I am to Avalon for making this product , and I also use the gel cleanser that goes with this moisturizer . My skin has been completely changed by this product and I would recommend this to ANYONE !
 I bought this cream because of the high Amazon rating and was very impressed . What a great product for my face . I absolutely love it . My skin looks like never before
 I 'm 100 % positive that is a very amazing product but the service is horrible I 'm still waiting for them to send it out is been 6 days since I order it and still they have n't send anything.I can not believe someone can not do their job right and send something out is not like is something that takes critical thinking.Horrible service
 The bag was a little smaller than I thought , but the soap smells great , and the fish are adorable ! My nieces will love to see these attached to the top of their Christmas gifts .
 These are actually really durable . i bought them for my friend who loves cosplaying as Orihime , and they work amazingly . Totally recommend them . She loves pretty cute as orihime , so do n't miss out on these . ; -RRB-
 Love these . Got them in the height of my Bleach craze . They are bigger than hairpins should be and very heavy . I would n't recommend them for wear but they are great for Bleach lovers .
 I love these pins ! I almost was n't going to buy them because of the reviews that said that it would n't stay in my hair but I did it anyway . When I got them I was surprised ; they were beautiful ! The picture does not serve them justice ! They are a lighter color blue and shiny and very pretty , but pretty big -LRB- about 1inch from opposite tips of the flower part of the pin . I stuck them in my hair , expecting them to fall out but they stayed in ! There were n't gripping my hair tightly but tight enough that I could jump up and down and probably wear them all day without them falling out ! And I have pretty thin-medium straight hair ! I am so happy with them and they were cheap too ! They are durable metal -LRB- it looks plastic in the picture but they are metal ... and shiny -RRB- and it looks like the exact ones from Bleach . They were also still in the official packaging and were very nice . The shipping was also good ; I got them right on time . I recommend these for any Bleach fans , or for anyone who wants pretty hairpins ! I will be sure to wear these a lot ! Thank you ! : -RRB-
 I was really supprized at the quality of these things my sister loves them . she just complains about the weight seeing as how they are metal .
 I love them , they 're very nice quality -LRB- although one set I had , the flower came off of the pin , but that may have been a fluke . Nothing some soldering could n't fix -RRB- . The ONLY downfall ? I have really thin hair , and they do n't tend to stay put . Otherewise < 3
 I just recieved my pins today and I am amazed by their size ! They are absolutely gorgeous and I definitely recommend this product to all Orihime fans . I 've tried them on and luckily have no problem with them fitting into my hair . From other reviews I doubted on ordering them , but since I am a Bleach fan I decided to order them anyway . Even if you are not able to wear them in your hair , -LRB- I luckily can ! :D -RRB- they are a great piece to add to your Bleach collection : -RRB-
 If you watched Bleach about this item , it will be a great gift for girls , especially if she watches Bleach .
 Great looking hairpins , even for non anime fans . I bought for my wife , and she wears them nearly every day .
 I have worn these hairpins for more than just cos-play . The flowers are practically welded to the pins so there 's no chance of them coming off easily . The pins are blunted so you 're not rudely poked . the flowers are well made too , they do n't scratch easily -LRB- so far I 've not seen any problems -RRB- but they are rather heavy so they can slide out of place if you 're not careful . but these pins are accurate reproductions of the manga/anime versions , I get compliments on them every time I wear them . perfect for a bleach fangirl who wants to show her interests without being overwhelming , or for the cos-player .
 One of the pins is closed to tight for me to stick in my hair . But overall , good hair pins .
 I do n't know why everyone is saying they wo n't stay in their hair because they work just fine for me .
 My daughter asked me for these for her birthday , and then again at Christmas . I finally got them for her . They look very nice and appear well made . I give a thumbs up .
 The ornamental part is large and bold , definitely wo n't get lost in your hair . The clip part is about like an over-sized bobby pin . Looks very authentic . The recipient of the gift was thrilled and put them on right away , they stayed in very nicely.I got them as a gift for my niece , but I think they would work very well for cosplay as well . I always worry about buying hair clips because they so often slip out of my hair , but these stayed put very well for the young lady I gave them to .
 this is worth the buy ! if u love orihime , then ur gon na love the clips . they are the official hair clips ! they are about an ich and a half wide maybe and are a lil heavy but manageable . you would see these hair clips at a cyphacon if you went ! thats how real they are ! great product ! metal clips are kinda hard to put in for me but i have small hands so i give this a A + + !
 Just got these in the mail today , they are super cute and awesome . I love them , And since Im being orihime for halloween this will totally help finish off my costume :-RRB- They fit in my hair great , and are comfy -LRB- :
 The hair pins really fulfilled my expectations , they are the same as the ones Inoue Orihime uses . The material seems resistent , but at the same time really pretty as the anime 's .
 This is a great product and i recommend the seller as well they arrived in a timely fashion and they are very well made ! i bought them for my girlfriend and she could n't look cuter with them on . this is a worthy investment wether your a bleach fan or not .
 Exactly like the ones in the anime ! The ends are a little sharp like I 've been hearing , but I have n't had a problem with it -LRB- just watch how you put them in -RRB- . I also heard that they have a tendency to fall out of your hair ; my hair is just like Orihime 's , straight and thick , so it may only be a issue for people with thin hair . Other than that , perfecto !
 There are really no complaints with this product . The metal they are made out of is very durable and stays in my hair fine , and the color does not peel off after two uses like most colored bobby pins you can buy at the store . The shipping was great - they actually arrived a bit early - and the price was reasonable . The only problem , if it counts as a problem , is that if you take them out of your hair the metal is very strong so it 's harder to take out than a normal bobby pin , but they are still fine as collector 's items .
 I had to have these , I bought them figuring that they 'd be flimsy and cheap and I 'd have spent way too much but I didnt care ! -LRB- like i said , I HAD to have them ! -RRB- :D Much to my suprise these are seriously high quality hair pins ! heavy , sturdy , absolutely wonderful ! they look fantastic to boot ! I couldnt believe how nice these ended up being ! I seriously reccomend these , you wont be dissapointed . They beat out hair pins I 've bought in dept stores and at a fraction of the cost.They do not however give you any powers or amplify ones you already have ;-RRB- Cute for non-bleach fans too !
 I thought they would be a flimsy piece of metal with a heavy front , but the were great . They look amazing .
 i loved the hair pins as soon as i saw them , they are very pretty and i am sure wont break because material is very good but they do n't really work for a hair accessory . it falls off everytime . but if you just want it to be a collectible something from the anime than this is it . for hair , not so good : -RRB-
 Being a Bleach fan myself and sister to another one , I was delighted to bring a pair of these Orihime 's hair-pins into our house as a gift . It was , I assumed , a fail-proof gift , but the pros of the pins often directly result in the cons.Their color is good - though a little dark in comparison to the anime - and the metal used to cast them is of a surprisingly good quality for hair-pins . -LRB- I was expecting cheap metal or worse
 I bought these hair pins a couple of days ago at F.Y.E and they 're awesome ! The only complaints I have are that they 're kind of heavy so if you have thin hair they probably would n't stay in and they 're a bit bigger then Orihime 's on the show . But other then that I love them and wear them all the time . They 're a very nice metal and also a very pretty blue so if your a fan of Hime 's it 's a must have . : D
 Being a big Bleach fan myself i just HAD to order these clips ! They came in right on time . I wish the color was a lighter blue , The flower 's are bigger then i expected , The clips are really annoying to put in , they keep on falling out -LRB- I have thin hair -RRB- Other then that there fine . I wear the clips almost everyday and everybody loves them .
 I bought these hairpins for a friends of mine ofr her birthday . She has never seen the Bleach anime but she is really into those decorative hairpins so i bought her a pair and she absolutely loved them.i would recommend this as gift to anyone that wears hairpins a lot .
 I worked them August 21st and not just for my uniform but everyday use . They are the same ones I saw in hot topic four years ago even have are made under the series name . My hair is very thin and fine so I did have a problem first but if you open the pins up more it helps : -RRB-
 This was a gift for someone and they loved it but they said it was a bit heavy and kept coming down bit by bit , but she also said that she loved it so much she 'd make it work . Other than that this product looks authentic but I think it would only be for big Orihime fans .
 These came in in only two days after I ordered them . They are so beautiful in person , and I reccomend this to all people !
 got them as a birthday present for a friend whom loves Orihime and they look great she loves them completely !
 The little lady loved these pins as she is a fan of Orihime from Bleach . They 're more decorative though than actually useful , but I have no hair so I obviously have n't tried them myself .
 I grabbed one of these when my expensive department store makeup ran out and I forgot to buy another . Glad I did ! This has been one of those `` finds '' that you discover once in awhile . I 'm not sure that it really makes me look younger , but I like the lightness of the makeup - you do n't feel like you 're applying clown makeup . The coverage is light but you look very , very natural and just pretty . I really like this and I have n't gone back to my expensive department store makeup in two years ! Highly recommend !
 I bought this toiletry kit for my husband because I was tired of seeing him stuffing all his toiletries on a groceries plastic bag every time we traveled somewhere . I was looking for something sturdy , easy to organize/find things . We have an upcoming 3-week trip and this kit has the perfect size . I have n't found anything this complete -LRB- with side pockets , see-through fabric , elastic holders , and hanger -RRB- . I liked it so much , I 'm buying one for myself , too !
 I travel almost on a weekly basis and this traveling kit helps a lot . I can just throw it in my bag and go . Friends and family are always commenting on how great it is -LRB- and of course hinting for me to get them one -RRB- . You wo n't be disappointed . It 's durable and not cheap . The quality is great and compares higher to some purchased offline .
 I 've road tested this bag for three years now , and I must say that it 's the best bag I 've owned -LRB- actually , I purchased this elsewhere at a travel store , and mine is green , but it 's the same style and manufacturer -RRB- . With it , I 've created a portable bathroom that rivals the cabinets in my own home.This is a durable bag with lots of zippered compartments and storage . In my situation , I keep my contact lens & eye care in one compartment , my teeth cleaning in another , first aid in another , and other bulky items in the center of the bag . The two side pockets are also extremely helpful for larger items like saline solution , bottles of cologne , pens , or anything else you fancy . And , this bag also has a designated eyeglass compartment , though it is a fabric compartment , and not a hard one . I doubt anyone will be disappointed with the number of compartments.The one thing I noticed after having the case for several years is that I grew tempted to fill this pack up to the brim -LRB- I mean , why not , it can handle it -RRB- . It surely packs a lot . But , it can get rather heavy and sizable ... but that 's me . I like to feel like I have a portable bathroom accompanying me on trips . Certainly , you do n't need to fill yours up as much as I do , but feel confident that you can fill it up if necessary.The ONLY three flaws I 've encountered was the following :1 . A simple thin metal retaining rod potruding from the side into the side pocket that eventually wore through -LRB- I simply push it back into place , however , and this item may not have that issue -RRB- .2 . Inside the largest compartment in the center , there were elastic straps sewn in that are quite handy in restraining objects . Unfortunately , after about a couple of years , the elastic has stretched to the point of failure even though they are are still functional at helping separate items in the center compartment .3 . Lastly -LRB- a minor form detail -RRB- , I like the fact that you can pretty much hang the bag anywhere away and off the counter and ground . However , I would have like to have included a hook for one thing . And the center of the pack does lean forward a bit away from the wall -LRB- in other words , not completely flat against the wall -RRB- . It 's not too much of a lean where things start falling out , but the pack could have been designed to sit flatter against any wall when hung , say , from a towel bar.Nonetheless , I am completely satisfied with the case , and how well it can be stuffed to the hilt . Best I 've ever owned , and I 've owned many . Stitching is great ... no tearing or loose threads . It is a soft pack with no hard shelled compartments . And , yes , when completely stuffed like mine , it can end up a bit bulky -LRB- fortunately , the closing strap is adjustable -RRB- . However , I 've been around the world with this pack many many times , and will continue to do so for many many times more . A sturdy and wonderful companion for any traveller who wants an organized and spacious toiletry pack . I definitely recommend it !
 I spend a couple of nights a month out on business . Looked around quite a bit for a replacement for a bag that was coming apart after many years . This bag is much more sturdy than the one it relaces . Love all the pockets/compartments . Could n't be happier .
 This is just what you need for any trip ! It is the absolute perfect size to contain everything from toiletries to make-up ! No more separate cases filling up your suitcase . It has a great hanging system so that you do n't have to unpack your stuff at the hotel in order to find it all.That means a lot if you go hotel hopping every couple days to different areas . It will also hold enough for a longer trip -LRB- maybe about 3 weeks -RRB- before you need to buy new supplies.This is extremely well made , though it is made in China , and the red is an ACTUAL bright red color - not the pinkish-red shown in this image . It does n't seem as if it will take up any more room in my luggage than all those separate cases did.Also comes with a limited lifetime warranty . Great purchase , I will probably buy more of these as gifts ! I have n't seen a bag like this before that is so well thought out .
 I recently traveled for one month and used this organizer every day . It held up fantastically and was very convenient . The large central storage was able to hold my shaving cream , razor , toothbrush , toothpase , bars of soap , face wash , face lotion and a few other things . I also kept a larger container in each of the two handy side pockets .
 I looked at a variety of sizes and styles , and this bag is more than perfect for my needs . I am ordering two more as gifts .
 Product works great ! Helps prevent sunburn and is easy to apply . I also use this throughout the day if I need to touch up on my makeup . I love this stuff ! One recommendation , if you are light skinned , go with Perfectly Clear ; if dark or tanned , go with Almost Clear .
 My husband , 2 year old daughter , and I just went to Arizona to visit my parents for a week . My mom let us use the Sunforgettable sunscreen , and it worked better than any other sun block/sunscreen that we 've tried before . It goes on dry and it does n't have that gross , greasy feeling like lotions and oils . My daughter did n't fuss when I put it on either . It was so fast and easy that she was off and playing in seconds ! Much better than fighting with her to put lotion on . We were all in and out of the pool and I even fell asleep by the pool and we did n't get burned ! I have pale skin and usually burn , so this was a miracle to me . My husband said we definitely have to get some Sunforgettable for our house . I 'm even giving it for Christmas presents this year !
 I love the idea of this sunscreen . I also love the consistency , and the fact that it does n't make my eczema act up . I do not like the fact that I can not tell when the powder is on , or not . It says to `` apply generously , '' but yet , I ca n't seem to tell when I have even put a lot on my skin . I am going to keep trying this , because it seems to be working , but it is a little confusing.It might be better to try one of the tinted colors before the clear so that you know exactly what you are doing when you buy this color .
 This is the greatest sunblock . It covers well , is cooling , a great change to have a powder sunblock . Looks beautiful on the skin . I highly recommend it . Received it as a mother 's day gift last year . This year I am giving it to other family members . Its great !!
 It is just a little difficult to know when you have enough on at first , but you get used to it pretty quick . Actually what I am most satisfied with is its reliability , because every sunburn just puts that much more age on your face . This product belongs up with my fave five look young products : Lancome Absolue Replenishing Cream SPF 15Clinique Clarifying Lotion 3Relastin , Eye Silk , 0.5 oz , 15 mlSkinCeuticals Ultimate UV Defense SPF 30 3ozRoC Retinol Correxion Deep Wrinkle Serum 1ozI ca n't turn back the clock , but I 'm not going down without a fight either !
 Easy way to protect skin from the sun . I love this clear product as it does n't some off on my clothes !!!
 I purchased this sunscreen last summer & kept it in the car - so easy & convenient to use - especially when I am driving around with sunroof open . Great product worth every penny !
 I love the Colorscience product because it 's easy to put on my kids without any of the mess . In fact , they put it on themselves and you ca n't even tell they are wearing any sun block . It 's not greasy , not blochy , does n't make your skin look white . It 's amazing . I highly recommend it . I even put it on their scalp -LRB- I have three girls -RRB- when I part their hair into pony tails . I 've used it everyday since I 've gotten it 2 months ago and the bottle is still completely full . I ca n't say enough about this product . Try it for yourself . I 'm sold !!
 This feels so good on my skin . It evens out my skin tones . I apply it after other lotions . I like the way it flows on my skin , so subtle I do n't even know it 's on .
 This is the most convenient and useful sunscreen I have used . I use it on my face and neck but was able to offer some to a friend when she forgot her high spf face lotion . Her shoulders were reddening in the sun and we were on a boat so I suggested she put Sunforgettable on the shoulder area ... it works fabulously , she did not burn and did not redden further . Love it ! And it lasts for ever . I bought this one to replace my old brush which was falling apart ... the previous one lasted 4 years -LRB- with a refill -RRB- . I still have at least half the refill bottle in my makeup drawer . I 'm a fan for life .
 This stuff is the best ! It really works ! The reason I bought it is to touch up my sunscreen after an hour or two without ruining my makeup . It 's a little spendy but using cover up over and over again after reapplying sunscreen is probably just as spendy!So my advice is to save a little time and buy this product ! Oh , and another benefit is that because it 's powder it 's really lightweight and easier to carry around in your purse . That 's more convenient so it contributes to better skincare practices ! : -RRB-
 This a a great sunscreen . It does n't leave any sticky residue on your skin like most sunscreen do . The brush works great too . However , 30 SPF was not high enough for me -LRB- I have fair skin and I spend a lot of time outdoors -RRB- . So I ordered a 50 SPF refill . Now that I am using the brush with the 50 SPF refill I am 100 % satisfied with my purchase .
 I really like this product . I use it on my two year old to get into the places where normal sunscreen ca n't go . I use it on the top of her hair -LRB- she does not have very thick hair yet -RRB- and in her ears . I use it on myself also -LRB- mostly for the face -RRB- ... It is convenient to throw in your bag so you always have sunscreen with you !!
 This is a great product for people with sensitive skin like me ! It also allows you to easily reapply throughout the day without having to deal with any messy , greasy creams ! The only drawback is the high price !
 Bumble and Bumble hair powder works for all hair types , but if you have fine hair it is a MUST have.The powder is an all in one styling tool . It offers unbelievable volume by spraying it on your roots and is a fabulous texturizer . The powder sucks up scalp oils and is finally letting me go multiple days without washing my hair . Us fine-haired gals know our hair looks sooo much better between washings . Bonus , this powder , offered in various shades , helps to hide any grays you might have at your roots.I have tried other , less expensive , products as well as baby powder for similar effects but this Bumble and Bumble product has met my needs well beyond my expectations . It is worth the high price tag and you can cut out other separate volumizing and texturizing products to offset .
 I think the problem some users may have with this product is that you really need to work at it a little to find the best way to use it to your benefit . It takes a little getting used to the type of spray , etc. , but once you get the hang of it , you will never want to be without . If it seems to settle on the roots , do n't spray so close to the roots and most of all , brush it through . My hair is fine and tends to be oily . Sometimes I spray at night , then wake up and comb , comb , comb . Other times I do it all in the morning . It does even out if you give it the chance . Just do n't think of it as hair spray or a product you spray on and leave . Work it through your hair it gives you a lot of control ! I can not imagine my life without this stuff .
 Weekend is a nice casual fragrance that 's best used during warmer weather . It 's perfect to wear on a warm sunny day . Has a nice lemony smell blended with musk and amber . It lasts about 7 hours or so on my own skin .
 Loved the sample . I recommend buying this . You will most likely love the smell . My fiance loved it so I am going to buy a bigger bottle . Thanks for the amazing product
 Bought it as a Christmas gift for my husband I received before the date that it was scheduled to arrive . Great price for the size and my husband loved it !
 The best of perfumes so far . with it am more than confident in all my activities and duties . Am incomplete without it .
 the smaller size lets me choose a variety of these products without make $ $ comitment to one i may end up not liking .
 Being a licensed hairdresser for many years , skin care is extremely important to me . Although I was blessed with good skin time does take an effect . I have spent hundreds of dollars on the best skin creams and seriums on the market with the leading physicians , product being my line . Anyway . after trying Boots No7 Restore and Renew , I find it does just what it says it will . My skin feels so soft with the deepness of wrinkles decreasing . There is no magic potion beyond surgery or injection however this is one of the very best skin care lines on the market and price makes it even that much more valuable . I am sold and will continue ... THANKS
 I purchased this product after reading a rave review and am so pleased with the results . A few days into using it 2x a day my dry , sensitive skin seems to have calmed down some and is so much softer . The fine lines around my mouth and eyes -LRB- and in between my eyes -RRB- seem much less noticeable . I also found that the moisturizer I use after seems to go on more smoothly , easily and absorb more completely . THILLED with this product . Go get it !
 I have loved this product since the first time I used it . I makes my skin feel smooth and healthy . My face really does feel restored and renewed . Oh , and I 'm going to be 70 years old on December 1st .
 I bought this for my wife after she saw a segment about it on Nightline . It does what it says for a change .
 I too saw this on TV . It may have been after The Insider . I went to Target & it was sold out . Went to another Target & picked it up . Used it that night & to my amazement it worked ! Save the Juvederm & Radiesse injections AND THE $ $ MONEY$ $ and PICK THIS UP . You wo n't be sorry ! I do n't work for them or even in the beauty industry , I just like many women was looking for an alternative to injections or $ 100 lotions . This is it ! I have laugh -LRB- marionette -RRB- lines & the beginning of crows feet . The laugh lines are what bugs me the most . I also have lines between my cleveage -LRB- years of laying out & swimming w/out sunblock -RRB- so I tried it there as well , and wow . I 'm telling all of my girlfriends , and this is one of the only reviews I 've felt compelled to write about something , ever . I hope they make it in a bigger bottle eventually because 1oz goes fast ! The `` Intense '' works the same as the regular Protect & Perfect Beauty Serum in my opinion so save the couple bucks & just get the regular one . In the long run , if you end up using it as frequently & in as many places as I do thoes couple $ $ add up to bottles over time . BOOTS IF YOUR READING THESE REVIEWS ALL OVER THE INTERNET PLEASE MAKE THE BOTTLES OF THIS PRODUCT IN LARGER SIZES THAN 1OZ PLEASE !!!!!! love love love it
 Boots No7 Restore & Renew Beauty Serum - 1 oz.Boots Restore & Renew is a really good product . There is convincing data that it works alsmost as well as prescription tretoin . I am researching the best and worst anti-aging creams based on my and readers ' experience and , where possible , trial data at truthinaging.com
 I have been using this product for over a year and swear by it as part of my daily skin care routine . No topical skin lotion will permanently alter the look and feel of your skin , so I never expected those sorts of results from Boots No 7 Restore & Renew Beauty Serum . What I have noticed is how much softer and more supple my skin is and how much the appearance of my fine wrinkles is minimized when I wear the product . On days when I have had to use other skin lotions , even ones much more expensive then this , my skin has not felt or looked as good . For the best results I use Boots No7 Restore & Renew Beauty Serum under a high SPF sun screen such asNeutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry-Touch Sunblock , SPF-70 , 3-Ounce Tubes -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- to minimize further sun damage to my skin .
 I really like the Boots No7 product line and I particularly love this serum . From the first time I put in on my face , my face felt good . It made my skin feel soft and healthy after only a few times of using it . I must state here for this review that I have really good skin and a good complexion to begin with - and I want to maintain it which is why I wanted to try this product line . I 've done a lot of experimenting and have yet to find anything that I love enough to stick with . However , this may just be the product line for me . I think that it is important to accurately pick the products within the Boots line that are for your skin type . For example , I have dry skin so I would never think of using anything other than formulas that are for dry , mature skin . I want to keep my skin looking good and healthy . I use this product with the day and night cream and I love the face wash -LRB- cream -RRB- . My husband has noticed that my make up looks smoother and better when applied and I attribute this to the new Boots products that I 'm using . Thus far , I 'm very happy with this brand .
 I have tried many different skincare products including those from department stores , infomercials , and the drugstore . The Boots No7 line of products does what it says!Since using the line of products , I 've noticed a difference in how my looks and feels . At first , I thought I was making stuff up in my head but I 've received multiple comments on how much better my skin looks since changing my skin regimen . The products feel great -LRB- not greasy -RRB- and most are fragrance-free . In addition to the serum , the No7 moisturizer , eye cream , wrinkle filler , and Glycolic Peel kit are all highly recommended.If you have oily or combination skin , the Complexion Refining Deep Clean Mousse is excellent.Try the products , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 Have only been using for a couple of weeks and got a compliment from my Dr. , saying my skin looked nice and had great texture . I did n't have a stitch of make-up on . . I use the whole line ... it is worth it . .
 I purchased this because I saw it recommended on The Doctors . It is a wonderful product . It makes my skin feel very soft , and smooth . I 've used it for almost three weeks now , and have noticed my lines softening . It makes my makeup go on smooth , and it 's not greasy . I use it alone during the day , and use it before moisturizer at night.I have already purchased another bottle !
 Although I 've only used this product a few days , I have seen immediate results . Users should keep in mind that the instructions clearly state that a moisturizer should be applied afterwords . At age 51 , I started to notice the beginnings of a `` turkey wattle '' under my chin . I saw an immediate improvement , with application of a moisturizer afterwords -LRB- moisturizers alone have not worked in the past -RRB- . Some people with sensitive skin had a bad experience with this product , but that may be due to the retinol palmitoylate -LRB- a strong acid used to treat acne -RRB- . I have eczema , and have no reaction so far -LRB- which would probably have been immediate , since it is an allergy related disease -RRB- . For $ 20 , it 's worth a try . I 'll probably keep using it , just because of the quick resullts.UPDATE
 I have been using No7 Serum and moisturizers for 2 months now and I can see a difference in my skin . I am in my 70 's and have tried other skin care that promise results , but Boots works .
 Love this product . a little goes a long way so great value ! Feels wonderful on skin . Helps with many skin issues .
 I was n't sure how long it would take to see results , but so far the product is working well . My skin feels soft , smooth and moisturized for hours . I have n't seen a reduction in wrinkles yet , but I 've only been using this product for a few weeks . I believe it needs more time . Overall , I like it and would recommend it to others .
 Great product , great price . You might want to disregard some of the negative comments from those who just plainly have skin problems , they have other issues unrelated to how great the product is for most people with normal skin types . This product has a sensitive skin line also . Some people just have sensitive skin and ca n't wear anything without reactions . This product was featured on the Dr 's show and was given the highest mark , beating out most expensive brands so I ran out to buy it and I 'm glad I did . Super happy with it , great results , great smell and leaves the softest and nicest feeling on my face . It 's a product of the UK . I tell everyone about it and just last night my sister ran out to get it , calling me from Target to inquire what I had bought . I hope this product remains around for a long time to come . I 'm 42 and look 30 ... seriously , my skin is fab now thanks to this product . I 've also seen this product featured in magazines such as Cosmo and stars are using it as well .
 I have n't used a serum before but I 'm not gettin ' any younger so I thought I 'd give it a try . I use a tiny dab and then another tiny dab of the No7 Day cream and my skin soft and supple and feels good all day . My skin tends to be papery dry which is uncomfortable . This lasts all day which is great . The scent is nice and light , barely noticeable and I have had no reaction . My skin also tends to be a little sensitive so that is important . Great price , great product !
 This is very helpful in filling out wrinkles and aging skin , especially around the mouth . I buy it regularly now .
 I started using this product about 3 years ago , having heard about it from a UK magazine . When it was first released there , it was a huge hit becoming sold out really quickly all over . I was thrilled to find that Target started to stock Boots products , including this one , so I tried it . It makes a real difference when applied morning and evening before a regular moisturizer -LRB- I use the Boots No7 Protect & Perfect Day Cream -RRB- . My skin is sensitive to many different creams and make up , but I have had no problems with this product . I would highly recommend this for those heading into their 40s and 50s , who would just like to go a little longer without wrinkles and lines .
 I love this product!I have very dry skin and Boots makes it moist and silky smooth with just a few drops . Lasts forever . Well worth the small price . Better than many expensive products I have used . Try it , you 'll love it too !
 Love love love this stuff ! My skin all ready feels and appears tighter , younger I will continue to order . Nuff said .
 Love it . I 've been using this serum for 1 month now and the biggest difference is a improved feel in my skins texture . Much smoother . I 'll keep using it for sure .
 This , along withOlay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream , 1.7 Ounceare two of my beauty secrets . I do n't have uber-sensitive skin , so I ca n't speak to the other reviews on this product that have been less than ideal . But this has definitely worked for me to reduce the fine lines on my forehead and cheeks . While these two products have helped me maintain a youthful appearance , pay attention to a few simple rules to reap the best benefits . If you do n't drink enough water or wear SPF everyday -LRB- like in your moisturizer and/or foundation -RRB- no product is going to work miracles for you . Minimize your alcohol consumption and exposure to damaging rays , remove makeup and moisturize at night and get ample sleep so that your skin has a chance to regenerate . That said , I have experienced positive results from this and the suite of Olay products and will continue to be a long-term customer .
 took this home and used it right away ... helps with the fine lines around my eyes and this is a very good thing
 I used this serum under moisturizer for over 2 years and I love it . I have combination skin and am prone to breaking out . This clears my skin and softens lines and makes my face feels smooth and soft . I used other No 7 skin care products and love them . Highly recommend to others . I also love their hydrating lipstick and make up . They are just a good as Lancome and Estel lauder but kinder to your wallet .
 So far i like it but i dont see any miricles . It does makes my skin feel really nice , but i think i have to use it longer to see the true effect .
 I am in my early 30s and started to see lines that no longer go away . This product has very noticeable effects in reducing the depth of my wrinkles . For me it only takes a couple days to see the effects , although I can see those wrinkles deepening again if I skip this product for days . The ROC retinol serum I tried before had similar results with wrinkles but made my face very sensitive with just a week-long use . The Restore & Renew serum only gives me the positive effects without leaving my face red and tender . The affordable price makes it even more appealing !
 I have just started to use it - hopefully it will work as expected ; - -RRB-
 I replaced a product I had been using for a number of years with the Boots No7 Protect & Perfect . I always change skin care items reluctantly because my skin is so sensitive . I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now and there has been no irritation . I have n't noticed that lines have diminished , but the product feels soothing , and it creates a wonderfully silky base for liquid foundation . And most important , it 's not greasy . I highly recommend this product .
 Better than Olay deep wrinkle when added to the night cream . I saw a reduction in wrinkles within a month . The product absorbs but protects . I like it .
 Within two weeks of using this product , I 've gotten many compliments on my skin from strangers and people I know . One person described it as a `` glow . '' I use it in combination with a very high PPD sunscreen , which seems to strengthen the effect . I apply it once a day after a shower so it will be more easily absorbed into the skin . My skin appears more supple , flawless , and bright , especially around the cheek and eye area . The product is a great deal . After trying many expensive products found in high end departments stores and being disappointed , I was pleasantly surprised that this drugstore serum does live up to its hype . People do n't believe me when I tell them that this and the sunscreen are my only facial products . Definitely worth the buy .
 I just received this product and have been using it for about 2 weeks now . It has made my skin more even and incredibly smooth . I can already see a difference in fine lines . When applied before make up , it gives you a luminous glow and your make up application is beautiful ! I am extremely happy with this product and would definitely recommend it !!
 I have very sensitive skin . Tried different creams - nothing seemed to work . Even the most expensive brands gave me allergic reaction . This one is just perfect . I mean
 Been using this product for a month now and really like it . I have oily skin and over the years have noticed my face pores are much more noticeable but this cream really works at reducing pores . My skin feels less oily overall and when I wake up in the morning my face is not as oily since using this . The product is also very affordable . You can get it at Target or on Ebay for 20 bucks .
 Saw this product on the Dr Oz show tried it and just love the way it makes my face feel .
 I grabbed one of these when my expensive department store makeup ran out and I forgot to buy another . Glad I did ! This has been one of those `` finds '' that you discover once in awhile . I 'm not sure that it really makes me look younger , but I like the lightness of the makeup - you do n't feel like you 're applying clown makeup . The coverage is light but you look very , very natural and just pretty . I really like this and I have n't gone back to my expensive department store makeup in two years ! Highly recommend !
 I bought this to use as a scrub and did n't expect anything but some exfoliation . This is so much more than a scrub and has actually kept my skin clear for over a year now . It 's not marketed as an acne product but it does an amazing job of clearing without overdrying . I 've had adult acne my entire adult life and this , coupled with the PTR 's Max Correction Pads , are the winning combo I have spent literally decades trying to find . I use this in the evening after I remove my makeup , add eye cream , and I 'm good to go . I wake up glowing . In the a.m. I wash with Cetaphil and follow that with a Max Correction Pad and that 's it . Clear , exfoliated skin that 's ready for sunscreen and makeup . This blue stuff actually works better than the yellow which was designed specifically for acne prone skin . I can see why this has won awards . It 's fabulous . PTR needs to do a better job of marketing it . And Amazon has , by far , the best prices on PTR products .
 My sister had this at her house and I decided to try it . I noticed a difference right away in my skin and purchased it when I got home . I have tried everything from Proactiv to Origins Modern Friction and even Oil of Olay . Nothing has cleared up my skin and made it better than this product . It 's gentle enough to use daily and wo n't dry out my skin . I even switched my daughter over to it and have noticed a huge change in her skin as well . I have even tried other other Peter Thomas Roth buffing beads and love them ALL !
 I had read about this in an online blog and immediately went to Amazon to see what real people were saying . I liked what I read so I got some . Margaret is absolutely right about this product ! It is the absolute best thing I have ever cleaned my 62 yr old skin with ! I use it every day and am amazed at the disappearance of small skin bumps that I have been plagued with for years . I follow it with Peter Thomas Roth facial creme and feel great all day . You will not find a better price than on Amazon -- I tried !
 Excellent exfoliator and facial cleanser . No need to scrub ; just gently rub in circular motion over wet face and neck . Good price too !
 I order the body and face buffing beads as pictured here . Instead I received the body wash bath buffing beads . They are different ... I love the product and I order it from Sephora a lot , just got the wrong stuff when ordering through this Amazon link.Update
 Works well on my temperamental 40 year old skin . Cleans and exfoliates without drying . Does not make me break or or give me red splotchy skin . I 've used it once a day for several weeks and now that several problem areas are improved I 'll switch to every other day . Could not find this in stores - it 's an Allure magazine winner why is it so hard to find ??!! Thrilled to find it here , and the price is great .
 I was having a hard time trying to decide between this scrub and the anti-aging version also offered by Peter Thomas Roth.Eventually I got this one since I am also on Retin A which itself is exfoliating and leaves my face with lots of dry flakes making me look like I have some serious skin illness.This is a gentle scrub that does it 's scrubbing function with lots of small jojoba beads.It 's kinda pricy since you can find lots of other scrubs with pretty good reviews for the same amount of product.BUT - the major selling point for me is that it uses Jojoba beads for its exfoliation.From my knowledge , I consider jojoba beads to be a much better exfoliant -LRB- also more pricy -RRB- than apricot shells or `` micro-sized '' sand/silica etc used by most of the other exfoliating scrubs on the market.It is exactly what I need . Just physical gentle exfoliation , nothing else.My retina A treated skin is already somewhat sensitive so I do not want any `` extra benefits '' such as fruit acids AHAs in forms of chemical exfoliation.This scrub is helping to decrease the amount of skin flakes peeling on my face as a side effect of retin A.That being said , if I were not on Retin A I would definitely try the anti-aging version since it seems to have more beneficial ingredients with the same amount of product for the same price .
 Love the face wash ... . Bought two of them because I go through it so much and o only buy online . . thanks ! Arrived on time also
 My hairstylist has been using this on me for YEARS and charging $ 20 bucks each time ... and even at that price it 's well worth every penny.It 's just a little vial so you dont think it could REALLY have that much of an impact on the condition of your hair but it 's amazing.It also lasts about a month - completely different from any other intense conditioner , I feel like this one actually repairs damaged hair , especially if you get highlights.Too bad it is no longer available , the minute I can order these I plan to!BRING THIS PRODUCT BACK !
 This is a deep conditioning treatment and should be used every 2 weeks . My salon charges $ 25 for every application of this very product and since I can not bring myself to spend that money every two weeks I 'm really glad I found this cheaper option on Amazon . Leaves the hair lustrous and smooth . You can especially tell the difference this tiny bottle makes if you use it immediately after a hair color treatment . I do n't use the pump , just apply it with my fingers like I would a conditioner .
 My salon quit getting this product in -LRB- and , from what I am reading , it is discontinued -RRB- . It always worked great to put shine and silkiness into my hair after my color/cut . I ordered this up and started bringing my own to the salon with me . Be sure to note tha this particular version is for color -LRB- not highlights -RRB- . I will continue to use this product until I ca n't find it anymore !
 Do n't waste your time on buying any other hair conditioner than this one.You ca n't use it after every washing but you can use it twice per month . Leaves your hair smooth and silky with no residue . Worth the money
 I have been using this product for a long time and have n't found anything that works as well . I used to buy it at Walgreen 's but they do n't carry it anymore .
 I had a very small sample of this perfume and decided I loved it so much I wanted a big bottle . My husband found this for me as a birthday gift and I use it almost every day . The scent is not light and to me smells like fresh air after rain with flowers .
 Product was shipped securely and arrived very quickly . Is the perfect trial size to see if you like the scent or not .
 It smells great ... if you cant get the normal size this is a great item ... I love this fragance you should buy it
 i used this perfume about 10 years ago and looked for till i saw it at amazon . i really love this product and what i got was exactly what i saw and expected . it is highly recommended for those who are connossieurs of perfumes .
 The most heavenly frangrance . I follow my man around enjoying his wonderful aroma when he wears Ungaro . It makes you want to get close to him .
 Reliable seller , excellent product , recommended 100 % the exquisite scent stays all day , the exquisite scent stays all day , is a soft and elegant fragrance I wear with pride .
 The muskey smell makes you feel sexy , especially on night out with friends.I would recommend to the guys who what to impress friends at an occasion .
 This is by FAR one of my favorite scents . I constantly get comments and even inquiries like `` what are you wearing ? THAT cologne smells AWESOME ! '' It 's also a good bang for the buck ! I wear it almost everyday and I am on my second bottle in over a year . I would highly recommend .
 Love the product , price and service . My wife loves it , too . Unique scent that lasts all day and night . Highly recommended .
 this cologne has become one of my favorites . it is so masculine and smells so good that i probably use too much at times . try this one and you will know what i mean .
 This perfume is a good one . I read it in someone 's blog and bought it . Would recommend anyone to buy this product .
 I got a great deal and I am very happy . I was nervous that the product might be a knockoff but it is the real thing and my girl thinks I smell great !
 This scent has been a favorite for many years . You will certainly receive compliments when wearing Ungaro III .
 Scent-sual attraction is a heck of a good reason to get this ! It leaves quite the impression on the ladies - wondering if they can cosy up to you for just that much more time than usually allowed ...
 This is a bit different than what I am used to , which is usually a light fruity sent . The spicy note comes out to me more than anything else . It has a more formal sent that seems suited cooler weather .
 WOW . This cologne makes me wonder why all my other ones do n't stay as long . I barely spray it on me and its there when i get back from work . if you apply it directly especially like you would other pefumes/colognes , it 'll be too strong and will be strong all day . so i highly recommend you try just a bit and see how you like it.i ca n't believe am saying this but 100 % SATISFACTION .
 You can google the reviews for the fragrance but I can confirm the reviews match the smell . It smells even better after 15-20min and it lasts hours -LRB- this is the sillage , two L 's , pronounced ` see-yazh ' ; not to be confused with fermented corn silage which has one L ! -RRB- . You will not regret buying it , people will comment on how great you smell often . As a bonus , few other men will be wearing this cologne so you have less of a chance of smelling like her ex whom she hates and reviles . Now you can earn her hatred all on your own . Enjoy !
 I enjoy the scent from this cologne . its a unique smell of spice and musk not too sweet . women I find are not too fond of this scent but it does smell like a mans cologne . a mans man would wear this . very masculine , not a woman 's scent in a man cologne bottle .
 I myself like men 's colognes since they are not so sweet and sickening like most female perfumes . Perfumas and colognes are generally a very persona ; choice ... but I have gifted this one to many men and they all love it . My Dr. says that he has to have at least 10 of the 3.4 oz at any given time .
 Great smell ... ladies notices and compliment the smell everytime I wear it . really glad to have made this purchase . Will be buying again .
 This perfume has a dark , sexy , and fresh scent which I like to use just about any kind of time in the day . I use it during casual outings and at work -LRB- I work night shift -RRB- because the scent is not too overwhelming and it lasts for hours . Moreover it does n't take a lot out of your wallet and adding it to your collection .
 I like this scent alot , its different than other stuff Ive been wearing . A real crisp scent that lasts all day long .
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 It 's refreshing to take a shower with this gritty hand soap . Leaves your skin feeling clean and smooth . Much cheaper then the department store exfoliants and just as good .
 Hubby can get more dirty than maybe 10 all together . &#60; g &#62; He is always working on something and this really helps him clean up .
 The price could n't be passed up as we use this for washing hands after greasing heavy duty trucks . Ca n't be found in auto or food stores . THX !
 Have used this soap for over 30 years , at work and at home.Then the store where i was buying it stopped stocking it.So i went on line and ther it was , in the 5lb . box made my day.Thanks for helping out this working man , im lost without it .
 First of all , let me start off this review by stating that I was attempting to look for some pink colored gritty hand soap , the same thing that was in the soap dispensers in the Boys room when I went to elementary school.Second of all , I 'm in a wheelchair . My hands are always getting very dirty from pushing the wheels and the dirt is so `` etched '' into my skin , it 's impossible to get out with regular hand soap.Having that said , I took to Amazon in an attempt to find this pink soap that I remember from my elementary school days . The only thing I could come up with , was this Boraxo product . I had no idea what color it was , let alone if it was the same stuff or not.The stuff arrives , and I smell some sort of aroma from the package that sort of reminded me of the scent of the pink soap . I thought I 'd found what I was looking for ! I opened up the package , and the soap is a white powder , not pink . I was a bit disappointed , but considering I 'd already paid for the item , and the shipping , I thought I 'd give it a shot.Now , I did n't expect this to miraculously clean my hands completely after one shot , even if it truly was the stuff I remember , just different color , and well , it did n't . But , it did do light-years better than regular hand soap . I 'll be continuing to use this product until I run out , and probably looking for a different seller , to avoid shipping charges . I seem to remember the non heavy-duty version of this product being sold by either Costco or Sams Club , online so that may be an option . I will have to compare prices , but more importantly , I do n't know the difference in the product , either or if , for me I can SEE a difference.The bottom line is , I do recommend this stuff for anyone in a wheelchair and are looking for other ways to get the dirt out of the cracks of your skin . You might want to apply some lotion after use , as I feel my hands are a bit dry at this moment after using the soap , but that could be just me.On a side note , I 'd read someone used a Parmesan cheese container to hold the soap , pouring it out from the box . I 've ordered just that from Amazon . It should arrive next week .
 What can I say , it 's Boraxo soap ! Always works good , does n't leave your hands feeling dry and takes out the dirt . Not too gritty either . Worth the purchase !
 I personally do n't care for soap with grit but I have heard from most of the crew that it works great . If you need something to take the oil and grease off , this is the soap to use .
 Have n't been able to find Boraxo locally . Hate to pay so much for it , but there 's nothing like it and never will be . I have a dispenser in my utility room next to the liquid soap , and when I need it , I mix them . Not much Boraxo and liquid soap wo n't take off - grease , oil , yard grunge , car grunge , etc. .
 This is great stuff!The grittiness of the Borax digs deep into the ridges of your hands.I forget the name of the shampoo back in the 50 ` sthat said it gets your hair squeaky clean , but this does it for your hands.A little goes a long way , I would guess I use about 1/4 teaspoon or less.Wet your hands first , then sprinkle some on.I use a grated Parmesan cheese container as a shaker.I always shut the water off while I 'm scrubbing my handsthen turn it back on to rinse , a very good conservation practice.Robbin Rohner
 The best hand soap I 've ever used . Sometimes hard to find locally in powdered form for dispenser . Even helps clean paint brushes , but needs a lot of rinsing when done . Great price at this seller .
 Shipped promptly and the product worked as well as it has always preformed over the last 50 years that I have been using it .
 It Never Ceases To Amaze Me that every time someone comes up with a great new product some upper management idiot comes along and takes it off the market . Prior to the availability of Banana Boat Suntanicals , the best the consumer could hope for was smearing sticky , smelly , gooey slop all over themselves every time they went to the beach . I was overjoyed to have found Banana Boat Suntanicals , now I ca n't get it . Thanks for nothing .
 I do n't know if anyone else has noticed , but most sunscreen/suntan lotion does not smell that appealing . The Suntanicals Sunscreen however , has a great smell that makes you WANT to put the lotion on besides for the UVA/UVB protection . Overall , this sunscreen is great and protects you from the sun while letting you have a nice tan .
 This SPF 30 lotion from Banana Boat is hard to find . Works real well for those who need a 30 block . Smells great , goes on easy , no oily feel . Lasts long !
 I search `` Suntanicals '' online every so often because it is the best sunscreen I have ever used and am heartbroken they do n't make it anymore . It is lightweight , smells wonderful , and it 's waterproof ! Does it get any better ? Banana boat , if you could only manufacture this again , I would buy a lifetime supply !
 This Sunscreen goes on like regular cream , not greasy or sticky and smells great ! It was so hard to find last year and now I guess it 's not being made anymore .
 I find that a lot lotions tend to be watery and in general less moisturizing comparing to creams . But this one is different . It is not watery . It absorbs easily , and does an amazing job moisturizing my skin . I can definitely feel a difference before and after using it -- my skin feels smooth , soft and moisturized . Perfect for summer .
 Been wearing this Cologne for years . Complements from the girls all the time . Clean , fresh , not a sweet fragrance
 I have been searching for a cologne for my husband that is different , in a good way . Some of the colognes are so overpowering and they all smell the same . This cologne is just perfect . He receives many compliments on how great he smells !! Luckily , I am not the jealous type .
 Okay people . I really do n't keep up with whether it is Eau De Toilet or cologne . All I know is how it smells.This makes me smell important and Western European.I 'm not European but I am important.Purchase it . I assure you it is one of the best smelling colognes out there .
 This is a great cologne at a super great price because it 's a tester with no cap but who cares . It was a FULL bottle and smells great !
 This is my favorite fragrance for my husband . When his last bottle ran out , I found this on Amazon at a good price and the shipping was really quick .
 i love my fragrance Bulgari , beautiful , wonderful , perfect , incrible , nice!i love my fragrance Bulgari , beautiful , wonderful , perfect , incrible , nice !
 I am very grateful for this product because it had already time looking , thank you very much , keep it up
 This was a gift for my son at Christmas and he just loves this scent . He usually gets this cologne every year .
 Essence and smell goes away to soon . Need to improve and work on the perfume to stay longer on the body .
 really good product and just what i expected , is get on time and is just beautiful and original botton line i love it
 Got it for Christmas for my Dad , its my favorite cologne and his as well.If you want an amazing smell that is n't overpowering but subtle and clean , this is the one !
 My favorite cologne ! I ca n't ever find this in stores in this size . I was able to purchase the 3.4 oz for what is being charged for 1.7 oz in the factory stores . Product was delivered WAY ahead of est. delivery date and exactly as described . Thank you Amazon !
 I test scents at Sax Fifth Avenue and purchase online . This is a nice , clean scent . Women love it . Worth it .
 Eu sou muito muito apaixonada por este perfume , apesar de masculino , uso muito e , sempre recebo elogios com ele . Amo !!
 Producto de Excelente Calidad , el cual cumpli&oacute; con el tiempo de entrega establecido . Debido a lo delicado del producto el empaque estuvo adecuado para su anejo y manipulaci&oacute;n .
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 This gel makeup remover does n't feel oily and works better than most oil-based removers.I use several products of this brand . All are extremely gentle .
 The Free and Clear shampoo and Conditioner are great ! They do exactly what they should without adding any scents . I really like how they leave my hair - which is very fine and dries out easily . I highly recommend it .
 This conditioner is really good . I am using this product for the last couple of months . I would certainly recommend this conditioner to anyone who reads my review ...
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 I use it to seal the ends of my hair after every wash . It helps the keep my hair soft as well .
 I have the same shade , Tender Beige 06 . I put it in the morning , it covers very well and it smells really good.I have oily/mixed skin and I 've discovered that it also absorbs the excess from my face and I arrive in the evening with my face clean , non greasy and still covered.Another thing is that it does n't obstruct the pores nor that it leaves your face looking like a mask ; it blends with your face colour very well and leaves your skin smooth.I 'm very pleased with it and i intend to purchase it again .
 We prefer the spray-on sunscreen to the goo that needs to be smeared on , especially on already-sensitive skin . This stuff fits the bill . It 's easy , convenient , and it works .
 After my dermatologist had been recommending this product to me for years , I finally found it somewhere for less than $ 100 . My skin was instantly smoother and my pores were tighter . I have EXTREMELY sensitive skin -LRB- I can not even wear face makeup -RRB- and this did n't irritate me one bit.Heaven in a bottle !!!
 Bobbi Brown mascara is great ! Why do I believe this :1 . The Brush is the key to the application of the mascara and everyone knows this but continues to believe the CRAP the cosmetic industry puts out to sell billions of crap every year . This is the BEST mascara brush and the mascara goes on evenly and stays put . Looks fabulous . What else could you want ? 2 . It last ! I watch makeupbytiffanyd on youtube and the she likes drugstore mascara too , however if I were to put on false lashes and wear drugstore makeup I might get the same look as Bobbi Brown 's mascara .3 . There are some things you can skimp on and others you can not . Mascara is definitely not something to skimp on . If you are looking to save money , make your own skin care - Bobbi 's Anti-Serum is wonderful , her eye gel is great for using with makeup - however I am going to make my own skincare that is fresh and actually works.Hope this helps .
 This mascara is the best I 've ever found . I ca n't find it in stores now but thankfully I found it now .
 my husband loves this scent and he was never able to find it easy in stores . Found it here on AMazon , fast shipping , exactly what we expected .
 I was satisfied with the shipping and the product received . It was well packaged . It 's an original and smell great . At the time I ordered this in 2011 I think , it was decently priced but it has doubled in the last years due to increasing popularity of the newer versions of Lacoste colognes . I have been buying this cologne for the last ten years , yearly for my father . This is cologne is his favorite and he refuses to try another one apart from Pour Homme from YSL . It has always been around $ 35 and I was always told at perfume stores that it was being phased out and will no longer be available . Each year , I would return and find it there on the shelf around $ 35 to $ 42 but now it 's around $ 70 or more . It sucks . I had to buy him a different cologne at a store this year as the price is too high . I hope the price goes down as it does not smell like the newer Lacoste colognes and has a retro smell that most people these days do n't wear so there is no need for it to go up in price .
 OKAY SO WHEN BUYING COLOGNES DEPENDING ON WHAT KIND OF MAN YOU ARE , YOU WANT TO SMELL MASCULINE OR YOU WANT TO SMELL SWEET . ME I PREFER TO BE THE MASCULINE SMEELING MAN . THIS COLOGNE HANDS DOWN IS THE BEST LACOSTE HAS TOO OFFER . WOMAN WANT THEIR MEN TO SMELL GOOD BUT NOT TO STRONG . WHEN YOU PUT THIS COLOGNE ON AT FIRST IT IS VERY STRONG BUT AS IT LAYS ON YOUR SKIN IT BECOMES A MANLY SMELL THAT EVEN THE HOTTEST FEMALE CAN NOT DENY . I HAVE GOTTEN SO MANY DOUBLE TAKES ITS REDICULOUS IM LIKE JUST GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER ALREADY !!! . FOR THE SWEET KIND OF GUY YOU WILL WANT LACOSTE ESSENTIAL . I PURCHASED IT AND ITS OKAY BUT LIKE I SAID BEFORE IM NOT THE KIND OF GUY THAT WANTS TO BE SMELLING SWEET , THAT MIGHT ATTRACT THE WRONG CROWD.ALSO FELLAS A MUST TOO KEEP IN YOUR ROTATION IS -LRB- BLVGARI AGUA BLUE -RRB- , AND -LRB- USHER FOR MEN -RRB- .
 I hate that Maybelline discontinued this product . It is the best I have ever used . It has the best brush that gets to every lash , it does n't sting when eyes are wet , and like the last reviewer said it makes you have bedroom eyes . . who doesnt want that . My hubby has given me compliments on my eyes ever since I started using it a year ago . The `` Volume Express '' I think they replaced it with is no where near as good and the brush it 's too thin . Please Maybelline bring it back !!!! I have bought myself a few bottles but I might go and get more since its no longer available ... : o -LRB-
 I have used this mascara for years and have always had great long thick dark lashes because of it . . I HATE that Maybelline quit making it . I had stock piled about 8 tubes but am now on my last tube . I will not pay $ 15 for it -LRB- here on Amazon -RRB- but I wish Maybelline would bring this back . . The only one I ever found that halfway compared was Sky High Curves , but they have now discontinued that too ! Why oh why ... My search for mascara continues but is getting expensive . Has anyone found a mascara that compares to Lash expansion ? Please let me know .
 I have used this mascara for several years and LOVE it . I wear contacts and it does irritate my eyes , it never flakes off , and it wears really well on your eyelashes . Several months back I realized I could not find it on the shelves in the stores . I finally gave up looking and decided to go on line . Thanks to Amazon I am once again able to use my FAVORITE mascara . Thank you , Amazon .
 I was distraught when I was no longer able to find this product in our area -LRB- Lakewood , WA . -RRB- I was delighted to see that not only did Amazon have it , it was dirt cheap ! I rushed in and bought 4 just to be assured I 'd have a few in reserve . I am now chewing my nails off , trying to decide to buy all this particular seller had . This mascara is thicker with a perfect wand . Since I like dramatic lashes , this applies a nice smooth , yet thick consistency that I adore . If you like the a-natural , sheer look , I recommend Stilletto , but if bedroom eyes are your deal , then this is a wonderful product . Im off to buy more ...
 Non irritating , and created lots of volume . However , my short lashes need more length than volume . I purchased quite a few of them on Amazon since they were fairly inexpensive . I used two , and gave the rest away to friends who wanted the volume .
 Thu = is is better than any other mascara I have tried . But it does clump .
 Over the years , my scalp psoriasis has gotten worse . Dandruff shampoo 's no longer helped . I researched Shampoo 's recommended for psoriasis and found Free & Clear Shampoo . After researching the ingredients of this shampoo , I began to use it . I have now used this shampoo for over a year now and have had no problems , no reactions , etc. . Finally , a shampoo I can use .
 My husband has contact dermatitis and this is the only shampoo he can use.This is one of many prouducts that we had previously found in drugstores and pharmacies but can now only find online .
 I 've had trouble with a dry , flaky , itchy scalp . I 've tried multiple dandruff shampoos/other treatments with nothing helping . I went to an allergist who recommended this product . I was turned off by the price but since I 've tried it I 've been amazed . I 've had very rare episodes of itchy scalp .
 This product is wonderful for anyone suffering from sensitive skin . I had been looking for a product that would not make my scalp itch , and I finally found one . It cleans without drying the hair or scalp . Good product .
 Free & Clear is the only completely unscented product out there for people with allergies . It is an excellent product . I can not use any shampoo off the shelf . I was so happy when I found Free & Clear . It 's saved me .
 It works really well for my little boy who has skin allergies , it is very mild .
 UPDATED REVIEW 11/12/12 : This review is updated . During my first review , I thought that this product was contributing to my facial acne . However , I found out that the real culprit was a fungus in my stomach . I took probiotics to get rid of it and my complexion is better than it has ever been . I 've also been using the Free & Clear Shampoo and it 's been great . It lathers well and provides a nice clean feeling without all the extra harmful chemicals and fragrances that many other commercial shampoos have . It also does not over-dry my hair.I highly recommend .
 GREAT ITEM !!! Not filled with fillers ... I used to have to clean my drain every week because it would get clogged with what I thought was hair but since I switched to this soap and shampoo , my drain problem is gone . Just imagine if that is what it does to a drain , what it is doing to your skin and hair . No more build up and a lot less itching !
 This is a great shampoo , especially for people with an itchy scalp . I have tried many different shampoos but have been using FREE and CLEAR for several years . I can not use anything with fragrances or dyes so this is a great product .
 My DD has moderate eczema even on her scalp . The Free and Clear was recommended by her dermatologist . Within 2 weeks the eczema was cleared on her scalp . The only thing I wish is that it was tear free . With an 11 month old , washing her hair and having it stay out of her eyes is difficult . After one incident of shampoo in the eyes , I have perfected our hair washing technique .
 I can ALWAYS find what I 'm looking for at Amazon ... in this case , a specific shampoo recommended by our dermatologist . Amazon is a great resource for merchandise and the first place I look . -LRB- Free & Clear Shampoo is a great product as well -RRB-
 It was a pleasure to deal with this com.This product exited my expectation 's . description was correct.So I give this product an A + .
 This is not a savings ! Bought the shampoo and conditioner at Publix for $ 20 -LRB- on special order -RRB- . Absolutely love it ! I am 51 and am about 60 % grey . My husband said that it used to feel coarse and now it is soft ! I feel like I have young hair again , it 's so light weight now!I definitely recommend Free and Clear - but not at this price : - -RRB-
 Good product . I purchased this product because I thought I was having a reaction to scented shampoos and hair spray . However , my problem turned out to be acne with some swollen sweat glands . Therefore , hopefully the acne on my forhead will be cleared with the product epiduo that my Dermatologist prescribed for me .
 I 've used this conditioner on my daughter 's hair for over a year now , she has eczema and this product has been a life saver . None of the usual kid conditioners are unscented -LRB- though most all claim to be `` hypoallergenic '' -RRB- , so we used to have to choose between her gouging her scalp or having snarled , frizzy hair . Our pediatric dermatologist recommended this and we 've been using it ever since . It does work better if you let it sit for several minutes prior to rinsing , but it makes her hair soft and easy to comb when we do . I will say , I was impressed with the speed of this company . I originally ordered from just OTC through amazon , and after 7 days I got an email that my order was cancelled because the product was out of stock - even though I was annoyed I decided to give amazon another chance . I ordered with AAT through amazon , and I had the product 3 days after ordering - with just regular shipping.I will definitely go though them from now on .
 I am 47 years old and I can tell you that after years of trying to find a shampoo that would n't irritate my scalp or chemical sensitivities - Free & Clear Shampoo is absolutely the best shampoo I have ever used ! I no longer have a constant itchy scalp and this winter is the first time that I have n't had any dandruff ! The shampoo makes my hair look and feel great . I hope they never stop making it !
 this is the only shampoo I use . I have eczema on my hands and can not use harsh chemicals on them or I will break out very badly . I havent broke out in a severe rash since i switched to this shampoo !
 I have been using this shampoo for a couple of weeks & find it cleans my hair well and is not irritating at all . I am using the conditioner too and like it also . Only down side is that my hair can get dry , so I have used some after-shampoo styling cream that adds a bit of moisture . But it has helped to prevent itchy scalp : o -RRB-
 I was using Mustela foam shampoo for my 21/2 year old because I was still using it for my 1 year old . Then , I thought it was time to find a shampoo that was n't for babies . I tried Jason 's shampoo for kids and did n't like it for my 21/2 year because he tends to get what I think looks like cradle cap . So I wanted to find something similar to the Mustela . We have only used the Free & Clear for a very short time but his cradle cap has gone away . Although I do n't think it is cradle cap but I have n't taken him in to get it diagnosed but it sure looks very similar . I am very pleased with this product . It lathers up well and rinses away easily . I have found the other shampoos hard to rinse out of his hair . But this product washes out very well . It leaves his hair and scalp soft and not dry . If the cradle cap stays away after using a whole bottle , I will buy more .
 I call this soap without soap , no fragrance , and it really is recommended by doctors.I have given several bottles as gifts and everyone likes it . One ladysaid if she uses it she does not need a conditioner . If you think it is high priced remember you do not need much to work up a good lather.It is a little difficult to find in my area , I know of one place and it is much higher priced than Amazon.Next time you are trying to make up your 25 buck order throw in a bottle.Great for the whole family .
 Upon the recommendation of my dermatologist , I bought this product . I actually ordered 2 of them since I can not find it in any stores . Very mild cleanser . Leaves my scalp clean but not dried out . I would highly this product .
 This shampoo may not be cheap , but it works well , does n't cause any reactions for me and cleans my hair well . It does n't lather much , but shampoos should n't lather much , and often the additives put in to make something lather can cause skin irritation . I do have a bar shampoo that I can use , but it does n't clean quite as well as this .
 I use this for my son since he is 2 months old . This is very nice shampoo for sensitive skin
 The Free & Clear products are GREAT for my hand dermatitis as well as my allergies . Have absolutely nothing but excellent feedback on these products . I never realized that not all `` scent free '' products are `` chemical free '' until enlightened by my allergist .
 Refer to my review of the hair conditioner which you absolutely need to go along with this product . My head has a mean patch of psoriasis on it that I 've felt is more than psoriasis . . maybe sensitive to the hair products I use as well . . and I mgiht be right!I need more time to use it before I can give a good review , but so far , it has reduced the itching on my scalp tremendously .
 I have recently developed a sensitivity to a whole range of beauty and cleaning products , and this product really helped me with this allergy . I will continue to use this brand , as it has nearly cured my chronic urticaria . Great value for a great product ! Thank you for the relief ! Even without an allergy - this shampoo really gets your hair clean !
 This is the best shampoo and conditioner I 've found that is fragrance free and dye free -LRB- both of which I 'm allergic to and have not had any reaction to . -RRB-
 Love the clean feel and smell . Leaves my scalp clean . I 've used this for 5 years now . I will probably continue with this product .
 I have used this product for approximately 8 years due to allergies . I even recommend it to others with skin or scalp allergies .
 I suffer severe allergies and I 've finally found a line of products I can use without suffering for it.I will continue to order and use this excellent product .
 I am not young , and throughout my life have gone through many hair &#34; products &#34; . This is by far the best shampoo I have ever used . It is light , it cleans , and it does n't itch . And finally but not importantly , it is inexpensive . I had gotten to the point that I would pay an amazingly high price for shampoo that did n't cause desire to shave my head . This is just what it is . Free and Clear . It is not Dollar Store , but it comes in a clear value added product .
 I am now on my second bottle and am happy I tried it . There are few products out there for people with chemical and fragrance issues . This is a great product line .
 Very good shampoo without sulfates . Cleans thoroughly but does n't lather until the second application . It does n't moisturize at all , so if you have dry hair , it may not be the best for you . The advantage is that you do n't have oily product left on your hair that can cause irritation later . I can not use products at all that leave oily residue and perfume in my hair , so I am willing to accept hair that is a bit drier .
 Dermatologist recommended and one of best and most gentle shampoos for condition , leaving scalp more moist thanTGel type -LRB- tar -RRB- shampoos which dry it out yet removing scale .
 Hair feels clean , no rashes because of it . All in all , a good product . It will not foam up like other shampoos so do n't expect that - but that 's because those things can cause allergic reactions . This was recommended by my derm .
 This is the only product we have found that keeps our daughter 's sensitive skin and eczema happy . We have nearly everything from this line of products . Although this is not a tear-free formula , we have n't had any problems with that and have been using it since she turned 1 . I highly recommend this if you have problems with sensitivity , eczema , or chemical allergies !
 I am allergic to perfume and dyes . I will get sores on my head and itch like crazy if I use them . This shampoo is great on my hair . I get compliments all the time on how soft and shinny it is .
 But oh how I miss fragrance and the feel of `` real shampoo '' . It does seem to work for me as far as controlling itch and reactions .
 This has been prescribed by my doctor for scalp problems . I do n't know if it 's working because my scalp still itches but it is n't getting worse just not better .
 It gets the job done by cleansing without irritation . I just ca n't give it five stars because it is so expensive .
 My scalp no longer feels uncomfortable now that I am using this product ! I have a lot of allergies and this product is perfect . It leaves it clean and soft . I also have naturally curly hair and it leaves it manageable .
 I 'm allergic to fragrance so the Free and clear product line is exactly what I need in hygienic products for day to day use .
 Ahava Products are made really well . I really like this cleansing cream because it does the job and also leaves the skin on my face feeling really soft , after the very first time of using it . Now I use it every day and love it.I also recommend using the Ahava Purifying Mud Mask . Again , it really works . Shrinks pores . Fantastic .
 I am not sure what people expect from a spray sunscreen . After you spray it you still need to rub it in to make sure you get full coverage I have used this sunscreen while working outside and exercising with great results . I like the manual spray because I do n't feel I am wasting half of it into the air .
 We have used this sun screen for years even though it is hard to find -LRB- except on Amazon.com ! -RRB- It goes on easily and provides great protection as well as a very goo value compared to the continuous spray sun screens . This bottle will last probably 10 times longer than one can of the continuous spray . Great for applying on squirming kids who hate to stand still for sun lotion . I only wish it came in an SPF 50 .
 got this for my toe-headed thin-haired 1 year old . easy to apply and i feel better letting him out in the sun , especially since he always rips off his hat .
 I will only order my sunscreen this way again . If you have a pool and a lot of people always looking for the sunscreen , having 3 bottles around is great and the prices was a bargin .
 You may realise by now that was an allergic reaction . . this should work great for most people . Sorry it didnt work out for you , but ... for 99 % of people this should be awesome ... I like to keep one in the car , I never know what I 'll end up getting myself into
 I 'm a soccer referee , so I spend a lot of time in the sun , and I can not wear a hat -LRB- not part of the uniform -RRB- . My hair is a little thin in the front and back . A couple sprays of this product on the exposed spots and I 'm good for a few hours . It does n't make my hair flat and greasy . It 's sort of like hair spray might look in your hair , but it 's not quite as rigid . It works pretty good .
 We love it as it 's not greasy and easy to apply . With being out in the sun for golf , it 's perfect for my husband .
 I just love the fact it is a spray and fast drying . With 3 bouncing balls for kids who just never seem to be able to stand still , it is easy to get on and they are willing to have a regular repeat of the treatment . The aerosol can spray seems to run out much faster than this one . It protects well .
 I absolutely love this product ! Not greasy -LRB- although it does leave a texture on your hair , almost like flexible hairspray -RRB- . Works great ! Can spray on body , but I use it in my hair since my hair is thin and my scalp gets burned as a result . My husband also loves this stuff -LRB- and he typically does n't care what kind of SPF he uses -RRB- . Great Product !!
 Out of all the sunscreen application types -LRB- lotion , aerosol , and spray bottles like this -RRB- this is by far the best . Fine misty spray easily covers what you are spraying with a light coating . It is by far the best thing to use to spray on your face/scalp/neck , and it works just as great on arms/legs as well . I keep a bottle in my golf bag , each car and garage . SPF 30 isnt the highest SPF , but it is certainly high enough to be effective for a few hours of being out in the sun , probably not good enough for young kids out all day . Highly recommended because of the ease of use .
 Just came back from the lake and used this . GREAT STUFF ! Dries fast , stays out of eyes , and kept me from getting burnt . Hard to find in stores so purchasing several more on Amazon .
 Being a hairy guy , it 's a lot of effort to spread a cream over my legs and arms -LRB- and it 's futile to attempt my chest -RRB- . However , this spray comes out as a fine mist that gets past my hairs to the skin . So , a spray and quick rub is all it takes . I still use a cream on my face because the alcohol base can sting -LRB- particularly after shaving -RRB- . Effectiveness
 It 's a good solution for preventing sunburn on the scalp without wearing a hat . I use a lot of sunscreen and this is n't the best one I 've ever used , but it 's somewhat effective and does n't leave my hair super greasy like regular sunscreen .
 I play golf all summer , but I do n't like wearing a hat . This stops the sunburn of my scalp , the top of my ears , and my face .
 I love this product . I do n't use it on the face , because it does not seem strong enough for my nose -LRB- very fair skinned -RRB- . But for the rest of the body , it applies very quickly and works very well , especially if you have hairy arms , chest , etc. . Seems to last much , much longer than the aerosol cans . Unfortunately , it 's getting harder and harder to find in the stores . I 'm glad Amazon still has it . Get it while you can .
 Thank you so much to Amazon for carrying this pump spray clear sunscreen . My husband works outdoors and this is what he likes the best . We ca n't find it in any of the stores around us anymore . I always check Amazon.com for items and once again they have what I 'm looking for at a great price .
 First of all , manufacturers are horrible for not having the liquid spray and going solely towards aerosol spray . Aerosol spray lasts one day . This liquid spray dries quickly and lasts several days longer than the aerosol.This spray liquid is a must unless you want to spend a fortune on aerosol .
 I bought this stuff because my husband learned it works as a repellent for gnats in addition to sunscreen . It works wonders keeping the gnats away - a quick spray in the face and several in the hair keeps them away for hours . As a sunscreen it works fairly well but keep in mind it is not waterproof . It is light and not oily so fine to use on the face and hair . Overall a good product .
 I absolutely love this sunscreen . It goes on clear -LRB- does n't stain clothes -RRB- and is dry to the touch , not greasy or oily like other products . Works great on scalp too without making hair greasy .
 I am 60 and have thinning hair . Tried many products . This is the one that gives me the most volume and texture . My hairdresser is impressed with this as well . The price is great and you do n't need to use a lot .
 I have limp , fine hair . This leaves it with nice body without the separation that gels often cause . Does it make my hair look amazing ? No , nothing will do that , but it 's definitely better and I am happier with it when I use it .
 While this wo n't give you a luxurious mane of hair , it will instantly improve what you do have .
 I purchased the iron for my neice at Christmas . She is very pleased with the product . It is a bit smaller than I expected , but she has very thin hair , so it works out great . I do n't know that it would work as well for someone that has very thick hair . It would take a very long time to achieve the end result .
 This is the best hair product I have used . I use this as an everday conditioner . It leaves my hair shiny and full of volume . I love it !
 I 've used this cologne for several years . It feels like clean , cool fresh water and it is slightly sweet .
 This is one of my all time favorite scents - but very hard to find . I just love the sandalwood scent base . Horizon is a very masculine earthy and woody scent that will not disappoint . Highly recommended .
 My husband 's signature scent - and I can tell when he runs out because he uses something else by Guy Laroche until I can replenish his supply . Hard to find ! I 'm not good as describing the scent but it 's very masculine and distinct . Use too much and it can be overpowering but just one or two spritzes lasts all day . He still smells great after coming home from working all day . Love it !
 While wearing this FOFO in an airport I was sniffed by a lady who then sent her husband to sniff , at this time I became suspicious and turned to the and they asked what it was , I told them and we all had a good laugh !!!
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT . IT HEATS UP IN SECONDS AND COOLS DOWN IN SECONDS . IT IS GOOD FOR PEOPLE ON THE GO .
 I bought this when I started my dreads for the 3rd time . I have dark brown hair and it works great and smells awesome ! The 2 times before that I had dreads they did n't look nearly as polished as when I used the wax . I 've had dreads for a bit over 6 months and I still use this once a week to keep them de-frizzed and polished . It takes a very small amount to use and make sure you work it good , otherwise it can be too waxy and visible . But I definately recommend this product !!
 Not sure if the shampoo really helps to lighten hair , but it is great quality nonetheless . A little shampoo goes a long way , it foams very well , and has a thick consistency -LRB- not watered down like most cheap shampoos -RRB- . I love it . It may not help my hair color , but I will keep using it for the quality.It also smells nice , nothing too strong or particular , but it 's pleasing . Is also agreeable for guys , because it does n't smell too feminine .
 I was first introduced to this product at the Kohler Waters Spa . The scent is just intoxicating . Do n't be fooled by the name . Though `` coffee '' is mentioned in the product 's name , it does not smell like coffee , but rather a sweat earthy , flower scent that is very clean . I am addicted and insist it is used every time I use the spa services . Of course I have a good portion of the line at home in my `` spa '' bathroom . This is a keeper !
 Before I used this product I had very small lashes . I 'm asian , so I do n't have the fold on my lid . With this product it stiffens the lashes , so it holds the mascara well . I can keep on my mascara all day without smudges . You need an oily makeup remover to get it off , but it is so worth it .
 Holds curl all day , volumizes very well , adds a little length . WHY WAS THIS PRODUCT DISCONTINUED BY SHISEIDO !!!!!! The replacement for it - Shiseido 's nourishing mascara base - is an utter and complete fail .
 Bought it for my mother and she liked it a lot . It 's easy to use and looks good .
 This is a very good pressing comb . It has been working very great !
 I was very satisfied with the delivery and the packaging . The product was a gift for a relative and she is very happy with it . This is a product that is usually hard to find because of its smaller size for doing close ups near the scalp ; for instance if you have wavy hair or hair that is not as straight as you would like it . It is best to buy this type comb when you find it.N . Hardy
 To date , I have used this product twice -- the first time with GREAT results , the second time with okay results . The second time I used the straightening comb , I believe my hair did n't come out as great because of all the rain and humidity -- not because the product sucks.I have relaxed hair so I use it on the 4th setting -LRB- out of 20 -RRB- , which feels very hot . I am happy with my purchase decision .
 Straightens pretty good for what I needed it for but the old fashion stove iron presses better for entire head straightening .
 I tried the R-Session pressing comb and it just did not put out enough heat on the highest setting . So , a friend gave me this one to try and it 's much better . Even on # 6 I got enough heat to straighten . With my first time using it , I was afraid to go any higher . So , with using it with very kinky roots and on # 6 setting , I saw very improved results with my hair . Next time I 'll step it up to 8 and see how I do . I 'm using it for in between touch-ups . I do wish the comb itself was a little slimmer which would make it easier to get to the roots/regrowth on the temples/edges of face .
 Full Frame 07 is a great product . It takes very little of the mousse to hold a hair style . I have been so pleased with this Redken product , that I have been using it for years ! After placing my order with Amazon , I was very pleased when my order arrived earier than I was anticipating . Nice surprise !!
 I first started using this about 5 years ago when my hairdresser used it in my hair . This is my 1st choice mousse . Paul Mitchell is my second . Gives great body and keeps my hair healthy . I 'm allergic to so many hair products -- but no reaction to this . It 's perfect .
 I love this stuff !! Unlike most products that are supposed to take away the rest of your make-up , this really does ! Not only does it do what it 's supposed to but it 's actually soothing . It does n't not smell horribly like alcohol , and it does n't make your eyes water and nose burn from the smell . I really love this , and enjoy using it .
 This product is truly SOOTHING . I love it . It refreshes my skin and smell wonderful !
 I always read reviews before I buy a product so I feel honest sharing is valuable . This shampoo and conditioner are the best amongst the Fekkai shampoos and conditioners for dry/damaged hair . The smell is absolutely amazing -LRB- very feminine -RRB- . I have tried other shampoos and conditioners and I always come back to this one . I recently tried Moraccanoil shamnpoo and conditioner and once again , this one tops that . It 's a little pricey , but worth it .
 I had very dry , damaged hair from excessive coloring . At first , after two or three shampoos -LRB- following up with the conditioner -RRB- I was disappointed . It worked well , but no miracles . THEN I got the idea to leave the conditioner in overnight . My hair feels normal and healthy again . It even moisturized my hands !
 I tried this based on a magazine review for dry damaged hair . It has helped my hair lay flat and smooth . I have dry ends that tend to get frizzy and this product has made a great difference . I also have very thick hair that can handle a lot of conditioning and not lose body .
 Got this shampoo in a free sample kit and had to buy it ! It works wonders on your hair and leave it smooth shiny and soft . I only use it once a week because it has Keratin in it and I hear it 's not good to use on your hair so much . Also it 's rather expensive !
 Several in our household have been using this product for years and ca n't live without it . We were glad to find it is still available .
 I have never found a shampool that I love as much as this one . The protein Fekkai shampoo and conditioner work wonders on my hair as I dye it on a regular basis , love the sun , love to swim , ride a motorcycle and I 'm the scrunchy queen . I am NOT kind to my hair but this makes up for it . I was devastated when I found Bath and Bodyworks was n't carrying it anymore but now that I can get it only I am a happy camper again !
 Great for long haul airflight skin/face dryness . Amazing product and packaged right for TSA too.Amazing for everyday use too for dry , chapped skin . A + + + + +
 Love this rouge stick . Blends well on your cheeks and has a shimmery appearance . Since I have &#34; mature &#34; skin 59 yres old -RRB- , I prefer this look over matte powder blushes .
 This product was exactly as described . The consistency was perfect and the color was exactly what I wanted . Great addition to my makeup bag !
 The Barielle Intensive Nail Renewal Oil heals nails that are stripped of oils normally supplied by the cuticles . This replenishes the entire nail and this particular formula with sesame seed oil , coconut oil and vitamin E is also enriched with collagen.Use along with the 60 Second Manicure - Dead Sea salts and oils.After using this on your nails a few times , you can almost go without nail polish for a few days or longer . If you prefer a natural look , the oils in this product will give shine and produce a very healthy look . As the last step in a manicure/pedicure , you can seal in moisture and maintain healthier cuticles.Also enjoyed using the Barielle Nail Polish Remover Towelettes and Extra Gentle Cuticle Minimizer . The Protective Hand Cream is also good if you spend a lot of time outdoors riding horses or hiking or even just spending time at the beach . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I really love the smell , so I had to get this for someone as a gift . I hope that they like it as much as I like smelling it . lol
 The boar bristles reach deeply between the finger and nail to really clean -- this is a classic double-sided nail and hand brush . The bristles on the curved `` trough '' helps protect from excessive soap splatter while bristles mounted on the flat side makes for complete brushing of the hand and finger surfaces . The finger grips on either side of the brush makes it an easy brush to hold . Great brush for a great clean , it 's a classic !
 My wife had been looking for a wood nail brush with little success when I found this one.The delivery service was prompt and the product is what she was looking for.Thank You , R L
 Bought this product online and sent within the estimated delivery time to the right address.This particular item is not available in Europe anymore .
 I get the most comments from this cologne , like if i walk up to a group of people i always get a comment '' wow someone here smells good ... '' trust me guys this is the last cologne you 'll ever want to buy , i do n't have anything to gain buy writing this just the truth and how many compliments iv ' e gotten over the years i smells great ... and it lasts for ever all night ... . and the next day 1-10 its a 10 ! Happy smeling , or smell you later , or smellincollie , you get the idea !
 My husband loves this cologne . We used to buy it on different islands but no longer . Glad we can still get it thru Amazon .
 The seem to have stopped making this , which upsets me ; when I find a product that works I want to always be able to buy it .
 The first time I used this I fell in love with its scent . For some reason it reminds me of bathing as a child . Not quite ivory soap , but then again just a light fragrance . Have purchased quite a few along with the hand lotion .
 The packaging is NOT misleading , as it suggests the color to bring out green hues in your eyes . The color of the cap is in fact a sparkling raisin brown and the eyeliner itself is a brown color with a sheen to it . I do not have green in my eyes , but it still works well for my dark brown-black eyes and brows . I use it to soften the edges of black eyeliner applied first , creating a more natural effect . As advertised , it does not smudge easily , and it is comfortable for my eyes while wearing contact lenses . I have very sensitive skin but do n't get a rash from this product . I also do n't have to sharpen it since it has a narrow tip , so it 's easy to use precisely even when I 'm in a rush . I have used this eyeliner for months and am pleased to keep buying it . I hate when cosmetics manufacturers get rid of products to keep pushing the `` latest and greatest '' and am happy to see this continued on the shelves -LRB- and now I 'm about to purchase it online -RRB- .
 This cleanser was prescribed to me by my dermatologist.It 's great . Just rinse off with warm water and follow it by COLD WATER.It cleanses deep and there 's no soap residue as when one washes with soaps.And this is the reason why he recommended this product . He said it will not clog pores.I 'm very satisfied with it.HINT : BEST to buy it OUT of the Dermatologist officeas in Amazon.He charged me way tgoo much ! until I found it here in Amazon at GREAT prices !
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD FOR PEOPLE WITH DRY SKIN AND IT KEEP YOUR SKIN SOFT AND MOIST ALL DAY . VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 I knew this lotion since I was in Cameroon , in Africa . When I came in USA , I found it and I was very happy !! It smell good , keep your skin moisturized , and helps protects from the X-ray !! Just love it , one of the best lotion I ever had !!!
 Good product to fill gift basket with . Although i do n't personally use it , I would recommend it for your girlfriend !
 I really love this lotion !!! People are always asking me what I 'm wearing , when I tell them that it 's lotion , there 's such a surprise look . I 'm about to order some more
 the best hand & body lotion i have ever used ! it 's super rich with an amazing scent and the best part that its not sticky ! it moist the skin without the stickiness feeling ! GREAT !
 My girlfriend and I both use this body lotion and it lasts for about 12 hours on your skin . If I had a complaint it would be that the Razac lasts up until the next day as long as you do n't sweat all day .
 My daughter has oily skin and needs to touch up frequently during the day . She has used many different brands of facial blotting papers but these are the best . They do n't leave a powdery trace or fragrance and absorb all oils without disturbing makeup . They come in various subtle shades but she has only used the natural . Repeat purchased will definitely be made .
 I have used clinique , and clean and clear ones . None of them really worked . This product is way too much better than those .
 I love these blotting papers.They do not mess up my make up . Just blot and the shine is gone .
 I love this way of ordering things , getting it through Amazon , from reliable dealers . It is enabling me to quickly get products that are hard to find in the store . Folica is always quick and accurate . Thank you .
 llego todo bien , son efecientes , lo garantizo , quede bastante satisfecho , en mi opinion seguire comprando por este medio
 I have been wearing this scent for years now and have always received compliments about it . When it went off the high end store shelves years ago I started ordering it from a web sight out of Hong Kong because that was the only place I could find it . Well to make a long story longer I have been getting it from there for about 10 years now . Was I amazed to finally find it here on Amazon and at a significantly lower price than I had been paying!It is a light unique scent that does not over power . I have been told it is `` alluring and enticing '' . Go figure.I will say all scents react differently with individuals bodies so your mileage may vary.I like it and my now wife likes it and that is all that really matters.Seller was great . Packaging and delivery time were great . Shipping was free !
 I have received many comments when wearing this light , fresh , and long-lasting scent . The price was right and the shipping was extremely fast .
 I 've read a lot of these reviews and maybe it just really depends on the person . I 've tried a few mattifying products and this stuff works so well I just keep coming back to it . It 's not cheap but for my face not being oily all day it 's completely worth it . On top of that it does tend to last a long time . Sometimes I go every other day because it does seem to have a lasting effect of overall less oil . Really , I have a very oily face . You could probably see yourself reflected in my face it if were n't for this stuff . It spreads well so you do n't need much . I highly recommend this stuff . I do n't understand all the negative reviews . If it does n't work for you , sorry , no need to call those of us who have used it and love it , fools . That just gives your review no credit .
 I just received this product yesterday ... it is the best ! It kept me oil free all day ! Usually I am very oily on my nose and forehead by mid-day , but today I stayed shine free until I washed my face before bed!Great product for oily skin !
 This is the best product ever invented ! It keeps the oil and shine away for up to 8 hours , I only wish it was available in a more ` manly ' package ! he he , I would feel better that way , but I really do n't care as long as it works . All guys should try this in addition to women .
 I have tried several so-called oil control products over the years , usually without apreciable results . Tease zone oil control gel gives my face a nice matte look and feel for hours after application . People who reports streaking are probably using too much . It takes a ridiculously small amount to cover your face . I use dermadoctor pore perfect -LRB- also a great product -RRB- followed by the tease zone oil controller . If you have oily skin , you should definitely try this !
 I have been using this for about two years and it is the best product I have found for oil control . I have VERY oily skin , and this takes the shine beautifully . You may need to apply twice a day and blot here and there , but its worth your money . I can go about 6 hours before I need to reapply it . If you have ever cried because you cant even rest your forehead on a flat surface without leaving a slick . . -LRB- gross , I know -RRB- try this and cry for the right reasons !
 I ca n't say enough good things about this product . I have super oily skin ... it produces so much oil it could easily qualify for OPEC status . No lie . Everyone else who complains about having super oily skin and recommends an oil control product that `` really works '' or is `` holy grail status '' ... well ... none of those has ever done a thing for me . But Tease Zone ? This stuff WORKS ! It controls my oil beautifully for about 5 hours which is hella-longer than everything else . Plus , it feels like there is nothing at all on my face -LRB- even over sunscreen -RRB- and that alone is a fantastic thing . I highly recommend this product !
 I have never reviewed a product before , but I felt compelled to do so with this one . I am a 26-year-old female with extremely oily skin and have tried countless products to counteract the shine . This one works better than anything I have ever tried and keeps my face looking fresh for almost my entire shift at work , which is about 9 hours . Sometimes I do still need to blot my nose , but even that 's not usually an issue until about 6 hours or so have passed . Plus , it does n't take much of the gel to cover my face , so I expect it to last a long time . For me , it is definitely worth the money !
 This product works very good to keep your face from becoming shiny throughout the day . I use to have to wipe my face every 2 hours or so to remove the oil and shine . I can tell it helps even when I 'm not wearing it too . Great product , worth the money .
 I ordered various products and tested them on my face . This product won by a longshot , though the Mary Kay oil control product was 80 % as good as this one . Nothing else came close.Dang , it is 10 pm at night and my foundation , powder , and mascara are still in place from 7 am this morning . Before , all of it would have dripped off into a Vaseline melt about 10 hours ago . And no allergic hives!I 'm 55 , and still struggling to find products that work for oily and sensitive skin . I look younger because of the oily skin - I do n't need weird and irritating anti-aging ingredients that just make my skin flaky and inflamed . Is there anyone else like me?This product was a huge step in the right direction . Non-irritating , no oil all day , skin soft . Thank you !
 I 'm 44 and have really oily skin . I 've tried everything to control the oil slick that eventually develops on my face . So far this is the best product I 've found . I apply it under my make up -LRB- bare escentuals -RRB- and it does a nice job of controlling the oil . Some days I still get a little greasy but when I can apply this product over my make up , it leaves my skin nice and matte and my make up untouched .
 I use this over sunscreen , before foundation application , to keep the sunscreen from ruining my makeup . I also use it on top of my makeup , whenever I want to refresh my look , and it eliminates all oil and perspiration breakthrough . It 's as light as air , completely clear , and gentle . I 've tried many oil-control products , but they can feel tight on skin , they can leave films , or create flakes . Tease Zone does none of this , and , on top of its oil-blocking effectiveness , it makes skin feel silky .
 This is the only product I 've had so far that really does keep the oil and shine down . I have VERY oily skin and my makeup and whatnot come off way too early if I do n't use this . Plus , it keeps my face feeling fresher and cleaner for longer . Use it on clean skin and it will keep you shine free for at least 6 hours in my case . Make sure you blend it in well , or you 'll have some dry powdery white stuff on your face . Not a big deal .
 Dermadoctor Tease Zone is the best . A little goes a long way and it lasts - I put it on in the morning , over my serum and under my base and I do n't need to retouch the entire day . Do n't let the price put you off . I have s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d my foundation an additional month . And , no more shiny nose . Thank you , DermaDoctor .
 I have extremely oily skin . I would put on my make-up and about 30 minutes later , my face would look like I had vaseline on my face . This is the first product that actually does what it says it will do . At first I did n't want to try it due to the price . After reading the reviews , i gave it a try and I am glad that I did . The bottle is not that small and you really do n't need that much . I use it as a primer for my press powder and throughout the day all I really had to do was blot instead of washing my face and starting over . This is great !!!!!!
 I purchased a bottle of Tease Zone about a month ago . At first I thought the product was okay , but nothing phenomenal . I observed the following things about the product right away :1 . When it 's on , it makes my face feel really smooth and silky . I just want to touch my face ... it 's great to put on just to get that feeling , notwithstanding the other obvious benefits .2 . When I put on a lot of it , my face appears slightly streaky , with some parts more matte-looking than others .3 . This product is far better than Clinac O.C. , which I used for months . Tease Zone feels better on my face , streaks far less , and traps oil better.Now , although I was unhappy that the product did n't give my skin a perfectly matte look when I applied it , I continued using it daily for about a couple of months . Then I noticed something.A few days ago I forgot to apply it , and when I did I noticed that as the day progressed my face was producing visibly less oil than it used to . Also , the gel 's streaking seemed to go away as I learned to apply it more sparingly . Now I 'm completely satisfied with it.The tube is pretty big , too . Someone using it every day in sparing amounts would probably last at least three or four months . You have to be careful , though , in applying it because the pump sometimes dispenses more than you want . I 've finally got the hang of it.This is a neat product . Not only does it control oil when it appears on the face , but also seems to decrease oil production altogether , which is delighting .
 I started using this product several months ago and I love it . I have oily skin and have never been able to use facial moisturizers during the day because my face became one shiny mess of oil , even in the driest weather . I can now use moisturizer every day under the gel . It leaves my face feeling really smooth and I think it has helped control my acne , too . I do n't have to worry about my bangs absorbing the oil from my forehead anymore , so it even helps my hair look better all day ! I highly recommend this product to anyone who fights with the shine of oily skin !
 My skin is dry but prone to blemishes . I 'd just about given up on keeping my pores clear since most products for that purpose give my skin a severe case of the flakes . AHA 's work imperfectly ; they irritate without really addressing the cause of the problem . Since I 've started using Tease Zone my skin looks much better with tighter pores and many fewer blackheads and whiteheads . And Tease Zone gives my skin a satiny feel , a nice bonus .
 This really should be sold at drug stores over the counter because I often wonder what guys do about oily skin . Honestly , if you 're a dude with oily skin , you should get this and put it in a non-feminine container like a tiny lip balm container and take it with you because it 'll neutralize all the oils on your skin the instant you put it on and heck , you probably wo n't need it again for many hours down the road again.I have always warned my dermatologists since I was 16 that I hated my oily skin and they said it 's great , it 's good -- it 'll keep me from getting wrinkles early . I 've been on Accutane at least 4 times because of my excessively oily skin , with no eventual change once I stopped taking it . Now I 'm 38 and have what 's been diagnosed as sebaceous hyperplasma . What is that ? It 's when you have such excessive oil being produced on your face that the pores just get enlarged and grow , like tiny little volcanoes filled with oil . It 's like a zit , but filled with oil . The more oily I let my skin get , the more I get these annoying bumps . It 's AWFUL ! Luckily I found this product and it keeps my skin from freaking out so much . Between this and the pore reduction gel also from DermaDoctor , I 'm better off than with ANY product my dermatologists or any other product I can get over the counter at drug stores.Like I said , I really really wish they 'll sell this at drug stores because , especially kids , need something like this . Those oil wiping sheets only keep oil off my skin for like 20 minutes and then I 've got another oil slick . It 's gross and annoying .
 I have extremely greasy skin because I have the worst acne problem . Even after I wash my face , ten minutes later , my face starts to shine . I was n't really sure this product would work but I decided to give it a try . I use three pumps of the gel and apply it all over my face . You do n't even know it 's there because the gel is n't thick and seems to sink into your skin . Then I put my makeup on . I 've been able to go for hours and hours without a single shiny spot showing up on my face . Even if I take a walk outside in hot weather and I sweat , it still holds and the shine is kept at bay . This stuff is worth getting .
 I have combo skin . You know , oily in some places , not so much in others . I wash my face , apply the DERMAdoctor - but just a little - all over . Let it dry , then finish putting on my makeup . The first few times I used it I was amazed that I did n't have to powder my nose -LRB- or forehead or chin -RRB- all day long !! Bonus - I have fewer blemishes . How did I get by without this stuff ?
 This product is wonderful ! Very light in texture and literally soaks up the oil right before your eyes !!
 If you have oily skin then you know how disappointing it is when you buy an oil control product that does not deliver . And they normally never do . But this product really works . My skin is extremely oily so I have to apply this product 2-3 times per day . But a little goes a long way so you do n't need to apply alot . And it is not too drying either so no flaking or irritation . This is worth every penny .
 I 've been using this for several years and I adore it . i have really really oily skin that nothing else worked on , and this stuff totally controls my oiliness . I used to use a half dozen blotting sheets a day , and I have n't had to use one in years . The bottle lasts forever , too.The only problem with it is that it leaves white streaks , but I find that a little pore minimizing moisturizer on top of it fixes this problem , and is good for my skin , and makes my pores look better.Everyone needs to buy this so they keep making it !
 I 've been using the Dermadoctor Tease Zone Gel for about a year now . I do n't think I could live without it now . I 've tried other products that claim to mattify your face & dry up the oil but none have worked . I HIGHLY recommend for anyone with an oily face . In fact , buy two bottles because once you try it , you wo n't want to run out !
 DERMAdoctor 's TEASE ZONE OIL CONTROL GEL is just what the doctor ordered ! It keeps the shine down but also acts as a primer so make up goes on smooth and stays fresh all day . I use a primer that comes with my BARE MINERALS kit but I noticed that oil was seeping through as the weather heated up . Anyone whose ever been to Shreveport knows about the infamous humidity down here ! TEASE ZONE OIL CONTROL GEL may not be as velvety as my former primer but it gets the job done . The TEASE ZONE site claims : `` Tease Zone goes on lightly and disappears ; you wo n't even realize you 've got it on . But its formulation contains a highly concentrated level of effective patented Polymer Technology - Sebum Sequestering Micro-Particles -LRB- tm -RRB- - that work to keep surface skin oils at bay without parching skin . Sebum Sequestering Micro-Particles -LRB- tm -RRB- subtly entice oils into exile . No `` matte-r '' what your skin type , skin looks beguiling and balanced . `` Matte-ifying '' gel vanishes on contact without a hint of residue . Sebum Sequestering Micro-Particles -LRB- tm -RRB- are an extraordinary innovation whereby the particles `` soak up '' sebum produced by sebaceous oil glands . The micro-particles are non-sticky and very lightweight , so Tease Zone vanishes instantly without leaving unpleasant residue , or chemical odor . The proof is in the pudding.I use DERMAdoctor because it works!This is the review I wrote for beautystat dot com .
 I tried this self tanner because the Jergens gradual tanning lotion just did not work for me . I tan easily when I go into the sun , but I am attempting to stay out of the sun and keep my skin healthy . This worked on the first application for me and I noticed a subtle difference right away . Beware , there is glitter in this self-tanner . I find that it helps in the application but at the same time I hate wearing glitter . So for me , I only use this in the evening after showering , since I always shower in the morning . This does not rub off on sheets and with showering in the morning I can get the glitter off and not look like I 'm going out to the club . Love this self tanner . Its still a bit expensive for drug-store but it has lasted long enough to where I feel like I got my moneys worth .
 I like this product for the price . It 's good to use during the summer when you have a tan already and helps even out my freckles . The glitter is a bit too much and makes me feel like a teenager . It 's a little on the orange side but not as bad as some of the cheap self-tanners . Overall OK . I think I 'll stick to my other more expensive product-Sun Laboratories .
 I could n't find this product anywhere in stores and found it online here for cheaper !
 This is a great product ! I used it once and got a very nice glow immediately , and it looks natural . It feels good when applied and dries fast . It goes on easily and has no smell . Even 6 hours later , there is absolutely no odor , which is uncommon among self-tanning products . It comes with glitter to make you sparkle , and this was a surprise , as I did not see any reference to this on the container . It 's not overly done , though , and I am liking it . If you do n't want the glitter , this product is not for you .
 First off , let me say that I ca n't stand being in a tanning bed , and I ca n't take the cost of spray tanning , which led me to try out this product . This stuff is amazing for those trying to not look pasty at their first day on the beach ! If you apply a decent amount onto the skin , and rub it in really , really well , it gives you a very deep , brown -LRB- not orange !! -RRB- skin tone with a shimmer that reflects beautifully in the sun . It does n't splotch or streak , and it wo n't stain your hands if you scrub them really well after application is complete.The first hour after you apply it , your skin will feel really sticky , but it does so to effectively keep the lotion from staining your clothes . The smell is n't overpowering , and it does n't stink up your clothes . I applied this product , let my skin dry for an hour , and went out on the town in a tight little top . The next day my shirt smelled like my perfume and deodorant , but no sign of the lotion was left behind!My only concern for some people 's preference of this product , it the shimmer effect . This stuff has got some intense bronzer , which leaves skin very glittery . If you 'd prefer not to look like a Twilight vampire , then you may want to apply the lotion before bed -LRB- it wo n't stain your sheets -RRB- , and shower in the morning -LRB- do n't scrub your body too hard ! -RRB- . I promise the color stays for a few days , but the shimmer is easily washable.The color of my skin after just one application was amazing !! I 've never looked this dark even after a summer of casual sunning . I hardly recognized myself in the mirror the next day , but I sure did look damn good!On top of all this , the lotion has vitamin E , so it helps revitalize and nourish your skin . I have naturally dry skin , but once this lotion totally dries , my skin feels smooth and soft.Basically , I 'll be buying this lotion again once I run out . I mean , you really ca n't beat $ 8 a bottle over any tanning package at the salon !
 This product works beautifully . I have tried more expensive tanners that were more than twice the price that did not provide the rich color that this does . The color is even with absolutely no streaks . It wears off evenly in about 5-7 days . The color is a nice bronze color for my pale freckly skin tone . Absolutely no orange tint even if I apply it two days in a row . It dries quickly with no color transfer to my clothes even though I only wait a few minutes to get dressed . The only drawback is that is contains these little sparkly specks that some people might not like , but it goes away after your first shower . Would buy this over the more expensive brands any day .
 Love this , goes on easy , smells nice , and wont rub off on clothing at all . not hard to get even tan . there is glitter mixed in so if your not ok with a little sparkle them this is not for you , however its a fast even easy tan lotion , and i have tried them all !!!!
 I love this product . It gives a nice , natural looking tan with just one use , & easy to maintain a few times a week . It is also an excellent lotion , & when I 'm using this , I do n't need to use any other lotion .
 I have been buying this product for years . I am actually fair skinned but find that if I apply it infrequently it lasts a couple of weeks and gives a nice glow to my chicken-white legs . I also like how smooth and soft it makes my skin as well as the faint sparkle . The tint really helps you to see where it is streaky or missing .
 I 've been using this product all summer . I really like the brown , non-orangy color I get from it . The only thing I dislike is the glitter . I usually exfoliate and apply it at night then showering in the morning to avoid the glitter look .
 LOVE this self-tanner , except for the glitter/shimmer , which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . The glitter/shimmer does wash off , but of course you have to wait until the color 's completely developed -LRB- I wait until the next morning -RRB- . Product has a nice scent , as opposed to the usual chemical scent most have . It 's sticky until it dries , but it does dry quickly and the color is great , and non-streaky if you 've prepped your skin and applied correctly . Very natural color , I initially used it just on my legs and when I went into work the next day , several people asked me if I 'd been laying out in the sun - the color is very natural on me , in artifical and in sunlight . I will buy this again !
 I own A LOT of makeup and I love -LRB- d -RRB- it all . Then I bought Shiseido 's Hydro-Powder Eye Shadow in Whitelights -LRB- after reading about it in Jane Magazine -RRB- and I can safely say that with this product , all other eye shadows are expendable . All I need is eyeliner and mascara and I look fresh . The actual product always goes on smooth and NEVER clumps , and it always is very cool -LRB- literally -RRB- and just feels great to put on in the morning . It is so subtle and classy . I could n't live without it .
 Really good cream eyeshadow . Blends very easily with other colors , and has a subtle glitter glow to it . Definitely recommended . I have olive skin tone , and it works great for my shade !
 Great product . Luminiscent , glows , top-notch , winner color but discontinued . Why ? Seafoam green , hard to find a comparable color or brand
 '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ` This is produce a wet eyes like eye shadow . ` When that cute coat and lower eyelids . ` Become a sophisticated finish . ` The order from Japan .
 I will never stray from this product ever again ! I tried Too Faced Shadow Insurance , and it was dreadful . It creased within an hour for me . I always used this shadow as my base/highlight shadow , and it NEVER creased , even after 12 + hours . And you can layer other shadows on top , and it still looks great . VERY much worth the money ! This is the only product I buy religiously : - -RRB-
 I love this brush . It 's good quality , and the wood is beautiful . My favorite hairbrush came from a little drugstore in Italy 10 years ago . If I had known how hard it would be to find a replacement , I 'd have bought a couple of them . It looked similar to this one ; the beautiful polished wood handle and bristles without those annoying `` balls '' on the end.Only thing is that this brush is quite small compared to the cheap-o brushes I 've been using recently . It 's only about 81/2 '' from end to end , and less than 21/2 '' wide . It stays in my hand well due to the nice handle style , but if you have big hands , it might feel awkward because it 's so short and narrow.It 's the perfect size for my 10-year old daughter to use , and after using it for a while , I 've gotten used to its smal size , and love it for my own hair , as well !
 I bought this veil on a gamble . It was 2 weeks before my wedding and I still was n't sure that I wanted one.The second I opened the package , my mind was changed . The creases from packaging quickly went away and the veil fell very smoothly down my back . It was very well constructed , with a sturdy metal comb and the crystals went great with my dress . Subtle , graceful .
 I love this Veil !!! I was not sure at first about buying my wedding veil from online , but once I saw it and tried it on I was very happy ! -LRB- and the price was NOT bad . -RRB- It 's not to simple and not to much . The satin edge goes great with my dress and the swarovski crystals gave me the little sparkle that I wanted . Since it is a two layer it would look to puffy if you put it to high on your heard but if you put it further back it looks GREAT ! I ca n't wait till my wedding day and see how it look 's all together .
 I received this veil VERY quickly . I paid for the slowest shipping , and I got the veil less then a week after I ordered it . That was FANTASTIC as right after I ordered the veil my dress came in ! So it was nice to be able to try it all on together . Kudos to the seller for that!The veil itself is FANTASTIC quality . The cording , the rhinestones , the way it is attached to the comb -LRB- Which was a main concern as I 've seen cheaper veils where it 's attached to the comb very badly and can fall apart -RRB- is all very good quality and looks amazing . I was worried about the color as looking at the color chart online the ivory looked a bit yellow , but I was scared the diamond white would be TOO white ... but now I realize I should 've went with the diamond white , but that is my own error ! Her color chart is VERY true to color . So if you are doubting which color to get , go with your gut . However , the way that the veil lays on your head , you ca n't even really tell anyways , so the veil still looks amazing with my dress.Overall I am EXTREMELY pleased with my veil , and I have been reccommending this seller to every girl I talk to who needs a veil ! = -RSB-
 The veil is beautiful , and I ca n't wait to wear it at my wedding!Would definitely recommend for the price !
 I am so happy to choose this product , as it arrived in time , and it just looks as beautiful as I could think . I went to shops in downtown and the cheapest is 59 $ , and I do n't think they are better than this one . If the part used to put into your hair and keep it from falling down was made of other than plastic , then it will be perfect . But any way , you only use it once , I am very satified with my shopping here .
 I saw similar products at the bridal store but I was not willing to pay $ 200 for it since I spend no more than $ 600 on my dress itself . The color matched my ivory dress perfectly , at least in the light I tested it on . Considering that I will only be wearing the veil for the ceremony and pictures afterwards , I am okay with the quality , which seems good enough for its purpose . A few of the double-sided crystals seem a bit uneven when you look at them up close but not enough to be noticed unless you are REALLY inspecting the veil closely . I can not wait to wear this on my wedding day .
 It could be a little stronger but is beautiful and will go great with my dress ! Thank you very much
 I ordered this for my wedding and it worked great . It was shipped fairly quickly . I picked it mainly because the price seemed very reasonable . The quality is just ok , but I only wore it for the ceremony and it looked great in pictures and the small rhinestones picked up the light and provided some nice sparkle .
 Do n't be fooled by the tiny padded envelope that comes in the mail . This is a great quality item . Everyone who has seen it , even at the bridal shop when she got her dress fitting , thought it was much more expensive . I purchased this veil for my daughters wedding in September and really did n't expect much since the price was so low since everything we had seen at the bridal shops has been over $ 100 but this was an amazing find . Not only was it well made and beautiful , but it was also made in the USA which was important to both the bride & groom who wanted to keep the carbon footprint of the wedding to a minimum . This was the closest thing to `` local '' I could find . It has very nice detail on the satin edging and just the right amount of sparkle with the rhinestones scattered on both layers . I was also impressed that the top layer had the rhinestones on both sides so that when it was over the face the backs did n't show . The glimmer fabric has a beautiful luster with just the right amount of radiance without over powering the bride beneath it . Excellent purchase .
 This veil goes perfectly with my dress . It 's not too sparkly and not to bland . The stitching of the edges were wonderful and the placing of the rhinestones were positioned Just right ! I love it and ca n't wait to put it back on , on my wedding day . Side note _ whether you have a budget or not , I would n't pay $ 200 + for a veil when ginger 's have them for $ 30 .
 This is such a beautiful veil ! Absolutely love the rhinestone on the veil and the ribbon edge ! I ordered the diamond white and it is gorgeous ! Not too white and not too ivory color either . Cant wait to wear it on my big day in April ! Thank you so much for the spectacular veil !
 Item was shipped and arrived promptly . The quality is the same as Bridal Shops . We are very happy with our purchase .
 I bought this when I was n't sure if I was going to wear a veil or not for my wedding . I did not end up wearing it but it was very nice and such a good deal that I did not even mind spending the money on something I did not use .
 The veil is beautiful ! I am not getting married until July of 2012 - my dress is still at the store being paid for , but I do love to slip on this gorgeous tulle veil & ca n't wait to wear it with my wedding drss next summer !!! It is such a great price too , most bridal shops charge you a min . of 3x the cost , so that is also a major plus ! If I can find anything else I need for my wedding , I will definitely buy from them again !
 This Veil is perfect ! I looked high and low . I only found veils that were way overpriced and did n't even match the value of this gorgeous piece ! My wedding is May 18th , 2011 in Disney World . I am wearing all Ivory and I have to tell you this veil is made beautifully ! High quality crystals and is just perfect ! The comb is very mounted and it is so perfect compared to what I tried on ! The price should be higher in my opinion ! Thank you !!! < 3 Milena !
 I was really surprised when I have got this viel . It ` s very beautiful and quality is very good . So for less money you can get really good veil .
 My veil was beautifully made and with my tiara it was the crowning touch of elegance that finished my wedding look ! It even came with instructions on how to de-wrinkle it and how to put it on . I was very pleased . I did not expect much for the price but was relieved to see that it was flawlessly crafted when I scrutinized it closely - good quality for my money ! I do n't hesitate to recommend this product ! I was married last year and I still have my veil today !
 I purchased this veil and thought I ordered the ivory with crystals . However , I later learned from the supplier that it was the pearls I ordered . I told her to ship the one I purchased.It arrived yesterday and I was so excited . When I opened it I cried ; it was so beautiful . It just tied the entire look together . I could n't have bought something more beautiful.The picture represented what was shipped . I am so happy . To the people at ginger ... thank you a million for all the assistance .
 I just received my veil in ivory with crystal rhinestones . It exactly what I was looking for and matches my ivory dress perfectly . This is an incredible value .
 Veils are so incredibly expensive and I refused to budge . Two weeks before the wedding , I logged on to Amazon and found this veil - exactly what I was looking for . I was hesistant when I found this veil at such a good price . Was I wrong!It came in three colors and there was no way to specify which one you want when ordering , so I sent emailed the vendor . They replied within an hour and told me that they would ensure that I got the right color if I could send them a follow up email after ordering . I was still hesistant , but in less than a few days , the correct veil showed up.I ca n't tell you how many people commented on the veil at the wedding!Finished edges , high qualilty crystals and a perfect length and style for my dress . Similar veils go for more the $ 150 , so this is by far , a much better option .
 I did n't want to spend too much on the veil , since I needed it for about half an hour , so I found this one . The quality was n't great , but better -LRB- also longer -RRB- than the ones I saw in the stores for the same price . I was happy with the purchase , except for the smell of the veil when I first opened it , it needed a few days to air out the glue smell .
 I really aprreciated the great communication with the seller . He gave me exactly what I needed and wanted withing two days of ordering . The material and sewing was both in good condition and really happy with my item . No complaints accept that not sure what to do with the bunch in the front so I will be searching for a tiara to put in the front .
 The veil was absolutely perfect ! The crystals were beautiful and I had so many complements on my veil . Very happy .
 I ordered this product on Thursday received it on Saturday , when I opened the package I was in awe of how beautiful it was , it looked very similar to the expensive one I tried on at David 's Bridal just cheaper but otherwise the quality and swarovski crystals really was far from what I expected !! , I HEART THIS VEIL !!
 This wedding veil arrived in a timely manner and in great condition and looked great on the bride .
 Great prodct , very pretty , it 's simple which was what I wanted . Be aware that this is sent from far away , I think China , and ot takes a long time to receive it . Give yourself a month so you do n't suffer .
 This product has gotten me more comments than any other cologne I 've worn , in a positive way . Not real strong smelling , just right and lasts all day .
 I do n't know how to perfectly describe this scent but to me it smells pretty fresh . Its really good and most definitely under rated !
 This is a classic men 's cologne . Just like Channel 5 it never goes out of style and the ladies always find it not overwhelming but very chic .
 Grace Kelly and Cary Grant casually tearing along in a sporty convertible along the cliffs above Cannes in `` To Catch A Thief '' . One lovely gloved hand of Miss Kelly lightly caressing the steering wheel at sixty miles an hour ; is there anything more alluring or jam packed with high voltage glamour and seduction ? This is the epitome of what we think of as classic French Rivera high octane sophisticated &eacute;lan . The lifestyle of the rich and famous before Robin Leach leached the soul out of it.There still remains an inkling of this lost allure within the elegantly crafted bottle of Faconnable for Men . One spray of this elixir of masculine elegance and you are transported to the south of France . It is twilight cocktails on the terrace of the Casino at Monte Carlo in a white Tux , a swim out to the float of the beach of the Carleton Hotel . It is the grand staircase and red carpet of the Cannes Film Festival . It is serious as a high stakes game of Baccarat and as much fun as fireworks after midnight with a barefoot bejewled movie star at your side.It opens bright and arrestingly with its well chosen top notes of mint , orange blossom and mandarin orange that does give it a smell of a well made martini . That dissipates quickly into a lush intoxicating Mediterranean garden of jasmine geranium and rose . Toward the end of the middle Sandalwood announces the dry down followed shortly by rich amber and an ethereal musk that dance seductively around the sandalwood in a smoky slinky dance . It lasted all night on my skin and I awoke with traces of the dry down still in evidence.Now listen boys , this one is for grown ups ! Faconnable for Men is too subtle and complex for simpler younger tastes unless you are a young man who really wants to stand apart as original , daring and smart . In that case welcome to the world of men of confidence , wit , grace and disarming charm .5 Platinum stars *****
 Loved this cologne my husband been using this for many years we used to pay 70.00 but now with tuccini u can find affordable fragrance . Thanks
 A mis treinta y pico de a & ntilde ; os he utilizado gran cantidad de fragancias y esta sin duda es la mejor de todas para usar durante el d&iacute;a , simplemente deliciosa . Les recomiendo la compra , pero si lo hacen desde afuera de los estados unidos como es mi casa , tienes que tener en cuenta de que ahora el transporte de este producto en los aviones es algo complicado .
 on time ... I get the same and with the same description ... very good i like that very much . please keep it up
 A classic clean scent . I wore this for several years and then sort of forgot just how good this is . Just rediscovered it and it 's moved back to the top of my list . Put this on after a post-workout shower and you 'll feel like you just walked out of an old time barber shop . Lightly sweet aquatic blend of mint , citrus and amber with hints of musk and sandalwood . Sweet without the frat-boy syrup -LRB- Curve ? -RRB- . Crisp and masculine without smelling like a dirty pub -LRB- Halston Z-14 ? -RRB- . Equally at home with Levi 's and a white T-shirt , or a Ralph Lauren purple label suit . A few spritzes and you 'll feel like a million bucks.Solid sillage -LRB- not excessive -RRB- with moderate to good longevity . More of a day scent , but works in the evening for semi-formal occasions.Starts clean and citrusy , sweetens over a few hours , and finishes with a warm , comfortable , masculine scent . -LSB- ... -RSB- lists it as follows : Top Notes - Mandarin , Orange Blossom , Wild MintMiddle Notes - Jasmine , Geranium , RoseBase Notes - Sandalwood , Musk , Amber
 Faconnable is classical , same good as 15 years ago - I just love this fresh , aromatic , slightly warm scent , accompanied with sandalwood middle and base notes . True gentleman 's perfume .
 Ca n't beat the price on Amazon . Very light aroma . Great way to start the day .
 My favorite cologne . An excellent fragrance that smells great , but is not too overbearing . What a classic scent . I have been wearing it off and on since 1996 . I use to buy it at Nordstrom , but I now save $ 50.00 by buying through Amazon.com . Same tin , same bottle , same fragrance .
 My son and i saw this item in Chicago at a Nordstrom 's . While in the store , I ordered for us off of Amazon for less money . An aroma that my 14 year old son AND I both like . Very rich aromas
 Not only that this fragrance is not so easy to find any more , but it is also very reasonably priced at Amazon . I started using Faconnable about 15 years ago and still love it to this day . Give it a try , maybe you will join me .
 The best perfaum for casual occasion . . Smell sweet combined with a little wood smell . A really really good perfaum!Thanks .
 I have been using Faconnable glasses for quite a long time but I had n't tried its eau de toilette . After reading the reviews here I thought I should give it a try . People wrote how mild scent it has so on and so forth . After I got it my first impression was , what the hell . It is not mild , it is actually quite strong . I was a little bit disappointed but as I did n't pay much , it was not a big deal . However , after may be 30 minutes I noticed that it does have really mild and excellent scent . Oh my God , I loved it and it became one of my favorites .
 El Agua de Colonia Faconnable tiene una refrescante fragancia C&iacute;trica . Ideal para usar despu&eacute;s de un ba & ntilde ; o. No es un perfume de olor fuerte.Este vendedor es muy responsable , el producto me lleg&oacute; en excelentes condiciones.Si van a adquirirlo desde Venezuela recomiendo que usen el servicio de la empresa TEALCA , porque MailBoxes NO ACEPTA enviar perfumes y pierdes la compra .
 Halston is hard to find in my area , and I could never get this good a price in stores . I 'll continue purchasing from these folks as the need arises .
 Great price on a great product ! I 've been using this perfume for many years and consistently get compliments on it when friends ask me what the fragrance is . Truly timeless !
 i 've used this lotion for years , but have always paid about $ 40.00 for a tube . i am so pleased to have found this . the lotion is great , and the price is just as good .
 The Coppertone Sunscreen Lotion has always been a great product , i just can go to the beach or go fishing without it . Highly recommended ...
 I generally use this as my hair is almost dry . I put a little on the ends and style normally . It keeps it soft and manageable .
 To keep my hair hydrated I use Alto Bella Leave in Conditioner . Just a little squeeze , a bit smaller than a dime , does the trick for my hair . My hair length is just below the ear . It keeps it soft and manageable . Do n't use any more than what I told you or else your hair will feel greasy .
 My one-year-old had very bad eczema and after battling it for months and nearly at the end of my rope - we finally saw a dermatologist who recomended we try this . He told us to bathe our baby every day using this in the bath water for 1 week . Then go down to every other day and so on . We bathe him now every 4 days and his eczema is almost hard to even spot . No more scratching and my son can wear shorts and short sleeves again without scratching himself raw anymore . YEAH ROBATHOL !!!!
 I have extremely dry , sensitive skin as a result of a bone marrow transplant . This product has been wonderful for me . I can put it in my bath and soak for deep moisturizing or I can rub it in like lotion after a shower . It does not make me break out , itch or have other problems.If you have sensitive skin , this is a great product for you .
 This oil is the best ! It does not leave a ring around the tub or leave it slippery . My son has ezcema and this is the best oil that keeps it at bay . We 've tried other oils but this feels great on the skin and does not leave a mess like most other oils .
 I bought this for our 5 month old baby girl . Ever since she was born , she has had dry scalp and our doctor perscribed a couple different creams to try as well as the remedies for treating cradle cap -LRB- though that 's not what it was -RRB- . Nothing worked , but my inlaws used Robathol for their children after visiting the Mayo Clinic in Rochester . We 're fortunate to live nearby . I 've been using it in my baby 's tub for about 2 weeks and absolutely love it . I noticed a huge difference after just 2 baths -LRB- with only a tsp in her tub of water ! -RRB- It may be spendy , but it goes a long way , and is totally worth it . No artificial scents , parabens , dyes , perfumes , etc. completely natural .
 I have been using this in the bath for both of my children for the last 18 mos . It really does the trick on keeping their skin moisturized . Both have suffered with eczema since birth . We ca n't live without it .
 My daughter was dealing with mild eczema since birth , after doing some research online I found this product from another parent . I got instant results from using this product . I would it was a week and her skin was totally clear and have been since then . I have been using this product about a year now and love it . I use this everyday for her bath then use cerave cream mixed with eucerin aquaphor after bath . She has not had any problems with her skin since using these products .
 I switched from Aveeno 's bath oil to Robathol when I realized that Aveeno 's version has a fragrance and my doctor ordered me to go fragrance-free . The oil works great . No scent . Do need to be careful getting out of the tub as it makes things slippery . It 's not as think as Aveeno 's bath oil but works just as well , if not better .
 I love this Robathol Oil ! It makes my skin soo soft ! It even got the husk off my dry feet ! I have pretty feet now !
 I 've been using this for several months and it works great . I have HHD and bath with Epsom salts adding 1 or 2 capfulls of Robathol to the water for the last 1/2 of my bath . It absorbs well and seem to make any other oil you want to add more miscible also . I also use LUBRIDERM
 Our doctor recommended Robathol Bath Oil for our son 's dry skin when he showed irritation from regular baby oil . Robathol Bath Oil is a fabulous product and I highly recommend it . Its only downside is its buildup in our bathtub , and on our tub toys , as it clings to those surfaces as well as it does our son 's skin . Still , the extra elbow-grease it requires is a welcome tradeoff for how much it helps our son .
 When my daughter 's ezcema flares up , her dermatologist recommended she do soak baths with a little of this in it . It works great.I wish it had a pump on top though . The can snaps up but oil runs down the side of the bottle each time you close it . A pump would help you get the same amount in each time -LRB- so many pumps per so many inches of water in the tub .
 I have been using Robathol for several years , now , and no longer try one cream or lotion after another to relieve my winter-dry skin . What a relief to know that I can take a normal shower , then rub a light film of this all over , rinse off with tepid water -LRB- so I do n't rinse it away -RRB- and not have to worry about itchy skin . I have friends who go south in the winter to escape the itch . This stuff is a bit pricey , but a lot more affordable than relocating for the winter ! Do n't pick a travel destination to accommodate dry skin ! I buy gallon bottles and then put it in glass bottles - it has kept very well for several years . P.S. Do n't towel yourself dry vigorously after this
 This oil is remarkable . I add one tablespoon to my bath water and after one use I could tell a difference in my skin . I also use the vanicream soap and cream however , I was already using the soap and cream and when I added just one tablespoon of this oil the results were even better than before . The robathol oil , vanicream soap and the vanicream combined has produced amazing results with my moderate eczema . The rashes on my legs are still unsightly but the itching has practically stopped and these products has calmed my eczema down dramatically . You do not need to use more than one tablespoon of this oil in a full bath . Anyone who is suffering from eczema or similar skin conditions needs to try vanicream products they are truly amazing .
 My doctor recommended I try a bath oil for dry itchy skin . I did some research on the net and several pediatricians and dermatologists recommended this product . So I tried it . It works great ! No itchiness , no greasy feeling , no residue left in the shower . I love it !
 I use robathol bath oil in my bath and it helps soothe and protect my dry skin . It was recommended to me by a dermatologist as part of a daily regime to prevent and treat eczema .
 Recently purchased this product and used it as directed . I did see results as promised . I have acne prone skin so I was n't expecting my skin to suddenly become clear . The product might work better for acne free skin because the rubbing action required to remove the peel did irritate my skin a bit . Overall , the product is a good one . My skin did not dry out after and it had a subtle glow . The smell is not bad . A bit of advice to all
 I like this peel becuase it does exfoliate well . A small amount is thinly applied over skin and when it is dry you rub it off . Easy to use and a little goes a long way . I think the price is reasonable . I gave it a four out of five stars because the product description states that it helps dark spots lighten up . I think that is difficult to prove .
 I have been using Reviva Light Skin Peel for over 25 years after finding it in a health food store . I love it and now am happy I can get it for a much better price on Amazon.You apply it to your face , let it dry and then rub off with a cloth . Your skin will feel so soft and smooth , after getting rid of all of the dead skin cells.This a product that is worth buying , it works !
 My daughter 's fav since Rachel Perry went out of business . She 's half Italian and this is just right for her Mediterranean complexion .
 Easy and fast to use.I always looked younger than my age -LRB- now 59 -RRB- , until my skin was damaged by chemo.The very first time I used it my skin looked brighter and smoother and it continues to work.A little goes a long way , so it is very cost effective.I am very fussy about what I use , it must have safe ingredients and do the job.This product does more than expected .
 I discovered this product at a local health food store ... Decided to see if I could find it on Amazon and sure enough ! This stuff is amazing ! I 'm 48 yrs old and most people do NOT believe me ! Since this is the only product that I 've been using faithfully for years , I give it full credit ! It helps keep my skin clear , etc ! I just love it ! Once I ran out and did n't use it for a few months , I could tell the difference . . So I know it works ! From now on though , I will buy it via Amazon !
 I bought this product for myself and now my whole family is using it ! The peel does a great job of exfoliating dead skin cells and leaving skin refreshed and glowing while not irritating it . I use it 2-3 times a week and my skin looks like it is at least 10 years younger ! This is a &#34; must have &#34; for your skin care regime and it is priced right and made with natural non irritating products .
 I love this peel and have been using it for years . I love the soft , clean feeling it leaves on your face & the way it makes my skin look . Just be careful not to rinse down the drain , because it will turn into glue in your pipes . I always peel mine onto a cloth , then throw the peelings in the garbage can .
 My skin feels fantastic and looks brighter after using the Light Skin Peel . It 's easy , quick and effective . I love that the product is all natural and actually performs as expected .
 I ordered that item for 5th time , because Every summer I have some rash on my face and after using Reviva Labs Light Skin Peel the problem is gone.I recomende it to my friends and they are happy too.For now I have it , but for the future I 'll ordere it again .
 I ordered this because I loved some of Reviva Labs other products . I was n't impressed when I first opened the jar . It seemed like a cheap walnut scrub . The first time I used it still left some dry areas on my face , so I reapplied it in those areas . After removing it , I had redness for a few minutes but soon my skin was smooth and supple with an even tone . The instructions recommend once a week use , but I think you could use it everyday if desired .
 This is a fantastic find for a small price ! I can use it as often as I like and it leaves my skin smooth as silk . Do n't let the 1.5 oz fool you , this product goes a long way .
 I received my cream before Christmas . I am very impressed because i ordered it a couple of days before Christmas and chose standard shipping . I am still using the product and have not seen any brightening/lightening of my skin yet but from day one that i used it my skin became very soft . The packaging was excellent . Thank you so much for your superb timely service .
 I got this Reviva Light Skin Peel days ago , and I must say , it does do what it does , yet I do n't believe on the , `` Lightens up darker spots in one use '' promise , it takes patience unless you want very expensive laser surgery . Anyway , once I used this , it felt like it hugged my skin , and when I washed it off with my washcloth , it felt like my skin was rubber ... Like high elasticity , with a softness touch , felt good . The smell did smell a bit chemically to me , but it 's not supposed to be like that . I ca n't wait to see what it will do in the future ! My skin glowed all day long all because of this stuff !
 I 've been using the Orange Cream Pop by Demeter for several years now . It is my signature scent . I was happy to find a 4oz . spray for the usual price of a 1oz . This scent is sinful yet not too frosting-like .
 I purchased this with the Mastey Frehair Conditioner and am very impressed . My hair is much softer and shinier since I began using them . Additionally , both my husband and I have areas on our scalps that have thinning/thinner hair ... these products have added such volume that the thinning is n't as visible . I 've tried many other brands of volumizing shampoos/conditioners -LRB- Aveda and less expensive ones , too -RRB- , but they do n't even come close to these Mastey products .
 I have contact allergies and this shampoo has been very gentle and caused no allergic reaction . It also gives my hair lots of volume .
 Works great and last for a decent amount of time . When it 's time to get a new one it will get large holes in it , but it works great when it 's newer .
 I ca n't use the shower puffs , they make my skin break out . So , a friend turned me on to sea sponges . Not exactly pc , but I love them .
 In the winter time I have constantly cracked fingers and a friend of ours gave us a tube to try and it was fantastic . My Husband and I both use it . I bought 3 tubes so we can each have our own and one if we find a Friend that has the same problem . I have bought many hand creams and lotions , but none of them worked like Kerodex 1 .
 I am a potter . This requires that I get my hands wet constantly . In winter , my fingers used to develop bleeding cracks because they were dried out . Kerodex 71 eliminates this problem ! I just use about 2 inches of the product and let it dry for 10 minutes . Voila ! Problem solved .
 Seems to really help block the effects of long-term immersion of delicate skin in water . Not greasy and easy to use
 I have a problem with angular cheilitis . My dermotologist seems to think that I drool in the corners of my mouth when I sleep -LRB- how attractive , LOL ! -RRB- and the saliva causes it . He told me to put vaseline on the corners of my mouth when I sleep to create a barrier between the saliva and my mouth . Did n't work . I read about this and decided to try it . It 's been working . I rub a little in on each corner before I go to bed and I have n't had any angular cheilitis outbreaks since . Seems to create a good barrier .
 Simple , non-toxic -LRB- to people -RRB- , really heals hands . Much less greasy than hand creams , petrolatum , etc. . The only caution is to wash hands well before handing pet birds -LRB- contains zinc , birds are sensitive to this -RRB- .
 This is my second purchase of Kerodex 71 hand creme . My husband and I find it extremely helpful to keep our finger tips from cracking due too washing our hands frequently . We also introduced our daughter who is a dental hygenist and washes her hands frequently to the product , it has relieved the problem of cracking finger tips to her also .
 I love this scent , it smells like you just sliced a lemmon . Very clean , fresh , last a long time . I love it.And it is not expensive like other perfumes .
 Hard to find in stores and if your lucky to do find it its Over $ 25 . Love it ! smells clean and light , great summer fragrance !
 I love it , I get so many compliments , the scent is pleasant and last for hours . I think I am going to order some of the other scents .
 This is my all time favorite perfume . Once I discovered it , I stuck with it and I 've been very pleased . It 's not too strong and it 's quite feminine . Above all , it lasts all day .
 I like it because it stays on all day and the smell is not overpowering . I will most likely buy another one once this one is all gone .
 received it today ! thank you amazon for the amazing customer service , the ordered was delayed because of mailing error but amazon resend in less than 3 days ! this perfume is for a gift for my daughter she 's been searching for it for years , and i stumbled upon it here ! shes gon na be so happy ! thanks
 I am going to buy this again because I am almost out of the first bottle . I fell in love with Loves Fresh Lemon in the 70 's but , alas , it is not available now . I searched the net for a substitute fragrance and the majority of the reviews included Fujiyama , so I got it . And I Love It . Several times I have been in a crowd or on the bus , or in line -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- and someone has remarked `` somebody smells good '' . Nuff Said .
 This perfume is a favorite of both my mom and mine . It 's not easy to find . You wo n't find it in retail stores , and many on line want more than I found it from this seller . What a beautiful scent and bottle and it 's a wonderful addition to your perfume collection . People always ask `` what are you wearing ? '' That can either be good or bad ; but in this case , they always want to know so they can buy it too !
 I get the most compliments with this one perfume , more so than with any other one I wear . It is floral scent , without being overbearing .
 I bought this for my mother and she loved . She 's 65 and always look for it . Very good . Fast shipping .
 I finally found a night creme that 's not greasy . It 's feels soft going onand stays soft all night . Fantastic
 I bought this as a gift , love the smell , but he tells me the spritzer often gets stuck and dribbles out the cologne .
 This is a product that is out of the market already , if you go to any perfume store you will not find it , I used to use this perfume about 20 years ago , and I was not able to find it anymore , now with the great INTERNET and telecomunication advancement you can buy this type of products , I recoment it , it has a great smell and for the value it 's a great buy
 I use the one for woman and I just want my husband and I to have the same perfume , love mine been using it for long time , got very happy when I find it at Amazon . so far he like it a lot .
 I lived in Florence for a half a year some 25 years ago and a local recommended this product to me as it was by a Florentine designer . Still like it for the scent and the nostalgia it evokes . I am glad to be able to find this great cologne so easily and at such a great price . Here in Houston , one may get lucky and find it at a fragrance shop , but it will cost twice the price .
 This has been one of my favorite fragrances for more than thirty years . Though it has become increasingly difficult to find it in retail outlets at an affordable price , Amazon has made my search efforts a matter of logging on , selecting the product , purchasing and taking delivery from the comfort of my home . The search is over and , once again , I can enjoy Krizia .
 Real phat scent . Not as fly as I remember it being like 5 years ago when I first came across a sample tiny bottle of it ... but almost as phat as I remember . Very unique , I got ta stay flyyyyyyyyyy .
 This product worked great to keep my hair soft in spite of routine lap swimming in heavily chlorinated city pool .
 This works great in the humidity for my hair . It helps keep it in good condition and protects it from the ocean and pool water .
 I love this sunscreen . It goes on great , does n't clog up my pores and actually makes my skin look better . And they do n't test on animals , which is a biggie for me . So this is a thumbs up all around !
 I tried this product after I read about it in the book , The Skin Type Solution . Since my skin is dry and sensitive -LRB- turns red after most face products -RRB- , I was getting sub-par results with my Oil of Olay daily moisturizers . I highly recommend this product for your face , even if you have sensitive skin , because it will strengthen the moisture barrier to make your skin very soft and clear up any redness issues . It took about a week for my skin to adjust to the niacin in the moisturizer , and my arms and chest broke out on the first use . However , the bumps on my cheeks have disappeared , and the color of my nose usually matches the color of my face -LRB- used to be red and irritated before NIA , regardless of makeup -RRB- .
 The only sunblock that evens out my skin and seems to heal at the same time . Other sunblocks intensify my broken capillaries . I notice that when I use this my skin looks calmer and healthier . I get compliments on how nice my skin looks when I have this on . My make-up stays fresh all day with this as my base .
 I love this cream . It never feels greasy . It has a great rating for protection from the sun and since I 'm a golfer I found that very important . This cream was recommended by a professional at my dermatologist office . I was so glad to find it at a great price on Amazon .
 I buy this specifically to use around my eyes -LRB- even on my eye lids -RRB- because other facial sunscreen products I 've tried make my eyes tear up .
 I love this product . My skin is very sensitive and it does not cause any problems . I would recommend this product to all ages .
 Good price . Product was produced very recently , did not expire for a long time . Shipment was also made very quickly .
 Wonderful Product that I use to get at my doctor 's office . I now can get it on line and appreciated the ease of getting a quality product for less money . I use this everyday on my face for sun protection and skin health . This Nia24 really works and I do n't ever want to be without it . My husband has used it too !
 So nice to find a sunscreen w/o avobenzone . NIA 's products are superior and this does n't disappoint . I spend a lot of time in the Arizona sun and this keeps away the burn for hours .
 Love this stuff . It is full of moisture and works great for sunscreen abilities . If it were a little bit cheaper it would be even better .
 I use this product after this same product line 's skin strengthening complex . The use of this combination has made my skin look and feel much healthier . Love the results and I often get compliments about how nice my skin looks . I 'm not a makeup wearer so my freckles are exposed . To my delight , I 'm not getting any new ones of which to complain and although my pre-existing ones are still there , I think they 're now less noticeable .
 I have been using this sunscreen for over a year in conjuntion with the Nia24 cleansing scrub . It has worked very well and the sunspots on my face have disappeared . It is very strong though and caused my face to peal at first . I put a light base moisturizer on first -LRB- Oil of Olay 15spf -RRB- and the combo has been perfect . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using this product for the past 2 years and have found it very affective for a sunscreen , it 's not a heavy cream and a great moisturizer
 I had a few samples of this product from my plastic surgeon and I did n't want to pay the $ 80 they were charging , so I came online and picked it up here . The product does an excellent job of cleansing the skin and leaving it silky smooth . I am so happy with this product , I would recommend it to everyone . If you are concerned over it , contact the company and ask for a sample of the product . It is truly wonderful !!! And I should add that the delivery of the product was timely and professional .
 I use to use a lot of products to provide protection to my face . Now I just use toner and NIA24 in the morning and my face look and feel great . The scent is very mild and pleasant . The cream itself absorbed right into my skin and does not leave it feeling greasy or heavy -LRB- and I have dry skin -RRB- . I wish I knew about this product sooner . It would have saved me a lot of money .
 I have been using NIA products for the last 6 months , at the recommendation of my skin care specialist . They are nothing short of amazing ! After trying numerous sun block products - most of which are too thick/thin to penetrate the skin barrier , NIA is the perfect choice . It has a wonderful scent , goes on evenly and works as advertised for hours . For someone like myself with extensive sun damage , it has lightened the areas of discoloration and protects the skin throughout the day .
 ... is the absolute , very best stuff on earth for my super-white , freckly , sensitive skin . It has a lovely , natural , pleasant smell which I personally do not find overwhelming at all . The redness that some people may experience is due to the big boost of niacin in the product ; continued use will eliminate that issue in most people . The company plainly states that a bit of redness is normal . For me , it 's worth the extra money for something that works so brilliantly . I love it .
 At my dermatologist 's recommendation I have been using this sunscreen for the last 2 years , as well as the cleanser and the recovery complex . I am 61 and my skin looks so fabulous I get frequent comments on it from my friends . My MD said niacin is the only substance research has shown to help aging skin . I believe it !
 My doctor recommended this to me years ago and I have been using it since . I agree with the other reviewer the size has shrunk considerably , but no other sunscreen compares . Its very light , I use it on my face -- prior to using it my freckles on my face would multiply in the summer , no more !! This stuff works well on my olive skin tone , I have just begun using it on my arms and hands as well , its non greasy and does n't clog my pores . .
 I live in Florida , so I really need good sun protection . Unfortunately , I also have oily skin and acne , which are aggravated by most sun protection products . NIA24 works great without adding unnecessary moisturizers -LRB- add your own if you really need it ! -RRB- or chemical sunscreens like avobenzone and oxybenzone . Could n't be happier with this product .
 I am 34 years old , and love this sunscreen . I have sensitive skin and break out easily , and had a little bit of uneven skin tone . I 've been using this for a couple of months , and believe my skin tone has evened out . My dermatologist actually commented that she can tell I do a great job protecting my skin . I also enjoy putting it on because the niacin in the product causes my skin to feel warm and tingly in a good way ! And I like the texture and scent as well . I highly recommend this product .
 Is it weird to say this product changed my life ? Because this product changed my life . I 'm fair -- like , I burn horribly in the sun -- and have very sensitive skin . I break out with conventional sunscreens . But this stuff was so gentle , so natural , it almost felt like my skin began craving it . I now put it on my hands as well , to save the skin on my hands from burning during my commute to work . This stuff is so light , breathable and comfortable , and it really FEELS like something good is happening to your skin . I bought this when it was mentioned in a Martha Stewart Magazine article about the basics of facial skin care ; it said niacin had been shown to repair skin damage . I 'm in my early 30s and was horrified to see the beginnings of smile lines and my skin losing elasticity . But this stuff is helping . I ca n't recommend it enough !
 This gel is very good for both women and men although it shows that it is for men.I have natural hair , and i have been using this gel for a long time it does n't leave the hair flaky or hard and you can reactivate it the next day with water.And it also defines your curl no matter if you have long or short hair.It does n't contain alcoohol and it 's safe to use on your hair.I love this stuff it works great even if you mix it with other products .
 Looks great , feels great . I 've tried a lot of hair product and a lot of them make my scalp feel itchy . I do n't have any problems with this one and would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This is a great evening or dress up cologne for men . If you are looking for something special check it out .
 When I was in college -LRB- not so many years ago -RRB- , my friends bought me a gift certificate to Sephora . Two weeks later , I spent two hours sniffing my way through every single perfume in the entire store . I ultimately chose Grain de Folie.What I like about this perfume is that it is young , but complex . It 's not the tutti-frutti bubble gum chewer 's choice , neither is it for grandma -LRB- no musk here ! -RRB- . It has a lot of citrus -LRB- which they say makes women seem younger -RRB- , and an exotic nature which makes makes me feel high class without the bifocals !
 I exercise in the pool 3 days a week and my hair started to ` gum ' up , making it hard to pull a comb through . My hairdresser recommended this shampoo . I use it only on the days I swim and it has made a huge difference . It took less than a week for my hair to return to its natural shine.I would recommend it to anyone doing water aerobics .
 I live in an area with heavily chlorinated water-even the filter on my shower was n't helping much-and then I tried this ! I am so glad I did . This shampoo used to be known as Malibu 2000 , but though the brand name has changed somewhat the quality has not . I have been plagued in the past with sticky , greasy areas that simply would not rinse clean . The chemicals in the water also discolored it , and even when washed every day , it hung limp and stringy by evening . This shampoo has brought my hair back to its normal brown color and taken all the reddish chemical staining out , and added incredible shine and softness-even my daughter noticed . My hair stays soft and very , very clean all day-no more greasy spots , even if I 'm pressed for time and wash in a hurry ! If you have dry hair , I would definetly recommend using the Malibu conditioner too-even with my oiliness , I need to use it about once a week-or you will get flyaways-this is really the only quibble I have about it . The scent is mild and does n't cling to the hair , the price is n't bad-you can get this anywhere online for around $ 10 - $ 12 for a 9 oz . bottle . There are larger sizes available as well . No propylene glycol or parabens . It took about a week before I began to see significant results , but stick with it-you will be happy you did .
 If you do a lot of swimming this is the best shampoo to combat chlorine in pools - works great .
 I have used this product for several years and it neutralizes the chlorine smell from the swimming pool . I have had a problem with my hair turning green from swimming and when I use this , about twice or three times a week , I never have a problem .
 Does the trick , and my grandkids say it smells like bubble gum ! It has worked for my light blonde hair , and for everyone who has used it at our house .
 I do water workouts , so my color treated hair was starting to turn green . I started using this and the conditioner right sfter getting out of the pool and my hair is in much better shape .
 Though it smells like blueberry bubble gum this stuff works great.YOU HAVE TO BE SURE THAT YOU FULLY LATHER DOWN TO THE ROOTS OF YOUR HAIR .
 This helps to get the chlorine out of your hair . We have a pool and it really is great to keep our hair from turning green .
 This has been my signature scent for the past fifteen or more years . It 's light and fresh and in no way overwhelming . I always get compliments on how good I smell -LRB- not a bad thing -RRB- ! It 's a `` green '' scent , not cloying or too flowery or powdery - just very clean smelling . I hope Elizabeth Arden keeps on making it because I ca n't imagine wearing anything else !
 The product was exactly as displayed . I had owned this perfume before and the one I bought on Amazon is the same one . I completely satisfied .
 This item comes in a lovely glass bottle with frosted etching of a green tea leaf on it . It 's such a nice cool green look . So nice for Summer use . The scent is light and subtle . I believe I will use the scent for years to come . I even use it when I 'm at home because it makes me feel good . Very pleased with this purchase .
 I was very well satisifed with this product and with the timely service . I really like this product . I am sensitive to a lot of fragrances but in this one I think I have found the right one . I will keep on using it and will recommend it to other individuals . It is such a nice clean smell .
 The scent is so clean and crisp , just like it 's name ! I would urge anyone to try this . You wo n't be sorry !
 This is by far my favorite fragance . I receive comments all the time , wondering what it is and how light and pleasant the fragrance is . It is very subtle and that 's why I like it -- the perfume doesnt enter the room before you do !! My husband and sons really like it for that same reason and the fact it is so clean smelling . Try it !!
 I love this product ! While shopping in a store I purchased this product and after I started wearing it I could n't believe the number of complements I received ! I even had a co-worker ask if I would be angry if she purchased it as well . She liked it so much ! It has a clean , crisp scent . Not cloying or floral . It is , in a word , graceful !
 Oprah was right ! This is one of the nicest scents I have ever worn . So fresh and light . Everytime I wear it , someone will ask what I am wearing . Perfect for the workplace . Never to heavy or overbearing . I love it !
 i have been using philosophy `` soap and water '' 2 piece pure gift set since 2004 . i always keep it on hand . when i see myself getting low , i get on amazon and reorder . i have had so many compliments on this fragrance . it 's so fresh , pure and clean smelling . i 'm always telling people about it . i hope and pray philosophy continues to make this fragrance . thxs philosophy . sincerely , patricia
 This is one of the only perfumes I have ever used up . It smells so clean and fresh and everyone loves this . It smells better , lasts longer , and is a fraction of the cost of CLEAN perfume .
 Love this stuff . It reminds me of a fresh and clean smell from a suntan lotion of long ago . Super texture .
 Pure Grace smells a lot like Amazing Grace but with a hint of clean . It 's difficult to describe smells but the soap analogy is good . I 've always bought Amazing Grace and was nervous about ordering Pure Grace without having smelled it but I 'm glad I did . It smells the same but cleaner . Hope this helps .
 I love the clean , crisp smell of Pure Grace by philosophy so much so that I have n't even tried the other scents . It 's a little more expensive than I would normally spend , but I find it very much worth the price.Philosophy Pure Grace Soap And Water
 Great clean smelling soap that exfoliates with out stripping your skin . Left my skin soft and not too dry . Lasts a long time , glad I purchased this .
 This is great conditioner , but the smell does n't last as long as the ad said it would .
 I recently had a severe calf strain from sports , and the muscles in my injured leg were very tight . Even a week after the injury , i could barely walk with crutches - I would get muscle spasms and muscle twitches at almost every step . On the 8th night , i used some of this salt in a bucket with hot water , and put my leg in there for about 20 mins . Next morning I woke up - and all of a sudden now i could walk without spasms and twitches . The night before , my muscles seemed to be locking up at smallest movement - now they felt softer than the muscles in my unhurt leg ! This stuff is seriously amazing - and yes , it really does relax your muscles ! I am planning to use this regularly going forward , because i believe it can really accelerate my recovery over the next few weeks . It makes the skin much softer too - i noticed that after several nights ' use , the skin of my injured calf feels a lot smoother than my other leg ! Smells great , and thank you Ahava !
 I love this product - I will continue to use it to help get rid of my cellulite . Plus it gives my skin a clear complection and healthy glow .
 My wife is the primary user and she is very pleased with it . Skin seems to be smoother and without a doubt it shrinks the pore size . The only negative would be with the dispenser , you have to be very careful not to squirt out too much .
 This product has worked great for me . I have only been using it for a week , but so far I see results . My face is smoother and my pores seem to be smaller . I do agree that it does have an odor , but it seems to disappear immediately when it dries . I have had no problems with peeling or it being sticky , but I use a very little bit . Just one pump will cover my whole face . This is a plus since it is a little pricey .
 I bought this product to use on casual days when I would n't want to wear any foundation or look too `` made up '' , and it is perfect for that . I have really large pores , and Picture Porefect makes them look acceptable and it de-shines my oily skin . I wear Body Guard over it , and I throw some little dots of concealer on any zits I may have that day . I hardly ever wear foundation anymore , and I get compliments all the time on my skin !
 Picture Porefect truly makes my pores appear to be smaller . It is an excellent exfoliator , and it soothes skin with anti-inflammatory ingredients , so any redness or swelling in the pore areas disappears . PP closes pores so they look smaller , and , in addition to this benefit , Picture Porefect stops perspiration and oil breakthrough . This is a `` must-have '' during hot summer weather , or if you happen to be in a humid climate . PP stops makeup from melting , and helps keep skin fresh looking . I can even wear `` shimmery '' blush without worrying about it discoloring on pore areas , or caking up .
 This product works as stated . I started to notice an effect after 48 hours . Pores are minimized , but I also use the SPF30 clarifying and matifying cream during the day and the cleanser # 3 twice a day . The face need to be clean before application . Love it , just ordered my second bottle . I dab it on my face and I used 1 to 2 pumps twice a day . LOVE IT !!
 I would definitely recommend this product to my girlfriends . Having tried many other products , I was pretty much resigned that my pores would n't ever look smaller ! I do n't have bad skin/acne , just large pores and some pock marks from my younger days . But , I gave in to trying this product and it 's actually worked . I do n't notice the bad smell some of the other reviewers talked about . There was minimal peeling the first time I put on my foundation , but I solved that by using a foundation brush instead of my fingers . I 've been using it for almost two weeks , and there is a visible reduction in pore size . One small pump can cover your entire face .
 Beautiful results , clear eventoned skin . Love this product , non0sticky for bedtime , and delviery time is wonderful . thanks mam jersey
 So my friend swears by this and she got me to try it out . All of my girlfriends and I are constantly trying out new products and sharing ideas , our husbands are lost , but then I do n't know if I really get fishing either so I suppose we 're even :P I use Retinol in at least one other product I use for wrinkles that has worked great . If you 're concerned about having nice skin and keeping it that way , you should check out my fave five look young products : Lancome Absolue Replenishing Cream SPF 15Clinique Clarifying Lotion 3Relastin , Eye Silk , 0.5 oz , 15 mlSkinCeuticals Ultimate UV Defense SPF 30 3ozRoC Retinol Correxion Deep Wrinkle Serum 1ozI ca n't turn back the clock , but I 'm not going down without a fight either !
 Recent ` hormonal changes ' have done a number on my skin . Since I 've always had large pores and mediocre skin , I decided to try the Picture Porefect and the Wrinkle Revenge I cleanser . It took a few weeks -LRB- like four -RRB- , but my skin has now stabilized with smaller-appearing pores and a much better appearance overall . It also cleared up -LRB- mild acne -RRB- on these products . At first it seemed drying , but then my skin seemed to get used to it and my skin is not dry seeming at all.They 're not the cheapest products , but you get what you pay for , and small amounts go a long way.I note some older reviews make mention of a bad fragrance - perhaps DermaDoctor removed that fragrance since then , as I do n't detect any smell whatsoever .
 First of all , let me say that this was actually a bad buy for me since I did n't realize that it had Retin-A in it -LRB- because of this , you really need to use an SPF in conjuction with this product -RRB- and Retin-A makes my face break out like someone hitting puberty . It 's just not a good thing for me.I 'm Italian and I have the biggest pores all over and around the nose area.Aside from the breakouts , I did notice a shrinking in the size of my pores . The most IMPORTANT thing to know about this product is that , in order to see results , you must use it TWICE A DAY , or you probably wo n't notice much , aside from the first time you use it.The reason why I am in favor of this product , except for the horrible breakouts I had because of my freak-of-nature problem , is that my husband , who is not succeptable to breakouts , noticed an immediate differece in the tightning and size of his pores , as well as the smoothness in his skin.This product really does work , just beware if you have any sensitivity to Retin-A , make sure you USE YOUR SUNSCREEN , and you really have to USE IT TWICE A DAY to see results . Make sure you go the full 8 weeks -LRB- I have no idea if one bottle lasts a full 8 weeks , so that 's something you may want to find out -RRB- ! I have heard that the product tends to pill when other things are applied on top of it . I did n't experience any of that , but it 's something that you may want to be aware of.Go to Sephora , ask for a sample , and see if you notice a difference the first time you use it . If you do , there 's a good chance that it will work for you in the long run .
 This product is amazing !! I inherited large-ish pores -LRB- especially on the apple-of-the-cheek area -RRB- from my mother . She began using the product , and I could noticeably tell the difference on her . I was quite skeptical , but I bought the product anyway . After about two months , I began to tell a significant difference in my own skin . The pores appeared smaller , and even the production of oil in my face reduced over time . From what I understand , you have to keep using it for the effects to continue , but it is definitely worth it.It 's a bit pricey , but you certainly get what you pay for -- and it 's worth every penny .
 I have n't splurged on a full-size bottle yet , take that into consideration if you like . I received a sample of this , so the effects I experienced were temporary and immediate . I LOVED IT . When I used it , my skin looked smoother and was far less shiny for a long time . I would use it on evenings I wanted to look particularly foxy since I did n't have much to spare . I was able to eke out maybe 8 uses from my sample , and it was just a small packet.My skin is normally pretty oily and prone to breakouts . Shine is always a problem , so I found this stuff quite lovely .
 I have had large pores in my cheek and nose area all my life and have tried a BUNCH of different pore reducing products . This is the only product I 've tried that has made a noticable difference . I put it on first and let it soak in completely before putting on any other makeup and have not had any problems with my other makeup coming off . I 'd say that Picture Porefect reduces my pores by approximately 50 % -75 % .
 I really like this product and that my skin looks less oily and my blemishes are going away . It took about 2 weeks to really see the different but now I am totally hooked . My skin barely needs makeup !
 When I saw this product on the Dermadoctor website I was really excited to try it . It shows the photos of the clinical trials and how the pores reduced in size . I bought it even though it was expensive and I 'm very glad I did . Right away I saw a difference the first time I used it . I 've been using it for about 3 weeks now and have to say that I ca n't believe the difference it has made . A bunch of the pores that were enlarged have closed completely , and the ones that were very big have gotten smaller . I 'm also using 10 % glycolic pads that exfoliates my skin and so I believe that is why my results have been so good . If you have blackheads it will take longer to close the pores because they have to be clear before they can actually close up . It does work very well at removing the blackheads , but if you have a severe blackhead problem your better off going at it with a 2-step approach with the glycolic acid before applying . Especially if you want quick results .
 This stuff really works , and I have tried ALOT of different things for my large pores . This was my last thing to try before laser surfacing . I have been using it for about a month and some of the `` big holes '' on my cheeks have completely closed up . On my nose it is taking a little longer , but I noticed significant improvement already .
 Hi , The Sand and Sable was great . Excellent quality and very speedy service . You are appreciated very much Keep up the great work . God Bless .
 This is the apsolutly my favorite eau de toilette . I was looking for it the last 15 years and I ca n't belive I 'll have it again!I wish if did Laroche never took it out of the market.Parfume is all about how we fill with it . This one is perfect for me , for day or night , classy like Chanel but not haevy , old fashioned on nice feminine way , gentle and authentic ... and a lot more then that .
 The product did exactly what it said it would do . It was even slightly larger than I expected it to be , which was perfect . .
 The product did exactly what it said it would do . It was even slightly larger than I expected it to be , which was perfect . .
 When I purchased this product , there were no Amazon product reviews . I was searching for a musky scent with patchouli and sandalwood notes -- and that is what I entered in the Amazon search . This scent came up , along with several others that were either sandalwood OR patchouli -- and I already have perfume oils that are either sandalwood or patchouli . I decided to try this one on a whim , after looking up descriptions on the internet . It was variously described as `` great '' or `` similar to Raid '' -LRB- the bug spray -RRB- . The product arrived quickly , packaged nicely with the stylish bottle inside of a tin . For the price , you get quite a large bottle of Eau de Toilette -LRB- NOT eau de parfum -RRB- . In terms of the scent , it is not for those who prefer something light and airy . I usually have two key scents at a time -LRB- one is light , airy , and floral while I like for the other to be a little more musky and woodsy -RRB- . This one is definitely the more heavy . If you like super floral scents , this one may seem like a men 's cologne to you . It does , however , smell as promised
 It 's so effective that I 'm still surprised . It has been extremely useful for me . I am very happy with the results I 've been seeing .
 I bought this item for its tingle factor . It also has a bronzer in the lotion . This bronzer gives a nice tan with no orange color and it does not stain your clothes . I use it even when not tanning for a hint more color .
 Tried this for the first time when I was staying at the Eden Hotel in Rome and got hooked . The fragrance from the gel lingers and often I do n't need to put perfume after the shower . It smells fresh and I 've had many people ask me what fragrance I was using as they find it unique and very nice .
 HAVE BOUGHT THIS SET TWICE , ARRIVED PROMPTLY AND INTACT BOTH TIMES , PERFUME SMELLS GOOD , ATTRACTIVE BOTTLE , VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE , WOULD NOT MIND BUYING AGAIN , GOOD DEAL .
 Love it , Love it , Love it . I am definitely a girly girl and not only is the lotion and bottle decorated beautifully , smells heavenly , too ! I would place it up there with Prada Candy but with out the inflated price tag ! The fragrance is sweet and soft and in my opinion you can wear it day or night . Thanks , Amazon ! Friends and colleagues are starting to call me an Amazon spokes person . Where else would you find such great deals !
 The perfume was as sweet as the one I had !!! It smells wonderful and its just the right soft scent I was looking for , please try it if you are looking for a soft and sweet woman scent.I would definately order from Amazon again !!!
 I purchased the peach and dilute it with the unscented . Works great and has a mild peach aroma . Easy to dispense and melt . I highly recommend this product .
 The lavender smells good ... IMHO . It is in small beads that help with speeding up the melting process when adding to already melted wax . It comes in a box with six individual one lbs bags . As I wrote ... very nice .
 paraffin wax for the professional i use this product with my clients and they love it
 Great product , it melts much faster than the large bars that I used to use . It also makes it easier to add just a little when needed without having to get out a knife and cut up a bar . The fragrance is subtle and pretty and the parafin comes off easily and my hands are not greasey . I really love it .
 I recently hurt my elbow at work and was sent to physical therapy . They were charging workers comp -LSB- ... -RSB- for every time i dipped my elbow ... in the wax atleast 10 people used a day . For just over -LSB- ... -RSB- I have a huge amount of wax that is much more comfortable than a heating pad and feels great . My wife also enjoys it just for the oil it leaves on her skin and pleasant smell . I use a crock pot to heat it , but you have to be careful because it gets too hot . The spas are the perfect temp , but take hours to heat up and are overpriced . Cleanup is easier than you think and I reuse the wax often , just put it back in the hot oil and add some essential oils every few times , I suggest mint for injuries and lavender for relaxing .
 I am 53 years young , and I have Arthritis in different parts of my body , so it is always nice to have a relief in some areas . The wax helps my hands and my wrists . I ca n't use it on my feet because I have Raynauds syndrome , which changes the circulation and tempature of my feet and hands , but my feet are the worst of the two , and the left foot is the worst of all . Plus I have Spinal Damage which left my right side of my body from the breast line down totally numb , BUT I do n't say any of this to have anyone feel sorry for me . I have had a relationship with the Lord Jesus since 1978 , and He has been my strength and my BEST -- EST friend , all the way through my life . So anything I go through He is with me all the way . Thank You for the relief ; Your friendJill D. Mercier
 this is a very nice paraffin to use . not only is it very pliable , it has a nice aroma
 Very Happy with the purchace ... All the nurses and that for Mom take their turns with it also . .
 I had to contact customer service to try to change my ship address . It was my fault I marked the wrong address as ship to.Natali agreed to re-route my package , they caught it in time . and she said i would not be charged any extra fees . I greatly appreciated this service.I 've ordered these refills before for my mom and she enjoys the wax . It 's nice quality and smells great .
 I have never before purchased wax online . I have recently purchased several - 1 lb . pkgs . of the lavender Therabath refill Paraffin Wax.I was originally skeptical because the price was better than the price in a beauty store close to my house however , I was willing to take the chance because that beauty shop only sold blocks of wax and the price was higher . I did not care for the blocks because they took so long to melt.Much to my surprise , the wax pellets were very fragrant and melted quickly . I can now offer my clients a paraffin wax dip on their hands prior to their massage . Thank you from my clients and myself for a great product.Sincerely , Massage Touch , S.C.
 I love the lavender fragrance so much as it reminds me I 'm in a spa ... soothing and wonderful !!
 We have used the Revlon heated wax therapy for quite some time and needed the refill as the wax level had gotten low , the original amount since we purchased the unit . This refill is just what we needed . The lavender scent is nice , my wife says . Quick shipping from Amazon as usual .
 Best paraffin form ever , beads melt quickly and are so clean and smooth . The unscented is not only great for allergic clients , but the perfect vehicle for me to add my own oils and scents for custom work . I 'm sticking with this brand forever !
 Was a present for the wife . Leaves her skin feeling soft . She likes it and I like that .
 I needed a refill for my paraffin bath , this product was the most economical . I love the smell - it 's not too strong , just right ! The granulated pellets work well for refilling , you can use just what you need .
 Skin feels soft after use , and there is no odor to compete with other products and perfume .
 This is the best deal going , especially if you are an Amazon Prime member and get free 2-day shipping like I am . I shopped all over the place to find the best price for paraffin wax refills both online and in stores and this was by far the best priced per pound ! I will definitely be coming back for this item .
 This product melts easily , and the smell from the lavender permeates the room when you dip your hands in to the warmer . Its smooth , creamy consistency helps to glove your hand with warmth and softness . Once you slip the wax off your hands after cooling , your hands will feel wonderful . I highly recommend this product !
 With the free super saver shipping from Amazon , this price is a steal . It seems to be good quality and it retains its aroma for a good long while . I use it on tired hands
 Great value ! I also really like the bead-like consistency that made refilling my parafin bath to just the right level so easy .
 This wax is wonderful ! It melts quickly , smells wonderful , and makes your hands so soft . I have already reordered this wax twice .
 The refills were received quickly and just as described ! They melt very nicely in my wax bath .
 Loved it ! Ca n't wait to try the peach ! WAY better than the wax my bath came with
 the bead style of the wax is wonderful ! with other waxes i had to actually cut them then have my hubby break them so i could use . the extra dollar or so is totally worth it . the scent is n't over powering but very nice . will buy agian
 Easy to use , quick melting pellets , nice soft scent , I will buy this product again .
 This wax not only smells nice , but it leaves a nice residue on your skin . You will find yourself rubbing your hands after the wax is off . I bought this wax to replace the 1st batch I had , and this wax seems ` lighter . ' It 's not as dense . The lavendar smell is the best , though .
 I love this product ! I bought it as a refill for my Revlon paraffin bath . It covers better than the wax that came with the bath , and leaves my hands feeling soft and smooth . I 'll definitely buy this brand and scent in the future .
 I ordered this lavender scented prafffin as a replacement for old paraffin for my hand bath . It has a lovely , gentle scent - nothing too much or too sickly sweet , just nice . I really like it !
 This product melts really well because of its texture . It 's tiny balls of wax stuck together when you first open the package , to make breaking the wax into smaller pieces , easy.Keep in mind that this paraffin wax product has oils in it so it 's not quite like the wax at a nail salon . They lather lotion on your limbs before dipping into the wax , but with this wax you do n't need the lotion and is almost too much with it . I wish they offered non-oily wax like the salons so that I could use my favorite lotion before dipping but I 'm not complaining . Loving my hands and feet -LRB- skin & cuticles -RRB- after a treatment . It 's very pampering.Side-note
 A manufacturer 's backlog postponed my order through Medical For You . I ordered it December 31 , 2010 and did n't receive the item until January 22 , 2011 with an expected delivery date of January 11 . Although I had a difficult time getting the issue fixed , Medical For You made up for it by sending another item similar to the one I ordered ... free of charge.Not sure I 'd order this particular item from Medical For You again , but at least they came around and gave better customer service .
 I love the light fresh lavender scent of this paraffin . Also , the wax really mositures your hands after removing them from the paraffin bath .
 I love this paraffin ! Inexpensive , smells great and shipped quick . To touch on a few notes
 Received it promptly , no delays , no surprises . Smells nice-not too powerful odor . Works in my daughter 's paraffin hand bath just fine .
 Good amount of paraffin for those heat treatments , great packaged and good quality . You wont regret this buy if you need paraffin for those therapeutic baths.Melts really fast .
 The product is exactly what I expected . It is 6 packs of solid paraffin wax . I received the product quickly in the mail and was very happy with the product .
 I checked Amazon.com for paraffin because the original paraffin that came with my paraffin bath was getting crumbly . I ordered the lavendar Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax . I was surprised because it seemed `` softer '' than what I had been using , and I wondered whether it would do the job as well . I have found that Therabath has a couple advantages over the original paraffin . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It melts faster . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It comes off easily after I have used it . I can pull it off like a glove . Sometimes the original would stick to my skin , and getting all the pieces off would take a while.At first I could smell the lavendar , but either I 've gotten used to it , or the scent fades as it gets older . That happened with the original too . The scent is not important to me . What matters is that it does the trick.Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax , Lavender , 6 lbs
 I had to purchase a paraffin bath due to a recent diagnosis of Rheumatoid Arthritis and I can definitely tell a difference between the Therabath paraffin wax and other brands . I have n't found a brand that I like better !
 I have trigger fingers and the paraffin bath eases the pain . This particular wax seems to be the best for the money . And ... it smells good too .
 I used this at my open house and clients enjoyed the lavender aroma . Thanks for a great product , will be purchasing in future .
 If you have a paraffin bath , you will need refills , and this is an economical way to fulfill that need .
 I got bored using the Therabath every night to help with my healing broken wrist . Got out of habit of using it when I started wearing my rings .
 I love using the lavendar wax . If one has to use this it Might as well be something that is real pleasant fragrance .
 works well in our paraffin bath-while melting it gives off a lovely fragrance that is very soothing-we use the paraffin on the hands-it helps a lot with pain and after use leaves the hands soft and moisturized-would recommend to anyone with pain in hands or fingers
 I love this ! I used the reviews that recommended this & they were right ! This stuff is great in the Spa Wax Bath . LOVE IT !!!!
 I really like this lavendar wax . The scent is so &#34; warming &#34; . I like the beaded wax as it melts more evenly and quickly .
 What a great feeling you will get with this Lavender paraffin wax . Not only does it make your hands soft and smooth , it smells so good .
 I purchased this wax to put into a paraffin bath and I must say it is a very good wax . Not strong at all although it has a slight touch of the lavender . I was hesitant at first because of the scent , but I must say it is very mild . Melted very quick in my paraffin bath , and peels very easily when removed . Great product .
 Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax is wonderful , leaves my hands and feet moisturized . Love it for the warmth on my hands to relieve aches and pains and on my feet no more cold feet .
 Overall I like the wax . However , I bought this wax for the lavender scent which is great but I also bought it as it showed to be wax pellets vs a big block of wax . When it arrived they were all &#34; melted &#34; together and each bag was just a big lump of wax . Disappointed it was n't the wax pellets I wanted . I 'll be buying a different brand next time .
 I HAD read in previous reviews that this stuff stank something fierce . Let me assure you , this wax smells like ... lavender.I would much prefer this smell to a snuffed out candle or winter fresh.The relaxing scent and easy melt worked wonderfully.ONCE you reach 120F -LRB- 49C -RRB- Do NOT HEAT FURTHER ... This wax holds heat well and will give you a nasty shock if you push the heat up too high ! Though oily , it is wonderful after a good 5-9 layers . -LRB- allow each layer to cool before reapplying as this builds up layers of heat and keeps a nice thick pack of warmth on the treatment area for a significant period of time.This wax works wonders on arthritic joints in the hand ! It 's quite a pity that one has to wash off the oils to handle objects afterwards . Terribly good fun peeling it off.Wax can be generally messy but having some melted around the house really provides a lot of relief especially as the weather turns wintry and cold!I have not reheated the wax but will endeavor to edit my post after several periods to let you know how much the smell wears off and whether there is disintegration after multiple reheats .
 This is a marvelous product for hands , elbows , and feet . It is also great for dry skin and arthritis pain . Very soothing !
 Good product . Has oil in it so it 's really a nice touch . It 's easy to use and my clients love it .
 I purchased this product for my Dr. Scholl 's paraffin bath as I could no longer locate their wax refills . These refills are better than the original . Not only does the lavender scent smell great , but the wax is much easier to handle . This product comes in little beads instead of solid chunks . So pouring into the bath is a breeze especially for hands with arthritis . The product arrived before it was promised ; thanks Amazon ! I highly recommend this product .
 Great frangrance and it melted well . Everyone at my spa party reallyenjoyed how this product softened and smoothed their hands and feet.Some of us even did our elbows ! PeachE is my favorite paraffin bath !!
 My wife uses it for her arthritis in her hand and loves the lavender smell
 This product , theTherabath Refill Paraffin Wax , Lavender , 6 lbs , is terrific . It is priced right , works well , smells good and the seller followed through as I would expect .
 This is a great product at a great price . The scent is lovely and the wax melts quickly . This is a purchase that you will not regret .
 I like the wax the beads melt , it takes less time to melt , new product , fast delivery and good seller , will buy again
 I bought these as a replacement for the Therabath and I was satisfied . I am a big fan of lavender , and a pleasant surprise with this product is when it was first melted down my whole apartment smelled like lavender -- lovely ! I find that the wax itself works fine to soften my hands and feet . And contrary to some previous reviewers , I found that mine actually did come in tiny balls , rather than congealed together . This definitely made the paraffin bath easier to fill than having the huge blocks -LRB- which I had to score and break so that I could get multiple blocks into the container to melt initially -RRB- -- although if you are not filling a completely empty container it may not matter as much -LRB- meaning , it may not be worth the extra costs for the balls , if there is one -RRB- . If you get the large bath , it will take at least 4 of these to fill it up to an appropriate amount , so you may want to get more than one box . Enjoy !
 This is an excellent product . It is easy to add the amount needed to a paraffin bath because the paraffin comes in small pieces rather than a solid one pound block . It melts faster , too . The lavender fragrance is lovely . This is so soothing for painful arthritic hands or feet and for dry skin . This was the lowest price I found for this product .
 Had gotten on to order my usual Homedics and saw someone comment about the price , so I checked out the `` people who viewed this item also viewed ... '' and found this . Very happy with the quality , and the scent is light , relaxing , and wonderful !
 product as described , great price , arrived in time expected - will reorder again for another refill
 I have been paying a lot to have a paraffin wax treatment for my sore hands and I thought I would look on Amazon to see if I could find paraffin in bulk and try the process at home . To my surprise the Therabath comes with mineral oil mixed in and is wonderful quality , melts easily , and cleans up easier than regular paraffin wax that I have used before.I got the scent-free wax and melted it in a small crock pot , let it cool and then dipped my hands in it.It is great for my sore joints and with the added oil , it acts as a moisturizer and my hands are soft and love the treatement !
 The wax is presented as flakes rather than beads or a big lump . The flakes melt very quickly , so you do not need to wait three or four days to use wax therapy device . It also leaves a silky feel to the hands and the wax is very soothing .
 My daughter had a rare blood disorder that resulted in widespread scleraderma on her arm . This causes hardening of the tissues , skin problems , and loss of function in her hand . All in all , a nightmare for this young woman.She was introduced to this therapy by her hand and arm physical therapist . It helped her greatly , and they decided that daily therapy at home would be a huge benefit . We purchased this unit , which , for all intents and purposes , is the same as the professional unit used by her therapists.We have hope that systemic drug therapy will eventually reverse and even cure the scleraderma , but we think the wax treatments are essential to prevent further damage in the interim . If it can help someone like my daughter , then it should be a fine option for many people with less severe skin conditions .
 This is a wonderful product and smells devine . I bought a home unit and need to keep my feet/hands warm for medical issue . This does the trick and softens my feet and hands so well I wish they made a body unit . I will buy product again . Nice to have such a good supply great price and excellent service .
 I really ca n't recommend this enough . If you have a paraffin wax heater , these beads are WONDERFUL . I love the scent , but I know it is n't for everyone . Beads are so much easier to deal with than the bars ! The added aromatherapy makes this product a MUST HAVE !
 This is a beautiful red , I just wish the coverage turned out better . It 's very liquidy so it was a real challenge to apply , but I have very long , thick hair . Still , it 's gorgeous and my experience with this brand is that the color lasts far longer than the typical brands you can by at the grocery store or Walmart . I will order it again , but next time get help applying it .
 I know everybody 's hair will react slightly differently , but I got PERFECT results with this kit.I had a friend help me -LRB- I 've never done highlights before , but it was Spring Break and I figured , `` Why the Hell not ? '' -RRB- and I ca n't picture doing this on your own.The hook used to pull the hair through the cap hurt a lot before we worked out a way of poking through the cap without stabbing my scalp.Anyway , the details are really clear , it 's a pretty easy process , just PAY ATTENTION to your timer . I left on the first pass for about 8 minutes , then rinsed and did another pass at about 5 minutes.I 'm naturally a medium , mousy brown color , and this kit gave me GREAT results . I was really worried about my hair looking bleached or yellow or peroxide-y , but it came out very soft and natural looking with the perfect amount of variation . The way we did it , I came out with hair that was significantly lighter than my original shade , but it did n't look bleached . Kudos to my friend for helping me , I probably would have botched it on my own.Great price , easy process , good results , I 'll definitely use this one again . Oh , I did need to use a lot more conditioner than I do with my untreated hair , but I guess that 's to be expected any time you lighten your hair .
 I was very hesitant about this and could n't decide to give 3 or 4 stars but since I 'm not totally disappointed and not yet completely satisfied , I guess I am more on the satisfied side than disappointed LOL Anyway , I never thought I could highlight from home as I did a very long time ago in highschool and my hair came out brassy and copper colored since I have medium brown hair . I have dyed my hair so much in the past and before I used this I had only dyed it roughly 2 yrs ago and I dyed it black with peek a boo highlights . The black faded within months back to my brown but never got highlights again . My highlights grew out so I purchased this in the medium brown to dark with honey highlights and I put the cap on and did every single hole to frame my face and a few pieces on the crown ... OMG I should 've done every other hole because at first I thought not enough hair was pulling through since I have ALOT of hair -LRB- frizzy , wavy , curly -RRB- and my head looks more blonde and can barely see brown unless your looking at me from the back ! It does n't look bad but it took me a few days to get used to the look , at least my hair did n't turn out copper . I left it on for 40-45 minutes and wish I had taken it out sooner but everyone said there is an orange phase and I made sure the highlights were lemon yellow before I washed it out and WOW IT WAS BRIGHT ! I had a slight green tint to my hair so the next day I used color oops to take out the green and it worked a little and with each shampoo the highlights fade a little and now they are mixed with a honey look and few pieces of golden blonde and alot of extremely yellow blonde -LRB- which I 'm not a fan -RRB- so I 'm waiting for 2 more weeks to buy light golden brown and add more streaks to frame my face to tone the blonde down . The blonde seems to wash my skintone out for some reason but it does make my makeup pop =P If you already have highlights then I HIGHLY suggest you do NOT go over the highlights parts because I still had a little highlights left over at the tip of my hair in 2 or 3 places and my hairs broke off at the end when washing and after I got out the shower but I straightened my hair the next day and cut my hair and gave a trim to dried ends . I 'm not worried because my hair is healthy but just broke off at the tips so if you have more highlights then BEWARE ! Make sure your hair is healthy before you use this because this will dry out your hair and you will need a couple weeks to deep condition it and make the strands strong again . My hair feels soft but when I 'm shampooing or washing it feels stringy and straw-like so I have to put back extra moisture into it and deep condition once or twice a week . Go to sally 's and they will help you ! My hair lifts easily so I should have washed it out sooner but I can still comb through it as I have kinky hair that 's confused but after shampooing it 's really tangled from the bleached process so I have to use a really good conditioner to comb through my hair with my fingers in the shower and then after I put some more after it 's combed out and I leave it for the rest of the shower and I do n't brush my hair after that at all due to my hair type . My waves and curls do look much better with the highlights but only because of the stuff from sally 's ... I find when I use my regular tresemme shampoo and conditioner it does n't give me that added bounce so I suggest you try samples before you buy at sally 's , as I did . Overall , I am pleased with paying a small amount to highlight rather than a salon and since I 'm no rookie at dyeing my hair then I thought this was the best way to go ... you can not screw up ESPECIALLY if you do several strand test at various times to figure what color you want ! My son and Fiancee love my hair more than I do lol
 Ok to start off ... I gave this 5 stars for the product not the company that ships it . I ordered this on Jan 19th and it arrived on the 23rd . The shipping is quite fast . I usually do not have any problems with this company AmericaRX . For some reason this time I DID !!! I ordered the kit for med to dark brown hair . What I got was for blonde to light brown hair . Now you may think that is no big deal but IT IS !!! Med to dark brown is harder to dye to blond so you really do need the stronger kit . I AM NOT HAPPY THAT I HAVE TO SEND THIS BACK !!!!
 GOOD PRODUCT . . NO COMPLAINTS.I WILL BUY MORE FROM THIS RETAILER IF I NEED TO AND THE PRICE WAS GREAT . : -RRB-
 Just bought it , havent used it yet , will soon . It looks nice on the box , trying to get rid of black hair hoping this might do the trick
 I liked this -- it 's not too strong and it smells nice . Does a nice job of highlight slowly so you really can control how much it does . There 's plenty of ingredients -- I did n't feel like I was going to run out . I left it on for 20 minutes and got some very nice shine with a good highlight color -- not brassy at all and not overly blonde . I 'll be using this product again . Other products I 've used skimp on the ingredients . One thing I would have liked
 My hair is naturally medium-dark brown but before using this I dyed it a light-medium brown -LRB- with box dyed -RRB- . Then a week later pulled my hair out of this hat and threw some the bleach on for a total of 45 mins . It looks great and everytime I use it I get compliments .
 First of all , I did need my husband 's help for this but I imagine someone could do it on their own . For me , this way was just easier and more efficient.It left highlights all over . I got compliments for the color -LRB- even though I thought it was too brassy and yellow but not golden -RRB- . Overall , it did the job . It gave even highlights through virgin and dark colored multiple times sections of hair . I would recommend it and use it again .
 I went crazy reading reviews online for different hilighting kits and settled on this one . Anxious to get it done I went out to my local drugstore and paid over $ 11 for it . I figured that was a good deal because at the end of the day , I 'm not paying $ 175 for a professional to do it . I have had my hair done professionally before and it turned out great , but it could have been better and my hair was dry . Using this I was scared , so I did n't keep in in as long as I should/could have but I LOVE the results ! All over lightening , just what I wanted . It does n't look fake or fried . My hair feels like silk ! I will absolutely be using this again.And for those who do n't believe it can be done alone ... it can ! I did it . It takes a little time and dedication but it is 100 % possible . Save your money and do this at home ! -LRB- buy it cheap too ! -RRB-
 Tried this after trying another kind that did n't work at all . I have used the cap before and love it . Pulled out hair only through the holes around the upper crown of my head -LRB- about every other circled hole -RRB- only had to wait 15 minutes and I have the most lovely shade of gold highlights in my medium brown hair . I went and got it cut and the lady who cut my hair was very impressed with how well it turned out .
 Ok , here we go . . I pride myself on being intelligent , resourceful and literate . All of that goes out the window when it comes to coloring my hair . My friend -LRB- a professional hairdresser -RRB- usually does my hair , but circumstances barred us from getting together . So being the arrogant woman I can be at times , I thought , I can do this myself ... what 's so hard about it ?! Oh boy ... I did research online , I read reviews , I made a list and headed out to my local beauty supply store , ready to color AND highlight my own hair ... I must be out of my mind ! But I digress , I had to order this from Amazon , for they did n't have any in stock at my store . Thank goodness for Amazon Prime , for I was able to conduct my Frankenstein experiment in less than 2 days.I read the directions , -LRB- they seemed simple enough -RRB- , put on the bonnet , used that weird thing to pluck my hair through the holes , everything was going great . I applied the color and this is where the story gets good . The package said to leave on for a minimum of 10 minutes but not more than 60 minutes . I have naturally dark brown/copper hair so I figured that maybe 20 minutes would be good . So after 18 minutes , I pranced back to the bathroom took of the plastic cap and found myself with ... wait for it ... WHITE HAIR !!!! I tried to remain composed as I shoved my whole head in the sink to wash it out . That did not work . In the course of my research , I read that I would probably need to add a toner just in case things turned out brassy . So I grabbed , the already prepared toner and added it to my hair . Guess what happened ... it turned PINK ! I can tell you that PINK was not the color I was going for . I found myself getting light headed.I jumped in the shower and used Shimmer Lights shampoo , about half a bottle , and when I was done , I had some really nice highlights . A few of them where a bit &#34; blonder &#34; than I wanted them but they blended in nicely.So after that ordeal , would I ever use this again , absolutely . It works great ! Just do n't leave it unattended .
 This is a very inexpensive way to highlight your own hair . I have dark brown hair and I decided to try this out . I love the highlights . Some strands are blonde , some are copper , the highlights vary , but the results are amazing . I 've been getting a lot of compliments . I think it will be very difficult to do the back yourself . It took me almost an hour alone just to pull the hair on the top and sides through the cap . I did n't even do the back . But I love the results !
 I am 46 and decided to see how my gray will look grown in . All the websites say that highlights are a good way to do it , so I got this kit.I found it very easy . It took me a while to figure out how to use the little hook to pull my hair thru - TIPS
 it arrived before the said date of arrival . . it was complete and packaged nicely . . so when i got it i was so excited to use it . . so i prepared my hair for the procedure . . i followed every step in the instructions . . the hard part is getting the back part of my head . . but if u have multiple mirrors in ur bathroom like i do . . it will be better but ur head will hurt . . better if u have a buddy around . . but me i did it all by myself . . i spent almost an hour and a half getting strands through the holes of the cap and another 5mins applying the bleach . . i left the bleach more than the allotted time because i dont want my hair to turn orange . . but im checking it every 5mins . . after almost 25mins i rinsed the bleach off and shampoo and conditioned my hair . . i dried it and . . voila . . !!! i love the results . . 4stars because it did not say in the instructions that i must need a buddy . . boohoo . . lol . . but super duper easy to use product . . definitely would recommend it if u dont want to spend lots of money in the salon . .
 this product is pretty good but i have dark brown hair . . the bottom part of my hair had highlights . . but with this product i wanted to dye my hair from the roots but it didnt work . . but it did made my hair that was alrdy highlighted lighter . which looks pretty good .
 I do n't get my highlights done professionally anymore . I never thought I could do this myself but this must be fool proof cause I 'm a fool and my hair looks great ! The color comes out beautifully . Keep the solution on long enough , do n't want your hair to turn orange because you were timid to leave it on long enough . I left it on for 25 minutes the first time ... nice but left it on 35 minutes from there on out and Much better.My hair was white blonde as a child and got darker over the years . I 've been told , though , that my strands still have the consistency of a blonde even though my hair is dark.Don ' t be afraid ! I am so glad I was turned onto this product ... I will be saving over $ 1,000 . a year ... over $ 1200 . even.Good luck to you !
 This was my first time doing any hair coloring by myself . This product was easy to use , and had good , natural-looking results . My husband helped me pull the hair through the cap . Also , before I put the cap on my head , I pre-poked the holes in the cap . I took us an hour to pull the hair through , then I left the solution on for 40 minutes , washed it off , and voila ! Nice , golden highlights for under $ 10 !
 I was looking for a more affordable way to highlight my hair so I gave this a try . So glad I did ! It works just as well as getting it done in the salon but for a fraction of the price ! You 'll probably want someone to help you pull your hair through the cap as well as making sure the dye completely covers the parts of your hair you want dyed . Will purchase this every time I want to touch up my roots . Really leaves my hair with a nice golden glow ; highly recommend !
 I have had professional highlights done since I was pretty young , but having been in college for a while , I was only able to afford $ 130 for highlights once in a blue moon . Which meant a lot of roots :-LRB- So , after garnering the courage over 4 months , I looked at a lot of reviews and picked this up from my local Walmart for $ 7 . The kit is nice and complete , everything you need to do the hair and the nice over-cap so you can relax and walk around after applying . It took me a while to get my hair pulled through the cap , but that is because I 've never done this before and for the cost , I certainly do n't mind a little work -LRB- an hour and a glass of wine -RRB- . I like the plastic hook better than metal ones , they hurt my head and this one did n't . You will HAVE to have help for pulling hair through the back of your head . I used every circled hole on the cap - it 's a LOT of highlights ! Product smells great , no strong bleachy smell and no itchy , burning scalp ! Very pleasant . I have medium brown hair that tends to be brassy , even from salon highlights . I was TERRIFIED of turning my hair orange . I left the product on just short of the 60 min time `` limit '' as I know my hair is always slow to lose brassy-ness . Washed it out as explained - I HAVE AWESOME HIGHLIGHTS !!! No brassy-ness at all , just a lot of healthy light blond streaks !!! YAY !!! For $ 7 ? Best . Buy . EVER !!! I 'll do a few conditioning treatments over the next few weeks to keep it healthy -LRB- though the product does not seem any more drying than salon highlights -RRB- and I 'm now the Happiest . Sun-kissed Blonde . Ever !!!!
 I have medium blond hair and I 've been using Frost & Glow for several years . It saves on root touch ups -LRB- $ $ $ $ -RRB- at the salon . It does n't replace a good foil job at a good salon , but in a pinch it can work wonders and give you a `` pick me up '' if your roots are showing or if the brassies have set in from previous coloring . The cap is n't the greatest , I 'll try the magicap from Sally 's next time , but for under $ 10 what do you want?If you follow the directions you will get good results . If you 're lucky enough to have a helping hand to help you foil , no one would know you did n't go to a salon for them.Don ' t over do it though , otherwise you will have VERY blond hair -LRB- obviously -RRB- . Less is more , unless that 's the look you want.Definitely worth the money !
 The product worked but I would highly suggest pulling though a small amount of hair and not through every hole that has a circle around it . I should have gone with just the front and top section instead of whole head . Although the color came out great I 'd leave it to a professional next time . It literally took 2 hours to get my hair through all of the tiny holes and I definitely needed help from my husband . If I had done it all on my own I would have been so dizzy trying to see in a mirror to do the back part of my head . If you 're going to use this product , or any self-highlighting product , I 'd suggest doing a small amount at a time to see if you like it .
 Great Product for Dark hair , I used this kit to Ombre my hair , the color is great ! Best kit to lighten your hair brass free !
 This is the best highlighting kit ever . The first time I used it , I did it for my mom and she did mine . It is slightly easier when you know someone willing to pull your hair through the holes . But I did it last night on my own and it turned out perfect . I did it while watching Netflix ... started with the back . It 's impossible to get EVERY hole in the back without a mirror , but you can usually find almost all the holes by touch or trial and error , especially since the holes are in straight lines and about the same distance apart ... just make sure to rest your arms . Then I used a mirror for the sides and top . I pull VERY thick pieces of hair through to achieve mostly blonde hair , and since my hair is dark blonde it lightens in 30 minutes . The cap and hook is fool-proof ... none of the bleach can get on your other hair , and it 's a surprise every time ... just because you pull a strand out from a certain spot , does n't mean that huge thick piece lays in your hair that same way when you style . I love the chunky randomization and when you get smart enough you learn which direction to pull your hair from depending on where you want your highlights to lay . Just make sure you place the cap where there are plenty of holes against your part if you want your highlights to be flush with the part of your hair . Also this kit is 5 dollars cheaper at Wal-Mart than CVS . Flawless product , gorgeous shimmering pure platinum highlights !
 I have been highlighting my hair off and on for almost 18 years . Going to a professional stylist every month can get pretty expensive . If my budget is to tight or I do n't have time to go to a salon I always use Revlon 's frost and glow . It 's super easy to use ! My husband actually pulls my hair through the cap and I apply the bleach . I have tried numerous kits and this one is the best by far ! Color always comes out beautiful and does not dry my hair as much as other products . I highly recommend this highlighting kit !
 I paid an arm & a leg last time I got my hair highlighted . This is the best highlighting kit I have ever used & I 've tried plenty .
 I used to use Olay Regenerist but after reading countless wonderful reviews of this product I finally purchased it and I absolutely love it . Olay 's moisturizer smelled good but sometimes my face would become too oily in spots and dry in others and after applying it my face would sting a little . NONE of those things happen with this product . I started off using Dr. Hauschka 's lip balm stick -LRB- which I absolutely love also -RRB- and it has that same herbally smell but it goes away . This moisturizer is wonderful whether you are bare faced or put on a ton of makeup for a night out . I love the glass bottle , give it a little luxury feel . I will repurchase and slowly but surely Dr. Hauschka is taking over my skin care routine . I really recommend this product . No breakouts during my cycles , either !!! Amazing .
 Not quite as emollient as I had hoped for but good overall . Used to have oily skin but now , at 55 , it 's become a bit more dry and in need of additional hydration via my moisturizer . Love the scent of this product ! Dislike a rose scent so did n't purchase the Rose Night Creme - wish they offered an alternative .
 LOVE Dr. Haushka.Used it for years and then I stopped using . So glad to be back on it now . Helps control my rosacea .
 I tried other skin care products andnoticed my results were not good.Back to Dr. Hauschka products and lifeis rosey again !! Not to sound likea commerical , Dr. Hauschka makes a hugedifference for me . Suggest the wash , toner , then moisturizing day cream .
 I really like the Dr. Haushka range . This product was recommended to use with Rose Day Cream light as I had really dry skin - and it worked - ca n't ask for more .
 This cream is absolutely the best . I can not believe how much my skin has improved just by switching over to Dr Hauscka products ! I bought some of this for my mom and she loves it . I 'll never buy the cheap department store brands , I now treat myself to the best ! Dr Hauschka
 This face cream is very light and therefore easy for your skin to `` drink '' ... I would not change it for any other cream !!! Thanks Dr Hauschka and the great friend who recommended this great product !!! Humita
 Hauschka products are the highest quality available . They are biodynamic . This moisturizer is light but long lasting . In the summer it 's all I use . In the winter I combine it with the quince or rose cream . It 's not until after I put this on that I look awake . I use it only in the morning , and one large bottle lasts almost a year . It 's very nice stuff .
 My skin is super dry due to acne creams and living in a really drying apartment . I had to do something when I saw my face in the bathroom mirror at work - I had so many dry and peeling patches.I went immediately to purchase this cream . Initially , I wanted to buy the normalizing day oil but I thought because my skin was so dry I 'd need something more moisturizing and after comparing ingredients I saw that many of the same ingredients in the normalizing day oil are in the moisturizing day cream . As soon as I paid for it , I applied it in the middle of the store . When I got home , my skin looked so much better . I only hope it continues to improve .
 I read that Jennifer Aniston had used this forever and thought that was a good recommendation . I love it as it moisturizes without a greasy feeling - - very light . Got some for my daughter and it 's all she 'll use now and she has oily skin .
 I really like this product , the only negative is it has a different smell than usual creams and it took me a little while to get used to it
 Loove this product . My husband just bought this for me from Whole Foods , way overpriced . Soothing , but maybe not quite enough moisturizing for cold Jan.NY months.Love it anyway .
 I loved the texture and feel , it is not at all heavy and very refreshing when applied . The bet moisturuzer I have ever used .
 I 've been using this for years and ca n't say enough for the product . My daughter is now using it as well .
 Just amazing ! My face stopped breaking out and getting so irritated . I love holistic skin care products ! So hydrating , smooth , and light . My absolutely go-to for moisturizer and well worth the money .
 I ordered it for my mom for Christmas and she was so happy as she had just run out of it that morning .
 My wife uses this product line for a long time and she is very satisfied with the quality and effect .
 I 've been using Dr. Hauschka Moisturizing Day Cream for nearly a decade and I love it . Previous moisturizers irritated my eyes and some even made my skin waxy . This cream soothes and protects my far-from-young skin all day . A little goes a long way so a 3.5 oz bottle lasts me about 8 months . It is definitely worth the price !
 I love this product and I would use it more if it was n't so expensive . What in the world could make it cost so much ?
 My skin does n't soak up moisturizers . They just sit on top of my skin , looking oily while my skin stays feeling dry . Dr. Hauschka 's Moisturizing Day Cream is the ONLY moisturizer that actually soaked into my skin and helped it feel moisturized all day -- did n't need to reapply . At first , I thought this moisturizer seemed too watery and light -LRB- considering I was used to slathering thick creams on my face then powdering to get rid of the oily shine -- which made my skin feel dry -RRB- . After about 20 minutes of applying a coat of this light moisturizer , my face felt marvelously moisturized and stayed nice and soft all day . I could n't believe it .
 I have tried them all -LRB- almost -RRB- , and this is by far , the absoulte BEST moisturizer I have ever used . All natural , pure and fast acting . You see a visible difference immediately , while it nourishes your skin . A winner !
 Although I have been Dr. Hauscka for a while , this is the first time I am using this moisture cream.My belief is in good health not vanity . This cream does not puff up your skin but rather makes the skin feel wonderfully natural and clean . Love it .
 I have rosacea and extra dry and extra sensitive skin . I am in my 50s and have tried tons of moisturizers . Either they leave my skin feeling clammy or they have a weird odor or they cause my face to sting or cost a fortune , but this moisturizer has worked great for me . It feels good and you do n't need to use very much and my skin feels hydrated all day .
 The ingredients in Dr. Hauschka 's moisturizer nourish the skin and make it look and feel younger and healthier than anything I have ever tried . Your skin just looks healthy-Even the other moisturizers Dr. H sells are not as nice and feel a bit greasy , but as night creams they 're the best , too . It is expensive , but quality ingredients cost money , and it takes so little to cover my face , that a small bottle lasts a long time .
 I have normal maturing skin , live in Colorado where it is dry and I absolutely love this moisturizer . It is lightweight , absorbs nicely so it does n't sit on top of your skin and feel sticky like a lot of moisturizers . It is very thin and moist rather than a thick cream yet it keeps my face hydrated all day . It has a light citrus smell when you put it on . It 's refreshing but not so strong that you smell it all day . I would highly recommend it and I am going to try other Dr. Hauschka products .
 I love the day cream , but it is not ` oily ' enough for my very dry/eczema prone skin . I learned to apply a thin ` first ' coat to freshly cleansed skin , then mix a squirt of the day cream with a small amount of glycerine and jojoba oil and apply as a second coat . Great results , and not full of irritating chemicals . Try it-you 'll be pleased .
 LOVE this product . It arrived right away . The box was crushed but I did n't care as the bottle was in tact . I was glad not to drive to Whole Foods , where I normally purchase Dr. Hauschka . I saved money , atleast $ 20 ordering from Amazon . And this is by far my most favorite moisturizing day cream . Not too greasy . Perfect for my normal/dry sunkissed skin . I use it morning and night and even apply it before working out .
 I really love this moisturizer . I have combo skin . It really does soak into your face and my face does not feel dry when I put it on . It 's a great lightweight moisturizer in the summertime . I like to use more of a cream in the wintertime . This product has a slight Herbal smell to it that you have to get used to . I do n't mind it , but my dear husband -LRB- DH -RRB- says it 's smells weird . There is also no SPF , so you have to put that on separately .
 This moisturizer smells great , is very moisturizing , and full of great nutrients for your skin.The majority of Dr. Hauschka ingredients are natural , easy to understand items . A few ingredients have more complicated names , but they always turn out to be the proper name for a certain leaf or plant . Check out their website at -LSB- ... -RSB- . I find that this moisturizer , although very nourishing at first , is not as repairing as I had expected . I exfoliate every second night with microdermabrasion , and used this lotion afterwards . I also use this lotion every morning . However , my skin does n't survive the exfoliation when using this moisturizing cream . I want my skin to look amazing , revived , renewed through exfoliation . However , when exfoliation is coupled with this day cream , my skin ends up looking a little weathered.This lotion is a good day cream , but it is not an emollient night cream .
 I love this moisturizer . I use it for both day and night and have noticed the difference after the first half of the bottle . My skin is dry and rough but this is the only brand that has worked so far . Worth the money spent !
 No grease , no oily feeling , just quick , smooth , obsorbsion . you feel like you have a baby 's skin after using it . Works well under makeup .
 I have uber dry skin ... but depending on the weather or season it can get oily too ... -LRB- I know I 'm just a mess lol -RRB- THIS is my go to moisturizer now , and I looooove it ! My skin feels very balanced when I use this . It is a very light moisturizer , and it leaves your skin feeling refreshed and it even leaves it kind of glowy looking somehow . It works great it all kinds of weather and you never feel like your melting ! Dr. Hauschka definately knows what hes doing !
 Worth the money , this moisturizer makes my face feel great and makes my skin glow . I 've been using it for a year and notice a significant positive difference .
 i love it . . the way it smells . . everybody likes it . . but they dont sell it in so many places . . i love it . . cool ad original
 We had originally bought a terrible set of `` rubber ducky '' stickers that started peeling the instant we put them on . Compared to those , these work SO much better . Stay on tight , no peeling yet , and nice , thick texture .
 There is no size given in the description of the white daisy appliques . I want to install them on a shower floor with 41/4 inch square tiles , and I do n't want the decal to overlap onto the grout . Can someone tell me the size of these decals ? Thanks !
 Arrived before promised date . Product is a bust . The came up off the bathtub floor the first time they got wet .
 These are fun , gave my tub a boost and some traction . thanks a lot ! and its a cute little design !
 I used these on a smooth fiberglass tub , they stuck fast and I ca n't even peel them up with my fingernail now . They might not adhere well on porcelain surfaces as porcelain is more smooth and non-porous . Also , some may have gotten an aged batch and the adhesive may be old . Also , if your surface has any texture to begin with , then these may not adhere well .
 As a `` senior '' , I needed some traction in the shower and after trying other brands that did n't last a week , got this one . It 's been a year and a half now and the decals are still sticking ! Just remember before placing them in shower/tub , you should thoroughly clean tub , rub with alcohol , and dry with hair dryer . After placing decals down , use rolling pin or similar to finish sticking . Works for me !
 I heard many different stories about these decals not working . Then I read some had worked . I have had them down for months , and they are great . I feel good about not slipping in the tub now . I did clean the tub with rubbing alcohol before i stuck them down . Just make sure the surface is really clean and press down hard . I took a rolling pin and rolled over them a few times to make sure they were good and stuck to the surface . Not even a lift any where in months .
 I put these on my standard tub that is very slippery . I followed the directions on the package and cleaned the floor and rinsed . Then I let it dry for at least 30 minutes . I arranged them on the tub floor and then pealed off the backs and stuck them down . I did not use the shower for over 12 hours after that . They have all stuck perfectly .
 came quickly . I have a small crack in the shower . these decals covered the crack up and you ca n't even tell !
 I searched all over for these . . I had some that had been on for 30 years . . I finally got them offannd was going to put the suction cup style on . I tried two different styles . . neither worked they slid when they were stepped on . . So these are on . The look nice and are stuck on . . hopefully for another 30 years . .
 These work ! They really stick to my shower floor !!!!! They are the very best product I 've found in my two year search!Let me explain . I 've tried all the brands at Home Depot , Lowe 's & Ace ... and they all failed after just a few weeks use . And I went to extra steps to make sure it was the profuct that failed and not the result of poor installation procedures . On every product I used the same exact procedure :1 . Scrubbed the shower 's tile floor with industrial green cleaner .2 . Rinsed with fresh clear water .3 . Using a hair dryer , directed it against the tile to make sure it was totally dry .4 . Scrubbed the tile with rubbing alcohol to make sure it was absolutely clean . Used the hair dryer again .5 . Wiped the tile with a clean cotton towel .6 . Peeled off the back of the product to expose the sticky back and , starting at one side , carefully laid the product on insuring that no bubbles appeared .7 . Using a wallpaper seam wooden roller , rolled the product with my full body weight to insure solid and uniform adhesion to the tile .8 . Finally , used the hair dryer to heat the adhesive on the product to insure uniform dispersion and contact of the adhesive with the tile.I used the same exact procedure with all the Lowe 's , Home Depot and Ace products , and the only one that uniformly stuck was this Amazon product `` Safe-T-Shapes '' made by Compac in Decatur , GA.I 've been so pleased , that I 've ordered two more packages once again since my original Amazon purchase.They come in white , do not fade -LRB- some others turned yellow -RRB- are constructed with pop-out centers making it easy to configure for corners of areas near the drain or sides.So , if you want a great shower or tub non-skid application , order these Safe-T-Shapes made by Compac . You will be pleased with them for sure !
 These stickers blend in pretty well with a white tub . You can certainly see them but they are not obnoxious like so many other non-slip stickers you can buy . The adhesive works great . They can be adjusted after you put them down , but they do n't come off in the water . The small flower in the center pops out , leaving hollow large flowers and solid small flowers.In case it is not obvious , you must start with a bone dry tub . The package says not to get them wet for a minimum of 4 hours but they recommend 24 hours . I did n't take a chance and gave it the full 24 hours . I have n't had any come loose at all and the non-slip coating seems pretty effective . I have n't tried pulling them up so I ca n't say how easy they would be to remove if you changed your mind.Two packages is the perfect amount for a standard sized tub . I applied them in a random pattern -LRB- big ones first , then small ones in the gaps -RRB- rather than trying to get them perfectly spaced out in a repeating pattern like they show on the package .
 I let my tub dry overnight then used these high quality stickers to make a safe tread pattern . I bought two packages and used most of them . The inside of the flowers punches out -LRB- like donut holes -RRB- to give you smaller ones to use also -LRB- on your tub rail for example -RRB- . This white color blended in so well with my tub , I ca n't even see them .
 it says this right on the package that these stickers are n't for use with textured surfaced tubs , although I did n't see this description on Amazon . they blend in well with my white tub , but probably bubble because of the textured -LRB- worn out -RRB- tub surface .1 / 10 edit
 We purchased 2 packages of these which I would imagine that most people with a standard size tub would also need . Following the advice of another reviewer for this product I cleaned the tub , rinsed well with hot water , washed with 70 percent rubbing alcohol and then used a hair dryer to accelerate the complete drying process . Then I open the packages and removed the little centers from each decal.After that I was able to place them in the design I wanted in the tub , without removing the backing yet . Then , one by one , I peeled the backing paper -LRB- you may need a razor or another sharp object to help you start the paper peeling process -RRB- and placed them in their respective spot . A word of caution , make certain you place it properly the first time , the adhesive is VERY strong ! Once each one was placed down , I rolled something hard over each decal -LRB- you could use just about anything hard and round
 First put these in the tub many years ago . Some finally lifted and had to be replaced . First rate product . Sticks for years -LRB- at least 30 -RRB- and makes the tub safe with no discomfort . They do n't mold or mildew .
 I read all the reviews before I purchased this product.I followed the `` installation '' instructions and also followed one of the `` reviewers '' recommendations by using my blow dryer to make sure that the daisies adhered well . These are exactly what I needed ! My husband and I enlarged our master bedroom and added on a master bathroom about 12 years ago . At that time , we installed a shower , as well as a garden jacuzzi tub . Through the years , a small crack developed on the floor of the shower and then just recently , I noticed a little `` chip '' was missing . I was concerned about more `` chipping '' and possible leakage under the shower , into the floor , so I researched and found these daisies . I throughly cleaned the shower floor and applied three to the shower floor . They acover up the `` chip '' area and look as if they `` belonged '' there all along . I would recommend this product .
 I purchased these a while back and they are still in perfect shape , no discoloration or peeling . Really keeps your feet from slipping .
 I was in danger of falling in the tub and this works great for traction . Because of the curvy floral shape I did n't have to worry about making them all line up in a row either . The middle is a cut out so you can cover quite an area with just one package .
 I 've had these for several years and they are holding up superbly . I got one wrong at first and could n't get it removed so it still is wrinkled .
 If you have a non-textured tub with soft water these are a MUST have . Put them all over the bottom of your tub no slipping and sliding anymore with a bathmat that you have to clean the mold from . Trust me these are great ! But buy more than one package to be sure you get good coverage at price you ca n't beat it .
 I 'm handicapped and needed something to ensure I would n't slip upon entering the shower . This did the trick along with sneakers that I wear as slippers .
 These bathtub daisy decals worked out great to cover a hole left by a previously installed shower bar , plus they are great as the non-skid decals they were meant to be .
 Quick delivery and the product is reasonably priced . I moved into a rented apartment with an old bathtub with damaged enamel which looked like cigar burns in the tub ! I used a combination of some big hollow flowers and some small to make a pattern and it looks great and covers all the damaged enamel . Many showers/baths later they are still sticking strong . I would definitely buy this product again .
 I was looking for some old-school bath decals like what I remembred from my childhood . Bingo ! Here they are . Same shape , same size . I love these.I hesitated buying them because so many people wrote that they did n't stick , but ... mine stuck just fine and are still in after 3 months of daily baths . And I did n't go crazy scrubbing the tub . Just let it dry out one night after a bath , wiped it with a clean towel , and applied the decals . I used it the next night and they have been fine since . I do not have a textured tub . I have an acrylic tub .
 An icon of the late 60 's . Everyone stepped on them once in their lifetime if born in or before the 60 's -RRB- . This floral pattern will be remembered forever . Tacky as they come !
 If you follow the directions and have the surface prepared properly these are excellent -- the best I 've found . In addition to being functional they are very attractive .
 For something that is so necessary for your safety , these are amazingly difficult to find at a Bath store . They work great ! Thank you Amazon for always being there for me .
 I bought these to replace some missing and some damaged ones that were in my shower when I bought this house . They look nice and keep me from slipping in the shower . I bought extras just in case some of the older ones become loose or damaged . They work really well .
 They do the job so you do n't fall and they are cute so make sure to put safety first kids
 I read all the reviews about this product and was a little skeptical , but we 've put them in our tub and they are working great . tons better than the mat we had that slipped everytime you step on it . over all these are a good buy for the price
 We 've had these for about a month and so far they are working very well . We have a 22 month-old and we transitioned her from a baby tub to a regular tub . We wanted to make the tub non-slip . We 've tried mats in the past and we hated the . The flower decals were easy to apply , and none have started to peel or come up yet . Our daughter likes to stand in the bath a lot , and she has n't slipped yet . So far so good . I would highly recommend these .
 The tub decals were great . I had shopped all over for them and could not find them . Thanks for having them available to me . They look great in my tub .
 We had our tub resurfaced a little over a year ago so we ca n't use a typical tub mat or anything with suction cups . We have gone through so many decals . I spotted these and gave them a try . So far , we love them . You can barely even see them in the tub . So many times the decals yellowed or darkened within days . These look as good as they did when I took them out of the package .
 These are the same ones I remembered growing up in the 70 's seeing and they do what they are suppose to do . .
 These seem to stick very securely , but they have only been in our tub for a week . I will need more time to determine if they remain securely fastened . Initially , they seem to suffer a little bit from the problem we are having in our tub - a slippery film on the surface . However , they are much less slippery than the tub itself , so that is a good thing ! I will write an update after more time has passed .
 Shipping was fast . Easy to install , clean and still look great ! So happy with this purchase .
 Prior to purchasing this product getting in and out of the bath was quite treacherous , simply the bath was extremely slipy . After applying our experience was transformed . Now we can shower and bathe in comfort without worrying that someone was going to break a bone or get killed .
 Got this bathtub decals to put on my in-laws shower because I was afraid that they could slip , and it works great . It really prevent them from slipping . It 's being over a month and the product hold very well . We are all happy !
 I was so glad to find these Daisy Safe-T-Shape Decals . I use them for different things . I have a pair of tennis shoes with black soles and I put some of these on the bottom of my tennis shoes , the large for the foot part and the small for the heels , and it keeps black scuff marks off the floors . We also took down a long outdated light in the kitchen and this left holes in the white ceiling so I put these over the holes then put others on the ceiling in a random pattern and it looks great . Also , in an older bathroom sink there was a water stain and I put these over the stain and then I added others . To bring it all together , I put a few on the side of the bathtub and now it looks like that was the design . I hope this helps someone else . Joyce
 my husband is 84 , and was afraid to stand up in the tub . Now he feels more sure footed ; with the decals .
 They look very nice in the bottom of my bathtub . I feel like I am taking a shower in the meadow full of daisies . I feel very confident with them , my bathtub was very slippery before . After several months only one little flower came off , and I ordered another pack for future replacements . I love them !
 I stumbled across this product when my wife was pregnant with our first child . An ex-girlfriend of mine had stretch marks on her belly and they were very unattractive , so I was hopping that Belly Bliss would save my wife from the lifelong scars of pregnancy.Well , the stuff actually works ! We applied the product at least once a day and always after showers or baths and she made it through the pregnancy without stretch marks ! She is now about 8 months into her second pregnancy and we are using the product again . She has no sign of any stretch marks forming and we are confident that she will make it through this pregnancy unscathed.I would definitely recommend this product to every woman who does n't want to be permanently scarred from pregnancy . It 's not the cheapest stretch mark preventative out there , but it seems to work and it 's a very small price to pay to keep those tummies intact .
 I have fine hair and I live in a state where the summer 's are pretty humid . I have spent a small fortune on trying to find a hairspray that works and this hairspray is awesome . It 's worth the money and amazon usually has the best deal .
 The perfume arrived very quickly . Excellent service and also at a very good price . This product is getting difficult to locate in our area . This is definitely the best way to obtain it !
 Love the smell . Just got some a couple days ago!Timeless and made in France ! I love that !! Ithink it 's a fantastic smelling cologne/perfume ! I would recommend it to young as well as old.It grows on you !
 I love this product !!! My face is always getting blackheads and is greasy and generally feels awful . When I first used this spray , I got a wonderful , clean , tingly feeling that did n't fade away . It 's quite an experience ! I 've gone through 3/4 of the small bottle in about 2 weeks because I 'm addicted to the way it makes my skin feel . I had a facial about 2 weeks ago , before I started using this product and have n't seen a blackhead , yet . And the grease is gone ! Awesome !!!
 Who says there 's nothing new under the sun or , in this case , under the grape arbor ? In what can only be thought of as a serendiptious meeting in 1993 young Mathilde and Bertrand Thomas met a professor from Bordeaux University on the estate of the Chateau Smith Hunt Lafitte.From this chance meeting the couple learned that the professor had discovered that seeds thrown away at the close of a grape harvest contained anti-ageing properties . Following research , experimentation , and several patents , Caudalie was born.A favorite from this line is Beauty Elixir , part tonic , part serum . Use of toners has proven too harsh , having a tendency to dry skin while the Elixir softens.In addition to the Grape Extracts Beauty Elixir contains Vitamins A , B , and C , extracts of Myrrh , Orange and Rose Flower , and oils of Rosemary and Mint.The Elixir , for use on a cleansed skin under moisturizer , tightens pores and smoothes the complexion leaving skin with a natural glow .
 I adore this stuff . I could not be happier that I stumbled across it . When I get dry cracked anything , I turn to this miracle cream and overnight I am healed . I buy it in bulk now , so I never run out ! GREAT STUFF !
 I love Body Shop 's Almond Oil Intense Hand Rescue , and when they discontinued it , I was so happy someone still carried some !
 This cream is a miracle !!!! I put it on my face , neck and hands . It is better than any creame meant to postpone aging than anything I have ever found . My face and neck do not have the sagging wrinkles that so many women over 55 have . By morning my skin feels as soft as a babies bottom . It is hard to find but worth the effort . I wish Amazon would get it back in stock . I wo n't make the mistake of buying only one when I find it again !!
 I love the light , musky scent of Egyptian Goddess , and am always complemented on my scent . It 's a nice , lean-in-close , sexy , non-cloying smell . I tried the candle with reservations , thinking it would be thick and overpowering , or smell `` cheap '' . I am pleasantly surprised . The candle is very true to the scent of the oil and gently fills the space without suffocating . I burn it exclusively in the bedroom ; it 's ` my ' space , and it distinguishes it from the rest of the house . I wish the candle came in votives or at least in a jar , though , because this one is burning down the center and leaving a great deal of unused wax . What a waste ! I will find a way to use it , but I wish it were efficient without my tampering with it .
 I bought it for my girlfriend and she just loves it ! It 's an excelent product and huge quality .
 I am loving this Mango Shea Butter . I have n't used it on my hair yet , but I will . I used it on my hands , and feet , and love the smoothness .
 This is the spray I was waiting for . The delivery had no problem and the product was in good condition . It has great after effect specially nice for the partying people I guess . Definitely recommend . .
 I purchased a lot of colognes all at once on Amazon , so I have not used this product much , but it seems nice . Obviously it will not be as glamorous or have the long lasting smell as a really expensive cologne , but for the price this is still a dynamite deal !!!!
 this is an all time hit spray . simply superb for small cost . this is suitable for more sporty than stylish men .
 Got it for my dad since he likes to use half a bottle of cologne on himself each time . I figured I 'd stop spending 70 $ on him a month for his cologne and this way he can splash on as much as he wants : -RRB-
 I just like the ADIDAS perfume , it 's designed for sports and energized man and it is my style . If you are more `` gentalman '' or some what `` social-style '' , maybe it 's not suitable for you . Any way , I like it , maybe i 'll change to some other brands for a try .
 My son wo n't wear anything else but this particular scent by Addidas . It is great to be able to find it online for him . He loves the scent and it is very flattering to him . I also think the price is great !!!
 Adidas Dynamic Pulse By Adidas For Men , Eau De Toilette Spray , 3.4-Ounce BottleAdidas Dynamic Pulse By Adidas For Men , Eau De Toilette Spray , 3.4-Ounce BottleAdidas Dynamic Pulse By Adidas For Men , Eau De Toilette Spray , 3.4-Ounce Bottle
 I like this product.Normally use it in the morning and after shave.Like it and use it on a daily basis
 This product smells good , I would recommend it . The only downside to this product is that the scent does n't last that long .
 Definitely an awesome product attracting others , the results become definitely obvious . It is cheap while keeping a masculine sent that is not too strong or even fruity for that matter . The only problem is that it just wears off a little soon . which is great because many people like myself , hate colognes or pheromones that give a sent that is too strong and give headaches anyways .
 Nice clean scent clean & fresh . Good for just around the house after shower . I will say it does not last that long but I still like it .
 The smell is really good ca n't stop useing it favorite smell I will buy more bet it do n't last all day bout 2 hours
 This was an Aftershave I use to buy , I loved it , smelled better than any cologne I 've ever used , they stopped selling it at the stores I went to , and now I know it 's because it BECAME a cologne ! ... I STILL USE IS AS AN AFTERSHAVE THOUGH !
 This is my second review of Adidas colognes -LRB- Victory League was first -RRB- ... `` Sweetie '' -LRB- a.k.a. my girlfriend -RRB- picked up these two colognes for supplement birthday presents ... I enjoy finding that `` diamond in the rough '' ... Similar to my review of Victory League , I am giving Dynamic Pulse 4 stars out of 5 . It comes out of the gates with a clean , fresh , and finishes with notes of spice and musk . Great scent . . !! It does not last . For those I have tried with short staying power , I take the bottle with me and reapply as needed . For the price , and you enjoy finding that `` diamond in the rough '' -LRB- a.k.a. blind buy -RRB- , go for it . My cologne collection now exceeds 300 + bottles -LRB- and growing , ranging from expensive bottles to not so much . The true test , or indicator , for me is the Wow Factor - compliments from the opposite sex . . !! Sweetie gives me the smell test everyday and she gives a thumbs up for Dynamic Pulse ... Try something new - you may like it ...
 For the price , it is awesome . I wish it was lasting more than 2-3 hours . I like the scent of this product.I would recommend it .
 This Adidas Dynamic Pulse spray has a really nice fresh , fruit based sent tone and is very masculine . Great price . I also use it for general body spray after a shower.PWN .
 Adidas Dynamic Pulse , a Men 's Eau De Toilette Spray , excellent scent that lasts all day . Ca n't say much more , good stuff . Thanks Amazon.com
 From the smell i would say this is a 20 to 25 dollar cologne but to only pay 10 dollars and some change is amazing strong smell great ended to it but all in all i would say buy it for a young man or a teenage whos just starting to wear cologne or any guy really
 This is the second Adidas Cologne that I have purchased for my self and I 'm very impressed . I have yet to run into one from Adidas that I do n't enjoy . The price for what you get is simple amazing ! Applying a couple of sprays on in the morning will last a little over a half day which is n't bad at all at this price point.Like most Adidas colognes and perfumes there is definitely a very sporty , fresh almost citrus type scent that I really enjoy . You ca n't go wrong with this purchase and you will save plenty of cash compared to buying from your local supplier . Highly recommended and I have no problems giving this one 5 Stars !
 My son is in 6th grade . A slob . But he changed when he got a whiff of this stocking stuffer . He 's grooming and dressing fly . He smells great . I gues this is his scent . For now .
 Great Aroma . it smell like the first morning of winter with hot cocoa over the stove and wathcing my dog sleep by the fireplace
 I bought this cologne for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loves it ! Not only was it a present for him but it is a present for me too because I get to smell the cologne all the time :P Also , the bottle is a good size . I would definitely recommend this to anyone !
 At first I was going to cancel my order for this cologne for a diffirent type , but when I recieved it , I changed my mind . It smells great and it is the best cologne I used so far . You should buy it , I definitely reccomend it .
 Wonderful ! I like it very much ! Do not hesitate ! Come on , I believe you would surely like the style and perfume .
 My sister loves this product so much she has asked for a replacement so i sent her one for her birthday as a surprise and she is forever beholden to me now ! I just wished it was a bit easier to order directly via Sephora instead of through Amazon but delivery was prompt enough in time for her birthday . Also it would be nice if this could be gift wrapped . luckily i had someone intercept it for me and hide it . but it would be great if gift wrap was available
 Prada perfume is my favorite ; the price was good and it came quickly . Since I fly frequently I ca n't carry the full size bottles , so I use this one to refill my small one .
 At first I flipped over this scent . But when I got this second bottle , after a few minutes I ca n't smell it anymore . It has a great smell , but then fades so quickly . I use this with the shower gel , and even `` layering '' the scent , which is supposed to make it more noticeable , seems to not do that much.Give it a try - maybe it will last longer on you .
 I wear Prada by Prada for women every day . Consider it my sent . So of course i love it , it is perfect for daily or evening wear .
 I absolutely LOVE THIS PRODUCT & it was a great priceI will definately buy from this Vendor again
 Great product , but the fancy atomiser is worthless . It would be better if it came with a normal EDT spray .
 This is a very special product - can not be overstated ! Not highly promoted but I guess you have to really want something this good to find it . Well , worth the search though .
 Love it . Fragrance is light and fresh . Hope I can find the fragrance again . It is no longer sold in stores .
 I love the scent of this body lotion ! It is a shame it is no longer being made , so I stocked up my supply of it after finding it on Amazon.I save it for special occasions .
 This stuff is amazing . Not greasy at all . Love the smell and the texture . HIGHLY recommended !
 My wife looked all over for this lotion because it was originally a gift and she loved it . The purchase was great .
 Love this product , Its been around so long for good reason , great scent , and great on the skin - a classic !
 This a great lotion , smooth , not greasy , with a very pleasant fragrance . I would recommend it to anyone . I have allergy problems with most fragrances , but this one is great .
 I love this lotion . I use it everywhere , even on my face . I put it on at night . It leaves the skin so silky and the smell is wonderful . Treat yourself and try this magnificent cream .
 Almond and aloe hand and body is an excellent moisturizer for dry skin and smells so good -- a great gift thank you .
 It is one of the best hand moisturizer that I have used . It not greasy and yet it crates a very lasting effect . Highly Recommend !
 WORKED AWESOME !!!!!! did n't run at the anime convention . I did n't have to color my hair , just spray on a light blonde . it survived from 10 am to 8 pm that day . On this day i was on a hot convention floor , worked out , drove to the skit location -LRB- it did n't run in the car -RRB- , and swam . it came out of my hair , mostly , in the poolkc
 This product is a must have to tone hair when wearing blonde Irish Dance wigs . The Platinum shade neutralises Gold shades of blonde and lightns brunettes -- when wearing a blonde wig . This product is great for either touching up the poof when wearing a full wig or toning the back and front with a bun wig . This Platinum shade is always hard to find at feiseanna and shops . Happy to have a reliable source !!
 This is the only product that works for my curley hair . I have loose curles that frizz horribly . This coats the hair and allows my waves and curles to shine .
 I have what I call `` wild Irish hair '' . Lots of curl but the curl turns to frizz the moment there is humidity in the air . Citre Shine keeps that frizz tamed , brings shine to the hair . I hope I can always buy this product . NOTHING else worked !
 LOVE this anti- frizz product . Does NOT weight down my curly hair - but does keep frizz to a minimum ! Only problem was that I got a defective pump on the bottle .
 Great de-frizzer without making your hair heavy or greasy . Performs as well as any &#34; high-end &#34; product at a fraction of the cost . Will definitely buy this again -LRB- and again , and again -RRB- !
 Thank you Tucci for having my item to me by the estimated ship date . . the price was great ... service even better ... I Love shopping with AMAZON.COM ... more bang for your buck . . matrix smells great . I am already putting together my order for next month -LRB- JUNE -RRB-
 Although this was a pricey item -LRB- it would have been half as much from the manufacturer -RRB- it will last forever.My husband was given one from a high end store for his 14th birthday and it is in still good condition 40 years later . He 's wanted a new one for quite some time and it took a while to actually find it.The old one is still used as an alternative in our RV , but he 'll never need one again.Kent has proved their quality and kudos to `` The Grooming Lounge '' for still carrying it .
 They say that you should include this hairbrush in your will and I certainly agree . It is a bit expensive to purchase but these brushes last forever - or just about that long . The `` soft '' bristles are not soft like a baby brush but soft compared to other adult hairbrushes . The packaging is beautiful as it comes in its own flip-top box with a ribbon hanger at the top . I am so glad I bought this hairbrush as I know it will be used with pleasure .
 Beautiful construction . Perfect bristles for my natural tonsure . See headline for the best endorsement I can provide . -LRB- This thing requires more words . What is wrong with succinct ? -RRB-
 I have thinning , brittle hair . I also have a thick , well-trimmed beard . I needed a brush that is gentle on my fragile scalp , yet effective on my fuller face hair . The bristles on this brush are perfect for the job . In addition , I love the sense of timeless quality -- the brush sits in the hand beautifully , the wood feels like an heirloom piece . I travel for business frequently , and this product 's value is so good , I bought two , one that I keep in my suitcase and one that I keep at home .
 It made the man in my life feel very special . Shipment was fast and packing was as elegant as the brush
 THE ORIGINAL BRUSH -LRB- I HAD ORDERED IT BY NUMBER -RRB- WAS NOT TO MY LIKING - THE COMPANY , NOT ONLY EXCHANGED SAID BRUSH , DID IT WITH GRACE , EASE AND SENT ANOTHER BRUSH . THE SECOND BRUSH WAS LESS MONEYTHAN THE FIRST AND THEY SENT A REFUND FOR THE DIFFERENCE . THEY ARE A CLASS ACT .
 This hairbrush is well made of top quality components . It feels good in my hand and does an excellent job of brushing my -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- thinning hair . Worth the price , it should last forever . My other Kent brush is now 20 years old and looks new . A bit pricey , but well worth the investment .
 This is the best hairbrush I have ever seen ! Bought one for myself at The Art of Shaving , and bought the second thru Amazon for my son .
 This is an exceptional brush . The best I have found . I have used these brushes for decades . They are not easy to find and are expensive , but well worth it and well made . Great as a complection brush and for thinning hair or tender scalp .
 Does the job it 's designed for very well . I have fine hair . I keep it cut slightly short , between clipper # 3 and 4 -LRB- closer to 3 in summer , 4 in winter -RRB- . The brush is very soft and goes through my hair gently and evenly . I see maybe one or two hairs in the sink at most . A little product , some brushing and I 'm done . That 's about all I can ask for .
 Excellent , soft for older men which is stated . Also bought the Kent Made Pocket comb which is beautifully made . It made a great gift . Will buy another when the time comes !
 Kent is the manufacturer of the best quality brushes . No finer brushes can be found for men or women . Very good value .
 It 's a quality product , but very expensive . It was n't as soft as I had hoped.I do n't think I would buy it again .
 This lipgloss is a perfect subtle pink shade , it goes on sheer and glossy - no heavy color . I have an olive skintone and the sheer color really makes my lips pop ! I believe it 's a very versatile pink that comes out natural and enhances lip color . The packaging is sleek and cool , it has a sweet candy scent , and one tube has lasted me a very long time .
 my hairdresser told me to use this for my extentions that get really dry . It worked . I put it on wet or dry hair . Sometimes I leave it on to really moisturize my hair .
 I love this stuff . I recommend it for weak nails . In about a week , your nails will be stronger ; longer !
 An incredibly luxurious treat . And the scent makes you want to grab a spoon - yummy !
 I bought a small sample of this product for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she loved it so much , I bought her the big 8oz jar for her birthday . Now she can pamper herself without rationing her cream to make it last . She says it 's the best moisturing cream she 's ever used . Enough said .
 I loved the smell -LRB- almond -RRB- of this cream . It was like being at the spa ! I felt this cream really helped my dry hands and legs after taking a shower . This item would make a wonderful gift !
 Eucerin Dry Skin Therapy Plus lotion is the answer if you have moderate to severe dry skin . Once applied , your skin feels moisturized throughout the day and night and there is no need to reapply . Skin no longer feels tight and flaky . I would defiantly recommend this lotion of you have dry skin . Eucerin rocks !
 I got a sample of this in my hospital 's diabetes control class -- tried it and loved it . It has no fragrance ; moisturizes beautifully ; and drives itching away . What a relief !
 This is a very good product for my skin . I previously ordered 3 bottles , I will re-order when needed.Many thanks , Guy
 I have dry skin and have used several different moisturizers , but no other lotion has made me think , `` Wow I ca n't believe how soft and smooth my skin is !! '' My boyfriend who over the past 4 years has never commented on my skin said , `` Your skin is really soft . What have you been doing ? '' after I started using this lotion .
 Great fragrance ... very satisfactory transaction.I always prefer ordering from Amazon.com because more than likely they will have what I need.Thank you !
 This is the best fragrance I 've ever used and the price is unbelievable ! This Fragrance will also make for an Awesome gift !
 Es un perfume que dura en la piel . Lo coloc&oacute; en las ma & ntilde ; anas y puedo pasar todo el d&iacute;a sin que se altere su Fragacia . Es mi favorito . Me encanta
 This is my favorite scent ever ! It came in time for Christmas with plenty of time for gift wrapping , too .
 Bvlgari never disappoints . Omnia is a beautiful fragrance
 This perfume is so beautiful . It 's a slightly heavier fragrance that is both woody with an almost oriental floral . It 's so different to any other fragrance I 've smelt and the bottle is so cute . This is definately a Winter perfume and I love the staying power . I can still smell it later in the day even if I applied it at 8.30 am . I get a lot of comments on it and I do n't get tired of it at all.If you are someone who likes a slightly heavy perfume that is a mix of a sandlewoody woodsy smell along with florals , then this is for you . I ca n't compare it to any other perfume , but I enjoy the fact that this smells so unique . I truly love this .
 I 've had this brush for the past year and a half , with no problems . It 's a very good brush , very well constructed , with a comfortable rubberized grip . Not the biggest fan of red , but hey , it 's a brush . I 've kept it in my headset drawer at work , and while all other brushes have had massive static problems from being in that drawer , this Cricket does the trick.My daughter uses theCricket Mini Fast Flo Static Free , which is the same brush only smaller , great for purses and vehicle consoles/glove compartments . It 's the only vent brush that she will use , since the others tend to hurt and tear out bits of her very long hair .
 This is the only brush that I use to brush out my wet hair . It gets the tangles out better than any other comb or brush . I use it for my daughter 's hair , also and it get the tangles out of her fine , long hair . We are always searching the house for it once we wash our hair . We need to order more !
 Although I just received this brush , It 's excellent to use while blowdrying your hair . The jury is still out on it 's durability .
 Great hair brush . I bought one in a local store and could not keep it away from my daughter . I could not find it in stores , so I ordered more online . The vendor filled the order , and I received them right away .
 Finally , my wife found a brush that wo n't cause static while drying . It has vents for water and air to get through and keeps static low enough that you can comb without having new obstacles or shocks .
 I recently went to the beauty salon to have my hair done and after the beautician was finished I told her that I needed to purchase a new hair brush too so , I looked through the large selection of hair brushes they had , and found the Fast Flo Cricket . I went home , and tried it out and I must say that `` I 'm so happy that I found the Fast Flo Cricket hair brush ! '' I thought to myself `` is this hair brush for real ? '' It does n't hurt when I brush my hair anymore , and even my scalp likes it ! It feels so good ! I ca n't believe I 've lived all of these years and never owned a Cricket ! It is truly the best brush I ever owned , and I thank the Cricket company for making it.Thank you , Nancy
 I had one of these brushes for about 15 years and the handle finally broke . I was excited to find another one on Amazon and ordered it . It is even better than the first one . Love the anti-static feature of these brushes and the non-slip rubber on the handle . It is very dry in Arizona and there is lots of static , so this brush works great .
 I have fine hair that seems to pick up static electricity easily , when I use the blow dryer in the wintertime . I 've bought a lot of brushes that claim to reduce static but have n't worked -- this one does !
 I have been using this hairbrush for years . This the second one the I have replaced . Just love the handle . Bought two this time .
 I just noticed that the rubber handle on this fabulous brush is starting to show serious wear . I 've had this brush and have used it regularly for 22 years ! Yes , I use it for blow drying my hair . I also use it when I am coloring my hair . At an end stage I can use this brush to pull the color through . It 's strong enough and gentle enough to do the job.I was a bit concerned that , since I 'd had mine so long , that I might not be able to find another . Happily , it still exists . Great brush .
 Works very well . Good size and easy to handle . Would order again . I have recommended it to friends and family .
 I have used this brush for over 20 years after purchasing the first one from my hair stylist . I am now buying my third brush . Yes , it does hold up that well , and great for long or short hair .
 I 've used this brush for at least ten years ; I ca n't remember not having it . I am now on brush # 2 in ten years ! My hair is light brown , thick , slightly course and frizzes in the rain . I 've had my hair waist length to chin length . I finally had the idea to look for the Cricket online , since I only find it in stores occasionally . This is the only brush I 've used for combing out tangles , blow drying gentle curls , styling or just plain brushing . The most important features of this brush are the flat base -LRB- curved brushes create problems -RRB- , the widely spaced and flexible bristles -LRB- makes all the difference on combing out wet hair -RRB- , and the wide vents -LRB- they allow this brush to be used in place of a round styling brush , which only creates tangles in my hair -RRB- . Try it and you will toss your other brushes !
 I bought this as a gift for my sister who was thrilled . She has an arsenal of scents but this is her all time favorite . I 'm old enough to know it 's a classic . I as a man do not know much beyond that but as an Amazon customer I was particularly impressed with the always reliable service in terms of ordering and delivery which was very prompt .
 I think it is deceptive to show a picture of the metal container when what you 're going to ship is in a glass bottle . I know it says that the packaging may be different , but the difference between perfume in a metal container and perfume in a glass bottle is almost a different product . I was very disappointed .
 This scrub is very gentle and does n't irritate my skin like some other scrubs do . I use this once a week and my skin immediately feels unbelievably smooth ! The texture of the scrub is also very pleasant .
 I have owned this product for a couple of years and absolutely love it . It has two sides ... medium and fine ... and you first use the medium on your heels and then finish with the fine side . I used to have terrible trouble with my heels cracking , especially in the summer when I wear sandals . I 've had no trouble since using this product . I highly recommend it .
 This is the only callus that works on me . Fast service and good prices .
 NOT a gloss . Not for Barbie . This is grown up stuff . I have it in both Indian Red and Sayonara . Sayonara is a very nice true pink - a bit of brown in it that prevent it from looking like a 12 year old and best of all - no glitter or frost . Indian Red is what it sounds like , a dark , earthy red , deep enough to warrant some guts to pull it off.These stains are n't as long wearing as some products , but they are so light - so heavily pigmented , they allow for control . Meaning , you can have a light or heavy hand with them - and even put them over or under other products easily .
 This lip stain is just a nice subtle lip color . I do not like bold colors on my lips and would recommend this product for those who feel similarly . It also wo n't clump or make your lips crack like other lip stains . It will also stay on for hours.It will stay on even after a meal which is unusal for similar products . It will last for a very long time too ; so it is a really good investment . It is a must a have . This color looks good on everyone and will match almost any ensemble .
 Works great and very effective . Have tried many other products and I like this the best of all of them so far , not very thick like vaseline .
 This glycerin cream is fantastic . It does a wonderful job of softening dry skin . Use it on cuticles and elbows and am very satisfied with it .
 The fastest absorbing cream out there . This stuff just penetrates the skin yet provides an outer coating to repel the outside elements . I do n't know how they do it ! The smell is a bit medicinal , but very faint.The best travel cream ever . I have this in my purse and use it all the time , especially in the winter time.Thank you for supplying this !
 product was excellent didnt like the way it was shiped it came in three diffrent pkg . charged for shipping 3 times . could haved been ship ` ed in the same box . if that is how youi ship no thanks for any other order 's Joye
 Wow ! This is a unique perfume that needs to be smelled in person to be truly appreciated . I 've NEVER smelled anything like this -LRB- with the exception that this perfume shares minor peachy characteristics with `` Dalissime '' . I bought this blind and am VERY happy with the purchase ! : o -RRB- At first spritz , I got citruses of every kind , lemon being the lead . Normally this would have turned me off but because of the plum , peach , raspberry , and pineapple , the sharpness of the citruses were tempered and sweetened . The non-citrusy fruits of this phase are perfectly blended . My nose could only pick up their presence , but could n't tell them apart.About 30 minutes later , the `` cool/fruity '' wetness completely vanished to reveal a warm , ambery heart . On my skin , the middle notes are lead by jasmine and rose ; a combination I LOVE ! Pineapple -LRB- lead -RRB- , peach -LRB- supporting -RRB- , and raspberry -LRB- minor role -RRB- are present here along with the florals . However , although it is not listed in the notes , there 's clearly cinnamon in this cocktail . -LRB- Where it distantly reminds me of the salty/citrusy/cinnamon characteristics of `` L de Lolita '' . -RRB- About 3 hours later , the pineapple , rose , jasmine , vanilla , tonka bean , amber , and sandalwood hummed warmly on my skin . The patchouli and cedar wood was curiously -LRB- and thankfully -RRB- absent.Sillage
 A fruity floral ? Not.With a citrus open , floral middle , & woody base , Laguna wears like an oriental , from top to bottom . It 's bright & fresh , not heavy & muddy , and it has a bit of powder in the heart . Laguna is similar to Roma on me , but without the strong vanilla , animalistic drydown & pine whispers.Laguna has a retro , vintage vibe . I do n't get the beach impression that others report . However , I do get a Mediterranean impression with a coastline in the distance , not front & center.Quite lovely & very under-rated , Laguna is by the great Marc Buxton and is sample-worthy for any oriental lover . However , more of an experience than a fragrance imo .
 When I first met my husband for the first time , we went to the Salvador Dali Museum in St. Petersburg , Florida . The gift shop had some testers for fragrance and when I tried Laguna my then boyfriend said I smelled delicious ! Say no more . Is n't wearing fragrance more to please those around us ? This fragrance is so fresh and long lasting I ca n't understand how they can call it an Eau De Toilette . It should be called perfume . I especially like to spray it on right before bed and when I wake up in the morning I can still smell this wonderful scent . By the way , right here they sell the tester version of this fragrance , so if you do n't care what the bottle looks like , I say to buy it . I discovered it after I placed my order , but know better for next time . This price is less than half of what it is sold for at stores anywhere , even online . Definitely try it .
 I used to love other Salvador Dali perfume when I was living in much colder climate . I bought this perfume based on reviews stating that the scent is fresh and clean . I guess , tastes are different . My opinion is that this scent is very alluring and exotic , but too intense for the warm climate . At least it 's true in my case . It will be ideal for people who love strong sweet/spicy fragrances .
 100 % responsable el perfumes me llego en buen estado volver&iacute;a con este vendedor aaaaaaaa bb c d n d r
 Wife 's fav bottle and its all she uses . A very light smell , does n't over power and I like it too . Also , the price here was almost half from the local mall rat perfume supplier , who said Salvador had discontinued this line of perfume . . hrrumpf
 This is a nice cream mask . Makes your face feel very hydrated after using . I use a few times a week and it has improved my complexion in the last month .
 Disclaimer
 I love this powder - I have used a lots of different foundations/powders , including Bare Minerals , and this is by far the best . It does not cake and it goes on smooth and very light , with shear coverage . It prevents my face from becoming oily all day , and has never caused me to break out -LRB- and I have very sensitive skin -RRB- . This size container usually lasts a long time too -LRB- several months for me -RRB- . My one complaint is that it does not travel well - once you open it after your luggage moves around , a ton of powder usually spills out , wasting product and creating a mess . A small complaint , however ...
 After trying nearly every face cream on the market in the last 10 years , I prepare for disappointment . But lo , I keep trying , and when I broke open the ` precious ' sample I got at a boutique in NYC , I thought , no way , it 's too perfumy , and the name is kind of silly , but after going through 3 samples , I 'm like Gollum from Lord of the Rings -LRB- `` MY PRECIOUS ! '' -RRB- . I 'm cringing at the price , but I got ta have this stuff . It 's the best face cream I 've used in many years -LRB- I hope the magic does n't run out by the end of the jar -RRB- . Btw , I 've been washing my face with Collective Wellbeing 's Detox soap -LRB- bar -RRB- , using a wash cloth and warm water , and it seems to be a great pair with `` precious '' cream . I have combination skin that is starting to age . I do n't worry about the lack of SPF because I use the Eminence Sun Defense powder wand after I moisturize -LRB- another expensive winner I discovered 4 years ago and ca n't live without -RRB- . At least the detox bar of soap is relatively cheap .
 This product is incredible , it really makes your skin soften and rested looking . My skin looks clear and feels much healthier when I use it . everyone I have recommended this cream to , loves it to !! Its great ! And smells so good , unlike any other anti-aging cream .
 For me , lacoste seems hit and miss . this however , is a very good scent . i had read about it here , and smelled it in real life recently . its much lighter and cleaner than i had expected . i guess the juniper -LSB- same berry they make gin with -RSB- is the cause.the price on amazon is much better than i saw . at these prices , its worth it in my opinion . 4 stars .
 Well is started wearing this cologne this year . Im a junior . I get compliments from many girls saying it smells really nice and ** sexy ** so buy it . Its great as long as you only use it wisely . -LRB- a little goes a long way -RRB-
 Great smelling and lasts a long time . Shipping was faster than what they said . I think that this is one of the best smelling colognes out there . I will be buying this again when I need more . Note
 My husband loves this perfume . I bought him the set a couple of years ago at Macy 's . We 've tried to purchased it again at Macy 's but I 'm thinking it 's discontinued , so when I found it online , I knew I had to surprise him with it for his birthday . He loves it . It got here right on time . The only reason why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it 's not the Eau De Parfum one . I ca n't seem to find that one . But I guess it 's the scent that counts .
 Im very picky wiht what kind of spray cologne i use and my first time i tried this specific one was about 2 years ago , b.c my firend gave it to me at that time and i loved it , its not too strong or too dull , its just right , and i like that about it . It keeps the scent fresh for a good while and even after several days the cloths still have a hint of it on them which is not bad beacuse it doesnt affect the clothing at all in a bad way , plus its a very mature/attractive/fresh / romantic type of scent ; I love it thats all I will endup saying . : -RRB-
 This deodorant is amazing . First off , it is very long lasting . I put it on in the mornning and in the evenning I can still smell it.I sweat a lot and used to live by cheap deodorants like axe , tag etc ; and by the middle of the day people would start to avoid me.Ever since I discovered this Lacoste deo , I 've only been getting compliments.It 's not to strong or stingy nor is it too sweet . It 's a real mans deo and goes well with business or casual wear . I strongly recommend it .
 The market for scents is wide and varied ; despite this , the Lacoste Pour Homme has become my de facto favorite for the following reasons : OBJECTIVELY1 . While its initial strength diminishes after half an hour , the scent will linger for the whole of a day , perhaps so that someone leaning in for an embrace or standing beside you on an elevator might catch it and remark upon it .2 . Of all the colognes it appears to be the only one that has n't made my skin or nose itch . Your mileage may vary . One spray to the hollow of your throat is enough if you keep your shirt collar slightly ajar .3 . It is a ` warm ' scent , reminiscent of Hugo Boss # 6 -- woodsy and lavender-ish -- but not as cloying . Muted , sweet , more natural than chemical.SUBJECTIVELYIf the scent had a personality it would be something of a professional , comfortably distinguished , emotionally stable , and possibly a whiskey enthusiast . It is not fast-paced nor cutthroat ; it will open doors for women , enjoy the excursions into wilderness , and on Sunday evenings , you might find it sitting by the fireplace with fine literature . It is a good-natured and kind-hearted scent.DISCLAIMER
 This one is hard to find since Lacoste split into several different scents leaving this one behind . Its absolutely incredible and you 'll get nothing but compliments . People will want to lie in bed next to you with their heads burried in your neck . I promise.Not sure about the sweaty guy who also reviewed this but he kept referring to it as deodorant . Its not . Its a cologne . Use your deodorant as you would normally and use this as a cologne .
 Used to steal this from my dad , now I can afford to buy it myself - it 's an excellent cologne . Does very well with the ladies too - you have my word on that .
 I just received my bottle today . I took it out of the package and it was hot ! Now those of you who are picky with how you store your cologne know that you do n't keep them in extremely warm places because it will dull down the fragrance . I know that after it leaves the seller that they are not responsible for what mother nature does . So I 've learned a lesson today , never buy cologne over the internet during summer . Next time I 'll wait for winter because colder temperatures are safe . You could even store your cologne in the fridge if you want . That 's what I 'm doing right now to try to see if I can salvage the scent . It 's not totally ruined but I 've purchased this many times before and found it to be way more powerful than it is right now .
 I purchased this as a gift for my boyfriend because I was in love with this scent . It is sexy yet clean at the same time . Its a great day and night scent and as far as I can tell it smells great on a lot of different people . If guys are looking for a good scent that is clean and ready for everyday wear this on is it !
 I love to smell this scent it smells so rich and sexy . My friend ** hey mike ** wears this and it sdo hott i love it please take my advice it is such a great everyone will love your scent and so will you .
 This cologne is long-lasting , unique and -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- reeks of professionalism . It 's a sexy , high class fragrance that fits any man with an edge of seductiveness about his charm .
 One of my guy friends had this cologne on & it smelled soooo good , i had to ask him what it was . Went to Amazon the next day & bought some for my boyfriend . i absolutely love this smell !!
 The perfume I ordered was exactly what I expected . It was the real deal and not a knock off . The price was competitive . The product arrived within the week . Overall , my experience with this buyer was fantastic ! Thanks !
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it ! Quick service and it smells excellent !
 I was very happy with the product LACOSTE EAU DE TOILETTE Spray . It is comparable to what is sold in upscale stores in the mall.My son will be very happy with this for a stocking stuffer as he is almost out of this particular brand.The scent of this is fantastic for any man in your life , be it your husband , son or a boyfriend ~
 Could not be happier with it . Went with it strictly on the reviews and was pleasantly surprised . Worth the price for sure .
 I have used this Lacoste cologne in the past but switched to Lacoste Essential scent because Macy 's no longer carried Pour Homme . It was nice to find Amazon still carried Pour Homme . I prefer this scent . It is different , the clean fresh scent is great . I work in an office and use it on a daily basis . It is not overpowering . The Amazon price was the best I found .
 Have been looking for this product and was not able to locate in my usual shopping places . Went straight to Amazon and there it was ; affordable and available .
 This cologne is not new to me . It is by far the best smelling men 's cologne there is ! It does n't stick too heavy and it stays on you ! If you want to smell great then you need a bottle of this stuff !
 I love this calogne and can not for the life of me get my boyfriend to expand his horizons and try a new scent . :-RRB- I would absolutely buy from this seller again !
 Wife loves it and everyone near me ... go for it if u want to smell good without being overwhelming . . good product quick shipping happy to deal with the seller . .
 Husband wears this scent , and we both like it!It is not too heavy , but you only need a little spray.Not overbearing like many others .
 Good price for size , mysterious and bold scent :-RRB- Great if you like a night time scent with a bit of spice
 Wish Lacoste had n't stopped making this line . It arrived as described . I 'll probably buy another one again soon , before there sold out
 I have a lot of trouble finding this scent and it was wonderful to be able to purchase it on line and at a reasonable price .
 My boyfriend used to wear this all the time , but we could n't find it in any store . It was nice to smell it on him again !
 Este art&iacute;culo es muy bueno , yo qued&eacute; muy satisfecho con &eacute;sta compra , creo que la relaci&oacute;n costo-beneficio es excelente , por lo tanto recomiendo este producto .
 Great product !! Has always been my favorite . Awesome scent at value pricing ! Shipped very fast and exactly as described . Will order again . Thank you .
 My husband loves Lacosta pour Homme . Some of the reviews I read indicated it may not be the real thing . Believe me , had it NOT been the real thing , hubby would 've let me known since he 's been using it for years . I did not expect it to be boxed because it was a `` tester . '' It came nicely boxed . I ordered this only four days before Christmas with a delivery date of December 29th . That was going to be fine because his birthday is in January . But , it was delivered on the 24th , thus he got another Christmas gift . I 'd buy it again online because I saved approximately $ 20.00 doing so . Thank goodness for Amazon !!
 It was just what I ordered . The service was fast and easy . Used PayPal and I received it when it said I would ...
 My husband 's -LRB- and mine -RRB- favorite cologne . It has such a nice scent , not too strong and just a super nice smelling cologne .
 I have used Bobbi Brown products , and this brush in particular , for years . I previously bought them all from the Bobbi Brown website , but when my dog chewed the last of my stash of these , I thought I would check to see if Amazon had them -LRB- duh , Amazon has everything these days , I swear ... -RRB- . This item is the same price as at the Bobbi Brown site , and shipping was about the same cost.I use this brush for blush , bronzer , mineral base , powder , sometimes even eye shadow . It really is the best brush I 've ever used . -LRB- I do n't know if they have it here , but the BB brush cleaner product also rocks ... -RRB-
 they 're great ! they 're long and thick enough to give you a little `` boom '' if that 's the look you 're trying to achieve , and they 're not too gaudy . the only thing is that you 'll probably have to trim the part that 's closest to the innermost portion of your eyes for a more natural look .
 These lashes are very natural looking and make my lashes look much , much fuller . My sister always buys MAC eyelashes , but these end up looking just as good for a fraction of the price .
 These lashes are great ! They do n't look too gaudy or fake . The only downside is that they do n't last 3 weeks . Maybe 2 to 3 wears and they 're done because the glue does n't come off of them , even with the remover .
 I have been wearing lashes for a number of years and these are very easy to apply and are very durible .
 If you learn how to put them on the right way -LRB- which requires a couple of tries -RRB- they look very natural and beautiful . Make sure you get the inner angle right and use a good glue otherwise they can sometimes start to peel off after they 've been on for a few hours . In my experience they are as good as MAC other than the fact that MAC ppl put them on very professionally .
 They were perfect for my Baby Doll cosplay I loved how big they made my eyes look very beautiful product indeed and I can always reuse them for next time !
 I 've already used the 120 's before , but I would always buy them at my local beauty supply store . So when I found these on Amazon I was really excited . They were packaged well and I have nothing to complain about them . You ca n't beat the price but the shipping was just a little much . Overall , I would most def repurchase !
 I ca n't wear mascara because it leaves dark circles under my eyes -LRB- no matter what brand I try ... -RRB- , so I decided to try these fake lashes for a friend 's wedding . I love them ! They look very natural , not too long , not to think or dense , they just give your eyes that extra `` omph '' . I like that they 're made from real hair as well.Applying them can be tricky at first . You 'll probably have to trim them a little . Then I apply a generous amount of glue at my lash line , then on the strip of the fake lashes . I wait about 30 seconds to let the glue get tacky , then I slide them on and tap them into place . I cover any gaps between my real lashes and the fake ones with eyeliner -LRB- you could also apply the liner first -RRB- . It takes a little practice , but once you have it down , it 's second nature.Definetely recommend !
 I just love the Ardell # 102 , they 're really similar to the ones I always use from Mac , but at a cheaper price and work just as good .
 I love these lashes . No store by my home carry these lashes . They look so real and are easy to apply .
 These were for my mom . She now has an inexpensive source besides the local store .
 We Almost always buy Ardell lashes . My daughter wore them in a photo shoot in a magazine . Not sure I can say the name here but it is the number after sixteen . Great product and we buy it both at Amazon and in brick and mortar stores .
 The eyes of a deer . Very beautiful , not overtly fake . They look especially perfect in photos . I have very short natural eyelashes , and although I am well maintained I 'm not high matanance . I did n't want something that would look fake . The outer edges are a tiny bit to long , but other than that so nearly perfect . Also , very easy to put on , and that 's saying something as I demolished my first pair in attempting to do so .
 What a pleasant surprise this product was ! I expected it to feel like a toner on the skin , and not much else , but found it does much more.First , it gently cleanses -LRB- I used it on cotton balls -RRB- , and leaves a nice , moisturized feel.The description on the bottle says it leaves a radiance to the skin , and I was skeptical about that claim , but the glow that comes after using it , well , it 's radiance!The moisturizing results are good as well.I will say that if you wear very heavy makeup , you might need more than this to cleanse your face . But even then , I think it would make a nice `` second step '' in the cleansing process , one which will do more than an ordinary toner would .
 Product came fast and in perfect order . Smells wonderful.Sweet and sexy at the same time.Can ' t wait to go out and try this on for size .
 I picked this up as a giveaway at a spa in my building . The smell is just wonderful ! We only buy gifts for the kids and my parents at Christmas but I am picking up a couple of these for my sister-in-law and sister .
 OPI leaves your skin feeling super soft ! Vanilla Spice is nice , but if you are looking for a really nice spice scent , try the OPI Gingerbread or the OPI Pumpkin Butter . Beauty for Ashes Boutique website still carries some of these discontinued and rare items !
 I think that the other reviewers are missing the point and being very hopeful . First , the description clearly states that these are SOAPS -- not crayons . Second , I do n't think it 's fair to complain that the soaps did n't provide `` hours '' of fun in the tub . Who leaves their kids in the tub for `` hours '' at a time , anyway!For us , these are great soaps . The little ones around here think they 're fun because they are very fragrant and the colors make the bath water tinted . Frankly , for me , anything that keeps them in the tub longer makes my job of getting them clean easier!I like these soaps a lot and the little ones do too ! You should also try the bubble bath . That 's a BIG hit around here . All the Canus products are ...
 I have not been able to get Mat in so long And I love It so Thanks so much Amozon
 So glad to find this ! Crisp and unsung Classic fragrance that has been around since 1946 . Nouveau Moderne mid 20th century nostalgia . Citrusy , woodsy .
 When I visited Parish in 2007 with a friend , I asked family what they wanted me to bring back and my mom asked about Ma Griffe . She had received it several years back from an old family friend . When I came back from Paris , I presented it to her ; She told me last year , she had very little left and while on Amazon , I just happened to type in Ma Griffe and decided to buy it for her . She was surprised and so was I to know that it could be ordered so easily . I would have made the trip back to Paris to get it for sure . But I wanted her to have it now . Very satisfied .
 I placed two orders for this product . One I had sent to me and the other to my aunt in another state . Both arrived on time and in great condition .
 The scent is just what I can handle . I ca n't use heavy or smelly perfumes and this one is soft and delicate . I got few compliments .
 I was delighted to find Ma Griffe available from Amazon . It was my fragrance of choice when I first met my husband 41 years ago and it is still lovely to wear . Light and fresh . Love it !
 I live in the tropical portion of the states and the climate requires a light but lasting fragrance ... when paired with a tube of ma griffe perfumed body lotion by Carven , Ma Griffe by Carven for Women Body Lotion , 5-OunceI was pleased to find that the scent lasted much longer ...
 I used MaGriffe in the 70 's and just loved the scent . Unfortunately , it was off the market for quite sometime . When I discoverd it again , I immediately purchased it . Hope this items stays a long time . It is just wonderful !!!
 This is my wife 's favorite purfume . Hard to find at reasonable prices . Often you are required to special order this outstanding purfume at higher prices . I am counting on Amazon to continue to carry this purfume and save me the trouble of hunting all over town for it .
 My sister has loved this perfume since it was first launched/introduced by Elizabeth Arden in the early ' 90 's . While I purchased this for her as a gift ; the fragrance is flattering , summery and is a bold , warm , floral -LRB- floral without being `` flowery '' -RRB- that lasts all day and is n't too strong . The gift-set is nice - large spray , and generously sized body lotion and cream cleanser for layering . I would recommend to anyone who loves Sunflowers or for anyone looking for a great gift for a woman who likes a warm floral fragrance .
 I 'd used Sunflowers for many years and have n't been able to find it until recently on Amazon . The price was great , the containers are full size and the scent is as wonderful as I remember . It arrived ahead of schedule was well packaged and I 'm very happy with my purchase . Thanks so much !
 Very nice gift set . Arrived as promised . Very satisfied with purchase.Had purchased for a Christmas Gift and was nicer than any other sets Ihad looked at in stores .
 Great bubbles and beautiful scent ! Strong lavender aroma in case anyone does n't care for that . Otherwise I recommend it very much !
 I have been using this bronzer for several years . It gives you a sun-lovin look without the sun-causing negatives of wrinkles and cancer . I use it daily without fail .
 A lot of people wonder what the fuss is about this bronzing powder , and I can answer that . I 've tried so many bronzing powders and not one has looked natural on me . They just sit there until I finally throw them away . I actually just gave up on bronzing powders until I bought this one . I am a make-up junkie and have tried so many different kinds of cosmetics from low to high end . Bobbie Brown bronzer is the best I have come across . The pigment is very rich and warm , no orange tones at all . I love that this bronzer is NOT shimmery in any way . This is amazing and it lasts forever.This is a lightweight powder bronzer -- it 's your secret to achieving a sun-kissed look without suffering the damaging effects of the sun . A special polymer in the lightweight , mica-free formula helps to bond the powder to the skin for a smooth , even application of color . I Use a bronzer brush , sweep the powder on the apples of the cheeks , forehead , nose , and chin -- the places the sun naturally hits the face . If needed , apply to the neck to balance color between the face and the body.Highly Recommended . prisrob 01-16-13
 I do n't wear a lot of make-up , but now swear by this stuff ! I brush on a light coat over my foundation every day and it looks wonderful . Not too tan , but just right . It seems to be lasting a long time too . LOVE THIS !
 this is my favorite bronzer . i 'm fair to medium complexion . i first purchased the natural , then i purchased the light . i think i like the natural better , it does n't seem as ` dark ' which seems odd to me that it looks darker on my skin - but the natural seems to blend better . this has no shimmer in it and does not cause break outs .
 Like it very much . Need only a little bit and on those pale days in Washington state you sure need something in the winter . It lasts forever !
 It 's a great product period ! It does n't not leave an orange haze and looks very natural . Bobbi brown as a whole makes great products !
 This is a great bronzer ! Well worth the price . I would recommend it for any girl who does not want to look shimmering with cheap bronzers
 I am very pale & Bobbi Brown 's bronzer in light is the only bronzer I can wear . It 's awesome ! I have been wearing it everyday for 6 months and still have plenty of product . What I do n't understand is why it 's $ 59 on Amazon when it is only $ 35 everywhere else .
 I would n't know what to do without this product . My hair has thinned out alot , due to age , I guess lack of hormones , whatever . This product covers and fills where the hair is missing . People tell me I have thick hair , go figure!If you have thinning hair , do yourself a big favor and buy this product . I 'm not sure how it would work on thin , straight hair , my hair is short and spikey .
 This is a universally flattering color . Love Bare Minerals/Escentuals . Purchase a good quality eye shadow brush and apply sparingly . It stays all day . Careful not to spill-as it is a loose powder .
 Pros : * Has helped calm and sooth my psoriasis and eczema * Only 9 Ingredients , all of which i can pronounce * Smells great * Has a nice grit to it * it sooths my irritated skin -LRB- have to list it twice , its the only soap i 've used so far that has been able to make it feel better -RRB- Cons : * It would n't hurt maybe to have a little more cinnamon in it to give it a little more smell . But why mess with something i 'd consider close to perfect .
 If you like smooth soap , this may not be the product for you . However , if you like the exfoliating feeling of little granules in the soap , as I do , then this soap is awesome ! In addition to the `` scrubby '' feeling , it does n't have an overpowering scent . It just smells pleasant and gets you clean . At the end , it rinses away completely and leaves your skin feeling fantastic ! I highly recommend this product .
 I was very satisfied with this purchase . It was exactly what I wanted and it arrived very promptly .
 I brought this soap for me and my daughter who suffer from ance . Her face looks alot better after just a few days and my skin feel very soft . i love this product and would recommend this for a good cleansin .
 I tried this product in Israel and did n't have enough suitcase room to bring home as a gift . It is great .
 I 've been using this for about a week and I have noticed that my skin is noticeably smoother . No I do not work for the company . I purchased this soap since it was more than half the price of the more popular version of the dead sea mud soap . I will be purchasing a few more bars of this as I do believe this product is well made and good for your skin .
 I have tried MANY different soaps for my eczema on my face and nothing seems to work including steroids which i now refuse to use . I heard this type of soap is good for eczema and psoriasis . I started using this as my daily face soap and within a few days my skin was soft and nearly free of eczema . I did not find it to be gritty at all .
 This Dead Sea Mud soap is WELL WORTH the price that you pay . It works just as good as some of the more expensive brand names that I have bought in the past , that cost three times as much as One with Nature 's ! Thanks ... Love it!Shannon Little
 I tried a few different ` Dead Sea ' soaps for my psoriasis because I read that it could be helpful . This one is definitely my favorite . I like the slight cinnamon smell and also the feel of it . It is not too scratchy at all . The best thing is how it feels afterwards . It really softens the skin and makes my psoriasis less dry and flakey . Where most soaps tend to aggrivate my psoriasis this soap really seems to help soothe it . Compared to some of the other dead sea soaps I 've tried this is also more affordable . I would definitely recommend this to someone with psoriasis or similar skin conditions .
 This is a great soap , it is very cleansing yet gentle . I like to take cold showers a lot and it still lathers well under the cool water -LRB- many soaps do not -RRB- . I 've been using it for a few weeks , and already suggested it to a few friends .
 This EDT is a true jasmine scent , a much fresher and realistic one than Elizabeth Arden 's similarly-named version . I found Arden 's Green Tea to be too harsh and heavy on the musk and too light on the florals . Plus , given the price -LRB- $ 24.99 for Arden 's EDT -RRB- there is little chance that Arden 's version could even be made with real jasmine . I suspect synthetic substitutes , especially since the fragrance is not a real floral note.L ` Occitane 's The Vert au Jasmin , on the other hand , is a delightfully light jasmine fragrance . True florals are not known for their longevity , but this EDT lasted throughout the day . Never overwhelming , feminine , natural , with a decided green note , this EDT is a great everyday fragrance that is not too overpowering .
 Would have liked to have box to be able to wrap the perfume in , but no big deal . Still a great smell .
 This Venitian fragrance is sublime ! yes it comes from Venice , la serinesima , the serene city of the Adriatic . like Venice it is mysterious , enigmatic , and enticing . It carries an air of dignity that is never far from whimsy , as regal as the Doges palace yet ready to don a carnival mask . It is pure magic with a little Italian drama thrown in for good measure . Bellisima!It pops like champagne on its opening with green apple and grapefruit which is the party that everyone wants to join . Then it changes to its serious nots of sandal wood amber musk and oak moss and Vetiver . This is the ellegant refined and very Italian center of this fragrance . In the dry down comes the romance and mystery created with the entrance of the rose , lily of the valley and the violet leaf . These Three beauties flirt from a festooned gondola as it drifts into a dark canal with a promise to return . and return you will to this incredible scent.A decent silage that never shouts , it is subtle and confident . The scent stayed on my skin around seven hours.Five gold Venitian Lions *****
 very nice and distinct refreshing scent . a good price and good value . i recommend this for anyone and would gladly buy it again .
 I use these pads every day for effortless removal of long lasting lip color such as Cover Girl Outlast , Revlon Colorstay Overtime and Max Factor Lipfinity . The pads are very thin and are saturated with an oil-based liquid.They are also good for removing waterproof mascara , but they do leave oily residue around the eyes . For that reason , when I wear regular non-waterproof mascara , I prefer to take it off with the other formula of Almay eye makeup remover pads that are non-oily . Both of these Almay products are great for travel as they are lightweight , thin and you can put several pads in a zip-lok baggie without taking up much space at all . I 've used both formulas for many years and am very happy with them .
 THIS IS THE BEST EYE MAKEUP REMOVER I HAVE EVER USED . I WEAR WATERPROOF MASCARA WHICH CAN BE VERY DIFFICULT TO REMOVE . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IT IS VERY MOISTURIZING TO THE EYE AREA , SO YOU DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT PULLING OUT EYELASHES WHILE YOU ARE REMOVING YOUR EYE MAKEUP . I PERSONALLY LIKE THIS ONE BETTER THEN THE OIL FREE ONE .
 When I first opened the container and saw how small these pads were I was like uhhh this is not going to work for me ! ... But these little pads pack a punch ! . . lol . . They easily remove mascara and even false lashes slide off with ease ! This may not work for some people but it works for me ! . . The pads are super gentle and does not irriate my eyes like some other products have in the past ! . . I have super dry skin and I love how my face looks after I use these pads . . I 'll remove my make up with the Almay Moisturizing Pads then I rinse my face with luke warm water and my skin glows ! ... Love Love this product !!!
 I purchased the travel size of this fragrance as a trial size . It is light and delicate but still has a discernible pleasant scent . Men and women have complimented me when I 've worn this , which is interesting . I was about to buy the larger size on Amazon , and then realized -LRB- by a simple Google search -RRB- that there is a L'Occitane boutique near me . I 'd never heard of this brand before , but I 'm glad I discovered it . The reason I may not have known about the brand is because I generally do not veer from my ` staple ' scents
 I 've never purchased a fragrance before . Frankly , I usually find them outright repulsive . But , I found this one in the bathroom on an Asiana flight recently , and really liked it . It smells nice without being overpowering . I remembered the name , and ordered it here on Amazon -- seems to be the same product . It is kind of expensive , though , so you probably want to check it out before you part with $ 50 !
 This product is amazing . I have short , weak nails that tear very easily . I have been using this product for a month and now I have strong , long nails . I will continue to use this product and recommend and share with my friends and family . Thank you L.A for creating a great product .
 I have to say that I was a little skeptical about aveeno products I thought they were over priced and over rated because one time I bought the anti itching lotion DID NOT WORK see no results whatsoever and also the one that stops your hair from growing SEE NO RESULTS either but I bought this product and I am very very happy not only kills my acne within 24 hours but my skin looks lighter I 've noticed how little by little my acne scars are disappearing I AM SO HAPPY I had to share this and I do n't usually write reviews but I am very happy I have acne and I have tried many many things out there , and let me tell you this one is only $ 2.80 at Wal-Mart so I said for the price -LRB- after spending thousands on different other medications including doctors -RRB- I said I have nothing to lose and OMG I am so glad I did because it really works for me I am on my 1 month already and now I use the complete line VERY HAPPY VERY !!!!! Oh I also got the anti wrinkle LOVE IT ALSO !!!
 I first picked these up in Pic N Save years ago because they were so cheap -LRB- possibly past due date -RRB- , but I found that they are THE BEST travel item if you are picky but also require convenience . Great for on the road vacations
 Easy , convenient , especially while travelling or while having to juggle more than one kid at the same time . However , this previously widely available product is no longer available anywhere else except here , which is a pain when you run out or are travelling .
 I got these as a gift and when I ran out , I bought 10 boxes of them ! Now that my daughter is 3 , I do n't use them anymore , but they 're perfect for very lil ' ones . The soap is mild and never bothered my daughter 's eyes and does n't leave a noticeable residue in bathwater . Also , I often got more than one use out of these because there 's plenty of soap on each one to wash body and hair more than once .
 I love these disposable washcloths ! We travel quite a bit with our 2 year old and 3 month old , and these are a must . They can be used to wash both hair and body for both of our kids . They are easy to pack -LRB- no baby wash or shampoo leaking in the luggage -RRB- and are so convenient to use . I also used them when my babies were newborns because they are really gentle . -LRB- Hint
 I 'm a nurse and I use contact lenses , so I wash my hands frequently , and I ca n't live without liquid soap . I like it better than bar soap for handwashing purposes because it 's more sanitary
 I had order 2 bottles of perfume . I checked to make sure items were indeed in stock . I was told they were ! I continued with placing my order . Several days later they told me they were sorry , but they no longer had the items I ordered would I like the same perfume , but inplain bottles . So they said they would replace my order with 2 plain bottles of the same perfume . Then again a few days later they informedd me that only 1 bottle was available . I needed them for gifts and this was not the way to run a business . I was given a credit for the original purchase , so at least they only charged for item that was shipped . Disappointing !
 This MD Forte Glycare II is like getting mini chemical peels daily ... I have oily skin from testosterone injections , this balances it out .
 The cologne smells pretty good , smell last a pretty decent time , and it comes in a cool bottle . The best part is the cologne is not too expensive .
 I purchased this cologne -LRB- perfume -RRB- directly from amazon , it did n't came in the box as the pictures shows ; if you 're buying it as a gift it may not work for you ; it comes in a clear plastic package , those that have the hole on top to hang them from the diplay . But it is the real thing and I love the smell and my friends love it too , for $ 14.00 I should n't be asking for more . if you really need the box -LRB- the box is n't really a big deal -RRB- you can pay the $ 17 from the other seller plus shipping . Not worth just for a box . Enjoy .
 This product does not smell masculine . It is somewhere in between a woman 's and man 's perfume . Take this as you will . If you want to smell manly , do n't buy it . It does have a hint of lavender after all ! : pMy husband likes it , though . Probably because I love it . Smells really nice and not at all overpowering for a men 's cologne . My only concern is that it does not seem to last long!For the price you really can not beat it , though .
 Excellent service ! The product was just as it was advertised , and very fast delivery . I would use this supplier again .
 Mitsouko was the first fragrance I wore as I saw myself as a woman , instead of a girl . I had borrowed my friend 's bottle frequently , so she wound up giving it to me and buying herself another bottle for herself . They do n't made bottles like that one often in current times . It was round and sort of flat . There was no cap ; instead it was sealed by a glass stopper that was round and triangular . Almost as hard to describe as the fragrance . I think they would call it a green scent now . It was not sugar and spice and all things nice . Instead , it was sensual , with an earthy , Asian scent . No other fragrance replicated it . I used it sparingly so that when I walked by , the fragrance would waft behind me . Using more would have taken too much of a good thing . It is still a fragrance that is not common . Ever afraid that I would run out of it or have only scent that had passed its best time to use it ... if I saw it for sale , I would buy a bottle -LRB- unless I had just purchased some -RRB- . A bittersweet thing : my mom was killed when my brother was still a teenager.Years before he had mentioned how the cologned always made him think of me . As I got off the airplane , I made sure that I had a fresh spray on so he would feel comforted . Scent has many powers .
 This scent smells like nothing I 've ever worn and I have over 200 bottles of perfume . The first night I got it I just sat on the side of the bed and smelled my arm . Its heavenly and divine . I 'm sorry I did n't buy it sooner .
 I just love this perfume - getting in such a timely matter and with such high and excellent customer service made all the difference to me ! Everywhere I go - People ask me , what perfume I am wearing and where I got it from . Usually I would have to go home to Germany to get it for an affordable price ... well no more - I 'll get it right here whenever I need it . Just wonderful !
 This is a unique fragrance , very complex , with a lovely dry down . It smells rich and the man in your life will like it . It is very clean , yet mysterious . After you sample Mitsouko , other johnny-come-lately fragrances will pale in comparison .
 I have worn this premium scent for a number of years and the availability over that time has swung wildly . This is a classic scent first introduced in 1919 . It is perfect as a signature scent , shared by few . Its age means that it is not easily recognized but always noticed with interest . The price and availability through Amazon now save me time and money . I hope this scent is never retired - I am hooked on the compliments .
 I have been a fan of Guerlain perfumes since my grandmother and her Shalimar . But , I seem to gravitate towards the rare , hard to find scents -LRB- aka EXPENSIVE -RRB- . I have love Mitsouko Perfume for years . But I 'm a teacher with a toddler so - expensive perfume is a faint memory of my single days!So to be able to get the scent in a EDT at an affordable price was awesome ! I kept waiting for the package to show up and be a little bitty tester bottle ! Ha ! But it arrived and looks exactly as pictured . Thanks for making a luxury item I could normally never dream of buying for myself - affordable.FYI - And my other favorite is Vol de Nuitt -LRB- sells for $ 185-500 -RRB- - can you get that in an affordable EDT version too ?!? Just had to ask !
 One little known fact is Jean Harlow 's favourite fragrance was the vintage scent Mitsouko by Guerlain . She is seen using this scent in her movie Dinner at Eight . Jean 's second husband Paul Bern was said to have doused himself in the fragrance shortly before committing suicide.Originally created for men and then later marketed for women and used by Jean Harlow!Excerpt from Now Smell This Contributor
 Buy this for your wife , or your loved one . It is the top of the line , without the outrageous prices ... when you buy this for the one you love , you will be buying it for yourself .
 I Love this scent . It arrived quickly . It was everything I anticipated . I would certainly order this product again .
 I admit it
 I 've been wearing this for 7 years and I love it . My skin looks great and everyone thinks I 'm younger than I actually am . The best is the price is much lower than it 's sold in Neiman Marcus or Saks . I definitely recommend this .
 Another fine Lancome product which I bought to enhance the perfume . It stays with you throughout the day and is not overpowering .
 Rusk Sensories Moisturizing Body Wash is wonderful . I was having problems with dry , itchy skin and breaking out on my back between my shoulders . Moisturizing soap made my back worse . I found this product when I stayed at a Condo rental in San Antonio . I went on-line to find where to buy it as soon as I returned home . Not easy to find but worth the trouble and cost -LRB- shipping is ridiculous -RRB- . I do n't itch and my back is n't breaking out anymore . Hope it works as well for you . I will continue using this product .
 I 've gotten Rusk lotion as a free sample in a variety of hotels and was so happy to discover I could buy it for my own home . It has a delicious and refreshing scent that I 've become addicted to .
 Very fresh orange aroma ; does n't leave a soap ring in tub . I love this soap and will order again and again !
 I love this product . It exfoliates and has oil in it to moisturize skin aswell . I just used this and it left my skin baby soft ! Maybe it is a little pricey , but this is one luxury i can afford . Also , i have extremely sensitive skin and there has been no irritation whatsoever . I am so impressed with this line of products . I have tried the shower gel , and lotion too ! Try it , you wont be disappointed .
 I wish this product was sold by the gallon . It is the BEST smelling exfoliant I have ever used . If you love dessert , but know you should n't be eating sugar , then this product is for you ! I get to rub this sugary stuff all over my body everyday in the shower . What a way to start the day .
 The absolute finest cologne ever made ! It 's ingredients like patchouli make it unique and it stays with you all day long . It 's a shame that Givenchy does n't still make it in big batches !
 My husband is very fussy about his cologne , and it careful to get the scent that he wants . This product fit the bill and was just right .
 Good enough for your face , discreet nice smell , excellent products not too foamy - one of my favorites shower gels ever .
 I love , love , love this product . The color is subtle and healthy looking and it does n't look overly done . I hope it is always available . I was delighted when I found this product on Amazon after the stores discontinued it .
 i have used this blush for a few years . it goes on very well and gives a beautiful , natural glow .
 This scent is hard to find , so getting it so timely and being what I was looking for made it a great purchase .
 I got this for my grandson about 3 years ago and he loved it . It 's held up real well for all the sword practice he has given it . It 's hard enough to feel like he 's holding something worth swinging but soft enough so that he wo n't bash me into the doctor . The point and edges are really blunt , no worries about lost eyes . A fun toy and a great price-buy 2 and start an armory .
 My 9 year old grandson was happy with the sword . He likes that it snaps intothe scabbard so it wo n't fall out and has a place to put a string through tofasten to his belt loop .
 Looks great . I bought two swords for my twins . For now both of swords are broken : -RRB- Can not hold side to side move . broken on connection place with handl. : -RRB-
 I gave this to my grandson and he immediately removed the sheath and tried making the sword longer . Once he gets a belt to hold the sheath , he will hang it at his side . My grandson played with the sword for an hour , never tiring of ways to use it . Sturdy , yet light weight .
 i love this sword even my neighbors wanted it it is hard and does not break easily if you want good quality then buy this you will love it it does come with a cover it ships really fast i was so excited when i got this i love it i have had it for a month and it is still in fine condition i reccomend buying this .
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson who 's really into Vikings right now . He has a horned helmet and now his sword to `` run off the bad guys '' . Great boys toy !
 Could n't ask for a better weapon to use in battle with my son . As Kyoshi once said , `` Parry is key , but weapon is everything . ''
 if you are looking for a light not to powering scent this is it.has a light fresh scent of fruit smell not over powering and good for people that have allergies.people just love this scent and i would recommend it highly !
 I love Goddess . I love gentle spicy scents . Goddess reminds me of L'Origan by Coty , popular in the past . I find Goddess to be a wonderful choice for me because I enjoy mild spicy scents so much.The only down side for me is that Goddess does not last very long on my skin . I wish there were more Goddess products by Marilyn Migdin.I am so glad I purchased Goddess because it is right for me.Ann Hanna
 This perfume is far and above my favorite perfume but not all that easy to find . I 'm very sensitive to lots of the other more popular brands , but this is one that does n't bother me at all and I love the scent .
 People who know me know that I am around or close by whenever they smell a trail of Obsession perfume somewhere near my home or office.I started using Calvin Klein 's Obsession when I was a freshman in college , back in 1992 , and have used it ever since . It 's served me extremely well the past 14 years as I love the way it smells.The scent is , in my perspective , strong but sweet . It is my favorite of the entire Calvin Klein collection , with Eternity a close second , and I buy it every chance I get whenever I 'm going perfume shopping.I highly recommend it - well worth your money and a fabulous scent to be wearing .
 What can I say ... this was a gift for a woman who wears this scent . I thought the pricing and delivery were great .
 Definitely one of my favorite fragrances . Also came with a tote and a free hand lotion , great added bonus . Great price and convenient to shop online .
 I have been wearing Obsession by Calvin Klein since it was first launched in 1985 , the year I first arrived in California . It seems I am one of those people forever stuck in a time warp and prefer this classic instead of trying new scents . While I prefer the eau de parfum spray I have both variations . Although at first this tends to have a strong aroma , this does n't last after being applied to your skin . I love the blend of vanilla , mandarin orange , peach and lemon that make up the scent of Obsession.My preference is more of a racy , provocative , alluring scent instead of brimming like flowers . With my skin irritations , asthma and allergies I have no problems with spraying my body parts with Obsession . The color is quite appealing , reminding me of Spiced Rum with the brown , amber and gold tones . Obsession cologne is suitable for both day and evening wear , indoors and outdoors and those luscious intimate settings.This is definitely a feminine scent , sweet , sexy and not too fruity or powerful . There is a gold toned rim with the cap snapping on and pulling off most of the time with ease . Sometimes the lid does not go on just right and then the cap part becomes undone and this makes two pieces.Once the scent has set in for awhile on my skin I detect a hint of floral with wood combination and have read on fragrance.net that Obsession has oriental spices . It really is a winning combination that has captured my interest over the years . This is a scent that is recognizable by men and women and can be worn through out the seasons.I would not say this is a musk scent but more of a spicy tingle that needs to be only administered once a day for long lasting appeal . The appeal of Obsession seems to run from girls in their early twenties to those of us in our early forties , from conservative ladies to party animals.Although it is a darker color than most fragrances , there is no staining on clothing , but I do not wear sweaters , whites or turtlenecks . When I do use the glass jar I have noticed frequently when standing over the sink the yellowish/brown tint left in the sink and have to rinse it off as well as my finger tips.Obsession is a potent and romantic perfume for evening . The prices of the assorted sizes of Obsession range from forty to sixty dollars .
 I have been using it for ... uhh . . fifteen years ?! It is the best blend of sweetness , spice , musk and character I have ever smelled.There are so many perfumes , especially in the last decade , being launched , and they all smell so similar ! They have so little character , and if they do , then they are either too weird , or too something . Or they give me a headache.This one is unique . Guaranteed .
 my husband is OBSESSED with this perfume ! it is his favorite by far ! whenever i wear this perfume -LRB- and i wear quite a few different scents ... depending on my mood ! -RRB- ... this is the scent that he loves the best . i know i 'll get lots of attention and affection with this one ! buy it and wear it ... he 'll love it ! : -RRB-
 I bought the 3.4 oz bottle from Amazon -LRB- not any of the other sellers -RRB- . I was completely thrilled ! Took only three days to get here , though I got the free shipping that specified it might take up to 9 . The 3.4 oz bottle is HUGE ! I apparently had no idea how much 3.4 oz of perfume really is . I walked by a woman a few weeks ago , smelled this on her , asked her what it was , and had to have it for myself . A heads up , with my blood type at least , when you first spray it , it is n't at its best in my opinion . It takes about 5 or 10 minutes to reach it 's full potential , and I think it gets better as the day wears on . So if you go out and try it before you buy it , give it a minute to sink in . Anyway , I 'm thrilled with my purchase and with this perfume !
 I have been using this perfume for over 20 years and will go on using it as long as Calvin Klein makes it . I just love this scent on me -- and so do my children . When my son started working last year , he bought me a gift set for my birthday with his first paycheck because he likes me wearing this perfume ! I have been a fan of Obsession for a long time and hope to be for a long time coming .
 I have worn this product since it was first introduced-after 23 years , I still have people ask me what fragrance it is , and how wonderful it smells . I rate Obsession as my favorite cologne ... I even buy bottles in advance in the fear that at some time it will no longer be available .
 I was turned on to Obsession by an old boyfriend many years ago . I have since then wore nothing but this perfume . I get so many compliments that it boosts my morale every day . I work in an office and also in a cafe in the evening and I have many customers , men and women ask what the scent is that I am wearing . I put this on in the morning around 5:00 am and it is still with me when I go to the cafe around 7 in the evening . I will wear nothing else from now on.Never strong , always soft
 This is the best perfume ever ! I am a perfumeaholic , and I have tried so many scents but nothing , I MEAN NOTHING lasts as long as this scent -LRB- except maybe Clinique 's Aromatics elixir -RRB- This is sweet , spicy , and the sexiest scent I 've ever had . People love this scent . This will be my only scent from now on !
 I have been wearing Obsession since 1986 , and it has definitely not gone out of style . Every day I get a comment from someone about how good I smell . My boss even bought some Obsession for his wife because he likes it so much on me . This is my favorite perfume !
 I 've had black/blue-black hair for a while now , and have become somewhat of an expert in the field of cheap-o boxed drugstore hair color . I keep coming back to this color ! I was suspicious at first to be honest because its SO cheap , I figured my hair would fall out or turn an ugly color ... but I tried it anyway . I have long , super thick hair but there was enough dye to get everything - no streaks . It lasts the longest out of any boxed hair color I 've tried and it looks SO good!OK , yeah , it comes with cheap crappy gloves and the world 's smallest packet of conditioner , but those are minor issues . You can get 50 pairs of latex gloves at rite-aid for 2 bucks -LRB- a good idea anyway so you dont have to keep reusing the dirty color-stained gloves from the box -RRB- and if you do n't already have conditioner to supplement the conditioner in the box , you should n't be dying your hair anyway.The only drawback I 've experienced is the color DOES run when I wash it and I have definitely stained my bath towels/pillowcase a few times . It could be something I 'm doing wrong though ...
 I have never been disappointed with the results of Colorsilk Ammonia-free Permanent Haircolor by Revlon.I get a natural looking result and it has the best gray coverage I have found to date .
 thia product es just excellent for me . It works great in my hair . It really gets the white hair away -LRB- i 'm 60 -RRB- . It takes 25 minutes -LRB- maybe a little long compared with others that just take 10 -RRB- but it lasts 3 or 4 weeksperfectly.I ; ve been buying this product already for 4 years and i 'll keep getting it.It does n't smell at all and the conditioner that comes with it is just great . Leaves your hair reallysoft and smells very nice.I recommend it 100 % . The price is great . The shipping and handling no so much . A little expensive , because if youbuy it in other stores , you will spend a little less . But it 's worth for me because i ca n't go to other stores .
 I tried this color for the first time last month and loved it ! It covered my considerable gray and is keeping it colored , without much fading . The conditioner that comes with it is wonderful to moistureize the hair , leaving it shiney and manageable . It did however turn out lighter than the box shows but not by much . I am totally satisfied with the Revlon hair color .
 I am pleased with this color . IT 's a rich dark auburn , just like I like it . It does n't seem to fade as fast as the 42B .
 I have natural medium brown hair with natural silver streaks through it -LRB- age 45 -RRB- . I have colored , bleached , toned , dyed , straightened , highlighted my hair well since I first discovered as a teen that my dark blonde hair could be bleached with a lemon at the beach.fast forward to this past week . I wanted to lighten my roots and skip the orange so I choose ash.Ash in blonde colors works best . Gold in browns work best btw . . Tried Blonde hair color and too much orange ?? You picked a golden shade , next time go ash.back to last week . I had brown roots as well as silver roots . I also had highlights which had grown out 2 inches . The rest of my hair was a light brown from a dye I had put on over ... get this -LRB- bleached hair almost barbie blonde -RRB- . I picked up 2 boxes of Revlon - Colorsilk Hair Color in Ultra Light Ash Blonde . I have waist length very thick hair and knew I would need 2 boxes . I washed it the day before . I mixed the bottles , applied gloves and starting with the crown of my head worked outwards making sure all roots were covered . Then I combed the product through my hair making sude the bangs were in the direction they go . I applied the remainder through the rest of the hair . My hair is curly so I did not comb this through , if it were straight i would have . I left it on 30 minutes and rinsed it in the shower and aplied the conditioner and combed all that through and left it on while i showered then rinsed.I was quite shocked that it removed the permanent brown dye I had used 3 months ago . While my hair did not go light ash blonde the total lack of orange is great . My hair is a blonde , sort of like -LSB- ... -RSB- It maintained my highlights both natural ones and ones I had put in several months ago
 For someone who has been dying their hair every month for the past four years , I 've learned a thing or two about hair dye , and this brand is by far my favorite . Not only is it less damaging to your hair -LRB- and wallet -RRB- than other dyes , but they have the best selection of reds ! I receive a lot of compliments on how natural and pretty the color is whenever I use the Bright Auburn or Light Auburn shades , and find that even the faded color is quite pretty . Like all red hair dye , it tends to fade quickly , but I 've found that with proper care the color can stay pretty vibrant up to about two weeks , holding the redish tones for three or four . I 'd recommend this brand for anyone considering going a ginger tone or anyone who does n't want to fry the hell out of their hair with other boxed dyes . Overall , perfect hair dye at the perfect price !
 I have used this brand , and this color now , for over 3 years . I still love it . I read some of the other reviews and you have to stick to a shade that 's the CLOSEST to the shade you have now , when using this brand . This brand will NOT dramatically change/alter your color unless you are real close to that color you want . Just a thought for the day.It 's cheap -LRB- which is VERY convient -RRB- , lasts a long time -LRB- I colored mine just 3 weeks ago and it 's still dark -RRB- , & the dark shades of this brand lasts a long time -LRB- never had no disappointments with this -RRB- . Now I only have to color 1 time a year , at the end of summer to maintain the color .
 I use Revlon 's Ultra Light Ash Blonde # 05 . I have been using this color for about 6 months now . My natural hair color is a dark blonde , but I always heavily highlight it to a light blonde with some of my dark blonde left in as low lights . I use two boxes , because I have thick , shoulder-length hair . I used this all over the first time and it lifted my hair to the exact color on the box . It 's a very light platinum / ash blonde and I absolutely love it . I touch up the roots every 4 weeks and run the color through to the ends the last 5 minutes . My roots are a little more yellow than the rest that has been highlighted , but I will have them highlighted again and all will be even again . I do n't mind a little contrast . The color lasts for 4 weeks before I need to redo my roots . My hair is super shiny and very soft ! You ca n't beat the price at $ 4.00 a box and sometimes less . I pray Revlon never stops making this color . It 's the only brand that will get my highlighted hair platinum blonde without any brassiness . I also use a deep purple shampoo after first coloring to tone and make my hair a more white-blonde . I am in love with this color !
 I was suspicious of this color like others , but gave it a shot . Ultra Light Ash Blonde 05 will get your hair a nice shade of golden blonde if your hair is naturally brown , and it 's surprisingly easy and lasts a good while between touch-ups . I 've tried different colors in an attempt to avoid bleaching again , and so far this one works really great . If your natural hair color is lighter than mine , it should really lighten you up , so I like this because it does n't make me too light . It 's also not harsh like some other products out there . Give it a shot and see for yourself . I 'm happy with the results I 've gotten . If it turns a little reddish , just use a toner and you 're all set .
 I bought Revlon Colorsilk Light Ash Blonde 80 for my Mom who could n't find `` her color '' in any of the stores . She loved it but , I would have preferred to pay a little less .
 this was a very nice product and i was pleased with it . i would prefer not to have a minimum number of words you have to write
 This product gave me the result I was looking for . Fast shipping from the seller too !
 Pretty color . It looked almost exactly like the picture . I would probably get this color/Brand again ! I have used this brand before but the color was new for me .
 I bought this at Walmart which is about the same price . It covered my highlights and even out my hair color seamlessly . My hair looked shiny and I got tons of compliments . Hopefully this color wo n't fade in the next few weeks . I have thick wavy hair so I used 2 boxes , which does n't hurt the bank since its so inexpensive . Saved $ 100 and I 'm happy ; -RRB-
 I have tried so many hair color products and spent a fortune in salons but this product always comes through for me , I alternate with the golden light brown and the light brown as I do not want to overdo the reddish highlights I get with the golden shade and it works perfectly for next to nothing cost wise , I am done trying other products and will never go back to all the money I have dropped for professionals that give just about the same result , colorsilk is just great .
 This was the first time I have ever colored my hair on my own and it was very easy and the results are great . I am already blonde , but wanted a brighter and lighter blonde for the summer . The color was on sale at CVS for $ 2.99 which is already an amazing deal considering I have paid my hairdresser $ 70 every 5 weeks for the past 12 years to get the same results . I liked this product because it is ammonia free and I have very fine hair . After using the product , I received tons of compliments on the color and many commented on how silky and healthy my hair looked . I would highly recommend this product and will definitely use it again .
 I love this color . It looks so natural . It 's better than the color from other companies and at half the price . I also prefer this conditioner to the one that comes with others - leaves my hair looking great.I have a substantial amount of gray to cover and it did it well with nice chestnut highlights.Gentle on my sensitive skin and scalp . Smells great.LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT.If this conditioner came separately I would buy it . As it is , You do need to have additional conditioner available for between colorings.Also , a big thumbs up for Revlon not testing on animals . What could be better ? A well priced product that looks great and does n't hurt animals .
 I 've used this product several times , and will continue to do so . I love 30 , the dark brown.This has only worked on my hair if I go darker then what my shade is at the time . If you are trying to go even 1 level lighter , I would recommend you prelighten your hair.My hair has stayed shiny for a long time after using . The shine may start to dull after a couple months , then I recommend Garnier Fructis shine gloss spray , definitely do n't overuse it though , I only spray it once about 10 inches from my hair.The kit is very basic and easy to use , I recommend using different gloves though , these are extremely cheap and bust easily .
 I used this when I dyed my hair lighter blonde then natural . So I wanted to darken it up . Used this , and It turned out a little darker then medium brown , but still I think it looks good . Once it fades it will look more natural.For the price of how cheep this is , I would say it is a good deal .
 So Ive only dyed my hair once before this . Ive always wanted to be a redhead but i was worried about it turning out too red . I tried auburn and that was a bust ... not enough red . I bought this because I saw the picture on the front and looked on the back for how it would look on a brunette . looked pretty red despite its `` auburn '' title . promising . The color was much redder than last time -LRB- yay ! -RRB- . however , it was not the red that was described for brunettes on the back of the box . Yes , in the sun it is red . not in sunlight it is red as well ... but more auburn . Not as red as depicted . -LRB- i expected this though . life as a brunette ... -RRB- If you want an accurate descrition of what it looks like on a brunette ... ive been told it looks like Ginny Weasley in Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince . -LRB- maybe a little darker . -RRB- So redder than auburn , but dont expect to get the result on the back of the box . BUT ! as a super bonus
 Well I am the type of person that tends to bleach her hair after a year or so and wanting to change my image ... I tried a few hair color brands in the past but when I want to go back to my original hair color -LRB- born brunette -RRB- I end up coming to this hair color . Long ago I dye my hair light golden brown and ... decided that it did n't suit my skin tone , so I tried some garnier black color , . . well the color came right OFF ... then good faithful Revlon colorsilk came back into my life , it 's by far the ONLY product that will reform and definally dye light brown to lightest blond into black.I also notice it 's the one color that does not fade out , I have 60 % gray on top of my hair and having dark brown/black hair I started looking like a skunk So I decided to -LRB- again -RRB- dye it this color and when it grows out , you can see the difference , blue/black VS new grow of gray . Oh yes , conditioner wise ... small amount of it but there are plenty of conditioners , but you are mainly buying the hair color , right ? : - -RRB-
 Revlon Colorsilk in Ultra Ash Blonde is my best kept secret . My hair is naturally medium brown , but this lifts it up to the lovely light blonde of my dreams ... and it 's only $ 3-5 per box ! If your hair is long , like mine , you will need two boxes . I have tried more expensive products , but this is honestly the best there is . I have also tried Ultra Sun Blonde , which is a bit brighter and great for the summer . Colorsilk in Strawberry Blonde is great as well .
 I 've tried several of the brands in the drugstore , but all them leave my hair really , really dry and feeling as if I 've stripped it with bleach -LRB- have done this before , so I know dry and damage when I feel it -RRB- . They also tend to fade very easily . Of all of the drugstore brands , this one works best for me . I have to cover a great deal of gray and the dark brown does the job whereas the lighter colors do n't seem to work as well . However , the dark brown color is dark - and it does n't fade . As with all of drugstore brands , this product dries my hair out regardless of supposedly being more gentle . Since I can no longer afford salon color , I 've found ways to help improve my experience . I make sure that my hair has been thoroughly hydrated before I color and I use an intense moisture product for a few days afterwards . The conditioner that is included in the box does nothing for me . I 've used very cheap conditioners and very expensive salon conditioners without much luck . The best products that I 've found that actually reverse the dryness are the Wen products , especially the 6-13 product . I use it as an intense conditioner right after coloring and it reverses the dryness from the color and leaves my hair silky soft right from the start . I also use Pureology shampoo because it does not fade the color . Now , I can happily rid myself of the gray for a very small fraction of the cost of a salon visit . I give this 4 stars because of the gray coverage , the cost , and because it does n't fade . It 's no salon product , but for the price , it 's worth it .
 I 've been using this product for about a year . I used to buy Garnier Nutrisse but times are hard and this product was so cheap and it 's Revlon so I thought `` How bad could it be ? '' . Well , turns outs it 's pretty darn good . I pay about $ 3.00 for this at Target -LRB- I once bought it at Wal-Mart for $ 2.50 ... but they went up thereafter -RRB- . I have very little gray , just some of that horrible wispy stuff in the front , and so I put the product there first using a small dye brush I bought -LRB- you could use a toothbrush though -RRB- . After five or ten minutes , I squirt product on top of my head and use a wide tooth comb to comb it to the ends -LRB- repeating this step several times -RRB- . Then I pin up my hair and leave for another ten minutes ... walking around the house with no drip -LRB- and writing this review :--RRB- . Box says no ammonia and provides UV protection ... lasts me about a month at which point I useJohn Frieda Brilliant Brunette Liquid Shine Luminous Color Glaze-6 .5 oz -LRB- 192 ml -RRB- for a couple weeks -LRB- like 3 -RRB- . . to get by without dying for a whole seven to 8 weeks . As others have said ... gloves are pretty cheapo but who cares as I barely use them anyway . Definitely recommend .
 I 'm new to home hair color , having recently returned to hair dying after trying my natural salt/pepper for nearly a decade . I was a salon-color girl prior to that , but these tough times just make spending $ $ $ month on hair dye out of the question . About six weeks ago I had my virgin hair dyed at a low-cost , walk-in hair salon because I was too afraid to color my hair myself . I asked for dark brown and left way too red/brassy -LRB- ! -RRB- . I tried to correct this myself with a semi-perm color by Ash Brown Natural Instinct , which improved the sitch a bit . Two weeks ago , I shelled out the money at another salon where they did a fairly good job of getting me to dark brown ... but still there was an undertone of brassy red.I knew I would n't be able to continue to keep up with salon prices , so I began to hunt for an at-home solution . My hair grows very quickly , so since my hairline was already very white , I figured I 'd just give this Revlon a go since the reviews were so go . This $ 5.00 box has saved me . My hair is finally dark brown , exactly matching the model 's color on the box . I expect the color to fade , as I 've read that even permanent color does fade , but at least I know that I have found a brand/color that works . More good news
 Hey so , I think this was a great product for the price . Made my hair feel awesome.I have blonde hair now but I was afraid of it getting fried if I used something too light so I picked this color with the intention of coloring my roots and maybe darkening the rest of my hair a tad.I followed the instructions for root touch up -LRB- even though Id never used this product -RRB- . So I left it on my roots for 20 minutes and put the rest of the mixture on the rest of my hair for 5 minutes . The end result ? I definitely do n't have roots but my whole head is the same color which I did n't think would happen after 5 minutes but it did.The good news
 It 's good color , and I 'll use it again , but next time I 'm gon na buy it at walgreens , it 's about $ 1 cheaper -LRB- Same brand , same color , -RRB- and I wo n't have to wait on shipping .
 Received exactly what I ordered . It was exactly what I wanted , was in perfect condition and was received promptly . Ca n't ask for more than that
 i bought it for my mom , she liked it very much , so now im planning to buy one more and try it myself .
 I love this product and can only find it on Amazon.Colorsilk products are true to their advertised color and keep my hair in great condition , highly recommend this product .
 This is my favorite brand and this color is very hard to find . So glad I can get it here .
 I have brown hair and it turned out black with just the right tint of blue in certain lights . I really like it . I have only washed it once , I am trying to use dry shampoo to extend the life of the color . I 'm worried it may fade but because I have only washed it once I can not say for sure if it will in fact wash out ,
 I 've been using this particular color for almost 10 years now . Though I would like it to be more `` blue '' than black , it is a good quality color . The gloves can easily rip so I would be careful when using them , they are also made to fit small/medium hands and do not stretch at all . I have small hands , so the gloves even they tend to rip once in a while and get dye between my fingers . Over all the dye itself is rich and lasting in your hair . I use regular shampoo after rinsing out the dye and before using the small pack of conditioner that way my pillow case at night does n't turn black but that 's just my preference .
 this is for the burgundy . This color looks really nice on brown hair . I have med to dark brown hair and it really jazzes it up . In the sun it is so vibrant . I get TONS of compliments on the color . When I tell people it is from a box they are shocked . I stopped having my hair colored in the salon because I could not afford it anymore . I am talking $ 70.00 everytime , and I am a constant colorer . The price is ridiculously cheap . I have used dye from Sally 's , Loreal , Garnier , John Freida , Nice & Easy you name it . For the price you can not go wrong . Covers all my gray and leaves my hair super shiny . My hair never feels dry after coloring . Sure the gloves are cheap and the conditioner is not the best . But for $ 3.00 a box , how could you possibly complain . The color is gorgeous , it last just as long as the expensive color . I get about 3-4 weeks out of it . I would say probably closer to 3 , but I am the kind of person that as soon as I see a few grays I am dying my roots . Try it , I dont think you will be disappointed . I hope they never stop making this brand or this COLOR .
 As some of my other reviews indicate , I have very curly , naturally frizzy hair . I 'm forever trying new products , loving them , and abandoning when I learn they have a harmful ingredient or my hair just stops accepting their help . This conditioner is currently my favorite , and the best I 've used so far . I 'd say I 'm going on a year with this . I chose it because it 's silicone free and smells wonderful -LRB- I 'm allergic to flowery scents , but this is less flowery and more toward sweet and fruity . -RRB- I initially used on its own as a leave in , under gel and found my hair retains curls beautifully.It is pricey -LRB- I 've ordered from Amazon and bought at Duane Reade drugstore and they are comparable -RRB- , so I 've found the best mix for me is to use a tiny bit of this in conjunction with a less expensive conditioner like Suave Naturals . Overall , still highly recommended for curly hair , frizzy hair .
 This is the best conditioner . I 've been using it for years . I use to use Biolage . I wanted to go all natural and switched to this . I 'm so glad I did . I did try the Beauty without Cruelty line and it was n't near the same quality . This is thick and it 's great for long hair . The smell is wonderful and it works well . Do n't buy it from Amazon , the prices for Peter Lamas Line is ridiculous .
 This is a good base coat polish , with the added benefit of being antimicrobial . So there is little chance of picking up fungus . I use particularly on my feet , after all , I do live in SC , the fungus capital of the world . The service and price were great , as is usual with Amazon .
 I bought this brush on a recommendation . I ordered the 3 inch which turnedout to be too large for my purposes and I ended up buying a 2 inch brush aswell . I gave the 3 inch brush to my hair stylest . She told me that it isa great brush . Great price for a great product .
 Superb brush for fine hair . It was recommended by my hairdresser and its the best brush Ive ever used . Never catches my hair , never breaks , always makes hair look sleek , rich and styled . Perfect for all hair types , but Ive learned to hide it from others .
 So light , easy to use , does the work , and the scalp and hair are super happy ! The price and delivery service were excellent .
 I used to work in a salon , and this is the brush all the professional stylists used . I finally bought one for my home . This brush actually makes your hair shiny and changes the texture of the hair . HIGHLY recommend !!
 This comb does add a lot of volume to your hair . I love the bristles because they 're perfect for my thin straight hair . They add a little shine to your hair and its handle is very comfortable . The only issue I found , was that I need to keep my blow drier a couple of inches away from the comb because the bristles start to burn . I was a little disappointed in that they burn so easily . Other than that , it 's a great comb ! I would still recommend it !!
 I have a larger version of this brush and decided to downsize to get a tighter curl . I really use it after my initial blow dry and flip up the ends . It is perfect for that job . It is so lightweight and yet so functional .
 I purchased this after I had watched my magician-hairdresser use it in her salon on my hair.It took a little getting used to because it did n't hold or grip the hair like a plastic bristle brush did . However the results were outstanding , more lift , more shine , more resilient hair.With my plastic bristle brush , although it was a good one , I had the last inch or so of my hair behave wildly and it looked frizzy after blowing it dry . The Tuxedo Pro brush eliminated that as well as the static electricity . I use natural products on my hair , Aveda , and it only made sense to try a natural bristle brush . I liked it so much I gave one as a birthday gift to my friend , who loved it as well .
 You ca n't get the same volume with any other product ! Makes blow drying your hair so much easier . Really holds on to your hair . Great price and service .
 This is THE BEST round brush I have EVER used . Not only does my hair NOT get tangled up in it , it gives my hair the cutest flips at the end and makes my hair soft and smooth ! I ca n't say that about ANY other brush out there . I 'm looking to see if Marilyn makes a flat brush so I can use that just to brush my hair before I go to bed ! What a great product !
 My hairstylist used this brush on my hair and I loved the way it worked . I have a smaller sized one , but this larger one works better for smoothing and straightening . The handle is easy to hang on to when styling , it has a light layer of foam for easy gripping . I have shoulder length hair and the first few times using this 31/2 '' size brush , felt a little heavy when pulling my hair through , something to get used . Works great !
 I have been using Loreal Glam Shine in various colors for a long time and was very frustrated to find them no longer for sale in any retail stores . Yeah ! for the Google Search Engine , which is how I found them on Amazon . It was easy to order these and they arrived at my house within a few days.No telling what I will do when Amazon stops selling this product . Is n't it a bummer when you love a product and some marketing genius at the company decides they need to invent something else -LRB- more , better , different -RRB- then you are left disappointed . Perhaps we as a culture might be better off staying with things we like rather then being forced into the constant quest to add new ingredients , new features etc.Maybe if we send all the marketing people in the world to a remote island in the Bering Sea they could spin themselves into oblivion and leave alone the great products we love just the way they are .
 If you 're looking for hair bands that are safe and TRULY damage free for your hair , these are it ! Those cloth covered bands can dry out your hair and still snag it . Blax hair elastics stretch far , but they still hold tightly . I have extremely thick African American hair and I had to use two cloth covered hair elastics on one ponytail and then pin my hair down on the sides because it was never pulled tight enough . I use one of these little Blax elastics and I can get a smooth , tight ponytail , but not so tight that I get a headache . And you can really use them over and over again . I have n't had one break yet . These are so worth ordering !
 The best !! Long lasting and no tears ! Get the 4 mm , tho . The 2 mm are too tiny ! PNJ
 I gave these as a gift to my wife once and since then she has refused to use any other hair elastic . This is the best one out there .
 This product has a smooth surface that does not grab and tangle in your hair . It stays in place . The 4mm ones , like this , work very well . I think the 2mm might be too narrow to work as well .
 These are excellent , they very seldomly ever catch a hold of your hair and pull them out as you 're removing them , but they keep a great grip on your hair . No loose floppy ponytails with these hair ties ! Mine have lasted a long time -LRB- I use them daily -RRB- .
 I saw these peeking out of my sister 's make-up drawer , and decided I should get some too . I love the ease of actual elastics , but hate the look of clear ones . These match my hair and look great . I feel polished enough while sporting one of these to wear them to work . Great product , and they do not feel like they are on the border of breaking every second like traditional elastic bands , or fabric covered ones .
 Never pulls your hair and stays put . I 've reused the same one a few times and they keep their shape for the most part . I 've purchased similar hair bands but did n't like them as much as Blax . Hard to find but great price on Amazon .
 This product does a creditable job . Chocolate is a tought flavor to store without getting rancid . These folks have done it well . The taste and aroma is not strong but it is there . Best I have found and my wife likes it .
 Great product , love the tiny pieces of orange peel in it . Park it in your shower for a summer treat any time of year .
 I loved the fresh citrus scent . The cleanser had such a smooth feeling . It did n't make my skin feel dry like most cleansers . I really loved using it and will buy it when I run out . I would also like to try other fragrances .
 I LOVE THE FRAGRANCE OF THIS SPRAY AND USE IT EVERY MORNING PRIOR TO MAKING THE BED ... WHEN YOU OPEN THE BED AT NIGHT THE LAVENDER ENFOLDS YOU!IT 'S WONDERFUL ANYWHERE AND EVERYWHERE IN YOUR HOME !!!
 Love this pillow / room scent . It really calms and soothes me when i lay my head down . It is very soothing and relaxing . i would highly recommend it and will buy it again .
 I love this product . I put it on my pillows and sheets every week and the smell lasts usually til the end of the week . It is a must for those who go to bed and need to have that aeromatherapy of relaxation . I highly recommend ... not all products like this work ... but this one does !
 THIS IS THE BEST LAVENDER YOU WILL EVER FIND TO HELP YOU DRIFT OFF TO SLEEP . I DO TWO SPRAYS RIGHT AT BED TIME INTO THE AIR OVER MY PILLOW AREA & INHALE IT 'S JUST SO SOOTHING . I LOVE THIS PARTICULAR BRAND BECAUSE YOU SMELL THE LAVENDER -LRB- NOT OTHER FRAGRANCES COMBINED -RRB- . THIS LAVENDER HELPS ME TO DRIFT RIGHT OFF TO SLEEP . I REALLY PANICKED WHEN I WAS UNABLE TO FIND IT IN THE DEPT. STORES ; I WAS SO GRATEFUL & DELIGHTED TO HAVE FOUND IT ON AMAZON . I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY IT BECAUSE IT REALLY DOES WORK ! THANK YOU AMAZON !
 Lovely product . A long time ago -LRB- about 10 years ago -RRB- I had recieved a set of Healing Garden scents in small glass bottles . One of them was lavender , and although I never wore it as a perfume , I would constantly spray it on linens and around the room because of its relaxing properties . I recently bought this hoping it would be the same scent , and it is very close . I am pleased . It truly helps you relax and `` de-stress '' . Always puts me in a restful mood and prepares me for sleep !
 I thought it was very pleasant smelling . I 'll definitely continue to use this product .
 I discovered this product years ago while suffering a sleep disorder and while using a medication to help reset my sleep cycle . With the product I always dropped off to sleep very quickly and rested better . There are more herbals used in this one than just ordinary lavender and they all combine to enhance it 's effects . Over time I did reset the cycle and no longer have a sleep disorder but have been unable to find the product in our remote area . Am delighted to find it again . I no longer `` need '' it , but love to use it all the same.I am in a position to frequently host international guests from London to Africa and in between . During a recent visit to one of my African friend 's home they remembered my spray and `` borrowed it '' . I noticed the spray was missing but thought I 'd lost it until a very embarrassed African fellow came and confessed that he 'd smelled it and remembered how well he 'd slept in our home and sprayed his pillow with this delightful spray . I got it back on promise of sending him some for his own.It 's a keeper !
 Before I tried the spray , I was very dubious about the benefits , expecting that it would be like any perfumed air spray . I was wrong ! It has a wonderful , fresh scent that makes your pillow really pleasant to put your head down on . I ca n't say that it really made a big difference in my sleeping , but it certainly enhanced the rather ordinary experience of retiring for the night , and I 'd really recommend it to friends and family .
 The smell is a nice blend of fragrances -- not overly lavender . I found it very relaxing , and have n't had a single episode of sleeplessness while using it . I 'll look for this product again . It 's a great alternative to other sleep aids . I liked that it was n't an aerosol -- less waste . I 'd recommend this to friends or family .
 I really like this product . Of course , I 'm a fan of Healing Garden products . This is the first time I 've tried a room and pillow spray and it 's WONDERFUL ! Smells great -- not too sweet and very relaxing . I think even my dogs liked it because I 've noticed them spending more time during the day asleep on my pillow after spraying it there !
 This is a true lavender-scented spray . The bottle suggests two or three sprays over your pillow , but I 'd recommend only one . Also , I 'd recommend it to a friend who likes the smell of lavender , but not to one who is n't used to it . The spray helped me relax for a good night 's rest . I used it for three nights straight , then did n't use it the next night to see if it helped or not . My husband and I both thought that it helped us relax and sleep better and more soundly , so I 've used it every night since . I 'd definitely buy this product again .
 This room spray is wonderful ! When I first smelled it , I was n't convinced , but when I use it at night , I ca n't help but relax ! The scent is milder than others I 've tried , so it is n't overpowering . The spray itself seems lighter and does n't trigger allergy attacks , the way some have for me .
 My husband and I both seemed to sleep better and more restfully . I really like the lavender scent and actually used this spray in the car and other places where I 'd like to feel more relaxed . The scent is strong at first , so use the spray about an hour before bedtime . Once the scent lightened , it did n't bother me at all while sleeping . I 'd recommend this to a friend .
 I love this product and most stores in my area are not carrying it any more . But the Lavendertherapy spray is wonderful . It is a light , pleasant scent and makes the whole room smell nice . It is very relaxing and stays on the pillow for quite a while .
 Ca n't understand why this perfume was discontinued . It is clearly one of the most popular judging by how many people are looking for it . This was a real lucky find for us .
 I was at my doctors office when I picked up a magazine with a simple of this parfum and it and I rubbed it on my hand 6 hours later it was still there that 's when I decided to buy it . I just love what I received .
 It was nice to find this perfume that is no longer on the market . Good price , came quick .
 The lotion itself does n't smell that great -- nothing like tangerines , but that 's the only thing I did n't like about the lotion . It 's in an upside-down bottle , and the lotion is watery , so you have to be careful when you open it , otherwise a lot will come out . The texture is great . After you put it on , your skin feels so soft . I really liked the way my skin felt after applying the lotion . Overall , I 'd recommend it . It does n't have an unpleasant smell -- just not one to my personal liking .
 This product smelled wonderful and had a nice texture . The only problem that I had with it was that it was thinner than the lotion that I am used to using , and so I ended up using a lot of it to get the desired result . If you have very dry skin , this might not be the lotion to pick as your primary lotion . I 'd recommend it as a secondary product for its lovely scent .
 The product smelled very good and the scent lasted quite a while after being applied . It made my skin very soft and smooth , and I 'd purchase this product again in the future .
 What can I say -- I really loved this product and it smells absolutely delicious . It goes on smooth , is n't greasy at all , and I actually felt a difference in my skin . I definitely intend to buy this lotion again . I think I 'd buy it for the smell alone . The Healing Garden Tangerinetherapy lotion has given me incentive to try their whole product line , and if the rest smell and work like this lotion , they have a new and faithful customer .
 '' `` Yummy '' '' was my first reaction to this great product . The scent 's terrific . I found this lotion to be very effective against dry skin , as well as very soothing . This product kept my skin soft , as advertised . I 'd highly recommend Healing Garden 's Tangerinetherapy lotion as an aid against dry skin .
 I think this product has a very refreshing scent . It has a spring scent to go with the new season . It was n't greasy or sticky like some other lotions . It was moisturizing and the moisture lasts . I 'd definitely recommend this product to anyone and I 'd buy it myself . The best part about this lotion is its wonderful scent .
 The Healing Garden Body Lotion has a wonderful silky texture that absorbs well and leaves your hands feeling soft , without a greasy residue . I enjoyed the fragrance , but it was a little overwhelming and it persisted for several hours .
 My daughter surprised me with this beautiful compact for my birthday/Mother 's Day gift . She knows how much I love Pheromone perfume . The elegant presentation of this compact in its own blue pouch is perfect . What a wonderful way to have my favorite perfume conveniently handy in my purse for quick touch ups ! I highly recommend any of Marilyn 's Pheromone products ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is my second bottle of sheer freesia , I just love this fragrance , its a light delicate sent , beautiful , like a summer day .
 This was a gift for my sister . It wowed her . She has always worn Freesia but typically can only find it in body lotion or such . This product really thrilled her , a nice perfume in her favorite scent with a beautiful package .
 This is my second bottle of Jasmine Shower Gel . It has the most wonderful scent . Very light and floral . I would recommend this to anyone who loves Jasmine .
 This is how a woman wants to smell and how a man wants her to smell ... it is a perfect scent in every way . Men ADORE it !
 The Green Tea products in this line are absolutely wonderful . I fell in love with the scent immediately . I would recommend it to anyone . There are other products as well -LRB- candle , lotion , etc -RRB- and they are also available at Wal-Mart . There are also other scents in the Healing Garden line . Try the Green Tea - you wo n't be disappointed .
 Great cleanser , even for sensitive skin . I can definitely tell a difference when I slack off on using it and then start again ...
 I have been using Coty 's Translucent Airspun face powder for many years and it suits me well . I hope you continue to manufacture it for the rest of my life , which is n't asking much because i am already 92 . Barbara Larsen
 This is the only cosmetic product I 've stuck with for over 25 years . This powder has been around forever and there is a reason for that . It has a very fine texture which applies perfectly . It is also very inexpensive . Most people would be able to use this powder without foundation , since it enhances and perfects the complexion so well . Unless you really need extra coverage , I recommend the basic translucent shade if you wear foundation , which should work with nearly every complexion . The other shades are heavier and , if used with certain foundations , might not last as well for over 8 hours without caking . On the other hand , the heavier extra coverage shades work very well without foundation . I 've tried Christian Dior , Lancome , Elizabeth Arden , and a million other loose powders and none of them compare to Coty .
 I have to echo the other two excellent reviews of this product . I too have been using this for about twenty five years off and on , but I always come back to this . The scent is great , yet light not at all cloying , the coverage is excellent and very thorough , really tones down the pinky brown color that is my skin after cleansing and applying makeup . The colors do tend to run on the light side , just as a warning if you have darker skin . I would recommend the non color adding Translucent if your skin is darker . I use the light-med . and it is perfect for my light skin . The result is flawless , smooth , lovely and a luminous complexion . The one I trust and will use forever . Note * While I love the looks of the vintage packaging -LRB- has n't changed since 1935 -RRB- , it can be hard to control the stuff from the inside . I recommend poking holes in the plastic , so as to control the product coming out . A few years ago , they put out a sifter with this and why on earth they discontinued it , I have n't a clue . Other than that small technical defect , this stuff continues to rock !!! Best powder out there .
 This product has a devine smell , fanstatic packaging , goes on easily and stays there , the colour was a perfect match to my skin tone , a fantastic product !
 Ever since I was a little girl and I watched my mom and grandmother use this in the morning , I 've been in love with just the smell of this loose weight powder . Now , as a young woman , I still am in love with not only the smell , but how much coverage you get with this powder ! But that 's not even the best part . The best part is that this loose powder is so light weight that you feel so natural !
 I like it , sets my face and absorbs oil ! For this price ! Love it , the smells is not bad ! I actually like it , it completes my mornings
 It would seem this is the best . That 's all there is to it . Been used for four generations in her family for a reason .
 I have used this product for many years , as did my mother and grandmother before me . It is always the same wonderful product . Getting harder to find this treasure , but always the same good quality .
 I 've been using this powder for years ... no ... decades . It does a nice job of masking minor flaws , does not ` settle ' in wrinkles and maintains its color.I dislike strong fragrances in cosmetics and this powder does not really have much of a fragrance .
 RIGHT NAME ... WRONG COLOR ... I HAVE BEEN USING COTY AIRSPUN FACE POWDER FOR MANY YEARS ... TRANSLUCENT EXTRA COVERAGE IS THE NAME OF THE COLOR ... BUT BEWARE ... THE MANUFACTURER HAS CHANGED THE COLOR OF THE POWDER AND IT IS NOT THE SAME ... SO WHILE I RECEIVED THE RIGHT NAME POWDER ... IT WAS THE WRONG COLOR!DRUGSTORE.COM WAS VERY GRACIOUS ABOUT ISSUING ME A CREDIT BECAUSE IT WAS DUE TO MANUFACTURER ERROR.ANYWAY ... COTY AIRSPUN IS SUPERIOR FACE POWDER ... JUST BE SURE YOU KNOW WHAT COLOR YOU ARE GETTING : -RRB- THANK YOU AMAZON FOR GIVING ME THE OPPORTUNITY TO VOICE MY OPINION !
 Best smelling parfum lotion ever !!! Hands down !!! I am never using another lotion again !! The smell is light and awesome !!!
 My husband and I have used Wella Liquid Hair Energy Styler Mousse for years . It has a great scent and great hold . It does n't weigh the hair down or make it greasy , which is great . This mousse also helps hold in curl for styling and gives some body to the hair . For short hair , you only need about the size of a small plum . For shoulder length hair , the size of a small apple will do . For long hair , about the size of a medium apple would be about right . Just apply after towel drying your hair ... and let your hair air dry or blow dry it .
 I want to say that this product is the best I 've ever used . I ca n't count have many years I 've used it , but if anyone ever wants to try this product it 's the best .
 I have used this product for years , and was very disappointed when it was discontinued . I 've tried so many other products similar and nothing compares to how well this works . I found it on Amazon and this is the second time I have purchased . Best mousse I have ever used and will continue to try to find . Works great !
 love what this does for my super thick/straight hair -- Seller is great to do business with he 's A + + +
 this product has been discontinued , however this merchant had some bottles , my heart jumped beats since I found this wonderful product again . I have been on a search for months to find something simiar and can not . I wish Wella would reconsider and start making this again , this entire line was great , however I guess not good enough in sales .
 I have been using this for years . It is really mild delicate scent , the only downside is that it does not last long .
 It 's a real refreshing product that first , wash and second , make your tan lasting for a while .
 I have been using this body wash for years and I love it . I used to pay much more for it from the tanning salons but now that I found it on Amazon , it is much more affordable . This product keeps me clean and smelling good . It also helps keep my color .
 Camocare Soothing cream is the best alternative cream for skin conditions on the market . I do n't know what I would do without this product . My one-year-old son had severe eczema since he was two months old and all of the hydrocortisone , steroid creams and antibiotics worsened his condition to a point that he could not sleep , cried and fussed incessantly , and demanded to be carried at all times . He was in a lot of pain and discomfort because of his red , hot , weeping , cracked and infected skin . My husband and I tried everything , but our son was allergic to every cream we tried . This product was a Godsend . When I stopped all of his medication and started using this , his skin dramatically improved . The tube is small but soooooo worth the money . This product is cortisone and steroid free and does n't weigh down the immune system , so I do n't have to worry about how much or how little I should apply to his skin . If you decide to purchase this item , make sure that the merchant does not sell you the older version of this cream , which has peanut oil -LRB- an allergen -RRB- . Make sure to check the ingredients . Both the Vitamin Shoppe and iHerb have the new versions of this cream in stock . The chamomile is soooo soothing to my baby 's skin , and the cream has a pleasant scent . It is not greasy and is easily absorbed by the skin . Very moisturizing . Absolutey wonderful !!!
 I have a mild case of rosacea and bought some of this last night hoping for some relief from the stinging . I love this stuff . I felt better right away , it does n't irritate my skin and it 's cost effective .
 I have eczema and also get hives . This product stops the itching as soon as I put it on . It does have to be re-applied for severe itching but it is the best product that I have found .
 I used this as a daily face cream for 13 + years and in all that time my skin never broke out in the bumps , redness and burning characteristic of rosacea that had bothered me for years before discovering Soothing Cream . It was discontinued last year and since running out my skin has been painful , bumpy , red and very very oily . This cream had also been helping the Blepharitis -LRB- a related condition -RRB- around my eyes , which has now also flared up . I have since tried - TriDerma MD Intense Fast Healing Cream - most effective so far for redness , bumps and Blepharitis crustiness , burns a bit and skin is still oily.TriDerma MD Facial Redness Repair - burns a bit but helps redness and bumps heal up . Skin is still oily . Does n't help around eyes.Chamomile Exquisite Cream Organic Facial Moisturizer - no effect -LRB- had high hopes , but no -RRB- Aveeno Active Naturals Ultra Calming Daily Moisturizer , SPF 15 - very scented and irritating to skinSkin MD Natural Shielding Lotion - strange odor , no effectCalifornia Baby Calendula Cream - no effectDerma E - Retinol & Green Tea Advanced Renewal Creme-no effect , at least it 's not oily or scentedKamillosan Chamomile Ointment-extremely greasy , meant for other skin problems.When I called Nature 's Way/Enzymatic Therapy -LRB- who used to make Soothing Cream -RRB- they said they no longer had any similar product.I have resorted to making a tea with oats , green tea , chamomile , licorice root , and 2 drops of tea tree oil . Strained and kept in fridge really soothes the burning skin and softens the bumps.I continue my search for a replacement moisturizer ... like my face is on fire .
 This is the best and easiest to use back brush ! I have trouble reaching my back and washclothes just did n't do it but with this brush no more missed spots . Just hang it up and it dries and is ready for the next time . Never felt so clean !
 When dry , it feels like it 'd be rough on your skin - pretty much like a regular loofah does . Once wet though , it 's great , just abrasive enough to clean but not harsh enough to be uncomfortable . I love it .
 For decades , I 've been searching for a back brush like the ones easily available in the 1950s and 60s , with a long handle and thick , stiff pig bristles . There are no such brushes available at retail in my area , even in the large bed-and-bath stores . I have been able to find similar brushes online , mainly right here at Amazon.com ; they have a proper brush head , with very stiff bristles , but their handles are so short that , for me , they 're nearly useless for those hard-to-reach areas of the back.The brush I 'm reviewing here is also not perfect , but it 's much more useful as the handle is nice and long . My only quibble is that the bristles , though reasonably stiff , are not as thick and stiff as I would like . Still , the brush is nicely made and it 's a relief finally to be able to properly clean my back .
 This is the perfect balance , length , and stiffness for my personal scrubbing needs ! I am not tall , have delicate skin , and use this to scrub both my back , and , surprisingly to me , my feet .
 Fantastic BACK BRUSH - along with the Loofa Brush , I now have the most beautifully clean back in the USA !! Needs to be somewhat more STIFFER ... Otherwise - just marvelous !!
 I am very pleased with this back brush . The handle might have been a little longer but this is not a major problem . The bristles are just right for me , not too stiff but stiff enough to get my circulation going . I also use it on my arms and legs and leave the bath tub feeling invigorated . It 's nice to know I have a clean back . I 'm glad I bought it .
 The brush is very nice . My only two complaints -- >> I would wish for the bristles to be slightly stiffer and the brush itself slightly longer in length , ... another inch or preferably two , ... but overall it is very satisfactory . -LRB- Only those two `` issues '' keep it from being perfect -RRB- .
 The brush is perfect for scrubbing
 Helps exfoliate the skin on my back , which is really necessary for me in preventing breakouts on my back . Coupled with a nice scrub , this brush really softens up my skin , and helps reach the spots on my back that I would n't be able to reach otherwise .
 The bristles and handle are of good quality , but when you put the item in your cart , it shows a different brush . I did get the right brush .
 I have OCD so getting clean in the shower with just a wash cloth never makes me content . I 've had this for a few months and unfortunately some of the bristles have flatten down but I love it . It gets the job done 100x quicker . Its a bit hard in the beginning but I let it soak to soften it up .
 This was a need that I put off getting for some time , but , so glad that I purchased this brush . It 's easy to handle , does n't scratch my skin and after having it for sometime time now , has n't shown any water damage .
 I love this brush , I know that is a lot to say about such a product , but I do ! It is soft , yet the long handle is great when alone and no one is there to do your back for you ! I have had brushes that are hard and scratch at your back , but not this one . You know you have a good product by the amount of time you are using it . And with a large back -LRB- near 7ft tall -RRB- , it gets a work out !!
 The stiffness/softness of this brush is just right for us for washing the back.It has been used just 4 times , so do n't know about durability yet.With the price going down to 6.00 we just got another 6 in case they do break .
 I purchased this brush recently and I am very happy with it . The handle is easy to grip and just the right length for me . I would definately recommend it to those of you that ca n't reach our backs anymore .
 I always buy this lipgloss , im so glad to find it on amazon . They discontined it and I was so upset . This gloss is so pretty , it is shiny and sparkly and people literally approach me and ask me what lipgloss im wearing . It does grab peoples attention which can be a great thing . I call it glamour gloss because it is very glamourous looking . My friend has been harrassing me to buy her some everyone seems to love it . If your into makeup then this is a must have .
 There was a small error in the quantity I received . When I contacted the seller , I received an immediate response , they kept excellent communication and shipped the correction quickly . Sometimes you find the quality of service not in the perfection of the transaction , but in how an error is handled . Perfect ! Thank you !
 I love natura bisse . Its kinda expensive but it works great ! It healed my dry elbows in days . I LOVE YOU NATURA BISSE !
 Love this product , I have been looking for a good cover up make up and when I found Max Factors pan cake makeup I stop looking . This is a great product covers up all my imperfections and does not break me out , it goes on smooth and feels natural on my skin . I also will continue my future purchases with the seller which by the way was also wonderful with my order .
 I must have hit wrong button , but ordered the wrong makeup for wife . E-mailed the company and sent it back , they replace it immediately , no questions . Thanks , John
 I have been very pleased with the mask . The mask itself is very soft and gentle to my face . The mask has helped relieve some sinus pain and migraine pain also . It was very relaxing and soothing . I highly recommend this product .
 `` Amazon to the Rescue ! `` Pan-cake makeup has been a `` staple '' in my home for close to 60 years . Since Max Factor 's Pan-Cake was first introduced it has always been my favorite . People often comment on how nice my skin is , -LRB- for an old lady -RRB- , and I 'm sure it 's because of this make-up . When I heard that it was no longer available in my local stores I got this horrible sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach . You know the one I mean !!! Then , as usual , Amazon came to my rescue . I love you `` Amazon '' ! So far I 've only purchased one of them . Now my big decision ... should I get a couple more just to be on the safe side ? What do you think ?
 Covers amazing , but it takes some getting used to at first . I spray mine with water and use my fingers to apply it as a thin liquid makeup . Right after application , my face looks a bit over powdered and chalky . I give it a minute to dry and rub my dry hands over my face as if I am rubbing it off . It takes the extra off and leaves my skin unbelievably even and perfect . It is great because it has no oils or anything that makes my acne worse . The closest comparison for me is the look of airbrushed makeup . This is NOT the place to buy it . Do your homework shopping online and you will find it for about $ 8.99 -LRB- a very common online drugstore carries it -RRB- and has free shipping if you spend $ 50 . Do n't buy it here unless you want to be ripped off .
 I bought this for my mother in law , as she has used it all her life and has found it increasingly hard to fine . She has been so pleased that it is still available -- kudos to Amazon ! -- and says it is the best make up she has ever used . I am delighted to be able to find it so easily . It covers well , and has a uniform appearance , all while being gentle on all types of skin . A great product !
 This is a great eyeliner . It is the only one I can find lately that will last through a workout and a shower , without coming off !! Perfect for those with Trich , those of you who have it will know what I am talking about :-RRB- It 's the only one I use .
 I was pleased with this order . Not only did it arrive quickly , it was packed well , is of good quality , and is exactly what I wanted .
 Unfortunately I can not find this product any longer . Max Factor stop producing it and it broke my heart since I 've used it for over 30 years ! Only eyeliner which did n't give me allergy !
 This gel mask is great . It 's soft and it fits well . I have two -- one for me , and one for my husband.My husband wears his when he 's feeling a bit hungover . I like mine when I have migraines . We just toss them in the freezer and leave them there until we need them . The only downside is the fact that they 're a little heavy , but they do block the light and provide the cool in a nice , soft package.We have n't tried using them as hot masks .
 This is a really soft eye mask that feels great against your eyes . It is great ! My only complaint is that it is really tight , and i do n't have an especially big head . It actually is so tight that it presses against your eyes . I have stretched mine out considerably and it is still a little tight . Overall , a nice product .
 I am a make up junkie and have long used the 2000 calorie as a staple mascara . There are better mascaras out there but not for this price !
 Max Factor liquid waterproof black linemaker is the only one I give 5 stars too . It is the only one that has been 100 % satisfactory . Please bring it back . I 've wasted so much money trying to find something to replace it but have found nothing . Milani works but it is gummy , too thick and hard to control as you put it on , and equally hard to get off . Nothing replaces Max Factor . Why is it discontinued . Do customers choices not count in the business world ? Bring this product back !!!! Max Factor Linemaker Waterproof Eyeliner , Rich Black - 1 eaMax Factor Linemaker Waterproof Eyeliner , Rich Black - 1 ea
 I wear eyeliner on the inner line of my lower eyelid . Most eyeliners just wash out with a few blinks , but this on lasts . I love it !!
 I have been wearing waterproof eyeliner since 1975 . The absolute best eyeliner ever produced was Max Factor 's Linemaker eyeliner . I could apply it and go swimming all afternoon and still have it look good hours later in the evening . I have never found another product to compare to it . I am lost without it and can not understand why Max Factor or some other cosmetic company does n't begin production on it again . I find this especially frustrating considering that eyeliner is quite popular right now . HELLO , COSMETICS EXECUTIVES - BRING IT BACK !
 I love this eyeliner ! I have extremely slippery skin when it comes to eye makeup . For some reason , it just wants to slide right down within 2 hours of putting it on . This eyeliner stays right where I put it , all day ! It 's fantastic and I highly recommend it to all .
 This is without a doubt the best eyeliner I have ever used . Wore it for years . It worked , stayed on with little if ever retouching . I have searched every brand from high end to drug store brands , nothing comes close . Please bring it back . Oh how I miss it , one small thing that made life easier .
 Great sponge ! I can find it anymore ! not too hard , not too soft just perfect ! better to use with Pan cake make up .
 This is marvelous stuff ! I like it because it is an exfoliant and a body wash at the same time , usually there is only one or the other . I have been using this product for years now and I still get compliments on my skin . This product gives my skin a healthy glow , soft texture and youthful appearance . I use it with exfoliant mitts and srub it on my wet body with the shower off . This allows the scrub to have better effectiveness before washing it off ccompletely . I love this product so much I use it everyday ! The extra few minutes in the shower I spend are certainly worth it.I love this product !!!!
 I didnt buy this on Amazon but I just started using it and it works great , leaves my skin feeling good and the scent isnt so strong but thats a good thing , its pleasant !
 Love this product it smells wonderful males your skin feel great and it cheap in price . It always ships out really fast and is delivered to my house in 2 to 3 data .
 I 've been using Max Factor Erase for probably 4o years . I could n't fine it in the stores anymore so I tried ordering it on Amazon . This is much easier than going to the store so I ordered 15 of them . I am obviously very satisfied .
 Max factor pan stick is hands down the best foundation I 've ever used . If you want total coverage , this is the one for you .
 Great Product having been using it for years . Sorry that they discontue distributing the products in Duane Reade found it very convenient.But , not to worry I can always go online and order it .
 I use this product solely as a concealer for my under-eye circles and blemishes . I have tried expensive alternatives only to be disappointed . This is a must-have for me . However , just google maxfactor and you 'll find that it is available for nine bucks on drugstore dot com . Yay !
 Stores around San Diego have stopped carrying Pan-Stick . Such a shame as all the newer products from all the other brands just do not cover spider veins and blemishes like this product does . The very young sales person at Walmart even chose to say that they no longer carried it because Max Factor is an `` old '' product line . But , I have ordered it online for myself , and recently sent three to my sister for a birthday present . Am thinking that perhaps it is no longer being made and these are left-over items . Can Max Factor please tell us if this is the case .
 I have two other foundations that I mainly use but this comes a close second to them . Great coverage . Stays put . Easy to use . What more could you ask for ? Maybe make it easier to find . I 've been so surprised at how many stores have dropped this product . I really love Max Factor and hope it does n't get discontinued . That would be a real shame for such a good brand . Their mascara , 2000 Calories , is one of the best I 've used too . Went looking for it the other day in the store but no luck . Thank goodness we can still get it here . : -RRB-
 All the local sources for Max Factor have desolved . I have used Pan Stick since high school in the 60 's and ca n't live without it . I ordered several and am so happy to have it again . It is like magic for cover up or to make your skin look like porcelain .
 I bought this for myself and 3 relatives . We all love it . My daugher and I use it to even out skin tones , cover blemishes and other imperfections . It does a super job . . better then the expensive cremes that are suppose to cover blemishes . My sister and mom use it soley as a foundation and love it ... No matter which way you use it , it gives a flawless look to your skin . I was so happy to find it on line .
 Shipped on time -- even earlier then expected . Too bad you ca n't get in the stores anymore ... my mother is hooked on this product and I have to buy on line for her .
 I have been using this since the early 60s and they have stopped making it . It is good to find a place to order from . Really have n't found anything I like as well .
 I love love this product . They stopped selling Max Factor at the stores here in Alaska or at least I have not found anymore . I have had the same stick for over 3-4 years . Normally I throw out old makeup if I have n't used it all and buy new ones just because sometimes I am a germ freak but since I could not find this product anymore I kept this one longer than any other makeup . I only use this as an enhancer for my face . I like to apply under and over my eyes for an eye brightener and a little on lower forehead . I can use this product and some light powder and the pan-stik will stay on all day . I love this when I am on the go and traveling because we know makeup wears off but this stik helps brighten my face all day/night long . Some people do not think I have makeup on . Even my horrible critiquing sisters -LRB- haha -RRB- can not tell . Especially after my son , this is my go-to-makeup I will always have on , just below my eyes . You defiantly will not be disappointed with this stik . It is the first thing I use when applying my makeup . As with all makeup , you will need to learn how to apply it correctly with your skin tone and learn what works for you .
 Received as promised . My wife has used the Max Factor line for years and is happy to have found a reliable source .
 I was so happy to receive my Pan-Stick order . It is a great cover-up product . I have been using it forever , and for some unknown reason have not been able to find it in the retail storeslately . I was glad to be able to get it on Amazon.com.Lois
 I LOVE MAX FACTOR PAN STICK MAKE-UP !!! I HAVE USED IT FOR YEARS , IN FACT IT WAS THE FIRST MAKEUP I EVER USED , IT MAKES MY SKIN VELVETY SOFT & BEAUTIFUL . I GET COMPLIMENTS ALL THE TIME & I 'LL BE 71 YRS OLD IN APRIL . I REALLY PANICKED WHEN I COULD NOT FIND MY MAKE UP ANYWHER IN ANY STORE . I WAS REALLY SAVED BY AMAZON , BECAUSE THEY '' HAVE '' MY MAX FACTOR MAKEUP & I ORDERED 3 OF THEM & NOW I 'M HAPPY & PRETTY AGAIN THANK YOU , KATIE TATUM
 Have been using this for years and was very happy to find at Amazon as it is no longer on the store shelf .
 Great coverage ; blends well ; I call it my &#34; eraser &#34; . Absolutly love it ! No other makeup comes close . I really wish they would start selling it again .
 I have always used Max Factor products , and never have been disappointed in them . I am disappointed that now thiy particular item hard to find .
 I have been using this all my life . No other cover stick even comes close - creamy , blends in perfectly , and lasts all day . This is a product worth searching out on the internet .
 I absolutely ADORE this makeup . It is a bit heavy , but manages to cover anything -- blemishes , scars , undereye dark circles , freckles -- anything ! I am very active at work , and needed coverage that could survive perspiration for several hours . FOUND IT . That being said , if you do use this makeup , you have to remember to thoroughly cleanse afterwards and clay mask regularly .
 I have been using Pan Stick for many years . I love it . It gives the best coverage of any makeup that I have ever used . It has gotten hard to find . . when I found it at Amazon.com I was elated .
 I recently discovered this makeup , and really liked it . The texture is smooth , and there are a variety of colors to choose from . This Rich Beige is good for my complexion . It does n't get all over my clothes as some of the other makeup I 've tried . The only problem , from what I understand , is that it will no longer be available since Max Factor has stopped producing it . Oh well , the supply I have will last quite a while .
 I havve been using Max Factor products for a very long time . This particular item -LRB- panstik -RRB- is incomparable . The coverage is great and no other company makes a like product .
 Panstik has been my main foundation for over 35 years and I still enjoy using it and have gotten several of my family to use it also
 I 've used this product for more years than I want to say , but it will even out your skin , and honestly make it look flawless . It might be somewhat heavy for some , but for those who want great coverage and a beautiful dewy look ... I would highly recommend it .
 I love to use this foundation stick ! It 's easy , portable and perfect for full face if you want a full coverage or it 's great as a concealer . I have yet to find a foundation stick that is this easy to apply and truly has a FULL coverage . I have olive skin and use the true beige shade , however , it really is ok if it is too light as you can go over it with a darker powder and it looks great !
 I bought it because I read a review on it in a magazine . However , could n't find Max factor sold anywhere in town . It seems like less needs to be used . It 's gentle , but covers well and stays on . I will continue to use this particular product .
 Thank you Amazon for finding an importer for this makeup . When Max Factor stopped selling in the US , I was devastated . I then found it at another place online , but they stopped carrying it too . I hope this vendor will continue the relationship with Amazon.This makeup is creamy , covers well , and comes in a variety of shades to blend with almost any skin tone . And it is a lasting makeup . I get several month 's use from each tube . I also love this makeup , because I no longer have to worry about spills when I travel . It 's not magic , but it will cover those flaws and blemishes , of which I have far too many . It does n't cake or look garish . What else can you say ? It works!It is expensive , since it has to be imported , but it is worth the cost to me to . I love using it that much .
 I love this stuff as a foundation/cover-up stick since it 's blendable and also offers great coverage & evens my skin tone . Not necessarily a good choice if you have dry skin but for normal/combination skin it works well .
 The Royall Mandarin cologne was exactly as advertised , got to me quickly , and was a super value ... Nuff said !
 It leaves your skin like you have used lotion on it and you can also shave with it , not having to buy extra products to save with . It leaves you smelling wonderful . I am allergic to a lot of products but this one does not bother me at all . I love it and will continue to use it as long as it is made . I do n't care for the other ones as much as the pink one , for dry skin !
 Nice floral scent , simply luxurious . Perfect for both bubble baths and showers , a little goes a long way leaving you refreshed and moisturized . The competition pales in comparison ... yes , even the expensive name brands and Vickey 's Secret too :-RRB- For those who like to layer scents , there is also a coordinating lotion available . Just another wonderful product from Vitabath !
 I love this stuff !!! I have used it for several years and nothing can come to this for dry skin relief .
 Most products -LRB- soaps and gels -RRB- that I have tried leave my skin feeling dry and itchy - Vitabath Plus for Dry Skin is the only product I have found that does not irritate my sensitive skin . I love the light floral scent and the 32 oz bottle lasts the whole year .
 I have been using Vitabath gel for 40 years . On and off I have tried other products -LSB- mostly because I 've lived in odd places and could not find it -RSB- , but nothing compares . My skin is very dry and I grabbed the pink stuff as soon as it came on the market . I noticed the difference right away . Nothing leaves my skin as soft . It is expensive to buy , but this is mitigated by both what I save on body lotion and the fact that a little goes a long way . I need only about 1/2 teaspoon for a shower -LSB- that is WAY less than one pump full -RSB- . It is wonderful to be able to get it online now . Oh yes , I also save on perfume . I never wear any , but people are always asking what makes me smell so nice .
 This product use to readily available at most department stores , but not anymore . When I finally found it , I order the large size . It is great for the person with sensitive skin . Have recommended it to friends .
 I have been using this for more years than I can remember . I can no longer buy it locally so I buy it when I am in LA , however , I ran out & really missed it as I have dry skin . I did n't want to bother anyone there to send it so I went online & found you notonly carried it , but at a cheaper price than I usually pay , & you ship free . I tried other brands but none compare to theVitabath .
 Arrived on time and it is a good product . I have been using this product for a long time . I am going to buy more to give away as gifts to friends and family .
 I use the Vitabath moisturizing gell and body lotion together to get a silky feel to my skin . The fragrance is wonderful .
 My mother loves this product so I buy it as a gift for her . It 's a bit on the pricey side but worth it .
 I picked the extra moisture kind as my skin is super dry ... It smells good ... lasts a good long time and it is good for my skin ... For me it is the best ... AND it never needs a blessing ... It is already the best !!
 I was introduced to Vitabath -LRB- Badedas at that time -RRB- when my parents brought some back home from a trip to Europe , when I was 15 . I have used it ever since . I 've used the original Green and the Plus for Dry Skin the most . Tried the Spa once , but prefer the Plus and Green . Not that I had an issue with the Spa , but I 'm a creature of habit . It 's an engineer thing .
 This product is THE BEST . I 've been using it for years . I 'm consistently trying other products that my friends recommend or that I see out in the shops and , hands down , this one beats all of them . I have been living internationally and have tried everything abroad also and still - nothing comes close to this product . The smell is beautiful , it does not go away , it makes a zillion bubbles in a bath or just cleans away everything and leaves you fresh and clean all day .
 Wonderful for sensitive skin . Not only do I use it instead of soap in the shower ; I also use it on my 3 year old , and he has the softest , most wonderful smelling skin . I 'm sure he wo n't want to use it when he 's older -LRB- it 's pretty ` girly ' smelling -RRB- - but for now , I 'll keep using it on him and me . I love Vitabath !
 i have been using vitabath for the last 30 years , it is the most amazing product of all time.maqkes you fel alive . .
 I have given Vitabath every year as a present to my step-daughter who loves this product . This year I decided to also order the plus for dry skin for myself for the first time . I love the smell and how clean and moist my skin feels after my nightly showers .
 I enjoy a nice soak in the tub at the end of the day and , for me , luxurious bubbles enhance the experience . Bubble bath is difficult to find . I had used vitabath years ago when I purchased a travel kit . At the time I thought it was a great product and remembered reading that the bath gelee could be poured under running water to create bubbles . I bought the large bottle and it arrived with a pump . The pump had several advantages . You can pump an exact number of times to create the amount of bubbles perferred . For my large soaking tub I use 5 pumps under full running water . The bubbles are plentiful , last the entire bath , have a wonderful fresh scent , and really soften my skin .
 I 've been using this product for several years . While I experiment with different soaps during warm weather , I use only Vitabath Plus for Dry Skin from the first sign of cold weather to the last . It is the only product I 've found that keeps my skin moisturized during the cold , dry weather . It costs a little more than many other products , but it 's definitely worth it . And the 32 oz size lasts several months .
 I first starting using this in the 60 's because I read the Jackie O used Vitabath . Then it became very hard to find the original Pink product . Gave Amazon a shot and happily there it was . It 's so wonderfully moisturizing and the smell is like nothing else . So clean and fresh . So happy to have Vitabath back in my life .
 At risk of disclosing my age , I have been using Vitabath products for over 40 years . Vitabath Moisturizing Bath & Shower Gelee , Plus is everything they claim . I have lived in the desert , have backpacked at altitude , and I ski all of which are very dry environments . This product is part of my arsenal to keep my skin smooth and moist .
 I have been using Vitabath , called Badedas -LRB- sp ? -RRB- in Europe , for over 40 years . I have been using Vitabath Plus for Dry Skin for as long as it has been available . I can truly say it is the best bath gelee on the market . I have lived in the arid climate of California , ski at altitude , and Vitabath Plus for Dry Skin is one of the products that keeps my skin in great condition . I have often said if I were to be in dire financial straits and had to cut back on luxuries , this would be the last thing I would cut .
 My Mother , who turned 95 last June , has used this product for as long as I can remember ; whenever there is an opportunity for gift-giving , I always think of Vitabath Plus and know that the gift will bring a smile to her face.While I ca n't really say that Mother has lived to be 95 because she has used Vitabath Plus for so long , I can say that her skin is soft , luminescent , and supple . People always comment on and ask about her beautiful skin . In addition , I always notice the fragrance of the cleanser ; it is subtle and pleasant - not like a perfune.I know for a fact that Mother would never consider using anything else on her skin for her shower or bath . As well , her use of the product has certainly influenced others to give it a try .
 My wife has used this product for years . It is of good quality and is true to its advertising .
 Although I am not crazy about the smell of this product , it is most definitely moisturizing my tired , menopausal-aligator skin . I love the crazy lather and although it may seem expensive , you truly only need ONE pump to wash your whole person . I 'm pretty sure I will replace the used bottle with a new one .
 Vitabath shower gel is a great product . I have been using it for many years . I like the moisturizing one because I have dry skin . It feels great and smells nice - not too strong . It also helps keep the tub and shower cleaner because you do not get a build up of soap scum . I was glad I could find it on line because the retail stores where I used to purchase it do not carry it anymore .
 Love the Vitabath for Dry Skin . I 've been using this products for years . The 32 ounce lasts a long time . Very fast shipping and nicely packed .
 This keeps my skin from becoming dry . Its expensive but well worth it .
 Love Vitabath Moisturizing shower gelee and have used it for years . I like the fragrance and the feel of it on my skin . My only problem with the product is that it has paraben , which I 'm trying to avoid using since it 's been found to be carcinogenic . That said , I have n't stopped using my Vitabath , but do n't use it every day and alternate it with a paraban-free bath gel .
 I absolutely love Max Factor Auburn mascara . Ca n't find it in stores so was delighted to find it on Amazon . Sadly , the mascara was never delivered to me , the seller seemed indifferent but I got a refund from Amazon . Never really found out if the seller addressed it wrong or the US mail delivered it to the wrong house . Either way , I wo n't buy from the seller again .
 I hate mascara shopping ! Can never find a true brown . A friend told me about this one , in deep auburn . It goes great with my strawberry blonde hair . They quit selling it around here , so I 'm glad to see Amazon has it . And , it actually has a real brush , not those plastic things !
 My wife is looking for 6 months to buy MAX FACTOR - 2000 Calories Dramatic Look - and finaly someone offers it . BUT They do not ship to Canada ? : - -LRB-
 I ORDERED THESE FOR MY MOM AS A GIFT AND SHE WILL FLIP WHEN SHE GETS THESE ! ^_^ EXCELLENT SELLER ! FAST SHIPPING ! HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT ! ^_^
 This Revlon lipstick has been in existence many years - which is why I keep fearing that one of these days , it will be discontinued -LRB- like all of our favorites - right , ladies ? -RRB- That 's why I keep a big back-up supply!The color is perfect -- as is the consistency.Periodically , I stray to try something new -- but I come back to my favorite -- # 712 !!!!!
 Product was in nice condition was shipped VERY fast and seller was more than nice . Although I was disappointed in the color I will definitely be buying from this seller .
 OMG this is the BEST REVLON LIPSTICK COLOR ! AMAZING ! I would recommend it to anyone that is willing to be different !
 Not exactly ` my ' color but Mom loves it . She ca n't find it locally and found it on Amazon quickly . 2 tubes arrived in a huge box .
 My mother who is 82 has used this product for years and recently local stores have stopped carrying this shade . So thank-you for making her happy !!
 The product that was shipped was exactly as ordered . It was delayed because of the Christmas rush but those are the chances you take .
 I would recommend this shade of orange , the moon drops lipsticks never dissapoint . They are creamy and vivid , and never dry your lips .
 I had been searching for this color &#34; Blaise Apricot &#34; for some time and I foundit on Amazon . Its a really nice coral shade . Its long lasting and I getmany compliments . I 've bought some for myself and my friends whocommented on the shade . I would suggest to anyone who has beensearch for a coral like shade .
 This is my favorite lipstick in my favorite color . I bought a couple at an excellent price and am preparing to reorder .
 I had not been able to find this color at any of the stores that carry Revlon any more so I was glad to be able to purchase it on line .
 Just what I have been using for years but no longer can I find it at the local Walgreens or CVS
 Vitabath brings back memories of when my husband and I fell in love many many many years ago . This is very hard to find ; I know of only one store in Pittsburgh that carries it . Thanks for making this available and keeping the romance alive .
 I first discovered Vitabath back in the 70s when I was in college and fell in love with the refreshing , invigorating fragrance . You ca n't help but use the word `` pine '' or `` balsam '' when describing it , but that 's because it 's hard to think of another way to explain its fresh , clean scent . But do n't be concerned that you are going to walk around smelling like a logger . It certainly could appeal to men , but this is not a masculine fragrance.I tend to like soft floral lotions , powders , and soaps ; but when I want to feel cool and refreshed or if I want a wake-up shower in the morning , I grab Vitabath Spring Green Gelee . It 's an equally good shower gel , shaving gel , or bubble bath . Even though the fragrance is powerful , this gel does not irritate my skin like most deodarant soaps do.At one point a number of years ago , I had a hard time finding it in stores . This was before the convenience of online shopping . After much searching , I found a bottle of shower gel called Badedas , opened it up and smelled it , and was thrilled to find it was actually the German version of Vitabath . Fortunately you can order either one on Amazon now.Although Vitabath gelee comes in several other fragrances , their Original Spring Green is the most unique and the one that will give you that `` ready to face the world '' boost from your morning shower . An added bonus ... your bathroom will smell great ! Give this one a try .
 I received my order early and was so pleased with how easy it was to order from Amazon . I really enjoyed the new packaging as well , the pump makes it so much easier to use . I will be ordering again and will order the other Vitabath products as well .
 I ' , a verbena fan as well and love green smells . It 's very mild but very clean smelling . Natural girls would love this
 Just as ordered and in the original plastic . Perfect and made my Mom very happy for Xmas . Will definitely order again when she needs more . Thanks !
 I have used this product at my daughter 's house and LOVED it , so I purchased 4 bottles of this to give as gifts . I still do not have my order , as items I received were not what I ordered . After 3 weeks of trying to get an authorized return , I finally was able to return the wrong items . They should get them back exactly one month from the date I received it . I gave up a long time ago and canceled this order so I could have something else to give in a timely manner .
 Its a great present for Dad or anyone 's dad.Not a sweet perfume odor at all.Both men and women would like it .
 there is nothing like taking a bath or shower with Vita bath spring glee soap . There is no other bath jel that has that smell
 My family has used Vitabath gelee for years and love it . It is a very clean and refreshing bubble bath .
 A perfect shower gel , I used to use long ago , it has not changed always as good . satisfactory I do recommend it highly .
 Showering with Vitabath Gel brings back memories of my younger days ~ Vitabath was a luxury when I was in my 20s and has the same affect on me in my 60s ~ sheer luxury , and fresh , clean light fragrance that lingers both in the air and on the body . Lovely . Highly recommend for a perfect holiday gift for that someone specail &#34; who seems to have everything &#34; . -LRB- Lois - Parma , OH -RRB-
 THIS IS A WONDERFUL PRODUCT - MY WIFE BATHES WITH IT EVERY NIGHT.BUT , WHERE CAN I GET THE GALLON SIZE ?
 Great stuff , stimulating fragrance , super cleansing , rinses clean , a hint of fresh fragrance stays with you all day .
 Vita Bath Moisturizing Bath Gelee smells like fresh air after a shower in the woods . I had not been able to find it in departments stores , as I had in the past . It is great to be able to get it on line from Amazon .
 I bought this for a christmas gift , and I know that he will love it will be back for more
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and got it fast . It smells great . It was a big bottle and for the price I wold buy another .
 Gift for my father who loves it . My Mother always bought it for him ans it was her favorite on him .
 I Love wearing PAUL SEBASTIAN cologne by Paul Sebastian , it smells great and the women love it.As a well groom man in my profession as a accountant with a lot female clients earning over $ 100,000 plus / age 50 + they speak there mind.It also make me feel good with this type of attention and being a professional that know his business well.They talk : `` You say that you are happy with your wife and family '' `` You look and smell good , make a great living faithful to your wife `` It makes my bottom line.Try a bottle or two .
 de-luxe BAIN Body Wash , Rosemary Mint 17 fl oz -LRB- 500 ml -RRB- This is my favorite body wash I hate it when I 'm running low because no one sells it in Vermont . I have to order it online and then wait for it to arrive . Which is n't really a bad thing but I just wish I could go to a near by store and purchase it when I 'm running low it 's a more enjoyable than purchasing it online . I would recommend this product to anyone that enjoys the aroma of rosemary & mint together .
 Bought this for a friend in UK . She loved it - old favourite , impossible to get in UK now . Sadly , though it was a gift from me , she had to pay 14 pounds customs duty . Wish Amazon had told me about this.I would have been happy to pay upfront .
 My wife has long hair and loves what this does . Strengthens , smooths and hydrates . She says that it is one of the best products she ever used .
 Samsara has been my favorite scent since I first found it at age 19 back in 1990 . I occasionally wear other scents , but this remains my undying favorite . I always receive compliments when I wear it and I 've never tired of it . It is deep and complex scent with a beautiful mystical feeling which always makes me feel sexy and feminine . I recommend the Eau De Parfum simply because it easily lasts all day .
 My Wife is very pleased with this product . Twice as much product for only 2/3 of the costs buying locally . Arrived on time for it to make a nice Christmas gift . Easy to find at amazon.com . I can find just about anything I want to purchase at amazon.com . No need to leave home for shopping .
 This is by far is my favorite perfume . I 've been wearing it since i was seventeen and I always get compliments . Its not a flowery fragrance at all-smells like smoky vanilla and musk at first , then mellows out into somewhat sweet powdery scent . I think its a bit heavy for summer but for the cool months it ca n't be beat .
 This has been my signature scent since the year it came out . I get so many compliments when ever I wear it . FAST shipping & excellent product
 I had forgotten about this perfume ! I used to wear it about 10 years ago and had completely forgotten how much I loved it and when I saw it on Amazon , I knew I had to order it . I admit , I checked the websites of my local department stores and was amazed at how much more they wanted , so I came back and ordered it . Now when I wear it , I 'm reminded of things I did in my &#34; younger &#34; years !
 This is VERY hard to find , so I was grateful to find what looked like the last one on the Internet . It is a gift and the outer box is battered at the edges , but otherwise it 's find . Arrived very quickly and well-packaged . All in all , just fine .
 This is my moms favorite perfume and I got it at a great price . It came brand new in box just as described . I 'm glad I found and will use again .
 I always get asked &#34; what are you wearing &#34; or &#34; you really smell good &#34; . Really nice fragrance . I wear it in the fall and winter
 This is the real deal , genuine &#34; Samsara , Eau De Toilette &#34; in a large 3.4 ounce bottle . Excellent price , protectively well packaged , and it arrived quite quickly . Great vendor , highly recommended !
 I Love Samsara !! I bought it for myself as a Christmas gift !! I 've been wearing it for 10 + yrs !! It 's my Fave !!
 I 've uses samsara for years . Great scent that lasts for hours . Lots of compliments . Not too heavy , flowery or sweet
 My wife likes this product and she isuse it for more 20 years ago and I like it too for many years .
 I have been wearing Samsara for 15 years . It has such a seductive scent that people stop me to ask what perfume I 'm wearing ! I found that no other scent lasted as long or got me such wonderful compliments . I 'm a Samsara user for life !
 Purchashed for my wife . She has gotten alot of compliments on the smell . A very good buy , also because it ` s 4 times cheaper than the best price that I could find here in Brazil .
 Samsara is great . I always get it for my wife for special occasions like anniversaries . This was a good price and online buying is a good convenience .
 I love Samsara . . it is so very very nice ... it 's sexy ... and I get a lot of compliments and a lot of . . OHHHH you smell sooo good : -RRB-
 This is one of the best smelling perfumes of all time . I am always complimented on how good I always smell . I can not smell the perfume throughout the day , but everyone else can , they loved it , so do I. I have tried many others but I always go back to samsara , no matter what .
 Great deal on this magnificent perfume , I couldnt be happier . Its the second time I have used Amazon to purchase this perfume for my mothers Christmas presents !!
 I 've worn Samsara Eau De Toilette by Guerlain for several years which says a lot . Normally , I get bored and move on to a new scent . But Samsara is an addictive scent . It 's light , clean and sensual . Without fail , when I wear it someone notices , likes it , and asks what scent it is . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Received quickly and in perfect condition . Better deal than I could find at any of the department stores . Very pleased .
 I found this sent many years ago when I was in my early twenties and I have always been very fond of it and it has an intrigingly wonderful scent that lasts throughout the day .
 About 10 years ago when my husband was in the Orient , he bought me a bottle of Samsara and I have worn no other perfume since .
 I love this perfume but hate mall perfume counters . This perfume drives me crazy . Do n't know what is in it but I love it on my wife .
 Samsara has captivated the best of the fantasy . I hardly for years tried to convince someone to try other fragances but failed , and Samsara continues to ve the maximum among exquisite and strength .
 If you have a young teen girl in the house or even an almost pre-teen , this gift is made to order . It will keep her busy and out of trouble for hours and hours . You wo n't have to worry what she is up to because she 'll be down the basement with all her teeny friends , they will be painting their finger and toe nails .
 I got a small tube of this lip gloss in a Lancome give-away pack over a year ago when I bought some make-up for my sister 's wedding.I love it so much that I just had to track down the exact `` colour '' when the original tube was running low . It was a little hard to find -LRB- as I guess they stop making these things eventually -RRB- so I bought TWO just incase I could n't find it again !
 This is perfect for spring/summer . It just gives your lips a slight pink glossy tint . I love it !
 Lancome Juicy Tubes in Fraise is my all-time favourite lip gloss
 I am a lip gloss addict , I have purchased many different brands of lip glosses from drug store ones that are a few bucks to expensive brands like Chanel & Dior . Lancome Juicy Tube is the only one that I would repurchase . The main thing I like about them is their high shine and their yummy scents . They glide on nice and even , a little bit on the thick side but does n't that that heavy and sticky feel . My favorite shades are Baby Doll -LRB- which is hard to find now -RRB- & Dreamsicle . I got Spring Fling too , its nice when you just want your lips to shine without showing any particular color , I just find it too sheer , it has basically no color on your lips . `` Dreamsicle '' is my all time favorite , my lips are naturally darker in color which I hate , I love the pale pink , somewhat nude look Dreamsicle 's pearly color can lighten my lips , its still sheer but its got just the right amount of color showing , it looks like I am wearing a baby pink color gloss . Dreamsicle also has orange-cream scent , almost same as the scent for `` Simmer '' . Very yummy and glossy.I will continue to try other Juicy Tubes , ca n't wait to see new shades comes out !
 This is about the best hairspray for the money . It sprays with a fine mist and dries instantly to hold your hair in place . The sprayer never clogs . It is not sticky or tacky . Does not make your hair stiff but holds your hairstyle as good as the expensive brands or better . Nice scent too .
 I have used MANY tanning lotions , some with mega tingle to just bronzers and this by FAR has out done them ALL . It smells good , and does n't leave you smelling like ` tanning bed ' . Also this lotion does not turn you orange like some of the bronzers do and goes on smoothly and does n't leave a ` film ' on your skin . I have tried the bombshell , beyond black , black , luminary etc. and none work as well , I always wind up going back to FIRE WALKER . If you want a deep , dark tan try it ; I swear by it ! I love how it incorporates a tingler with cooler , bronzer AND tan accelerator .
 great product and shipped fast !! A + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I gave it as a Christmas present for my grandson he were his hair very short and he loved it
 Great product . Bought for my son for Christmas . He was do happy . He said they were just what he needed
 Very good kit , all the accessories gives one a real professional feel while working with it . Very pleased with this kit .
 This Andis trimmer is perfect for home use . This is my second purchase of this product . The first one is still going strong after almost two years of consistent use . I recommend this product .
 i bought it for my husband ... its easy to use and clean ... have it used it atleast 7-8 times ... no problems at all .
 I found this product on Amazon.com and decided to try it out because I 'm tired of over paying for my basic `` buzz '' style hair cuts . To say I was satisfied is an under statement !! Fast service and delivery , the product is awesome , with all the different attachments my styles are limitless . Now I give myself a hair cut whenever I need to for free ...
 I think the product is really good , good quality for your money . When I turned it on it sounded really powerfull . I 'm really happy with my purchase .
 I have never heard of this brand before , so I gave a try . Well I love it !! It cuts hair like its butter . Smooth and fast . Easy to use . I recommend this item to everyone .
 I 'm ordering a second set of these clippers . I would continue using my first set , but we 're remodeling and I have no idea where my wife put them . At a minimum of $ 15 for a haircut , there is no point in paying to have someone else cut my hair even once because these babies just about pay for themselves on a single cut.My first pair have worked flawlessly for the past year or two . The combs snap on solidly and everything works really well . Pressed for negative comments , I wish the power cord was a little more substantial , it does twist a bit . But that also means it is lighter and does n't drag and pull and much , so I ca n't say how much of a negative it really is . There are lots of clippers in the $ 20-30 range . I would n't be buying these again if I did n't like them .
 i paid for it on -LRB- sat -RRB- and it was at my door on -LRB- mon -RRB- that was great i just used it for the fist time it had a lot of power.it was a fast hair cut i am real happy that i got this
 I bought this product after my daughter 's old one finally broke . I did n't care for the others I saw online . Then I typed one in on Amazon and there it was , the exact one she was looking for ! I could n't wait for it to arrive . It has a lot of power and she uses it on the low setting to get a perfectly dry finish . I would recomend this dryer to those who likes a salon finish to their hair . My daughter was thrilled with her surprise replacement dryer .
 I strongly disagree with KK 's view `` Karyn '' 's review of this soap . Honestly , this is the best soap I have ever used in my entire life ! Unlike other soaps that claim to have fragrance , this soap actually does have the aromatherapeutic oils that make it very fragrant . I remember using this soap in the shower . It smelled so good and so natural ! The fragrance lingered for a few hours after the shower . It did not make my skin dry . If my skin had been dry then , I would have used skin moisturizer and not blamed it on the soap . I had always used liquid bodywash since I found it to be more user-friendly . But ever since using this soap , I have not liked the variety of liquid bodywash products available in stores as much . Using this soap for the first time has convinced me to use it more often and not use any liquid bodywash . Another plus point of this soap is that it lasts long . Using this soap in the shower feels like a true luxury ! I highly recommend this product . I wish I could rate it more than 5 stars !
 A.K. 's review is spot on . The fragrance of this soap is so fresh and clean . I have extremely dry skin and it did not dry it any more than any other soap product . Liquid shower soap is very drying and like A.K. stated , the frangrances are not so good . Almost nauseating ; same with shampoo these days . No standouts . Wonderful soap !
 THIS ITEM WOULD BE RECOMMENDED , BECAUSE IT 'S NICE ON THE SKIN AND SOFTEN AND LEAVES PRETTY CLEAR SKIN , THIS WOULD BE INCLUDED IN A GIFT BAG .
 After the age of 40 , and more so after 50 , as most women know , the skin on your face becomes more dry , less elastic and less radiant . I have been using this milk cleanser for quite some time and my skin is not only clean and smooth , it is radiant and certainly not dry -LRB- lessens the aging signs -RRB- . Make up comes off very well , and your skin feels wonderful . I highly recommend this product .
 The cleansing milk is outstanding . I suffer from dry skin and after using this product , my skin began to change in about one week to moist and supple . This product is very gentle and has a great smell . I highly recommend Phytomer .
 This is a wonderful , high-quality cleanser that is nice and gentle on the skin . It 's rather pricey but a little bit goes a long way .
 I started using this as recommended by facial gal and it is very gentle . My skin is happiest when I use this product .
 I love this product ! It 's not oily , but it cleans my skin and leaves it feeling moisturized rather than &#34; stripped &#34; of its natural moisture . It 's a bargain for the amount of it you get , what it takes to clean my skin , and the total cost . It will last me a lonnnnnnngggg time !
 I have had combination skin -LRB- normal/oily -RRB- since my teens and was constantly `` stripping '' it with harsh cleansers to get a matte look -LRB- which of course would result in overproduction of oil hours later -RRB- . A serendipitous high-end facial in my early 20s changed all that when the aesthetician used this product . I was amazed by how `` comfortable '' my skin felt , and there was no rebound-oil effect . I immediately bought a bottle and have used it for 10 years since . It is critical for my acne control and is excellent for makeup removal as well . A staple - highly recommended .
 i have been using this product for at least 10 years and it is great . makes my skin feel soft and clean and gets all the make up off in a soothing way . very creamy and rich
 I used to use Dior Show , Lancome Hypnosis , or Badgal Lash then I eventually switched to Almay Intense I-Color Mascara but the bottle dries out in a week and I noticed that even with makeup remover it was tough on my lashes to get it off . Luckily I tried L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara because I love it as much as my Badgal and it is a 4th of the cost . For people who have problems with clumping they probably are n't swiping the excess off the brush before they apply and they have to finish one I completely before they switch to the other . To apply with a clean brush simply hold the wand handle and slide the bristles against the opening of the bottle so there are n't any goopy areas on the brush . I use to do this with my Dior show as well . In addition to applying with a clean brush , you will also want to start at the base of your lash line and use a zig-zag motion as you draw the wand up your lashes . If you are getting clumps then just work on your application . A lot of the thickening/volume mascaras will look clumpy if you do n't clean ans zig-zag . You can also use a lash comb right after applying -LRB- before it sets -RRB- if you want to get every lash combed out but this will reduce the thick look of your lashes . In addition to this note that can hopefully help you make a choice these are some additional pros.Pros : - Thickens and Lengthens - Does n't clump when used correctly - The Carbon Black is a nice deep black color - Depending on your look for the day you can do a light one coat or layer it on to do that sex kitten eye look - I think it healed my lashes from the damage the Almay brand did , really nourishing - Washes off easily , I do n't even need makeup remover now , yay ! - I 'm only on day 20 with this but I do think it will last the full month-Curved brush so you can really get every lash and sweep them upward
 I 've been through a TON of mascaras over the years , and this one 's my fave . I put a light layer on first , then go back over for the real volume . I have long lashes that are blonde at the ends , so this stuff makes them pop like magic . It lasts a few months before I can tell it 's getting dry and it 's time to get a new one . I love to layer this mascara , I get it in brown/black since that goes with my coloring.It really adds volume and length if you put it on carefully . I wipe the excess off the brush back into the bottle . Once I had a system for putting it on , it 's amazing . It 's 8 bucks a tube at Walgreen 's , so def a good deal on here . It stays on so well it can be hard to get off . I use Trader Joe 's Nourish face cleanser , and it 's tear-free so I can rub it on my eyes .
 thin lashes longer and fuller without smudging or clumping . I want something that is easy to use , both when I apply in the morning and when I take it off at night.In the past , I think I 've made a mistake by purchasing products labeled as `` waterproof '' -LRB- somehow , I thought that this was necessary both for when I 'm wearing contact and for better wearability -RRB- . This time , however , I purchased the original version of L'Oreal Voluminous . I have been very happy with this product . Normally I do n't particularly like a curved brush , but I find this one easy to use and just the right size . Although from the name of the mascara , one would expect it mainly to provide volume , it also does a great job of lengthening and separating my lashes with no clumping . Overall , my lashes appear both longer and fuller while still looking natural -- perfect for everyday . The mascara stays on my lashes all day without clumping , fading , or flaking , yet it also washes off easily with cleanser at night.So what makes this mascara less than perfect ? The one issue that I have with this mascara is that when removing the wand , too much product comes out on the brush . This requires me to either wipe the excess off with a tissue -LRB- which I do n't like to do because 1 -RRB- it 's wasteful and 2 -RRB- it risks issues fibers getting into my eyes -RRB- , or wipe the excess on the rim of the tube , which is what I usually do . However , this can be messy , and it is kind of a pain -- why ca n't manufacturers just put something inside the tube which would swipe off the excess product as the wand is being pulled out of the tube?Despite this one -LRB- relatively minor -RRB- flaw , this is my current favorite mascara , and I definitely will re-purchase .
 I prefer curved brushes and this is one of the mascaras I use regularly . Used to use Almay until it was hard to find my color with the curved brush in stores .
 Came as it does in the store , works perfectly , and costs so much less ... I may look for the correct colours in the store but will always buy fromAmazon !
 Love this Mascara ! This is the only mascara that works for me . I love that it was such a great price .
 LOVE this product ! Have been using voluminous for years and years and even though I 've tried other products such as Benefit Bad Gal Lash and DiorShow , I always come back to this one . No other product seems to beat this one for quality vs. price or even just quality all on its own . The curved brush seems to work a lot better than the straight but I love my lashes super , super dark . If you 're trying to decide between this and a designer name , I highly suggest you give this bad boy a shot first and if you do n't like it -LRB- which I would be very surprised , but hey , everyone has their own beauty product that they adore -RRB- you only gave up $ 5 . Hope this helps !
 This `` Intense '' line is nice . I like the original Pleasures a little better .
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 `` Product is fantastic . Very rich and versatile . The eyeshadows are always a hit with the models and stylists during photoshoots and fashion events . As for packaging , it 's very well secured for shipping . Processing and delivery was and quick . Looking forward to more purchases . ''
 Romance is a gorgeous floral , classy and elegant . Sexy and understated . However , I wish I had spritzed one time this morning behind my knee and not twice . Like most real perfume , a tad too much can be LOUD at the office . This product is not a body spray , which most of us are used to , it is the real thing . Enjoy in moderation .
 I love this scent and it lasts all day !! You just need one or two sprays and your good to go !! I get so many compliments !!
 Thourougly enjoy perfume . I am happy with the perfume . I use it daily . Thank you . I have nothing more to add .
 I had previously purchased this fragance a few years ago for my daughter at Macy 's and it was very expensive.She absolutely loves it .
 didnt realize how small it was . Still , came on time . Great Christmas gift idea . Would repurchase but for a bigger size .
 I ordered this product because my friend said this perfume has a great smell , I ordered it and she was right it does smell really good . I recommend this product to a women who wants a perfume that smells good .
 Ralph Lauren is my favorite brand of perfume ! This is my second bottle already , and it is a great perfume with a not pricey price ! : -RRB-
 I use this product all the time and love it . I have told others about it and now they use it . I will always order it from Amazon from now on .
 This product is great because it seems to have benefits for any skin type . It acts as a slightly exfoliating , absorbent mask , from the Dead Sea -- the black mud , but one thing that makes this product rise above the other masks out there or dead sea products is in how gentle it is , and yet so effective . This mask is FAR less drying than other dead sea related products , but yet effective . Dry skin should n't have a problem with it , and it would be very beneficial for normal or oily skin as well , because the mud simply does its job . Ultimate Spa made a great product with this mask , and almost should have added `` for sensitive skin '' because it is such a soothing mask , and I can not see anyone having a problem with it . It has a very light scent , and if it was n't for that , I doubt this product would have any scent ! It is very light-all around , and a perfect addition to other dead-sea products .
 What a great bold color . Looks like a red orange . It 's OPI so you know it goes on smooth . The nail polish came faster then I thought
 I really like this make up and found it to be better shade and quality , with SPF , than what I could buy in the drugstore for the same price-because it came with two bottles , and I had never noticed it in store before.I am glad I tried it and will use Amazon.com next time I want cosmetics .
 The flat Iron works perfectly well with plenty of heat . The ad is deceiving because the iron does not produce any steam , the steam comes from your hair if you leave it wet . For the price , you ca n't beat this product . It is about 1/4 the prices of similar products .
 I have bought 4 of these straightners . One for a granddaughter , one for my daughter , one for my step-daughter and one for myself . It is not steam as it says , but what a great straighter . It has worked wonders on everyone 's hair . Curly , fine , straight or thick , it does n't make any difference . It is quick and good .
 I bought this product for my daughter who used a typical electric hair straighter on her hair for a couple years . The other hair straighteners left her hair weak and damaged . When I bought her this hair straightener , her hair now shines as a picture of health . -LRB- Damage Repaired -RRB- .
 This iron is hot . I have to say that my hair is a little thick and curly , but this thing eventually does the job even on my locks .
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 It says that it does n't have any smell but it has some kind of fresh smells and i love it !
 Works great and it smells good . . i 'm impressed . arrived in good box and was good to go . noticeable difference after first use . . make sure to wash face before using this then use a facial moisturizer after .
 Keep looking for a photo of the color , it 's out there somewhere . This is a mauvy light pink , that 's neutral and inconspicuous , nice everyday color .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 Overall the Royce Toiletry Bag w/zippered Bottom Compartment is a first class piece of luggagebut the bottom compartment does take space away from the main top compartmemt . Materials and workmanship are 2nd to none . If the top compartment were a little larger I 'd give 5 stars easy . As it is , it is a strong 4 . ****
 I travel quite a bit and the trips are never usually short . I needed something to carry at least two weeks worth of toiletries for use on business trips.This is just what the Doctor ordered . The size is large enough to accommodate full sized bottles , but not too big to pack in a carry on.In this I am able to fit everything in the main compartment -LRB- 1 full size shampoo bottle , 1 full size body soap bottle , razor , regular size shaving cream can , tooth brush , tooth paste , comb -RRB- . The second compartment holds my travel medicines and has loops to help organize.The leather is good quality and has shown no sign of wear in almost two months of constant use.I would recommend this to any frequent travelers .
 Bag arrived promptly and in was packaged very well . Leather appears to be great quality , zippers seem durable , and product looks like it will last a while . Came with three plastic travel size bottles and a mesh bag that Velcro 's in the the bottom compartment . Product is exactly what i was looking for . The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the price . Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend so it has n't been used yet , but I think he is really going enjoy having it as he is a frequent traveler .
 arrived fast , very nice looking ! I bought this as a gift , it was a home run !! The leather was very nice and the extras in the bottom zipper was an added plus .
 Sometimes ytou cant describe you really feel about something you love , and the best way that I can describe how happy I am with this toiletry bag is , WOOOOW !!! I love it .
 Got this for my brother for his birthday . The men at the reunion were raving about it . The quality of the leather is incredible . You can tell its a well made product and will be lasting for a quite few years . Would definitley recommend
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 I 'm getting ready to buy my second tube of this lipgloss . I like the light cinnamon scent and the color is nice on probably anyone . It 's pretty sheer but it still has some tint to it . love it .
 This is nice blush but they are really small . I was surprised by that . They are probably 2.5 centimeters in diameter . Not sure it will last that long but we will see . Also did not like that they do n't come in a container so I am storing mine in the box it came in . A little strange .
 The colors work great for me and the texture is nice . Nice product . Would buy again . Its great that the amount is small to make sure color is right .
 I love this solid perfume because it is just that , Solid Perfume . You can carry it with you and not worry about it leaking all over your purse . Blue Orchard is my favorite from the Shanghaijava collection . It is sort of an exotic floral vanilla fragrance . I prefer perfumes that have vanilla undertone .
 I really like this make up and found it to be better shade and quality , with SPF , than what I could buy in the drugstore for the same price-because it came with two bottles , and I had never noticed it in store before.I am glad I tried it and will use Amazon.com next time I want cosmetics .
 This lip gloss is so smooth . It makes my lips look nice , full , and shiny . I love it . Also has a very nice scent .
 Yes , Yes ! Horray ! The day has finally come . I 've found a facial cleanser I never want to give up . Like many i 've tried everything that 's come out , wasting a lot of money in the process . I gave up and went to a dermatologist after trying to battle occasional breakouts , combination skin -LRB- or i think that 's what it is ... it 's oily , it 's dry , ... it 's everything thrown together -RRB- , and facewashes that left my face feeling tight . This is what she gave me . She uses it and the Neutragena Moisture with SPF 15 ... and that 's it . Oh , and Aveno lotion on the rest of her body . No other products . No wrinkle cream . No eye cream . Nothing.So , I pitched everything else and my skin 's so much happier . It 's been almost a year and i 'll never switch again . I hope this saves someone a lot of frustration .
 I have Keratosis Pilaris on my face which makes it very sensitive and dry . I have had my share of skin problems , but this product is great . My dermatologist recommended it to me -LRB- because putting body washes on my face was causing problems -RRB- and I have been using it for three years . It is light -LRB- maybe a bit too drying -RRB- , but I can tell it really does a good job cleaning . I does not aggrivated my sensitive skin either . It has the best balance between gentleness and cleaning power that I have found.It also is non-scented or very lightly scented so it does n't bother me .
 I 've been using it for about 2 years and it 's the only one that does n't leave my skin tight and dry . It does n't take off mascara -LRB- actually it depends on the mascara -RRB- but that 's not a problem . I 'm 52 and my son is 12 and it 's the only cleanser I 've found that we can both use so it saves having to buy 2 different ones . It 's really great and inexpensive . You should try it .
 I bought this cleanser/make-up remover on a whim and am really glad I did ! I am currently using non-waterproof mascara , and I find that this cleanser removes even `` date night '' make-up , including the mascara -LRB- I do make a point of spending extra time massaging the cleanser over my closed lids and lashes -RRB- . It also leaves my skin feeling very clean . I can imagine using this in the shower when I want to take off the day 's make-up and start fresh for an evening event ... there would n't be any eye-make-up-remover residue to cause my mascara to run ! It saves time , too , because you can skip the make-up remover step.I am 43 years old and have oily , blemish-prone skin . I can imagine that someone with drier skin might want a creamier cleanser , but , for me , this stuff works great !
 Great cleanser
 This is a great cleanser . I have been using it for 5 years ans will continue to do so . It takes off all kinds of makeup , including eye makeup and waterproof . It is n't irritating and it does n't leave the dry . My skin always feels very fresh and clean after using this . It 's great for sensitive skins or oil prone or even normal skin . I 'm very happy and the price is great . It lasts for many months .
 Okay , so I first heard about this product when I was Target and took a facial evaluation a few weeks ago , just for kicks . I did n't think much about it since my face was alright the way it was . THEN summer came and I was breaking out like crazy ! I went back to Target to get a Cetaphil cleanser for sensitive skin , but the store did n't have it . I was about to leave empty handed , when I remember that face evaluation , and took the cleanser . When I tried it for the first time , it felt weird as I rinsed my face , I thought it was n't going to go well since it felt a little oily , BUT as I pat dried my face , it felt so soft and CLEAN . I was like wow ! Granted , this is n't a cleanser with any acne medication , but I was still pleased with the way it made my face feel.Highly recommended !!!!
 This is one of the best face cleansers I 've ever used . The products I have used before were Clinique , Prescriptives , Estee Lauder , etc. . This product beats all of those hands down . It has a clean fresh scent and it gets rid of the make up on your face without stripping it dry . It leaves my skin feeling refreshed and clean . It does not get rid of mascara so I use a separate product but I 've always done that . I will definitely buy this product again and its easily purchased at any drugstore and you can not beat the price either .
 I have very dry skin and was searching for the right body lotion for years . I tried Cetaphil , Vaseline , Aveeno , Kerri , but none of them were ideal that my skin was still flaky by the end of the day ; yes I was shedding.I was literally jumping for joy the first time I put on Neutrogena Body Emulsion b/c my skin had never felt so smooth ever . That was over 15 years ago , and it still works its magic . I tried some other products from time to time , but always came back to Neutrogena Body Emulsion . It 's hydrating and absorted well . Most importantly it 's long lasting for good 24 hours ; who can put on body lotion twice a day.I use it year-around , and it 's the BEST !! If you have very dry skin , you must give it a try .
 Neutrogena 's Body Emuslion is great as a lotion for dry skin , especially during winter . The product is able to keep the skin moist for many long hours . No other lotion has worked for me .
 This is my favorite lotion . I have pretty dry skin in the winter and I 'm constantly on the lookout for a really good lotion . But I 've stopped looking ! Neutrogena 's Body Emulsion is excellent.The only downside to it is that for just a few minutes after putting it on , your skin feels a little greasy . However , I have n't seen a lotion that is this thick that goes on and soaks right in . So I do n't think it 's a unique issue .
 I have a certain kind of rosacea , and this lotion has been my only successful solution for years . It appears to have been discontinued , and nothing else seems to work . Bring it back , Neutrogena !
 Great product to use . I order and use this product . Would recommend . The smell is not overwelming and it not greasy .
 Great product , but does n't make you as dark as other lotions I have used - I have a fairly pale complextion so for those of you who tan within being in 5minutes in the sun will probably see different results . But used in a tanning bed or in the real sun you 'll def see a difference .
 I purchased this lotion via another medium but wanted to leave a review as I generally find them helpful in selecting lotions.I actually like the smell , and without the bronzing ingredients it does n't leave your skin smelling like burnt hair later in the day either . Upon applying it smells like a posh overpriced resort lotion of sorts and now that I 've tanned and gone on about my day there is no frangrence at all really except a faint sweet perfumey smell.This product does n't have silicone like the ones I 've tried in the past so it does n't go on like that , but it is rich , and moisturizing.Upon application it did have a little . . hmmm I try to avoid using tingle because it 's not a tingle loton , but it does have an initial reaction on your skin . I did n't notice that I was any hotter in the bed or after the bed than with other lotions.I have gotten color , I 've only been out of the bed for about 2 hours . I used high pressure today for 12 minutes each side . This generally gives good color no matter what lotion I utilize and that 's what I 'm coming too is that ... I 've not noticed a huge difference between any lotion so long as I keep to a regular tannning schedule . I look for things like moisture , anti aging , anti cellulite , and anti everything I 'm dammaging by sitting in those beds :-RRB- This seems to fit the bill as well as any other and the price is right .
 I bought these when pregnant with my third child . I originally got them for cutting her nails but to be honest they have become the `` safe '' scissors for all other things in her nursery -LRB- tags from clothes , diaper packages , and her bangs ever so often -RRB- They are rounded on the edge and too cute for words !
 This is a great acne cream - the 2.5 % Benzoyl Peroxide forumla does n't dry my skin like other BP creams do . It 's still as effective in fighting acne , however . That makes it better than other creams since I can use this everyday , 2 times a day , without my skin getting dry . With other creams , I have to give my skin a break every couple of days because of how drying they are . Definitely give this a try , along with a good moisturizer like Neutrogina Moisture Oil Free Formula SPF-15 . Also be sure to read more helpful information from www.acne.org - which is where I got started . By the way , I have severe acne and have tried many , many different medications including antibiotics and Retin-A . -LRB- I stopped short of using Accutane because of the risks of side effects -RRB- . This cream along with the moisturizer has kept my acne in check , thank goodness .
 Neutrogena Rainbath Awakening , Shower and Bath Gel is an absolutely wonderful product ! The scent is a sweet , floral scent that 's strong enough to last for hours on my skin -- but is n't overpowering . It works up into a nice rich lather and makes my skin feel nice and soft . It 's also nice and moisturizing . However , it 's very thick and , at times , hard to pump . But that would be my only complaint about it . I felt very refreshed and smelled wonderful each time I used this . It was n't something I used everyday , just when I wanted to feel special . I 'll definitely share this with my friends !
 My wife and I really enjoyed this product . We received the citrus and it has a really nice smell . I 'd recommend this product . It 's more expensive in comparison to the products we normally use , but it 's a nice change .
 Neutrogena Rainbath Awakening Shower and Bath Gel is wonderful . It really made my skin soft and has a very pleasant smell . I really liked that the scent stays with me longer than with using soap . Hours after I 'd used it , I could still smell its fragrance . I 've recommended this particular product to my family and friends .
 Wow , what a great shower gel . I have dry , sensitive skin and was a little leery to try this product . But I have to say I 'm very pleased . It was gentle to my skin and not in the least bit drying . To be honest , it did moisturize my skin . I absolutely love the fragrance . This is best shower gel I 've tried to date . It 's going on my '' `` must buy '' '' list .
 The Neutrogena Awakening Rainbath is a good product . Yet , I really did n't see a significant difference between Rainbath than my regular body wash . The smell was wonderful , but I do n't know about the catch phase '' `` Stimulates Your Senses . '' '' My senses were n't stimulated at all . My skin was left in no better condition than before I used the product . I 'd probably purchase the product again because of the fragrance if the product was on sale .
 This product can definitely be wrapped up with one word -- WOW !! I thought it would be like most other shower gels
 I really enjoyed trying the Neutrogena Awakening Shower and Bath Gel . The gel works great in the shower , and it 's easy to dispense and not get out too much product . I really liked it . My skin was very smooth and easy to moisturize following my shower . The fragrance is citrus -- but not too overpowering or long lasting , if that 's not your thing !
 This bar is much better than liquid shampoo I used to bathe my boy shihtzu with . The scent is light which dries down to a trace of popcorn-like smell which is adorable . On top of everything , it makes his hair well moisturized and smooth , very easy to comb . Will buy again .
 As we all know , washing our favorite canine friend can be a challenge at times as they do n't always cooperate . For years I have been using products that I could find at my local pet shop and they have all been liquid shampoo allegedly formulated for a `` dog 's sensitive skin '' . The problem is that it takes a lot of shampoo and associated effort to get all the parts properly cleansed . On the one hand , my dog , a mini schnauzer , keeps moving so the shampoo I have just squeezed out onto my palm and am desperately trying to distribute to his chest or rear leg is dripping and even when I get it where it needs to be it never seems to be enough . I find myself using a lot of liquid shampoo to do the job and the constant need to pick up the bottle or pump more onto my hand gives my pooch an opportunity to try to get away from me further complicating the task . In the end , I use a lot of shampoo to get this relative small , long haired dog clean . Another issue for me is the smell of dog shampoo as most of them are overly scented and artificial smelling.I had often wished that I could find a bar of soap specially formulated for a canine that is not overly scented and leaves their coat nice and shiny . Well , this soap does it and does it well . When using a bar of soap there is no need to keep going back to the bottle to get more as you have all you need right in your hand . Washing the dog with this product takes a lot less time and it rinses out completely with ease . I can get my dog washed in just a few minutes and as I always have one hand on the dog , he is easier to control and more cooperative.I first wet him down completely avoiding his head but getting every part of his body nice and wet . Then I take the bar of soap in my hand and get every part nicely lathered up which is easier with the source of soap firmly in your hand . I then rinse his entire body and then wet his head as that is the part he really does n't like . I then soap up his beard/muzzle , neck and head avoiding his eyes and quickly rinse him off with a hand held sprayer protecting his nose from direct contact with the water . After one final rinse of his body he is wrapped in a large towel and happily rubs his face and body into it drying himself off . The smell of the soap is wonderful and mild with a hint of cinnamon and sage and it leaves his fur nice and shiny . Fortunately , it does not irritate his skin or cause flaking or itching so all in all , we are both happy with the product.So why only four stars ? It is a rather small bar -LRB- only 3 oz -RRB- for the price and does n't last too long , so you should buy a few at a time . Once you have tried it you will never go back to liquid shampoo again .
 Since I have nearly eight different bodywashes and shower gels in my shower , I consider myself somewhat of an expert . I was excited to review this Neutrogena Rainbath scent , since I grew up using the original Rainbath . Overall , this shower gel was great . It was surprisingly moisturizing for a gel and felt silky going on . Afterwards , my skin was n't quite as dry as other bodywashes leave it . And the scent was very pleasant and mild , even if it did n't quite awaken my senses as promised . This is another great product from the Neutrogena family that I 'll continue to use .
 Neutrogena has always been a name I could trust , and it did n't let me down this time . The Citrus Marine Rainbath is a wonderful product . The smell is awesome . It leaves me feeling clean and refreshed , and the smell lingered for quite a while . It left my skin smooth and soft . I ran the shower gel under running water in my bathtub , and it relaxed me and left me feeling rejuvenated !! I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 I really liked this Neutrogena Rainbath . It had a really nice scent and it lathered rather well . I gave it only four stars , because I feel there are some better products out there . But for the price , this product is a great buy . The quality is nice , but I feel that philosophy products are much better . Overall , I 'd recommend this to my friends because it has a great scent and a very nice price .
 I used other Rainbath products when I was in college -- a little more than 10 years ago . I liked them for a while , but I remember quitting them because they were so oily and seemed to be clogging my pores . But no longer ! I like the fact that this product moisturizes as it cleans , but I 'd still only use this product during the cooler months . I tend to sweat more when I 'm wearing anything greasy , and this product might cause that in the hottest months . Also , in the summer I prefer a deodorant wash , to help in that arena , ha-ha ! But when it 's cool out , I recommend this product . It has a refreshing smell and moisturizes nicely .
 Great scent , and a great moisturizing product . I LOVE Neutrogena Rainbath , Citrus Marine Scent and will definitely buy it again !
 This review is from
 this was the nicest shower mirror Ive used and tried . ive used and sent back 3 other mirrors . this one comes with more no fog applicant . that is reusable . the mirror swivels and can be mounted multiple ways . the suction cups are 2 suction cups in one . you get 2 suctions . strong . very nice . buy this one and the price wow !!!
 Perfect , just what I needed , the quality of t he mirror is readily evident and the construction is sturdy . Nice product .
 I used to dye my hair for fun now that I am 40 I have to color . I get tons of compliments on this hair color . I have dark mousy brown hair and it makes my hair a burgundy dark color red ... I have been using about a year . And it does n't fade . Just make sure you use wen shampoo or Jonathatn shampoo that does not have any sulfates in it . Sulfates takes out hair dye ...
 Whenever possible , I try to buy the 3pk of Lipsmackers because it saves some money.I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 Whenever possible , I try to buy the 3pk of Lipsmackers because it saves some money.I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 I 've been using this product for several years now and I love it . With the 2-step process it covers my gray very well and makes new growth less obvious . As with all henna haircolors , it does take a little more work , but it 's well worth it in the end . My scalp loves me for it as there is absolutely no irritation from the henna . And , since I began using this product , my hair feels healthier and appears shinier .
 I have used this product and had excellent results . My scalp was happier , and the color -LRB- auburn -RRB- was vibrant and natural . Preparation and application do take some time ; however , I 've also found that there is a generous amount in the box ; I was able to divide the amount in half , and get two applications from one box - and I have fairly long hair , often I run a bit short if I 'm used a conventional haircolor such as L'Oreal or Clairol . For my health , and the health of my hair , I will continue to use this product .
 You have to be patient with the sloppy process , but it 's a great product otherwise . Great plus - NO roots , just fades out gradually ...
 I purchased this for a friend . She liked the way it worked , which is great for a natural hair coloring product . I use the chemical stuff , so maybe I 'll give this brand a try next time .
 I first purchased this cleanser months ago . I bought only 1 bottle at the time , wanted to know how well it worked . I was so happy with how soft it made my skin that I went back and bought 3 more bottles of it . If you work outside or have dry skin you should really try this Neutrogena product .
 I bought this to reach my goal purchase for free shipping and was pleasantly surprised to find how well it worked . It even removes waterproof mascara and is just as gentle as promised . Maybe a bit pricey but surely worth the money .
 If you 're looking for a foaming , soap-like cleanser , this is not for you . But if you need a cream cleanser that does n't leave your skin greasy or stripped , this could just be the ticket . I started using this cleanser many years ago , and have been faithful to it ever since . Oh , I 've dabbled with other cleansers - some very pricey ones , in fact - but they always disappointed . They made my skin feel as if I 'd just gone through an acid bath , or they were so perfumey I had to wash my face again to get the stink off , or they were n't capable of removing so much as blush , much less mascara . Neutrogena Extra Gentle is just what it says
 I think the formula changed but I still like it . Beware though , if you are very reactive to fragrance steer clear . The bottle I just bought -LRB- which has the same name but a square bottle -RRB- smells very strongly . So strong even , that I was tempted to return it . I was afraid the fragrance would set my skin off . I 've had it over a week -LRB- using once to twice a day -RRB- and have n't noticed a reaction . Normally , my skin in normal/oily , acne prone sensitive skin and I 'm in my mid twenties . It is quite gently while still cleasing my skin . So long as I can stand the smell , I will continue to use this product .
 I use this in the mornings after using benzoyl peroxide at night for acne . The benzoyl peroxide makes my skin flaky and dry but this clears that off and keeps my skin looking fresh and moisturized . I use a lotion after rinsing this off , but if you do n't have dry skin you may not need to . It has a similar feeling to Cetaphil but it 's a little creamier and thicker , sort of like cold cream , but not greasy . You can even use this as a non-rinse cleanser-just wipe it off with a tissue or towel.I love that this is unscented but I do n't like that it has parabens . It 's non-comedogenic and does n't seem to give my skin any troubles unless it 's already raw and irritated -LRB- even then it just burns a little bit while it 's on -RRB- . Unless you 're allergic to any of the ingredients , I highly recommend this if you 're looking for a very gentle cleanser.Ingredients
 It took me a while to get used to the fact that there were no suds . It did not take long to notice that , even if my face was a little red before I started to wash , it was calmer afterward . And my face was clean with no noticeable tightness.I am running through the bottle a little faster than I like , probably because I keep trying for the soap suds.Works beautifully with a Clarisonic .
 Great cleanser , for once my cheeks did n't burn after using something , and it made them feel very good , plus it took my makeup off effectively which is a plus .
 I have very sensitive skin and whenever I stray from Neutrogena extra gentle I 'm sure to break out . It feels like lotion on my skin but does the job to remove the makeup at night and leave me with a fresh palette in the morning . I 'm so glad amazon has started to carry it at a good price because it has become harder to find in stores .
 I have very sensative skin and have tried pretty much every facial wash -LRB- drug store , spa , department store brands -RRB- . My favorite -LRB- very expensive -RRB- facial wash was discontinued , so I was back on the hunt . I finally decided to try this cleanser and LOVE it . Does not irritate my skin or cause breakouts . Cleans , but does n't strip moisture . Give this one a try !
 My skin tends to be slightly dry and Neutrogena Extra Gentle Cleanser does a great job cleaning my face without making it dry.My teenage daughter also uses it when her acne cleanser starts drying her skin too much .
 This soap is nice - it 's very effective , but great for sensitive skin . I 've used it for years . It 's hard to find in stores , so it was nice to find the 3-pack on amazon . .
 I am sensitive to most preservatives , including formaldehyde releasing agents , and common stabilizers including citric acid . This product does not provoke inflammation with regular use and leaves my skin feeling soft and resilient . It also does not promote acne . All accomplished at a budget price is the good news . I 've tried other products recommended by my dermatologist . They did not work as well and were twice as expensive .
 I like this cleanser cause it does n't dry my skin out and puts moisture into my skin .
 I have oily skin and have battled acne even into adulthood . I tried this by accident because it was on sale at the store and my skin started to clear up over time . I did n't think it was the cleanser , so I later bought a cheaper gentle cleanser at the store and my face dried up really quickly and then I started to break out again.The cleansers out there made for acne is formulated for teenagers and are really harsh on the skin . The difference between this and some of the other gentle cleansers out there is that it moisturizes also . Dry skin typically tells your face to produce more oil -LRB- at least that 's what I read -RRB- . I give it 5 stars because it seems like my skin needed `` extra '' gentleness and this worked for me .
 When choosing skin care products , I usually follow the recommendations fromThe Skin Type Solutionor Paula Begoun ` sDo n't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me -LRB- Do n't Go to the Cosmetic Counter Without Me -RRB- . This product is one of Paula 's Picks for an overall excellent product , so I decided to try it when I needed to pick up a new cleanser.I have very sensitive skin , and this did burn slightly the first time I used it , but , since then , it has been fine . It also works great with a Clarisonic brush.Since , as of my writing this review , Amazon is n't including the ingredients list for this product , I wanted to include them here : Water , Glycerin , Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Cetyl Ricinoleate , Isohexadecane , TEA-Cocoyl Glutamate , Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate , Stearyl Alcohol , Cetyl Alcohol , PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil , PEG-20 Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate , Bisabolol , Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract , Tocopheryl Acetate , Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate , Stearyl Glycyrrhetinate , Tetrasodium EDTA , Acrylates/C10 -30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer , Triethanolamine , BHT , Geranium Maculatum Extract , Dipropylene Glycol , Phenoxyethanol , Propylparaben , MethylparabenThis is a great cleanser for the price , but I just wish that it were free of parabens . It 's worth trying , though , if you have sensitive skin .
 This is the only face wash I can use in the winter when my skin gets dry and flaky . It 's very lotiony , but still makes my face feel clean . It seems to be hard to find in drugstores this year ... . Its a pretty good deal to get 3 at once . In the summer I want something lighter and use Cetaphil .
 This is the first product I use in my regime ; I follow up with Neutrogena On-The-Spot Acne Treatment Vanishing Cream and then Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisturizer . I did a lot of research on products and I found this to be the best on the market -LRB- that of course is on the cheaper side -RRB- . It is free of many of the chemicals that should NOT be in a cleanser and it is definitely a great buy . I do not buy this on Amazon , I usually just buy it at my local Walmart and buy one at a time , though buying it on here in bulk might not be a bad idea . When I go to the store I 'll pay about $ 5 for just one , so it seems that a pack of 3 on here is overly priced . But anyways , it is a great product that does what is needs to do , clean the dirt off my face ! I have sensitive skin so this is a great cleaner that does n't turn my face red or anything . Also just a tip , I did a lot of research and if you did n't know , you are supposed to splash your face with warm water to open up your pores , dispense the cleanser in your hands and wash for 30-45 seconds , and rinse again with warm water . Be sure when you dry off your face you are NOT wiping your face , you need to pat it gently and let it air-dry for at least 5 minutes before you apply anything else to your face . When using this product once a day , maybe sometimes twice , it lasted me about 41/2 months , WOW ! For $ 5 , that sure is worth the money . So overall , a great buy , might suggest you buy them at your local Walmart because it seems to be cheaper than buying in bulk .
 Neutrogena Extra Gentle Cleanser is a great fragrance and soap free product . I agree with another reviewer that it does not necessarily wash make-up off well , especially around the eyes when used as a normal cleanser per the instructions . I generally use a wash cloth or face sponge -LRB- lightly -RRB- with this product , which helps take off waterproof makeup.Remember , this is a gentle cleanser ! I 'm not sure many facial cleansers would remove makeup without a little friction unless they were specifically designed to remove make up . To remove makeup without scrubbing , try as a tissue off cleanser.If your skin is really sensitive to a lot of things , follow up this facewash with Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisture for Sensitive Skin . If your skin is just sensitive to fragrance , try the Oil-Free Moisture in SPF 15 -LRB- or 35 -RRB- , especially when going outside , both are fragrance free !
 I have dry , sensitive skin . I 've tried a number of cleansers like this one -LRB- Cetaphil , Ponds cold cream , Boots cleansing lotion , etc. -RRB- and this one seems to work the best . It takes make up off well and does n't leave behind a ` filmy ' feeling if you just wipe off . If you do rinse with water , it does n't leave you with a tight , squeeky-clean feeling . It really does leave your skin feeling moisturized and yet cleanses enough to get rid of the dirt and make-up ! I 'm very happy with this cleanser and will purchase again .
 Just like it says . Very gentle . My skin is sensitive , so other cleansers dry it out and make my skin red , but not this one . Do n't use it to clear up acne . It 's not meant for that . It 's just a really gentle cleanser . It does it 's job . I 've been using it for over a year now along with Neutrogena 's Oil-free Moisturizer for Sensitive Skin . Works for me . Good luck people .
 I would not have liked this product when my skin was very oily . But now that I am older my skin is oily in some places , dry in others . This product does a good job of cleaning and removing makeup , and leaves my skin slightly moisturized . I have been using it for years . It has gotten hard to find in stores . Glad Amazon has it so I do n't have to look all over town .
 Super mild , no fragrance , perfect for sensitive skin or people who do n't like super astringent cleaners . No microderm abrasion beads or whatever , just a plain white cleansing soap.I 've been using this for about 8 years now , and really love that I can do the Subscribe & Save for this product on Amazon.If facial cleansers tend to dry your skin out , I would recommend going with this as it will not dry out your skin , but it still cleans the oil out .
 I 'd been using the regular Neutrogena bar soap on my face for years , but I just decided to grab this one day while shopping . I could not be more pleased ! I always thought my skin looked ok , but with this I actually love my skin ! Not to sound vain , but I look in the mirror and just think about how good my skin looks now and I do n't even wear coverup ! IMO I think it makes me look younger too , but that could be wishful thinking ! This does not have the consistency of a cleanser , it does seem more like a lotion , but do n't let that dissaude you , it is really great on the skin !
 I have very sensitive skin , especially in the winter . I love this facewash ! Very subtle smell , if anything . My face feels clean , but it does not dry out my face . I definitely recommend it .
 Facial skin is extremely sensitive to chemicals . My skin is sensitive to most preservatives and stabilizing agents . I use this everyday and experience no allergic reactions , no red rashes and no dry skin patches . Its reasonable price is a plus too .
 Treating my skin as if it were a piece of fine silk -LRB- chortle -RRB- has been a challenge . Dry , sensitive and inflamed with Rosacea , it is intolerant of most cleansers . Needless to say , I was pleased to find out that this cleanser lives up to its deceptively simple name . It does n't further dry out or irritate my skin and still leaves it clean . That it is inexpensive is also a very big plus . It may or may not work for you , but it 's certainly worth a shot .
 Love itgreat for teen acne , no harmful additives or strong smell.Convienent with subscribe and save , and the cost is comparable.I would reccomend it and will continue to purchase
 This was recommended in a women 's magazine so I thought I would try it . I do like the way it feels on my skin and I am interested in seeing how it works over the long term . As stated , I do n't love the scent but it 's not so bad that I would n't use it , just wished it smelled better .
 I bought this product because I wanted to try a gentle cleaner out for a change . I like the cleanser , however my preference lies with something that has a little more sudsy feel to it . But overall I would recommend this to people with highly sensitive skin .
 I took away 1 star because I wish this cleanser lathered . This is a very dense and creamy cleanser and does not lather , it has little to no scent and is very gentle . I have sensitive skin in the colder months and this is a great before bed cleaner , compared to my not so sensitive morning cleaner . I will buy again .
 Perfect ! It is really gentle . No strong smells and easy to clean . Maybe buying a bigger one next time then .
 I have very beautiful smooth , radiant skin that people always complement me on , and for fifteen years from my late teens I used a natural avocado-based product called Avodeau . The company closed down around 1990 and I could not get the product . After struggling to get a suitable replacement I stumbled on the Neutrogena products and my skin went back to what it has always been . I think my skin is classified as normal to dry and I can not use any facial wash as these always make my skin dry and tight . Even within the Neutrogena range I can not use anything else , it has to be the Extra Gentle Cleanser , the Alcohol free gentle Toner , the Light Night Cream and the Intensified Day Moisture Cream . I am 48 years old and people think im not a day older than 30 !
 I love this cleanser . It cleans without drying my face , but does n't leave a residue feeling . I 've been using it for almost 3 years .
 I was introduced to this non-soap facial cleanser by a friend after a dermatologist 's recommendation to stop using soap . It not only cleans , but has transformed my shaving . Foam or shaving cream is no longer needed ; not a nick with blade shaving . The push-top dispenser is not convenient for travel , but I transfer some of the product to a 1-ounce travel dispenser with a screw-top .
 For me , this product does n't work for removing makeup -LRB- I use Bare Minerals and Waterproof Mascara -RRB- . However , I like to use this product after washing first with a scrubbing foaming cleanser which removes my makeup but often leaves my skin dry . The Neutrogena Extra Gentle will then make my face less stiff and dry and provides a better base for applying makeup . -LRB- Dry skin and makeup are not a good combination ! -RRB-
 This is not my first time using this cleanser . I stopped using it for a while because it 's not strong enough in summer . However , in winter , it works perfectly . Just massage onto the face without water for a while then gently rinse off , you will have a well cleaned yet soft face . It does n't have any artificial fragrance , which is another reason why I like it so much .
 This product is often hard to find in local pharmacies . My two teenager daughters love washing with this each night as it is not harsh on their faces and works very well for acne .
 I have sensitive skin so this is a great product . You can not beat the price for this !! If you purchase more than one than the price is discounted more .
 I bought this originally for my children to use and I was happy with how it cleaned their faces , so I decided to use it and turned out to be a great daily cleanser . I like that it is gentle but actually does clean your pores . I am very happy with this product !
 This does as is advertised . I use to use Avena lotion but that product was discontinued . This seems to work just as well as the Avena product .
 It feels very gentle when I use it . But my face do not feel as clean as I used to feel with other facial cleanser . Overall good .
 Love it . It 's perfect for my very very sensitive skin ! I definitively recommend . Does n't dry my skin . I 'll buy it again .
 I love this mascara ! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras , I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one . I do n't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off . This if perfect ; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great ! And it does n't have to be black ; even the brown looks great ! I like that it 's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5 . And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store ... and it 's delivered right to my door !
 Just like it . It dries out a little faster than others , but that 's ok . I use a cleaned used mascara wand to separate lashes if necessary , when it gets a little older and dries up . It 's easy to remove without heavy creams or a lot of scrubbing , and that 's what I REALLY like .
 I keep coming back to Almay mascaras . The One Coat just never lets me down , and saves me money so I can splurge on other makeup items . Does n't flake , wears well , separates nicely , great price .
 Thrilled to finally find a mascara that is n't trying to thicken lashes with clumps of mascara that glob , clump and make a mess of your eyes ! This stuff just darkens the lashes , and elongates a bit - subtle but effective , looks totally natural . Love it .
 I have suddenly become allergic to most makeup products due to pregnancy , so I set out to get some hypoallergenic replacements for my makeup must-haves . I bought this one in non-waterproof brownish black , and yes ! This is a great mascara for sensitive eyes . In my experience it does n't flake like most other affordable mascaras do , but I have only worn it for a few hours at a time , so I do n't know how well it would last for all-day wear . It has a great clump-resistant brush and smooth application , a nice deep color as well . Best of all , no allergic reactions ! I will be sticking with this one .
 If you have &#34; thin &#34; lashes , this definitely helps . I use 2 coats . Also , it does n't smear all over the place .
 HIGH QUALITY ITEM . VERY THICK MASCARA . STAYS ON FOR HOURS . DOES NOT CLUMP UP OR SMUDGE . NICE PACKAGING . STRONG CONTAINER . DOES NOT CRACK .
 This stuff rivals Maybelline Great Lash as a contender for the best cheap mascara brand on the market . Almay 's One Coat Nourishing Mascara goes on smoothly and clump-free . It 's easily biddable , and while it 's not quite as lengthening as I would like , it 's a perfect mascara for work . I 've never had any issues with flaking . I recommend it and will repurchase it myself .
 This product line has gone up almost 100 % in price recently -LRB- different packaging/same product -RRB- and this is a good deal if you use it regularly , even if you are n't a salon . Me and my husband both use it daily and we wo n't have to buy a small bottle of it for $ 25 bucks every 2 months . This was a great deal . Shipping was costly though because of the weight . It came within 3 days . The pump that they sent with it was not the one for that jar and broke within days though . Overall very happy with the deal I got .
 A friend in Cali told me about this . I spent $ 20 every two month for a tube of gel , this comes ver y handy and will not expired . It has that wet look , never freaks , it will not dry up your hair like other do . I love it . I am glad that Amazon sells it now .
 I started using this after learning that my hairdresser used it . Excellent product and the large container makes the price much cheaper .
 Product is great however it wasnt packed well and leaked during shipment .
 I live in NYC and Duane Reade and CVS do not sell these anymore . I have friends who tried these and say that they are too greasy . But , I like the extra oil to run into my eye area . I 've been using these for years , and am so happy I found them here at Amazon !
 I love the oil free Almay Eye Makeup Remover because it does not sting my eyes ! I was upset when it was no longer available in stores , but was happy to find I could still purchase it online .
 Hands down the best eye makeup remover pads I have used . They take off waterproof mascara easily and completely . Take care not to get the product IN your eye or you 'll feel blurry but it is a terrific product .
 this is a good remover . . but the pads are sorta rough ... could be softer ... but it 's durable ... efficient when remove makeup . . i would try oil-free next time ...
 I have tried many different eye make-up removers for years , branded , unbranded , and this one is just perfect !! Here are the pros and cons for this product : Pros1.Perfect for travelers !! You will have no problem for security check !! 2 . You do n't need to spend extra money on cotton pad3.Easy application - it removes liner , mascara without irritating your eyelids4.It does n't give you dryness after you use this productCons1.It runs out pretty quicklyI LOVE it : -RRB-
 I 've tried several eye makeup removers , and I must say that Almay Moisturizing Eye Makeup Remover Pads are the best.Pros :1 . -RRB- Travels great ! The small jar with the screw on/off lid is made excellent for travel . Since the pads come `` pre-soaked '' in the makeup remover liquid , there is no need to carry around cotton balls or tissues when you 're on the go . Also great to keep in the shower ! 2 . -RRB- Removes ALL eye makeup , completely . I 've seen reviews stating that it does n't but unless these people are wearing concrete on their lashes , this will do the trick . I wear eyeliner , shadow , and mascara everyday and this leaves no trace at all . This also removes waterproof mascara as well as long-lasting lip color . Also ... some eye makeup removers leave a makeup `` residue '' around the eye area ; this does n't .3 . -RRB- Moisturizes ... I do n't know this for a fact , but I honestly think that the aloe , cucumber , and green tea are actually helping to keep away and diminsh wrinkles around my eye area . This has a mineral-oil base so perhaps this helps too ? 4 . -RRB- Some people state that the oil-based eye makeup removers `` fog '' their eyes , but I have not had an issue with this . I use mine in the shower every night , and am always sure to gently wipe around my eye area with a warm wet washclosh after I use the wipes , so perhaps this keeps my eyes from getting that fogging effect .5 . -RRB- There are 80 pads in each container , which last me well over two months . For the price , you just ca n't beat that .6 . -RRB- Rated `` Best of Beauty '' by Allure magazine.Cons : NONE.Note
 I use these oil free eye makeup remover pads every single morning . Great product . Leaves no residue . There are some oily ones made by the same Almay company , but I prefer not to use those . Just a matter of preference . I have used these for YEARS !!!
 I really like these . They are oil free , when most are not . The pad is soft.I used to use liquid eye cleanser with cotton pads , but hated the cotten fibers sticking to my eyes . I also love the smaller 15 pad size for traveling because I carry-on only . . The jar has a tight screw on type lid so it does n't leek . Give them a try , I think you 'll like them .
 I have tried a lot of eye makeup removers including some really expensive ones . Almay pads are by far the best . They are a bit oily but they are supposed to be in order to protect the skin around your eye . -LRB- Do n't get the oil free they do n't work -RRB- There are 80 pads in the container but I use one pad 3 or for times so they last forever .
 I have used both the moisturizing and the oil-free version of this makeup remover . Now , I will only rebuy the moisturizing one . The oil-free one was terrible.I can deal with having a bit of oil around my eyes after removing makeup , especially if it is moisturizing the area like it says it does . I end up going to sleep anyway after removing makeup , so it is n't a big deal . The formula is extremely gentle and it does its job without irritating the eyes . And if you do n't want the oil around your eyes after removing the makeup , just take a towel and wipe it off . It is not a big deal.The oil-free one , on the other hand , irritated my eyes to no end ! I could n't even finish the container . My eyes became really red and bloodshot and I just could n't keep using them . I am going to throw these out and re-buy the moisturizing ones .
 The bunny designs are off centered but still peel off and work . Price is alright too . I would recomend this for anyone who tans but isnt already too dark to notice . They 're adorable . But getting it in the same exact spot each time is kinda difficult . Especially when staring out and finding where the bunny was first placed .
 They were very accurate on shipping ontime and dates ... however , i got a confirmation for ups but it was not reconized on their website ... other than that it was great speedy service and i will deffinatly order from them again ; -RRB-
 I SEARCHED FOR A WHILE FOR THESE STICKERS THEN FOUND THEM HERE ON AMAZON . I LOVE THE STICKERS AND WILL BUY MORE IF I EVER RUN OUT LOL .
 I am having the hardest time finding this particular bunny sticker in the tanning salons anymore . It is the original bunny , and the only one that has the `` playboy '' look . I am so glad I can get this on here !! Delivery was very prompt also , and I appreciated that .
 I love this mascara ! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras , I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one . I do n't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off . This if perfect ; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great ! And it does n't have to be black ; even the brown looks great ! I like that it 's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5 . And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store ... and it 's delivered right to my door !
 Just like it . It dries out a little faster than others , but that 's ok . I use a cleaned used mascara wand to separate lashes if necessary , when it gets a little older and dries up . It 's easy to remove without heavy creams or a lot of scrubbing , and that 's what I REALLY like .
 I keep coming back to Almay mascaras . The One Coat just never lets me down , and saves me money so I can splurge on other makeup items . Does n't flake , wears well , separates nicely , great price .
 Thrilled to finally find a mascara that is n't trying to thicken lashes with clumps of mascara that glob , clump and make a mess of your eyes ! This stuff just darkens the lashes , and elongates a bit - subtle but effective , looks totally natural . Love it .
 I have suddenly become allergic to most makeup products due to pregnancy , so I set out to get some hypoallergenic replacements for my makeup must-haves . I bought this one in non-waterproof brownish black , and yes ! This is a great mascara for sensitive eyes . In my experience it does n't flake like most other affordable mascaras do , but I have only worn it for a few hours at a time , so I do n't know how well it would last for all-day wear . It has a great clump-resistant brush and smooth application , a nice deep color as well . Best of all , no allergic reactions ! I will be sticking with this one .
 If you have &#34; thin &#34; lashes , this definitely helps . I use 2 coats . Also , it does n't smear all over the place .
 HIGH QUALITY ITEM . VERY THICK MASCARA . STAYS ON FOR HOURS . DOES NOT CLUMP UP OR SMUDGE . NICE PACKAGING . STRONG CONTAINER . DOES NOT CRACK .
 This stuff rivals Maybelline Great Lash as a contender for the best cheap mascara brand on the market . Almay 's One Coat Nourishing Mascara goes on smoothly and clump-free . It 's easily biddable , and while it 's not quite as lengthening as I would like , it 's a perfect mascara for work . I 've never had any issues with flaking . I recommend it and will repurchase it myself .
 I have dry , aging , and sensitive skin and spent quite a bit of time and dollars finding a relatively inexpensive moisturizer . This is the one . Does n't have a lot of add-ins that irritate my skin , moisturizes all day .
 I too have very dry and very sensitive skin . This is the very best moisturizer I have found , and the SPF 15 is an added bonus . It 's hard to find , but worth the search . I love this stuff !
 Twice the thickness of the light night cream -- somehow makes skin feel moisturized for a long time but absorbs enough so it is not so sticky . Excellent . Very neutral scent , with no unscented-chemical smell to annoy or interfere with colognes . As with all Neutrogena products , not a problem for my acne-prone skin .
 I 've always had sensitive skin , but typically it 's fairly even with not too much redness . Perhaps because of the quick NYC season switch from hot and humid to dry and cold combined with what I was using on my face , I developed this weird red rash of dry skin around my nose/mouth/chin area and I thought I needed to see a dermatologist . It turns out I must have been having a reaction to the `` natural '' moisturizer I was using that I thought , after 2 weeks , would have cured this issue . I went to bed with raw , red flaky skin , used this Neutrogena , and woke up GLOWING . I have probably THE most sensitive , reaction-prone skin of anyone I have ever met and this product literally healed my skin overnight . I use this and the light night cream and I am so happy . I 've tried countless products and this is the only one -LRB- and I 'm talking one of maybe 20 that i 've tried , both high end and inexpensive -RRB- that has n't made me break out in acne or strange red bumps . I thought I did n't like Neutrogena because other products have not worked with my skin ... thank goodness I took a chance and bought this pair ! It does leave me a little shiny , but in a good way because it is not greasy . It looks like a healthy glow and I do n't wear foundation to begin with -LRB- just a little coverup where needed -RRB- , so I love it ! I only gave 4 stars because I have n't been using the product long , but so far I am very pleased with the results . THANK YOU NEUTROGENA .
 After trying several different moisturizers by Olay and Neutrogena , I bought this one day because I thought the little pot would be easier to travel with than any pumps -LRB- less chance of a mess in my bag ! -RRB- . Turns out to be just one of the positives of this moisturizer . It keeps my skin feeling great all day . Plus , I am very pale and burn easily , so having SPF 15 thrown in is an absolute must . It 's great not having to worry about putting on a second product . This products moisturizes my face from the moment I put it on in the morning -LRB- feels soooo good when my skin is especially dry -RRB- . With most beauty products , I like to try something different each time , but with this , I have found a true winner , and as long as Neutrogena makes it , I will buy it !
 I bought this because I 've been on a huge Neutrogena kick and I wanted to see if it 's better than the Olay beauty fluid I have been using for years . It 's not really better , but it 's very comparable.First of all , you need a TINY amount of this to moisturize your skin . It 's meant as a face lotion , but you can use it anywhere on your body , and it feels lovely . I 've had it for 2 weeks , and am still only using the little bit that was stuck to the top of the cap when I opened it.I have weird and annoying combination skin that tends to be on the oily side , but also dries out really easily . I wash my face in the morning and before bed and lotion both times . When I first started using this in the mornings , it seemed like it made my face oilier , but after I figured out to only use a tiny dab and my skin got used to it , it was totally fine . I ca n't say that this is AMAZING because it 's really very similar to the Olay stuff , but it does the job and at this rate will last me forever.Also , if you are sensitive to perfumes or just prefer not to smell like every one of the eight different things you put on in the morning , this is totally unscented.Edit
 My wife has used this product for years , would not use any other . She LOVES IT !!!!!
 The addition of SPF is always appreciated - in this day and time it 's a necessity . In the case of this product it is SPF 15 - higher would have been better.Nonetheless , this is a nice hypo-allergenic formula that provides hydration for face and neck . It absorbs quickly so one does n't have to wait to apply makeup .
 Good Value for the Money Feels good on your face!Nice scent!I always appreciate a moisturizer with spf 15 !
 I love this product , but ca n't always find it in a regular store . So much easier to order several jars at once and have them sent directly to me .
 I have been using Neutrogena Intensified Day Moisture , SPF 15 product for a few years & really love it . For those who do n't feel they can wear makeup with it ... just wait a few seconds & blot lightly with a tissue ... apply makeup & blot again which seals your makeup ... It works for me . I was wanting to order it through Amazon but it is almost the same price as in the store . Would love to see a little better price.Nelda -LRB- dry skin -RRB- Bensley ... Az
 My skin is combination , tending towards oily . This daily moisturizer gives my skin the moisture it needs without causing more pimples and other blemishes . It leaves my skin silky soft and sinks in well after a shower - it does n't sit on top of your skin like many moisturizers . For the roughest of winter months , however , I do need a supplemental moisturizer -LRB- I use German Nivea creme on top of this -RRB- , but I have found this is a pretty reliable , year round moisturizer .
 I have acne-prone and sensitive skin and this is the ONLY moisturizer i 've found that works for me ! It is non-scented , thick , nongreasy , and actually improves skin quality ! I 've used it for a month and still have some left and I got it at my local drugstore for $ 11 - Works better than the $ 20-30 stuff I 've gotten at Ulta/Sephora . I read reviews all the time , and that 's what convinced me to buy this product , then write my own !
 I 've used this for decades . It makes my face feel and look moisturized , but not greasy . The SPF 15 is a bonus . I can walk around in the sun for hours and not have to worry about getting burned . This is the one item I wo n't be without ... and thanks to Amazon , I wo n't be .
 This is an excellent moisturizer for dry , sensitive skin . Effectively moisturizes providing a dewey glow without causing irritation or breakouts . Love that it has some sun protection too . Hope Neutrogena never changes the formula or stops making this product !
 And that 's it
 This is an excellent moisturizer for dry , sensitive skin . It leaves skin dewy and soft and does not clog pores/cause breakouts . Having the sunscreen is a real plus . I 've been using this for years and always get compliments on how nice my skin looks . Hope Neutrogena never stops making this moisturizer !!
 I sincerely hope this is never discontinued . It is great for sensitive skin and it really is noncomedogenic . It is a very long lasting moisturizer . If you have oily skin , though , I would n't suggest this product .
 I thought this would be a good moisturizer for the winter months . It is a great product for that exact reason if you have normal -- dry skin . I made an error and used this for 2 months , while having combination-oily skin and realized that the cream is just too thick for my skin . It absorbs and it feels moisturized , but it 's just too much for oily types.It is true that the product smells like sunscreen . I like the packaging because you can get every tiny dab out of the little pot , without wasting it through a pump , and it is very portable -LRB- traveling -RRB- . Good luck
 This is a fine product , but it is hard to find , I looked for it at Longs my drugstore and couldnt find it , finally found it at Amazon . it is highly recommended .
 This is the stuff . And as pointed out by another reviewer , SPF 25 would definitely be a better precaution than 15 but this moisturiser is so good otherwise I can overlook it for now . The main aspect of it that appeals to me is that the product actually stays on the skin and keeps moisturising all day . On a face as dry as mine is that is a rare accomplishment . Other creams bite the dust in a few hours on me.A reliable product that does what it claims to do at an especially good price .
 I needed something for winter , something a little heavier than my usual moisturizer . . This sinks right in and does n't feel greasy at all yet makes my skin feel great . . perfect under makeup . . Most people do n't like a jar as they feel its not sanitary but , I mean , your hands are clean before you apply it right ? Plus I feel like I get to use all of it , not so when someting is in a tube . I only gave it 4 because as I get older I feel I need a little more SPF , maybe even a 20 .
 I have used this product for over 8 years . When I recently ran out I could n't find it in the stores in my area so I came to the internet to search for it . I feel lucky to have found this product and hope that it is never discontinued ... but just in case I bought two of them -LRB- 1 lasted me almost 2 years ! -RRB- This product works great and is not greasy and leaves no residue , also gentle on the sensitive eye area .
 This really is some great stuff for my natural coarse Black hairit really moisturizes and gives my hair a great sheen . I wish Ihad discovered this product a long time ago because my hair useto be brittle due to the fact I color . But not no more ! : -RRB-
 I first found this brand/scent at a little shop in the Cincinnati airport . I loved both the body wash and these bath salts so much I tried to ensure any connecting flights I had in the future went through that airport so I could restock . Since the shop did n't have internet or mail order , I was happy to find I was able to order this brand through Amazon.The Eucaplyptus is light , refreshing and leaves your skin feeling silky . I love putting one of these packets into luggage too . It is VERY long lasting and keeps bad odors away while your luggage is stored away .
 If you love taking baths and feeling wonderfully soothed for hours afterwards , try this packet of bath salts and add in a little more sea salt , baking soda , Lavender , Rosewood , Patchouli , Rose and Ylang Ylang essential oils.This packet already contains a little sea salt , Jojoba oil , honey , vitamin E , Clary Sage and Violet leaf . I 've noticed that this formula is especially soothing if you have been exercising a lot and reach the point where you need a good salt/essential oil soak to dissolve away the stress and muscle aches.This is also convenient and wonderful to take with you on vacation if you will be walking around a lot and out all day . There is something magical and emotionally healing about this nurturing salt soak . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I loved this product because the aroma was abundant and stayed on the skin
 I received a gift basket for Xmas that included four packets of these ----- two were lavender and two were eucalyptus . I liked both scents equally and really like the calming effect of soaking in a tub that has this wonderful scent and also has the extra benefits of offering relief to stiff and sore muscles while also moisturizing.As luck would have it , I got a flu shot this year but still got the flu right after Xmas . Really what I mostly got was a fever , a whopper headache , and out of control body aches and soreness . I decided to soak and the Tymes Bath Salts made a huge difference . While I am not telling you that this product has strange and mystical properties , it is very relaxing and it did make me feel less sore . I crawled back in bed and slept comfortably . The nice scent had me nodding off in no time .
 I love this product and it arrived promptly and in good shape . I gave as a wedding shower gift wrapped in bath towels . It was a great gift !
 I have very sensitive skin . I have for years been on a search for a facial moisturizer that is not greasy , not heavy , but yet did a good job of moisturizing my skin . I typically tended to use creams because I had found they did a better job of moisturizing . But they tended to be too heavy and sometimes greasy.This lotion does not irritate my sensitive skin . It is very light weight - a little goes a long way . Yet even just a slight amount moisturizes better than many creams I have used.I have been very happy with this product .
 Ok , just as a side note - to the person that said the lotion burns their eyes , it says specifically on the back that this is not meant to be put anywhere near your eyes.When I quit having the pimply skin woes of being a teenager , I found myself out of a day time moisturizer as well . 20-somethings do n't have oily skin any more so the teenage products are too harsh and they do n't have dry/aged skin either so a lot of the `` adult '' products do n't work at all ... the healthy skin line , however , seems to be a good balance between these , and as a bonus helps in preventing the skin problems that cause aging to begin with -LRB- the alpha-hydroxy sloughs off dead/damaged skin cells , the sunscreen protects against sun damage , and the vitamins help nourish the skin -RRB- . I have now been using this product for 4 years and I have noticed my skin looks very healthy and has n't even began to show the lines that most people my age are starting to get ... I partially attribute this to a good skin care routine all together , but I think it mostly lies in this lotion as the only additional things I do is cleanse and exfoliate.BTW - I live in FL , so I can definitely testify that this lotion is not too greasy ... greasiness almost always = pimples down here , even for adults . Also be forewarned that it says on the packaging this product is not to be used anywhere near the eyes . That burning is the alpha-hydroxy - which is pretty much a mild acid . Please use an eye cream for moisturizing the eye area . ; -RRB-
 the reason this lotion is so great is because it is lightweight.Goes on in a snap and I do n't have to rub my face like crazy like its a regular thick oozy sunscreen .
 This product really seems to work . I use it daily after my swim workout . After a few weeks , my skin does seem softer . It 's not greasy , and just takes a couple of pumps ' worth each time .
 I 've been using Deep Clean for ten years now , and I wo n't use or trust my skin to anything else . It 's not harsh -LRB- just watch that you do n't get it in your eyes because if you do you 'll never feel such pain -RRB- on your skin and it is a really great way to keep the dead skin flakes away without overdrying and causing more flakes . It keeps acne at bay , and rinses off SO clean you wo n't have one bit of residue . A perfect ten ! Well ... five ...
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR A MONTH AND IT HAS TOTALLY CLEARED MY FACE UP . I THINK THAT THE CLEAR UP OF MY ZITS HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH THE ALPHA HYDROXY ACIDS IN THIS CLEANSER . IF I HAVE N'T WASHED MY FACE IN THE MORNING AND I DO IT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE EVENING THEN MY FACE FEELS CLEAN AND MY PORES FEEL AND LOOK SMALLER .
 This is a great product ! Well worth the price , a little goes a long way . It does n't over-dry your skin and is n't heavy with fragrance . I have dry skin and I was sure that this product would make it worse . It did n't ! I love it and will definitely buy it again .
 I used this product morning and evening . It did n't leave my skin feeling dull or dry . It made it feel clean and refreshed and actually made my overall skin appearance seem more vibrant . Just a small portion went a long way , which I found out after the first use . A small portion lathered up nicely and did a thorough job of cleaning my face . The weather recently turned cooler in my area and made my skin dry out , but this product seemed to help replace some of the moisture .
 The Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser Pump is really quite a nice product . I also liked the convenience of the pump . It left my skin clean and soft overall . The lather is very different than the bar soap I 'm accustomed to . I 'll probably purchase it if it is n't overly expensive . A very gentle product .
 This product left my skin feeling clean and firm , not over dried . The smell of the product was pleasant , which is more than I can say for most other products that are too perfumed for my allergies . The only thing I did n't like was the fact that it really did n't work into a lather at all . But it surely left my face feeling clean !
 I really liked the Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser . A little goes a long way . Where I 've had to use two or three squirts of other cleansers , I used only one with this one . It lathers up very well and leaves my face feeling soft . I have used a previous Neutrogena product that burned my eyes , but this one did n't do that at all . The cleanser is fragrance free , so no need to worry about that . I 'm happy with this product and would recommend it to others . It 's a very mild cleanser .
 Okay - I agree with others that this face wash can be drying . I would not use it . However , my husband swears by it and I see his results . He has been cursed with horrible problem skin that can have bad cystic acne breakouts even though he is in his fifties . If he goes even a few days without using Deep Clean he will begin breaking out . He is a firefighter and is usually very good about bringing all of his grooming items when he works a 24 or 48-hour shift . Occasionally he forgets an item . If this is the item , you can tell even if he had to use a different product for as little as one day.I have to believe what I see and his testimonial .
 I have purchased this Neutrogena Deep Clean soap numerous times now.I find this soap to be very effective for cleaning my face . I have oily skin so I need something that is strong . This soap works well for me and reduces breakouts significantly . I wash my face with this one to two times a day . A bottle will last me about a month because it does not take a big amount to sufficiently clean your face . Usually one pump will do fine.The soap is thick , creates a moderate lather , and is easy to apply.Does this soap dry out your skin ? It can if you do not rinse the soap thoroughly off your face . If you use a bathroom sink to rinse -LRB- vice a shower -RRB- , you will likely have soap residue on your face and this will leave your skin dry . I apply sunscreen before I go out anyway so this is a non issue for me . However , this is a powerful soap and so dryness occurs . If you are sensitive to dryness caused by soaps , then a moisturizer will be necessary for you after using this soap.For the price , results , and overall quality , I highly recommend this soap . I 've used it for over a year and will continue to keep buying it .
 I absolutely love this product . It foams up so nice with just a small amount . My face always feels very clean following use . It does not irritate my sensitive skin and I 've been using it for years . I 'm hooked for sure .
 I have changed facial cleansers before and have always come back . I last left to try an expensive cleanser thinking it much be that much better . Wrong as usual . I love this one . I have been back to it for about a week now and already my skin has greatly improved . I also have tried the cream cleanser -LRB- Neutrogena -RRB- and , for me , it does n't compare . I 'll not be straying again . It washes all of my makeup off the first time , no need for rinse and repeat or serious scrubbing . This is by far the best . Enough said .
 I have been using my Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser for a week now . I used to use a L'Oreal one and switched to it recently to give it a try . My experience so far is fine . I wanted to share my assessment and here we go . I am not separating it in pros and cons , I am just putting the facts I found about it ! * This is a perfect product for those who are out to dirt and pollution for a long time - this one REALLY cleans ! * This is also a Summer Product - people living in tropical areas will find it perfect . * I would suggest a rethinking for Winter uses as it can dry out ! Using with a fine moisturizer will do though . * This is definitely not for the people with sensitive skin or skin that is prone to dry out often ! * You need to wet the face before applying it as a MUST . Otherwise it will leave your skin out of moister ! * It is a bit expensive for regular uses . So Invest the money when you are sure.For me , this is a working product ! I have a skin prone to greasiness and it 's helping a lot to reduce that . And my complexion got a bit lighter even in the first week . I know I have to use it for more time to draw a conclusion . But for skin-care products , my philosophy is , if it is the product for you , your skin will love it at the first place . And my skin does n't seem to be in adverse terms with this cleanser :-RRB- !
 I 've been using this for over 12 years , ever since it first came out . It changed my life b/c I have Seb Dermititus and occasional acne and this product did an excellent job with my skin . I even use it as handwash b/c it does n't over dry my skin . You can not beat the bundle price on Amazon . It beats any price locally and w/o tax and free 2-day shipping for Prime members . What a bargain for a fantastic product .
 I have had mild acne for quite some time and I have VERY oily skin . I have used EVERY acne product out there , including the expensive ones . I never really thought to try this before but I heard it was good for oily skin . I have been using it for 2 weeks now and I 'm pretty pleased with it . It lathers well and rinses off clean . The smell is a little different but once you wash it off , the smell is gone . My face feels really clean after washing . Slowly , I see an improvement in my complexion . Typically it takes 4-12 weeks to see true results when you start using a product . Hopefully it will continue to get better . So far I am happy with it and will stick with it . I recemmend this to anyone who has oily skin .
 Thoroughly cleans without leaving a tight dry feeling to face.This product leaves Oil of Olay cleanser in the dust ! Leaves no residue or soil behind which was not the case when trying Oil of Olay and other products . Neutrogena periodically dispenses $ 1.00 off coupons which I look for and use .
 I alternate between this cleanser and their Fresh Foaming Cleanser . This one makes my skin feel a bit more `` squeakier '' which I like when the weather is warmer . This is a great cleanser and should work for anyone except someone with very dry skin . This does not dry out my face and I have combination skin . This is a must have for a gel cleanser .
 I loved the Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser ! It really left my face feeling clean and fresh . I would definitely use this product again AND I have already told my friends about it !!
 Wonderful item ! My skin feels great after each wash ! I have no need for any other cleansing solution ; this is one stop shopping !
 Does n't leave skin dry or overly oil . They fixed the issue will the product will discolor due to some reaction with the dispenser .
 My skin and eyes are very sensitive ... this does not bother me at all so I can continue to use this product !! Will continue to buy this item !!!
 Because everyone is different , it will work differently for everyone . With that said , for me , someone who has no prior experience with dry skin or anything else , it worked great!I actually went to Florida for a week , and while it rained for a good portion of the week , it also was humid and the sun beat down on us for the other half of the week . By the end of the week my face was broken out with acne , and it was bad . After buying this , my acne went away with use of this product 3 times a day , completely in 3 days . So all in all , it 's great for clearing up your face.I would certainly not recommend this product for daily use . After Florida and clearing up of my skin , the contours of my face , around nose mainly , started peeling . I will certainly discontinue my use of this product for something not as strong , but will have to keep this on hand for those sporadic breakouts .
 i 've been looking for a new cleanser ever since i became pregnant . my doctor said i should try to avoid anything with salicylic acid - i was using theNeutrogena Oil-Free Acne Washbut discontinued it after her suggestion . i tried theCetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanserbut it was awful at removing my makeup , i might as well have been just using water alone . based on the good reviews i gave this wash a try and i am so glad i did . it removes my stubborn eye makeup very effectively and it does n't leave that residue feeling you get with a bar of soap . i highly recommend this cleanser to anyone , pregnant or not !! update
 i absolutely LOVE this product . i am dark skinned and live in the tropics and have oily skin I use this every morning after a shower , its not harsh and it doesnt dry out my skin . been using it for about 3-4 years and so far i havent had a bad experience using it ... its also not the only fascial cleanser from Neutrogena i use but i mainly use this one when im in a hurry . two thumbs up to Neutrogena : D
 I used this soap for a while now , I liked it very much . As soon as you wash your face with this soap , your skin looks clear and kind of shiny . Feels like it takes out all the bad appearance from you face .
 I have been using this cleanser for years now . I use it all year round without scrubs or any additional cleansers . On its own , I feel it does a great job of cleansing . Although it may not remove all the oil and grime , it does cleanse well compared to other deep clean cleansers .
 I have bought many of these over the last few years and keep them on most of my sinks . I use it very frequently and each time it makes my face feel especially clean and oil free .
 Rinses off completely so makes your face feel really clean . Does n't dry out your skin . Great product.pat@WeSnoreNoMore.com
 I would highly recommend this product to everyone . It cleans your face better than any other product I have found . It does n't dry your skin out like other facial cleansers . It has a fresh clean scent , which I like better than those that smell like medicine or alcohol . If you 're going to buy facial cleansers , spend a little more and buy this . It 's well worth the money .
 I have really enjoyed using the Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser . I used it twice a day -- once in the morning and then again at night . It made my face feel clean and refreshed . I really liked how the pump made it easier to use than some of the other products I 've tried . I would definitely purchase this product and recommend it to my family and friends . My niece already bought it .
 I 've tried several facial cleansers and Neutrogena works better than the others . It does n't leave an oily film and it lasts throughout the day . A large bottle generally lasts me about a month , so it 's a solid investment . I recommend it to anyone with mildly oily skin even though it 's a little costly .
 After using Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser for one week , I can tell a significant improvement in the condition of my skin . This cleanser leaves my face feeling really clean and also very smooth . Other similar products I 've tried in the past do get my skin clean , but leave it feeling overly dry . Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser is the exception for me -- and I will definitely recommend it to others .
 Great for oily skin . After washing my face in the evening , there was no significant oiliness the next morning . And without drying my skin out .
 I found the Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser to be a very effective product . It left my face feeling very clean without drying it out . There were also no harsh chemical smells . I would recommend this to others
 It 's better than any other neutrogena facewash that I tried before . Sustained and regular use may yield positive results depending on your skin .
 I 've been using this stuff for at least 10 years now . I agree with other reviews that the smell is n't fantastic , but it 's not that bad . What 's most important to me is that this stuff succeeds in leaving my skin feeling clean and oil free . Also it does n't dry my skin out or make it feel tight like some washes I 've tried . In the stores this stuff sells at $ 5-6 a bottle , but with subscribe and save you are saving ~ 30 % off that price and free shipping . Very happy that amazon carries it .
 This product satisfies all your needs for facial cleansing . I recommend it to any person that likes fast and deep cleaning of his/her face , to continue on the face care process .
 I recommend anyone who has oily skin to use this product . It made my face feel soft and did n't dry out my skin . Usually at the end of the day my skin feels so oily but after using this product I did n't have that problem .
 I had been using Herbal Essences Foaming Face Wash before trying Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser . The smell of the Herbal Essences cleaner is slightly more pleasant than the smell of the Neutrogena . I liked the fact that the Neutrogena seemed thicker than the Herbal Essences . Both products seem to do a good job of cleaning . I liked the pump bottle that came with the Neutrogena . The Herbal Essences had a squeeze bottle . The pump is more convenient . I would recommend this product to friends and family , but whether I would choose this product over Herbal Essences would depend upon the price . Given a similar price , I would choose the Neutrogena .
 I have tried many different facial cleansers and this was far better than most and at a great price ! I have '' `` combination skin '' '' and this product made my face softer and less flaky and my pores noticeably smaller . I loved that it came in a pump , rather than in a bar , and that therefore , there was less mess and waste . I would recommend this product to family and friends , especially during the winter months when problem skin is aggravated by lack of humidity and harsh weather conditions .
 So far , I have enjoyed testing Neutrogena Deep Clean Facial Cleanser Pump . It has done a good job of cleaning my face , without making it dry . I think it 's a good product for the price . I would highly recommend it to friends and family
 The 6oz . bottle goes a long way , I only use one squirt and it lathers up nicely . It will last for a long time .
 I 've been living in the States for the past 4 years and since I got here , I had been looking for a face wash that was neither creamy nor had the tingling sensation -LRB- like mints -RRB- on my face . The search got over the moment I found Deep Clean . I have been using it everyday for years now . I am extremely satisfied with it as it cleans really well -LRB- even my mascara -RRB- and does n't leave any residue on my skin which I feel the Clean and Clear brand does . I just love it !
 muy bueno el producto y llego a tiempo , muy responsable el vendedor , me gusta el producto , sin m&aacute;s que decir
 I like this a lot . No weird smells , does n't dry out my face and is easy to use . No fuss and no skin irritation on my sensitive skin .
 This is the best facial cleanser I 've ever used . I love how it makes my skin feel really silky after washing with it , and it gets make-up off really well too . I 've tried the generic brand at Target , and it just does n't work the same . Stick with the original !
 I have oily skin in my Tzone and dry skin everywhere else . I have been looking for years for a moisturizer that works on my skin and finally found it ! I ca n't say enough good things about this lotion . It moisturizes the dry areas but does n't leave the oily areas looking shiny . I love it !
 This cream helped my face stay soft throughout the day . I really like this cream and would recommend it to a friend .
 I am like all of you guys , my skin is oily during the day , but dry after using face wash . I find this particular product to really WORK on my skin . I am using this with neutrogena 's acne free face wash and my acne is less reddening now after 2 days . The moisturizer is one of the best u can get , it is very light on ur skin and u cant even feel it after applying it on . It also has a nice subtle smell on ur hands after using it on ur face . I absolutely love it and recommend it to anyone with oily , but also dry skin !
 I love this lotion.It is expensive for me but worth every single penny spent and heres why : - It will last you about 8 or 9 months , thats a tad over a $ 1 a month , and your skin is worth that and more-I dont break out or have any reaction to this what so ever-feels great going on and I forget that there is lotion on my face which i love . its not oily and leaves my skin smooth , goes on well-the container is good quality and even though it was hanging around for 8 or so months and being dropped and abused it held up : -RRB- after buying this lotion i decided whats the big difference if i buy the walgreens brand that says to compare the ingredients to this product . what a mistake . trying to save a few extra bucks i ended up wasting 6 because i havent picked it up again and i went out and bought another nuetrogena . the generic felt caked on and like i had put on suncreen that was thick and wouldnt let my skin breathe.Oh , and the best part of all is that my super cheap boyfriend came out of the bathroom one morning holding the bottle and said to me `` I dont care how much this costs this is what we are buying from now on `` 5 stars !
 You know what I mean
 I 've been using this product since November 2011 , and has about 1/3 of the bottle left . I 've tried many other moisturizers from Olay Combination Skin Moisturizer -LRB- watery consistency , and greasy on my face causing breakouts -RRB- , to high end products such as Shiseido and Lancome , none of which gave me the same smooth , matte , and oil controled skin as I do with this product . I started using it after digging through my boyfriend 's medicine cabinet one day when I ran out of my own moisturizer , and realized that it 's the best kept skin secret I 've yet to discover . I used to get small to medium-sized pimples weekly and monthly , uneven and red spots , and very oily T-zones . And I used to cover it up with lots of foundation or BB cream , which caused even more breakouts . Ever since using this product , I HAVE NOT FOUND THE NEED TO WEAR FOUNDATION OR BB CREAM FOR MONTHS !!! Yes that 's right , I am so proud to tell people that I 've stored away my foundation makeup and use less oil-absorbent sheets than before . I use this product everyday , morning and night time , never skipped once , because I would feel the differences right away and run straight to the bathroom to put it on . All of these are just the results that worked on me , and I hope it works for you as well , because having clearer skin has been truly one of the best gifts I 've gotten .
 I 've tried just about every moisturizer there is for a long time and I have to say after all of the trials and tribulation I 've finally found a moisturizer that works for me . It quickly absorbs and does n't leave your skin looking shiny like I 've found Cetaphil and the sensitive skin version of this same product to do . A great everyday moisturizer that you can put on at whatever point in the day and not worry about shining and looking like a weirdo when you come out of the bathroom . This stuff is a lifesaver and I could n't live without it . For me -- it really works . I highly recommend but I do stress that stuff like this usually varies from person to person so you may have to try a few different things before you find the right one for yourself ... despite that , personally , I can vouch for this stuff . Did I mention it is non-comogenic so you wo n't break out ?! This stuff is freakin ' awesome . Plain and simple .
 I have had acne since I was a teenager , and now that I 'm in my twenties I started using epiduo , which works great for the acne but makes my face extremely dry and flaky . I 've tried several lotions recommended to me , but they usually made my face feel greasy -LRB- although they all claimed to be `` non-greasy '' -RRB- and one even made me sweat profusely from my face . Not what I wanted . I started using this just a few days ago and have finally found what I 've been looking for . It helps a lot with the dry skin from epiduo , but does not cause my face to be greasy in the process . It 's a great balance , and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I love this product have been using it for months now and love it.it keeps my skin mositure throught out the day and it light not greasy are anything love it the oil free thing is big for me because my skin is oily.It a little bit of everything thing is comination . this works and i cleanse my face with clean and clear deep pore cleanse . Love it too keeps my face look nice . I looking for a toner now .
 First of all , if you 're a dude you 'll like that this does n't have a strong odor . I 'm a guy , and I 'm prone to acne , but this stuff works for me . It does n't smell like flowers and rainbows so your buddies wo n't ever know , and it keeps you from getting too oily .
 If you have combination skin it is a great product , it moisturizes enough and takes shine away from oily areas .
 Very good lotion . has helped me alot with ingrown hairs after i shave . i would n't recommend anything other than this .
 Let me tell you , my skin is the most acne-prone , sensitive skin there is . Plus around my mouth and on my nose it 's pretty dry while my forehead and cheeks are super oily . This stuff absorbs fast , keeps my skin moisturizes ALL DAY and I have n't gotten on pimple from this stuff . I highly recommend it .
 I order this product for my husband . Before we got married he would n't bother to put anything on his face ! Once he started seeing me use all my lotions and potions he asked for my recommendation . He has combination skin and since neutrogena is very hypoallegenic and I got this cream for him . He 's been using it regularly for about a year now and loves it !
 Okay so i like this product . I do n't think it does anything for shine control -LRB- I do not even have a shine problem -RRB- . It does n't moisture my skin incredibly well , but I like how its like a lotion but it kinda gets more absorbed into skin and does n't make my face feel greasy/lotiony ya know . I like that it is oil free and fragrance free . My only other problem beside not really getting enough moisture , is that it burns my skin . But that 's okay ! I 'll just have to try the `` sensitive skin '' version of this and hopefully that work better for me . There really arent that many products out there like this on the common store shelf . In my personal results , I give this a B + . Very good product though .
 Oily throughout the day , but WAY too dry after washing , I thought my skin was doomed . I tried moisturizer after moisturizer , and break out after break out followed ; most products left me oily and prone to worse blemishes , and the rest just did n't absorb or do anything to help the dryness . I had accepted that I would have to endure extra white heads if I wanted to hydrate my skin enough for my foundation not to look flaky and cracked on my poor chapped skin , because even mild soap left my face feeling stiff but without washing the oil was excessive.After 10 years , I have found my lotion . No matter how dry I am , massaging this into my skin feels amazing and leaves me looking great . I feel evenly hydrated in oily and dry zones alike , can wear make-up without that `` dry '' texture beneath , and often forego make-up anyway because this lotion leaves me glowing and acne free . My sensitive skin LOVES this stuff ; no bad reactions of any kind , and NO oily feeling or residue on top afterwards ! Massage it in , and it 's gone . It leaves behind happy skin and NOTHING ELSE . < 3I could n't be happier with what I paid for this , too . After 4 months of daily use I 'm only a third of the way through the bottle , and it shows no sign of discoloration , separation , or drying out despite being left `` open '' , sitting in heat/direct sunlight , or being forgotten outside in the cold winter . I 've put my bottle through some trials , and it looks like it still will be staying with me for a whole year if my math is right . At $ 10 , that 's still less than $ 1 a month . Your only worry about this investment will be misplacing it , but with how much you 'll love this product I doubt you 'll let it out of your sight : -RRB-
 I absolutely love this moisturizer . I am a 27 year old male with dry combination skin in the winter . I 've been looking for 2 weeks now for a good face moisturizer that wasnt greasy and left my skin hydrated with minimal shine . I bought a whole bunch of products that were had good reviews and were touted to be the best , but did not suit my needs as I have combination skin . I found this product merely by accident . I had bought the neutrogena hand cream from amazon and loved how it wasnt oily and left my hands nice and hydrated . So I started using it on my face since it wasnt harsh and left no oily residue . I figure there had to be a similar moisturizer for the face from neutrogena , so I searched my local supermarket for it . And voila ! I found a face moisturizer from neutrogena which said for combination skin . I was excited to try it since I loved the hand cream so much . Sure enough from the first time I tried it , I fell in love ! It hydrates my skin without leaving it tight and my face feels awesome with VERY minimal to no oily reside on my face . I 've only tried it once so far , but I 'm a firm believer . And at only 10 dollars a bottle , it 's a steal . So moral of the story ? If u have sensitive combination skin , I highly recommend this moisturizer .
 I honestly like this product . It goes one smooth and does n't smell like anything or make my skin all shiny . A lot of chemicals react badly with my skin and cause me to break out , but Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisture lotion is the only product I 've found that works so well and does n't cause me skin trouble . Very good purchase .
 I have oily skin to the point where I avoided using moisturizer as every one that I tried in the past made by skin even oilier . It was embarrassing ! I decided to give this one a try because of what it says it does and because I somehow developed small patches of dry skin on my face that needed to be treated , even though I was still oily . This moisturizer is absolutely amazing ! My skin feels so smooth after application with no greasy after feel and I am totally shocked to see how well it has kept my makeup in place . I did not have to blot once during the day while at work . It 's been 12 hours since I applied it today and my face still looks great . This product really works !!! I am overjoyed that I decided to give it a try and highly recommend it .
 I use this moisturizer when I just want a very light layer of moisture , but it is too light to be my regular daily-use . I like a creamier and just slightly heavier consistency on a daily basis so my normal one is the Sensitive Skin Neutrogena moisturizer . Not a bad product if you prefer a light gel-like lotion !
 This lotion is lightweight yet moisturizing . Once I tried this lotion , I was done searching for others . I like how there is no SPF in it so I can wear it before bed .
 I have combination skin that can be very oily but dries out without lotion . I used Oil of Olay for years , but they recently changed their formula so I had to switch brands . I tried this and love it ! I will never go back even if Oil of Olay does . It is so light and non-greasy . I have even cut back on how often I apply anti-acne medicine under my lotion . The only thing missing in this product is sunscreen .
 If you have dry when washed to oily few hours later skin like me - which I find a lot of South Asians do , this product is fantastic for you . First it 's super light , hydrates and does n't cause your face to develop excessive amounts of oil like many other moisturizers out there.Highly recommend product , part of my Subscribe & Save items !
 I have combination skin which is also sensitive , but I do n't need a moisturizer with SPF . It seems that everything comes with SPF these days!Neutrogena 's Oil-Free Moisture is GREAT for combination skin . They do have another formula for sensitive skin -LRB- Neutrogena Moisture Oil Free Formula , Sensitive Skin - 4 fl oz -RRB- but if you have sensitive combo skin like I do , this product will mostly likely work well for you , too . It 's fragrance free and non-comedogenic -LRB- wo n't clog pores -RRB- like most sensitive skin products . I wash my face in the morning and in the evening and use this moisturizer afterward both times . One pump is enough to last the whole day -- I do n't know how , but it keeps the dry parts moisturized and the oily parts un-shiny ! I have n't tried it under makeup yet , but it looks and feels like it would do just fine.If you just need a plain old moisturizer without SPF , anti-aging voodoo or anything else , this is the way to go .
 I 've been using this for years because it is SO light weight and does n't feel greasy . However , they only make one for oily skin and one for combo skin . Unfortunately , its just not cutting it for me in the winter . I just switched to Cereve for the winter months . Both are comparable in weight and price per ounce , but CereVe is keeping the flakiness down on my forehead and cheeks in the winter much better than this .
 I do n't typically write reviews , but I 'm so impressed with this product that I felt that I should . I 've tried many moisturizers in the past , and they all make my face break out within 48 hours . I finally just Googled `` Best moisturizer for acne prone skin '' and was willing to pay a much higher cost just to find something that would work for my face . This moisturizer was in the top 3 of several of the articles that I read -LRB- and number 1 in a few of them -RRB- , and it was the least expensive . I ordered it and have been using it for about a month now , and not only have I not broken out , but I 'm also noticing that my skin is looking much healthier . If I ever hear that they may be considering discontinuing this product , I 'll definitely be stocking up !
 I have always been a fan of Neutrogena . This product work great and it feels refreshing after I use it .
 I 've been using the Neutrogena brand oil-free moisturizer for a while now , and it works great . Because it 's oil free , it goes on light , while still hydrating your skin .
 this moisturizes great and does not make you break out like lots of moisturizers i have tried over the years
 I have tried so many high end cleansers and I always come back to this when they screw up my complexion . I have oily skin , and need an oil free product . Some products claim to be oil free , but really are not . Other products that are oil free over dry the skin and make it tight , and dry or flaky but this has just the right amount of moisture . For the price there is nothing better , and I have yet to find a formula that keeps me acne and irritation free as well as this product.This is also gentle enough to use on and around my eye area and removes my make up easily with warm water.I highly recommend this product to anyone who suffers from acne , or needs an oil control product/cleanser . There are also no parabens in this product !
 I love love love this cleanser !!! I 'm changing products all the time to see if I find a better fit , but I always come back to this cleanser ! It feels sooo good on my combination acne prone skin . It does n't dry it out , however I can feel it cleanses very well . I like to leave it on as a mask during the time I brush my teeth -LRB- about 5 min or so -RRB- , then when I rinse it off my skin feels amazing , there 's a light tingling feeling and incredible deep clean sensation ! They say it contains beta hydroxy , so I 'm guessing it 's acting a little kind of like very light peeling , refreshing your complexion every time ...
 This product is really good for anyone whose had a history of reactions to other products . There 's no parabens , little alcohols , and no propylene glycol -LRB- which I found out I 'm somehow allergic to -RRB- . Plus , its oil free and it does n't give me that dry feeling that most cleansers do , nor does it feel thin and watery like most water-based products . Its gentle enough to use twice a day and it helps keep the acne down . I 've only had one or breakouts in the months I 've been using it .
 I have used this cleanser ever since I tried it out at my friend 's house . Before , I could n't really find a cleanser that was right for me . It either made my skin too dry or oily , it really differed . I think of my skin as somewhat sensitive , its dry in some places and oily in others.However , this cleanser is oil free according to its label and so decided to try it . When I used it at my friends house -LRB- her parents work at Johnson & Johnson -RRB- so I decided to try it . When I did , it had this interesting tingly feeling . However , it did n't hurt at all , to me it was more refreshing . Ever since I use ti , my face feels not oily and not dry , even if I do n't use lotion . I wash with it daily and it makes for a great morning boost . The refreshing , cooling feeling is great to wake up to in the morning.I have n't changed to another cleanser for about a whole year , and I do n't plan on it . I love it and I would definitely recommend it to any others why want to try it !
 I use this product to deep clean my face ; however , it is an excellent to exfoliate any part of your body -- legs , feet , hands , etc. . It 's gentle enough for the face , yet excellent enough to use anywhere effectively .
 there is a difference between this cleanser and the `` neutrogena deep clean foaming cleanser '' -LRB- if i remember the name correctly -RRB- that looks almost exactly identical to this one except for that one word.i love this cream cleanser -- i like the feel of it -LRB- it stays put on your face almost like a mask but rinses off easily -RRB- , it does a great job cleansing my face without drying it out , and it lasts a long time -LRB- you only need to use a tiny bit each time -RRB- . i 've got normal skin , but would also recommend it to people with oily skin -LRB- just use more than the dime size drop that i use -RRB- .
 i like this wash its very good , i have a lot of blackheads and it does work to clear them up and leaves your face feel very very clean .
 It really deep cleans and tingles , but if I use it more than once a day my face starts over - producing oil . But as a once-a-day cleanser it has really helped clear up my cystic acne . Over cleansing/scrubbing made it worse , but just this product and warm water made it better . Also , best to moisturize after to keep skin smooth
 I do love this cleanser above all other cleansers . It doens ' t leave my skin feeling so dry like others and it is n't as harsh to my skin as facial scrubs . It leaves my skin feeling very refreshed , and I have no problem with acne breakouts or anything .
 I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks . I get blackheads and sometimes acne , especially if I do n't follow my skin reggie.I 've been using this with some other Neutrogena products for about 8 months now.The texture is white and creamy . It tingles on the skin if you let it sit for a few minutes . I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower , then rinse with cool water . I use every morning.My skin reggie : Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every morning , as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only , change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face , do n't pick blemishes
 Great product I used it for a couple of weeks and helped clear my face . I have two tone skin oily and dry so worked for me .
 Lighten skin and clean cery well but can be too strong . I skip using for a few times and resume when feeling too tense
 A all time product . I tried many years ago and I never lived it ! Its really a great product and a great price .
 I have been a long-time devotee of this Neutrogena face wash . It is a thorough , deep clean , and leaves my skin feeling soft and toned . Plus , the tingling sensation is now a part of my morning wake-up routine . I was thrilled to find this available on Amazon , and the ability to subscribe is a great deal !
 I bought this cleanser for my husband . He was looking for something simple to help his complexion and he loves this stuff ! I was sharing my own personal cleanser with him at first , but he did n't like that . I decided to try this for myself a couple of times . It does n't foam , but it leaves your skin feeling squeaky clean . I also love the smell . With regular use , I have noticed a change in my husband 's skin for sure . Good stuff ! It looks smoother and brighter .
 i love neutrogena products they are great for skin care . i use all of them and this one was really great .
 I have oily , sensitive skin , and this cream wash leaves my skin feeling tingly clean without making my face red or peeling . Does not foam when you use it , but the tingling lets you know if you 've missed a spot !
 I bought this product and its fantastic ! I actually ca n't wait to use it and the end of the day ! It makes your skin feel so clean and smooth ! I have an apricot scrub I use first , and then I use this , then finally I use some lotion and my skin feels amazing!I was hoping that it would clear up my blackheads , but it has n't really . But no other pimples or blackheads have popped up since I started using it!There is a great genaric version at Walmart - Equate Creamy Facial Cleanser . It is about 2.97 $ about 3 dollars less this this , So since Im cheap I go with the Equate . Both work amazing !
 I first purchased this product because I wanted a cleanser in a squeeze tube so that I could easily use it at the gym . Pumps are hard to `` close '' so that they do n't accidently pump into my gym bag . I also wanted a cream cleanser because after I turned 40 skin dryness in my face became more of an issue even though I make sure to drink plenty of water . I also purchased it for the price . I did n't even notice that the packaging read `` oil free '' . I typically do n't buy oil free cleansers because I want more oil in the cleanser to moisturize my skin.Well , do n't let `` oil free '' fool you . Deep Clean does not dry out my skin . It works as well as cream cleansers that use the word `` moisturizing '' on their package.As of 01/06/2012 Amazon listed this product as costing $ 5.74 for 7 ounces -LRB- $ 0.82 per ounce -RRB- and $ 19.77 for 21 ounces -LRB- $ 0.94 per ounce -RRB- . It does not make sense to me that the cost per ounce for buying in bulk -LRB- the three pack which comes to 21 ounces -RRB- is MORE than the cost per ounce for buying a single unit . Buying in bulk usually means saving money . I will be hitting the `` 1 pack '' button when I order and then once the item is in my cart I will increase the quantity . I will not be hitting the `` 3 pack '' button .
 I have been using this product for several years . The last time I tried to find it , it seemed that it had been discontinued , which was very disheartening . This is great for women over 50 who have started to get dry skin and light wrinkling . I 'm 73 and it keeps my wrinkles at bay . My friends tell me I could pass for late 40 's . I do n't have any crows feet and my skin is very smooth . I always use a moisturizer , which is Pond 's Dry Skin cream . I hope no one catches on that this product -LRB- Pond 's -RRB- is every bit as good as the astronomically priced skin creams .
 I started using this face cleaner when I was in high school . I had a lot of acne with fair , oily skin , so I would always stray towards specifically ` acne fighting ' cleansers . I had lots of issues with other cleansers drying out my skin , the acid causing irritation and further redness , and little success with acne treatment . My mom finally took me to a dermatologist which prescribed antibiotics , a benzoic acid topical ointment , and BC . The benzoic ointment instructions recommended a non salicylic acid face wash to reduce irritation . A friend of mine recommended the neutrogena brand which I had shyed from because it was a little pricy for me , but I heeded her advice . I searched for a non acidic , non oily cleanser , non mature-skin cleanser and picked out this one.The cleanser is awesome , the light creamy texture is much easier to control than liquidy pump-bottle cleansers , which I really appreciate . It has a great smell and a slight refreshing tingle -LRB- not the sting of acidic washes -RRB- . And it works wonders for my skin . Somehow , it manages to even my complexion so that I look better than when I used foundation/powder with other cleansers , even though I do n't use a toner . My skin has becomed more and more healthy now that I no longer wear daily foundation . It leaves skin soft , with no oily residue , and there is no drying effect . My acne went away also , though I was on other treatments as well -LRB- and it has stayed away -RRB- . Between growing out of teenage acne and this cleanser , my skin is now very even-toned , my pores have shrank , and the only redness is a natural blush on my cheeks . My only complaint would be that the tube design makes it a troublesome to get all the cleanser out of the tube , however , I will be using this cleanser until it is discontinued .
 I 've been using this product for over 5 years . I work in the entertainment industry and constantly get compliments from makeup artists about my skin tone . This product works great for me .
 Neutrogena 's deep clean cream cleanser is an absolute essential step in my daily face care routine . I use this every night before going to sleep , and I do n't feel clean and know all my make-up has been removed until I use this . The best part is , while I know it 's thoroughly removing all the make-up from the day , I do n't feel like it leaves my face dried out . Will definitely continue to use this product.My only complaint is I wish it was sold in smaller quantities because I travel a lot and often only need a carry-on . I hate trying to transfer this into a smaller container .
 I do n't use this often but when I do it feels great to my skin . It cleans well , removes oil and dirt . I like how does not cause that overdrying feeling once it dries . It also seems to have a cooling aid too so if I happen to clean to harshly I wo n't tell . For those who wear makeup from my understanding it 's a good at removing it before bedtime . This does cost a few bucks more than its competition Noxzema -- I do n't see a big difference besides you paying for the name . Nevertheless pretty good facial cleaner .
 Although this product alone did not get rid of my hormonal cystic acne , it seems to have helped stop the constant infection that has been happening on my chin area . I am also taking 100 mg of Spironolactone daily , Beyaz birth control , Retin-A at night , and Skinoren in the a.m. However , I had been taking all of these medications for some time , and it was n't until I started using this product that I began to see some relief . It has even cleared some tiny infected bumps on my chin that had been there for months , and had never come to a head . I always felt that so long as I had these bumps under the skin , I 'd always break out . This product helped dry them up and pull that infection out . I am beginning to have a normal looking face again , and am so grateful for this product . I use this product once in the pm , sensitive skin Cetaphil cleanser in the a.m. , and gentle wash after eating . I also make sure to brush and floss before washing my face , and washing my face after washing my hair .
 I started using this face cleaner when I was in high school . I had a lot of acne with fair , oily skin , so I would always stray towards specifically ` acne fighting ' cleansers . I had lots of issues with other cleansers drying out my skin , the acid causing irritation and further redness , and little success with acne treatment . My mom finally took me to a dermatologist which prescribed antibiotics , a benzoic acid topical ointment , and BC . The benzoic ointment instructions recommended a non salicylic acid face wash to reduce irritation . A friend of mine recommended the neutrogena brand which I had shyed from because it was a little pricy for me , but I heeded her advice . I searched for a non acidic , non oily cleanser , non mature-skin cleanser and picked out this one.The cleanser is awesome , the light creamy texture is much easier to control than liquidy pump-bottle cleansers , which I really appreciate . It has a great smell and a slight refreshing tingle -LRB- not the sting of acidic washes -RRB- . And it works wonders for my skin . Somehow , it manages to even my complexion so that I look better than when I used foundation/powder with other cleansers , even though I do n't use a toner . My skin has becomed more and more healthy now that I no longer wear daily foundation . It leaves skin soft , with no oily residue , and there is no drying effect . My acne went away also , though I was on other treatments as well -LRB- and it has stayed away -RRB- . Between growing out of teenage acne and this cleanser , my skin is now very even-toned , my pores have shrank , and the only redness is a natural blush on my cheeks . My only complaint would be that the tube design makes it a troublesome to get all the cleanser out of the tube , however , I will be using this cleanser until it is discontinued .
 I 've been using this Neutrogena cleanser for a couple of years now but this 's the first time I bought it from Amazon . The pack of 3 is great value for money since they sell these at nearly $ 8 at Safeways and $ 6.50 -LRB- if you catch of on discount -RRB- at drug stores . I love the tingling feeling the cleanser gives me while washing my face -LRB- is that good or bad ? -RRB- and my face always feels so fresh and clean afterwards . I 've tried lots and lots of other more expensive cleansers but had to come back to Neutrogena deep clean . You would definitely need moisturizer afterwards if you have normal skin like me though . Highly recommended .
 Have been using it for 7 + years . one of the excellent products from Neutrogena . Its so refreshing.There are no second thoughts on it .
 It literally makes my face squeaky clean ! I can ; t rave enough about it , best cleanser for the price ! Do it !
 I needed a cleanser that would n't dry out my face . I am happy my skin is flaking and I 'm not breaking out anymore . Does n't really clean eye make-up though .
 I have the most stubborn skin in the world ! So I 've pretty much given up on trying to fix it with normal products . However , while this face wash did n't do anything to clear up my skin , I still loved using it . I love the tingly sensation on my skin after using it , it really makes my skin feel so clean . And it also leaves it feeling pretty smooth . Definitely recommend this product !!
 I have moderately oily skin and like to wash my face a couple times a day . This face wash is astringent enough to remove the oils and still allow me to use it a couple times a day without completely drying out my face .
 I like this face wash . I love Neutrogena products . I use this on my face every morning . I have fair sensitive skin . At first , it made my skin dry out a bit from everyday use . I had to switch to every other day . Does not lather as much as I would like , but I still feel tingly clean after washing .
 A truly magnificent cleanser that leaves your skin feeling super cool and ultra smooth . I will be reordering this cleanser from now on .
 I started using this cleanser last year , and I can honestly tell you that my skin has never looked better . When you rub in this cleanser it creates a cool , tingly sensation -- you can literally feel it working into your pores , and the creamy consistency makes it easy to apply just the right amount . It does a wonderful job of helping to prevent acne and blackheads without drying out your skin.My forehead and cheeks are prone to dermatitis and used to get dry and flaky with the cleanser I 'd been using , which was actually also a Neutrogena product
 Me and my wife both have used this product and get really clean feeling but depending on your skin it can burn a little as well .
 This stuff is AMAZING . One time I was showering and realized I did not have any soap or body wash left . Only fools cleanse their body with shampoo , so what did I do ? I vigorously scrubbed every inch of my body using Neutrogena 's Deep Clean Cream Cleanser . Not to be too explicit , but I 'm happy to say that the flaky field of scabs and pockets of puss that once formed around my tail bone are now gone . I say this only because I 've seen some acne that rivaled the skin I once had . For those who have already used this product , you know exactly how refreshing it leaves your face feeling ... the rest of your body is n't exempt from the same feeling . It may not smell like cucumber melon or Old Spice , but your skin will thank you for it .
 This mist is the real deal for beautiful hair . Ever notice the way light plays on the healthy hair of a child ? I am 60 + and have white and very light blonde fine hair , just to my shoulders . I use hair spray for control and it can make my hair seem a bit dull -LRB- well , age does that too -RRB- , so , when I 'm all done I spritz this all over and my hair shines and sparkels as it did when I was a child . Some glossers made my hair oily , wieghed down and even yellowed , but not this one . I can comb through and the shine lasts and is never heavy or oily . I do n't find it in the stores where I live , but , thanks to Amazon I can order before I run out and its always here on time . I 've been using this for two years and would n't be without it or the many many compliments that I receive .
 I 've been using this product for years , religiously ! I am addicted . The fragrance is fresh/clean . This product leaves hair very shiny and a little goes a long way . I have long dry color treated curly hair ... If too much is applied , your hair will become oily so be careful if you have thin hair .
 This product was recommended to me to help smooth and shine my hair when I curled it . However , I use this product everyday , and I usually just blow it out . It does n't leave a greasy residue on your hair , just tames down the flyaways and helps smooth your hair . I 've already bought this a second time , it 's become a go-to product for me .
 I just received this today 1-11-2012 , but dealing with frederic fekkai products I know it is going to be great .
 These small barrettes match a larger barrette that I already owned . The tortoise shell colors are beautiful and the barrette is study and will hold my thick hair .
 LOVE . . the barrettes from this company and this brand . A great example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Wonderful collection , easy to return -LRB- they really care about my future business -RRB- . Highly recommend their product and they service . Thanks
 This barrette is very cute and it came in lovely packaging . However , I feel that the price is a bit high considering its overall quality .
 PROS
 This is a very light and sheer foundation . I liked the way it went on my skin , and especially liked the fact that I did n't need to use a daytime moisturizer . While the color looked a little darker in the tube than what I normally use , it looked fine on my face -- mostly because of the sheerness . This compares to the Clinique 's Workout makeup , just a little lighter coverage . It lasts all day , feels great , and makes you look like you 're not wearing anything .
 I have used this tinted moisturizer for over 10 years . I love it . For a great natural look , this is all you need along with a little blush and some mascara and lip gloss . It evens out your skin tone beautifully and is great for covering blemishes . One tube lasts me at least 2 months . I would n't buy anything else .
 This is a great foundation ! It goes on smoothly and stays on quite long ! It does n't have that caked-on feeling as some others do . It also washes off very easily . I 'd recommend this to a friend !
 Almay Moisture Tint Sports Formula Makeup light was really great . It felt light on my face and did n't make me break out .
 PROS
 This is a very light and sheer foundation . I liked the way it went on my skin , and especially liked the fact that I did n't need to use a daytime moisturizer . While the color looked a little darker in the tube than what I normally use , it looked fine on my face -- mostly because of the sheerness . This compares to the Clinique 's Workout makeup , just a little lighter coverage . It lasts all day , feels great , and makes you look like you 're not wearing anything .
 I have used this tinted moisturizer for over 10 years . I love it . For a great natural look , this is all you need along with a little blush and some mascara and lip gloss . It evens out your skin tone beautifully and is great for covering blemishes . One tube lasts me at least 2 months . I would n't buy anything else .
 This is a great foundation ! It goes on smoothly and stays on quite long ! It does n't have that caked-on feeling as some others do . It also washes off very easily . I 'd recommend this to a friend !
 Almay Moisture Tint Sports Formula Makeup light was really great . It felt light on my face and did n't make me break out .
 I have used this product for over 8 years . When I recently ran out I could n't find it in the stores in my area so I came to the internet to search for it . I feel lucky to have found this product and hope that it is never discontinued ... but just in case I bought two of them -LRB- 1 lasted me almost 2 years ! -RRB- This product works great and is not greasy and leaves no residue , also gentle on the sensitive eye area .
 Works better than i expected . goes on silky smooth not greasy at all . smells so goood even after you tan . gives your skin a beautiful deep dark tan . i love this product so much an will continue to buy this . if you want a crazy beautiful , deep , dark tan , FAST you must get this lotion !!!!!
 These barrettes are so unusual in today 's market
 I have really thick hair , and this clip will keep it up in an updo or a ponytail . It is absolutely the only thing that works , and it lasts for years . Stylish and sturdy .
 I use these daily ... I even sleep with my hair up in these ... The best and most comfortable clip ever .
 I 've looked for a long time for a large barrette to hold my long hair but not pull or break the hair . This looks nice and can even hold my hair when twisted and up on my head . Plus they came quickly . Thank You
 Another reviewer noted that this barrette could hold all of their thick hair . I was skeptical but it really can . For years I 've had hair dressers comment that I have have the most hair they have worked with and this barrette managed to hold it all . I do n't plan on using it to hold all my hair though because that is a lot of pressure and even though I know it will hold I do n't want to risk breaking it . I 'll use the volume barrettes for that , but this barrette comfortably holds half my hair up and off my face without budging an inch . It 's pretty and super sturdy . Overall a great investment !
 Pros
 I have this clip in 5 colors and I will probably buy more . These are the best made clip I have ever seen in this price range . I have thin to medium hair and they hold my hair perfectly . The colors look very `` high end '' . There is a color to go with every hair color and every outfit . Love them !
 I love this barrette . Its lightweight and pretty ! I have been using larger barrettes . My hair stylist said its bad for the hair - can make it fall out if you keep your hair in a ponytail .
 These Frenchie style hair clips are made so well , they just might last forever . I love how the clasp can handle my thick hair and there is no slippage once secured . A little pricey , but well worth the cost . This is n't some cheapo plastic clip , oh no ...
 This barrette is just like other reviewers wrote -- it holds a lot more hair than shorter ones and is very easy to use . I recommend it highly .
 I bought 3 different long skinny barrettes . All of them are very well made and hold my thick hair all day long without pinching or breaking . The slim profile looks wonderful , the clasp never gives me trouble and it looks beautiful . Could n't ask for better barrettes .
 This barrette is just like other reviewers wrote -- it holds a lot more hair than shorter ones and is very easy to use . I recommend it highly .
 These barrettes are so unusual in today 's market
 I have really thick hair , and this clip will keep it up in an updo or a ponytail . It is absolutely the only thing that works , and it lasts for years . Stylish and sturdy .
 I use these daily ... I even sleep with my hair up in these ... The best and most comfortable clip ever .
 I 've looked for a long time for a large barrette to hold my long hair but not pull or break the hair . This looks nice and can even hold my hair when twisted and up on my head . Plus they came quickly . Thank You
 Another reviewer noted that this barrette could hold all of their thick hair . I was skeptical but it really can . For years I 've had hair dressers comment that I have have the most hair they have worked with and this barrette managed to hold it all . I do n't plan on using it to hold all my hair though because that is a lot of pressure and even though I know it will hold I do n't want to risk breaking it . I 'll use the volume barrettes for that , but this barrette comfortably holds half my hair up and off my face without budging an inch . It 's pretty and super sturdy . Overall a great investment !
 Pros
 I have this clip in 5 colors and I will probably buy more . These are the best made clip I have ever seen in this price range . I have thin to medium hair and they hold my hair perfectly . The colors look very `` high end '' . There is a color to go with every hair color and every outfit . Love them !
 I love this barrette . Its lightweight and pretty ! I have been using larger barrettes . My hair stylist said its bad for the hair - can make it fall out if you keep your hair in a ponytail .
 I bought 3 different long skinny barrettes . All of them are very well made and hold my thick hair all day long without pinching or breaking . The slim profile looks wonderful , the clasp never gives me trouble and it looks beautiful . Could n't ask for better barrettes .
 These Frenchie style hair clips are made so well , they just might last forever . I love how the clasp can handle my thick hair and there is no slippage once secured . A little pricey , but well worth the cost . This is n't some cheapo plastic clip , oh no ...
 this cologne is the reason i love the summer , its soo light and citruisy that it simply lasts the entire day . but what really gets me is when it mixes with my body and the oder of the sweat simply mixes with the fragrance to give off a unique smell that is soo good i cant describe it . it is the true essence of a perfume which was created by the french to hide the dirty foul smell of body oder . i think you can even put this on without even deodorant it is that good ! if you love smells of the summer , and something subtle and really last for a long long time on you then go for this cologne . it is simply devine ...
 I used to wear a cologne no longer produced named SPACE 21st ; SPACE 21st smelled exactly like the title `` from outer space '' . It mixed with my body chemicals so well that it made me emanate extraterrestrial smells . It was an extremely good smell and received positive comments from females . I was really bitter after finding out that SPACE 21st was no longer being produced . I had a hell of a time trying to find a replacement . What I was looking for was something that smelled light but very noticeable -LRB- not strong and in your face -RRB- . ROCHAS is the one ; it 's another one of these extraterrestrial blends that is the perfect alternative to SPACE 21st . I also must mention that ROCHAS smells similar to JOOP but it distinctly is not JOOP . The ROCHAS smell matches it 's product design very well and the color maroon . If there was ever a smell that represented the color maroon , ROCHAS is it . If you 've never smelled ROCHAS and are relying on this review , trust me , you will thank me .
 I always purchased it at duty free shop during our travels to London to visit family . Have used it for years .
 Overall , a good product and a good idea . Allows concealed carry of a firearm and wallet , etc without being too conspicuous , especially in the warmer months when shorts make concealment more difficult . Different sizes accomodate varying needs.One improvement I would make is to make the item a bit more durable . I 've owened a few of these and note two repetitive problems
 This barrette is just like other reviewers wrote -- it holds a lot more hair than shorter ones and is very easy to use . I recommend it highly .
 I bought 3 different long skinny barrettes . All of them are very well made and hold my thick hair all day long without pinching or breaking . The slim profile looks wonderful , the clasp never gives me trouble and it looks beautiful . Could n't ask for better barrettes .
 These barrettes are so unusual in today 's market
 I have really thick hair , and this clip will keep it up in an updo or a ponytail . It is absolutely the only thing that works , and it lasts for years . Stylish and sturdy .
 I use these daily ... I even sleep with my hair up in these ... The best and most comfortable clip ever .
 I 've looked for a long time for a large barrette to hold my long hair but not pull or break the hair . This looks nice and can even hold my hair when twisted and up on my head . Plus they came quickly . Thank You
 Another reviewer noted that this barrette could hold all of their thick hair . I was skeptical but it really can . For years I 've had hair dressers comment that I have have the most hair they have worked with and this barrette managed to hold it all . I do n't plan on using it to hold all my hair though because that is a lot of pressure and even though I know it will hold I do n't want to risk breaking it . I 'll use the volume barrettes for that , but this barrette comfortably holds half my hair up and off my face without budging an inch . It 's pretty and super sturdy . Overall a great investment !
 Pros
 I have this clip in 5 colors and I will probably buy more . These are the best made clip I have ever seen in this price range . I have thin to medium hair and they hold my hair perfectly . The colors look very `` high end '' . There is a color to go with every hair color and every outfit . Love them !
 I love this barrette . Its lightweight and pretty ! I have been using larger barrettes . My hair stylist said its bad for the hair - can make it fall out if you keep your hair in a ponytail .
 These Frenchie style hair clips are made so well , they just might last forever . I love how the clasp can handle my thick hair and there is no slippage once secured . A little pricey , but well worth the cost . This is n't some cheapo plastic clip , oh no ...
 I have very thick and long hair and I like to wear it up in a type of French twist . I had a nice barrette I got a long time ago that was sturdy and long enough to fit all of my hair without any trouble but after years of use it broke . I looked EVERYWHERE for something comparable in stores and could not for the life of me find anything that was near the same in length with the same snap closure . I took a chance on this barrette and I 'm so happy that I did ! It is just what I needed and I love that it comes in so many different colors . Though it is skinny it feels sturdy and it 's length is long enough to fit all of my hair . It is on the expensive side for a barrette but I have a feeling it 's going to last for a long time and allow me to wear my hair up the way I like for years to come .
 I looked for this fragrance for the longest , but could n't find it . Then , I came to Amazon and there it was ! It smells great and my girlfriend absolutely loves it . Amazon , you are my hero !
 This sweet fragrance became part of me the moment I saw the heart-shaped bottle -LRB- it 's not conventionally heart-shaped either . . it is from an aerial -LSB- bird 's eye -RSB- view . . -RRB- . I knew it was going to be sexy , seductive , and alluring . And I was right ! The notes of mandarin , iris , vanilla , and sandalwood mix together juuusst right ~ I LOVE it ! And I 'm not the only one who does . . ; - -RRB- Tips/Suggestions/Comments involving Escada Sentiment :1 -RRB- I 'd say the scent strength is moderate over all . There 's a intense sweet smell in the beginning but it becomes subtler almost immediately . . Most of the Escada perfumes start out strong if you ask me , but I would n't call any of them intense . . well . . at least none of them that I recall at this point of time . .2 -RRB- The scent length is average -LRB- about 8 hours -RRB- like most perfumes ... 3 -RRB- Just like amazon suggests , I 'd say this fragrance could be used for romantic purposes . . though I 'd also call it a bit casual so I 'd say this perfume can be used for whatever you want it to be used for -LRB- whether it 's for a date , a night out in town , or even just daily usage for work or whatever . . -RRB- .4 -RRB- While this fragrance has a sweet hint to it , it 's also pretty sophisticated so I 'm not sure teens would like it as much as other fruitier perfumes . But , I guess it depends on the teen , eh ? If you ask me , everyone 's scent likes and dislikes are different so you never know . . . But for the most part , I 'd call this a `` adult '' or `` mature '' scent ...
 So I will admit that I bought perfume at first , because of the pretty bottle . It smells sweet & pretty . I would say its good for an age range from 17 to 32 or so . Its light and lovely . Its honestly and elegant scent and I would recommend it to anyone ! One of my most favorite perfumes and trust me I have bought a lot as I have a terrible perfume addiction ! Perfumes are so much fun and this one I just love !
 I love the smell of this perfume by escada . It is my all time favorite .
 this came right on time , wrapped with a sample . I could not find this anywhere , be sure to keep 1 in stock for me . Thanks
 I recieved this perfume as a gift many years ago and all i 've got were compliments every time i had it on so this holidays i bought it for my sister in law since she keeps complimenting the smell . A way to describe it would be a very sweet smell but not annoying , it lasts all day . i would recomend in for women in between 20 to 40 . BTW this price is great , usually this bottle runs for 65 dlls !!!!
 I absolutely love this perfume . I started wearing it 5 years ago when I was in high school and I still wear it . I am glad that Amazon still sells it and at a fabulous price . I used to buy it a discount perfume store . However , Amazon has the best deal out of anyone and everyone . This perfume smells so wonderful . I get so many compliments on it on a daily basis . I would definitely recommend it .
 i just bought a bottle and if you like light and flowery this is heaven . It smells like spring time .
 After trying just about the lip liners in the world . This is truly the best . Been using it got years and years . Perfect color goes with any lipstick ... I mean any ! Never bleeds out of my lip line . Love the ease of ordering on Amazon
 I am in love with pink lipstick but I really need to have a brown liner otherwise the pink is too light against my brown skin . this works well in toning things down a bit . I did also notice that it does n't go quite as nice with the more red lip shades.I would by it again , especially since it was only 99cent at the drugstore . I also think its great that wet n wild makes such long pencils too !
 This is the best lipliner out there . It goes with all lipsticks and glosses and the price is unbelievable . Even the sales associates at the expensive brand counters know this one . You should definitely try this one !
 I love this lip liner !! I have been wearing it for 10 years and think it is just wonderful ! I wear a lot of diffrent brands mostly Channel , Lancome , and MAC but I only wear this liner is goes with everything !
 Really like this eyeliner so far . Most eyeliners smudge and end up underneath my eyes , but this one has been pretty good so far . Unlike the previous review , I find the color fine as far as being dark enough - and without extra coats . I have n't tried sharpening it yet , but may use this professional makeup tip
 Wet 'n' Wild takes a lot of slack from the so called big companies that products cost more , but I have found Wet 'n' Wild products to be very good and have used this eyeliner on many occasions . They make long lasting lipstick and great make-up products for a good price .
 this was a color I have had trouble finding in our area , small town , & happy to find it on Amazon . Thanks
 IT WORKS GREAT AND SPELLS GOOD . I LOVED THE REASONABLE PRICE ON THIS ALSO . THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR IT
 Great product . Works well . I have n't had a chance to use it , but I 'm sure it will be fine . Nice color too .
 Bought this for my wife . She really likes bareMinerals products . I assume she is very pleased with this purchase as well .
 This product is great , I 've been using it for years and it always looks so natural like your not wearing anything at all , which is how make-up is supposed to look ! It allows your skin to breath so it does n't clog pores or cause breakouts . One side note ; It can tend to accentuate dry skin so make sure you moisturize beforehand if your skin is on the dry side or if you use drying skin products like Retinol etc. . I use Jane Iredale 's tinted moisturizer underneath it and love the way it looks , plus I feel like it makes it last a lot longer throughout the day and look that much smoother :-RRB- Bonus , it 's waaay cheaper here on Amazon so I will buy here from now on !
 This product meet my expectations as a Bare Minerals product for less . You cant beat that ! Shipped quickly and I am very satisfied and will order again
 I LOVE bare minerals ! This product not only has great coverage but it feels as though you have nothing on your skin !
 Super natural , nicely matt , great color , long lasting and great on your skin . I HIGHLY recommend this product . My skin feels fantastic
 I 've been wearing liquid foundation for years , and even though I buy the oil-free kind from Clinique and Lancome , it still feels sticky to me . So I thought I 'd try Bare minerals , but was skeptical because other powder foundations either made my face look dry and flaky or did n't provide any coverage . I bought the Bare Minerals foundation powder in medium , the Mineral veil powder as a finishing powder , and a cheaper brand of primer -LRB- Bare Escentuals primer -RRB- , plus a new set of brushes . I was amazed to find that the coverage was actually a little better and more natural looking than the liquid foundation . And even at the end of the day my face felt dry and smooth , not sticky/oily . It even did a good job of covering my freckles/sunspots . I think that if you use this product , you absolutely need to get the primer . I got some from a different brand and it worked just fine . A little bit goes a long way - you only need maybe just a pea size amount . It helps the powder stick evenly . I would recommend getting the concealer brush too if you have particular areas you need more coverage for .
 I love this product ! It looks and feels as if I bought it at Sephora and costs twice less . Blends in perfectly with the skin , just like all bareMinerals and stays on the whole day . Top rated product for me .
 Really glad I switched to mineral makeup . It goes on smoothly , stays all day ; looks and feels good . I chose the matte because I had read that the original formula contains Bismuth Oxychloride , which can be an acne-inducer . My skin is acne-prone , combo w / a fairy oily t-zone . I use the matte powder over Murad 's oil-controlling mattifer and I am shine-free all day.Though I do not think this product actually improved my skin 's condition -LRB- after about a month of use , anyway -RRB- , it has n't hurt it , either , and I like using it.However , if you buy the kit , FYI , I do n't think the brushes are all that . Get a set of EcoTools - I liked 'em way better .
 I like this foundation and have used it daily since I bought it . I wish it would last all day but it seems to need a touch up by afternoon . I especially like that it is n't shiny like the regular bareminerals foundation was for me . So far I am happy and will continue to use this .
 I 've been using bare mineral for 4 years and i love it ! It 's such a great product , but I wanted to buy it at cheaper price . I was excited to see that the price was cheaper than buying it in the store where I usually buy it .
 Best makeup ever ! I have super sensitive skin that breaks out at the mere sight of foundation ! I can actually wear this and it feels amazing !!! I love it !!!!!! And best part is its so easy to use and I only need to use one type for everthing you know ? Its great !
 Love it ! I have used it every day since it arrived . It is simple to apply ; just swirl , tap , and apply to your skin . You get full coverage from a mineral foundation . The difference between the matte and the original formula ? The original formula is has a sheen coverage , and is great for dry skin . This formula is great for the matte look and works well for me . The original formula has bismuth , which is known to agravate rosacea . Bare escentual matte does not contain this ingredient so it is better for sensitve skin and for those suffering from roseaca .
 I am in love with this bare mineral foundation ! It cover nicely and feel fresh all day long . Easy to applied and my skin look flawless ! Will buy more from this seller . : -RRB-
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR A FEW YRS . LOVE THIS PRODUCTLIKE HAVING NO MAKEUP ON YOUR FACE AND I USE A CONCEALER AROUND MYEYES FOR A SMALL COVERAGE AND THE POWER BAREMINERALS ON I HIGHLYRECOMMMEND IT !!
 It 's good : -RRB- light and matte as discribed . I usally use Loreal 's but after reviewed some critics online i thought I need to give it a try . The only thing I think Loreal 's product is better is the brush comes with the product as a top , it 's easy to use .
 I was already a huge fan of the bareMinerals products , but this one is even greater ! It has helped my face look less oily throughout the day , and it does n't clog my pores . SPF 15 is awesome too because I do n't have to worry about putting another product on my sensitive face . It does n't spill out all over the place either because you can twist the edge to lock it . So awesome ! I really hope they NEVER discontinue this product because I will use it forever !
 I chose 5 stars due to the fact that I have been using this product for years & never fails ! Product lasts me over 3 months !
 I am over 70 and my daughter introduced me to Bare Escentials . I love it and I think it make me look younger . No heavy makeup lines , you do n't have the `` painted face '' look .
 I have been using this foundation for years and I love it . It has pretty good staying power , which is the biggest problem with mineral makeups to me , but I just spray my face with a light mist of water after applying and that seems to set it pretty well . Ten hours later when I get home from work it 's usually just starting to fade a bit , which is pretty good in my book . I love how natural it looks and how it magically erases the occasional blemish or red blotch on my face . Never have I had a liquid concealer work nearly as well as this stuff ! It evens out my complexion while somehow still magically showing the freckles on my face , which I like , although I have tested before and it is possible to completely erase my freckles by using a firmer foundation brush to smooth it on a bit heavier . My only real quibble with it is that it is a bit too glow-y for me . It leaves me a bit shinier than I prefer to look , and the shine tends to highlight the fine lines on my eyelids . I have been countering this by mixing my Bare Escentuals with Monave mineral foundation , which is too matte for me , at a ratio of about 3:1 . Just a hint of glow , no greasy look , no loss of staying power . Good stuff . I hope they stay in business forever because I 'm spoiled as far as foundations go .
 This is the best makeup that I have ever used . I now use my regular liquid/cream makeup to touch up really bad , bad spots on my face and this makeup to cover all the rest . It is absolutely natural looking , I love it and and I have had a lot of compliments since I started using this makeup !
 The only makeup I use - it 's the best ! Item came earlier than expected . Two thumbs up
 I used BE 's original formula for it 's bare mineral foundation , so I decided to give this a try . Before I had problems finding a good match of foundation for my skin tone but since they came out with more colors , I finally found something that matched -LRB- golden tan -RRB- ! This one comes with a cool plastic top that you twist to open -LRB- to dispense the product -RRB- or close , which can prevent some nasty spills . The coverage is still the same , you can always build it up to get your desired coverage you want . It does well , on it 's own , covering/softening my acne scars that I have on my face . It does n't irritate my skin or cause break outs like a lot of the foundations I have tried in the past , however since I do have very oily skin I notice I have to blot/do touch ups . I highly suggest wearing a primer underneath this if you do have oily skin . It 's a very long lasting foundation , which is great since I 'm usually on campus for a long time.Overall , it 's a nice foundation that I would recommend using .
 This is by far the best make up in the world . I started using Bare Escentuals severals years ago and will never use anything else .
 I love this stuff . I am one of those women who could never find a liquid foundation that properly matched my skin tone . This foundation blends in perfectly . Its so flexible it works well in the winter when I am paler and in the summer when I have a tan . I 've been using this for over two years now and I think the price is well worth the result .
 Really love this product . I 've used it for a long time , and ordering it through this site is cheaper . It 's always worked really well for me .
 I 've always used bare minerals fairly medium in the original but decided to give the matte a try . The color match is exactly the same . I like how the matte gives an almost airbrush finish where as the original is more brighter so to say . I alternate depending on my mood . One major difference I 've noticed is that the matte seems to make my face feel a bit more oily than the original which is strange since other reviewers said it controlled oil . It 's nothing a little mineral veil ca n't fix though .
 Product is wonderful and has amazing coverage , very light on the face , and you only need a little to cover your entire face flawlessly . Product shipped out fast .
 I recieved the merchandise very quickly and liked the personal note included with invoice.I intend to order againI am thinking very soon
 I have been using this product for the past 3 years . It covers the flaw I have on my face , and does n't clog up my pores . Definitely recommend it !
 I really love this makeup ! It goes on smooth and stays on for hours . My skin is more oily so every four hours or so I need a touch up , but other than that it 's great ! It is a little expensive , but it works better than any other foundation I 've used from drugstores . I bought 6 of these for a year long mission trip I 'm going on and I am very happy with the amount of money I saved buying it on Amazon than Ulta or their website . Plus it arrived very fast !
 This is the second time that I bought this product . I love the over all product however , I ordered the same color I did the time before and it was a lot lighter . If it had not been the middle of the summer I may have really loved this color . As far as the product goes I never thought anyone could get me away from foundation . Now I ca n't remember the last time I used it . The coverage with this powerder is amamzing !
 I was not sure that I would like this , but I have been very pleasantly surprised . Once I got the hang of applying it without dumping half the product onto the countertop , I was very pleased with how it looks and even more delighted with the way my skin looked after a week or so of using it . I have struggled with random breakouts since I was a teenager and since I have started using this makeup , my skin has been consistently clear ! I would highly recommend this product .
 Bare Minerals Matte is so much better then the normal ones . It gives you flawless , perfect skin without you looking shiny or oily . Even tho i do have a nice skin as is , I just have re areas that i wish to cover , so with this foundation combined with the anti-oil primer , it was perfect for me . Anyhow i do not recommend this product if you have uneven skin , wrinkles , scars or blemishes , then it will NOT give you an good result , that is my opinion . I do have friends and family that uses this foundation for uneven skin and they are happy with it , so maybe you will just have to try and see if it will help for you .
 I ran out a few weeks ago and decided to frequent my local beauty retailer and purchased a sub-par `` mineral '' cover up . Needless to say , I should have just stuck with what I know works ! BareMinerals is spectacular , provides phenomenal coverage , and lasts nearly all day . I would recommend going in to a local store to find the tone that works for your skin before ordering online . Once you have that figured out , order away = -RRB- This product does not cause my skin to break out at all and like they say , you can fall asleep without washing your face and not wake up with a big zit ! Another up side is that you can adjust the amount of coverage .
 I love bare minerals products . The foundation covers and evens out skin tone , even though it 's a powder . It is long lasting and gives the skin a natural appearance . Definitley a good buy : -RRB-
 Bare Minerals is great to use because even a make-up challenged person like myself can apply this evenly . It has great coverage for blemishes and skin imperfections . It has a natural feel and is very light on the skin .
 Great product - have used it for two years now - makes skin look smooth and even .
 This is my third time around ordering products from Bare Minerals and I have to say that find that they really do work as advertised . The powders go on smooth and leave a flawless finish and are easy to apply . If your on the go , these products are a time saver ! The ONLY negative issue I find with using mineral makeup is that it tends to dry my skin . I have to double-up on moisturizers and try to keep a healthy skin routine . I also had to use Retin-A for some complexion issues and Bare Minerals left my skin very dry when combined with my prescription cream -LRB- s -RRB- . The powders can also be very messy if you accidentally tip them over or spill them . Other than that I 'm a believer !
 I have been using the regular BE for over 4 years now . I love that product , but I have really oily skin and it just seemed to be accentuated at times by the makeup . I recently bought the matte foundation and have been using it for a few days now . The oil reduction is noticeable and the makeup looks great . Do n't expect it solve all of your skin problems - ie . large pores . Also , be aware that the makeup is a little heavier that the original BE foundation . Overall , however , I will take heavier over oilier ! Will definitely purchase again !
 This product is amazing ! I have tried other mineral make-up , but have always come back to Bare Escentuals . They are lighter and go on much smoother than others and never look grainy or gritty on my skin !!
 I have been considering trying Bare Minerals for over a year . When I recently ran out of my liquid makeup , I decided to give Bare Minerals a try . It is an amazing product ! Not only does it cover extremely well without looking like makeup , it stays on all day long . I decided to use it combined with my undereye stick makeup and powder blush . They worked fine together , however , I think I may go ahead and try some of the other Bare Minerals products since I am now a true believer ! Give it a try !
 I have used this product for several years now and love it . It is excellent for sensitive skin . When I run out and have to use inexpensive , national brand liquid my face burns and skin becomes red , irritated , oily , and blemishes start appearing . Then I go back to using bare minerals foundation and my skin calms down . It hardly feels like I 'm wearing any makeup at all . This is important if you live in a humid area during hot summer months . It feels light , matches my skin well , lasts approx . 5-6 months -LRB- per 9g jar -RRB- and covers fairly well . If you like heavier coverage -LRB- like I do -RRB- just buff a bit more on . This is an excellent product and I do n't plan on going back to liquid or any cheaper brand of powder foundation again .
 I bought the starter pack of the regular Bare Escentuals , which I liked , but the finish was a little too sparkly or shiny for me . I like the matte look of this powder . I can go to the gym after work , and it does n't run off my face like regular makeup . The only thing I do n't really like is the way Amazon or Sephora displays the colors . I would have bought the lighter shade , but it looked like ` Fairly Light ' was correct . Just a tiny bit too dark , but it 's very blendable .
 Great product ! The same as Ulta sales . Goes on flawlessly . Makes skin look perfect . Ca n't even tell wearing make-up .
 This stuff really is the best foudation ever . The commercials do n't lie , its truly like a magic eraser , I have slept in this stuff , and my face does n't break out or anything , its the best foundation i 've ever used and i will never go back to that paste like cream stuff again !! I 've used one other brand of mineral foundation , you know the `` knock off '' stuff , and it just does n't hold up to the original . And the best thing about buying it on amazon is that its affordable ! : -RRB-
 I love this make up however would not order from this vendor - some Japanese name . I ordered 2 and they only sent one , then would n't answer my email . Had to go through Amazon to resolve .
 MY sister is using this product for 2 years and she 's really satisfied with it ...
 This is the perfect makeup for people with sensitive skin . I have tried other mineral makeup products . This is the best . A little goes a long way . It is worth every penny
 I started to use this product for about 2 years ago . And since then my skin has change into the better . It does n`t make the skin dry and look natural.I have recommended the product to several friends which also is very satisfied !! Do not buy the ID brush - there are softer and better alternatives !
 I love their foundation . And what 's interesting is that when I first ordered it a few years ago , the form asked re
 This makeup helps me to look younger and fresher and I do not look ALL MADE UP ! GREAT STUFF I 'd give it 10 stars !
 I 've been using this product for about 6 years . I am over 60 years old and get compliments all the time on my beautiful complextion . Without the makeup I have red areas , sun damage spots and broken capillaries plus I have sensitive skin . When I apply Bare Escentuals foundation all the blemishes disapper without me looking like I have any makeup on at all . My skin looks amazing . The product lasts a long time and is well worth the money . I use only Bare Escentuals makeup , blush , eye shadows , mineral veil etc. and love everyone of them .
 I 'm SOOO glad I found Bare Minerals !!!!! I could n't be happier . Medium beige matches my skin perfectly and the best part is that it looks natural yet stay on all day ! I 've always had a problem finding the right foundation color/brand/type . I have combination skin so it was difficult finding something that did n't dry out my skin but keep the oil minimized . I also had a problem with my foundations oxidizing on my face an hour or so after putting it on , so I 'd end up looking orange-y . Not with this . I love it . You really do have to swirl and buff in circles on your face or else the powder will end up looking uneven but it 's a technique that I 'm getting used to . Thanks Bare Minerals ! You 've made me a happy customer .
 I love the natural look plus the coverage it gives . I prefer matte because it minimizes shine even after you wear it all day long .
 Only way to go if you have oily skin . I use to use the regular foundation and my face looked liked I put olive oil on it by afternoon . The matte is 100 % better . Goes on great . Stays on in the hot Florida weather . I recommend this over the regular foundation except if you have dry skin .
 This is THE most amazing make-up ever . I have pale , blotchy skin and this foundation hides and corrects all of that . It 's super light on my face and I usually forget I 'm even wearing make-up . I would recommend this item to ANYONE . It 's totally worth the price .
 Everything went well with my order . Rec ` ved what I ordered in a timely fashion . Would order from this supplier again !
 Works great and for someone who travels a lot , it ca n't be broken . Used the regular foundation before and switched to the matte , I ca n't tell that much of a difference . I love this foundation .
 I have been using this mineral makeup for YEARS now . I have tried a few others and NONE compare . I found one that would be my second favorite as a back up , but no names here since it is not an ad for that product.I suggest ALL women should be using this makeup . It gives your skin a natural look to it like you are not even wearing any makeup and covers ALL blemishes and redness for an even skin tone appearance . You never look like cake face from it . Even though it is a powder makeup , it covers just as good -LRB- if not better than -RRB- a liquid base makeup .
 This makeup is GREAT , been using it for yrs ... For all of you who are wondering what the size of this product is , -LRB- as I was too but decided to take a risk n order -RRB- this is the full size jar -LRB- 6g/0 .21 oz -RRB- . . so the price is excellent !!
 learning how to use this product - a little goes a long way . Coverage is beautiful - I went for a run today and product stayed put , even when I returned home .
 After not wearing makeup for several years a friend put this on my face and wow , I looked much younger . I then went swimming in the ocean and came back home to find that the minerals were still on my face.For the next several weeks friends would tell me that I looked great and ask what I did.Great product ! Thank you , Jamie
 I am not a person who likes to put on makeup and I especially never wore foundation because I hated the way it felt on my face . But after trying this makeup , I realized that I was using the wrong makeup the whole time and that is why I didnt like putting it on ! This stuff is amazing !!! It is lightweight and leaves my face flawless . I could not ask for a better product ! It blends in nicely too .
 I ordered the matte and got the original , which was obviously the sellers fault , but this stuff is a great product . I have oily skin which is why I ordered the matte in the first place , but the original formula did a pretty good job too . It covers amazingly well , I wear it all day without breaking out and it layers really nicely so you can go casual or dressy . This stuff is amazing . -LRB- If your oily , get the matte -RRB-
 Love this product - just needed a refill and the company fulfillment was great and punctual . Would definately order again .
 Thumbs up . They want me to write more words so here are some more words for this review lalalalalla lallala
 I absolutely love this foundation . I used the original foundation , but I 'm so happy they came out with a matte finish version . And the click lock sifter is fantastic . No more spilling your -LRB- expensive -RRB- mineral makeup all over the vanity or bathroom counter every time you open it . This makeup provides excellent coverage , without the heavy feel or look of makeup . My skin is pretty sensitive and oily , and it actually keeps my skin dryer and clearer . Perfection at last !
 This is the best mineral make-up hands down , it 's perfect for oily skin and it feels amazing . There is no weird smell and it stays on about 6 - 8 hours . Looks natural and gives decent coverage at the same time . It 's the only make-up I wear even when I have a acne break out , but that 's because it actually has shrunk my pores and helped my acne . Great product !
 This is my absolute favorite foundation ! It has a great matte finish and looks great almost all day with minimal touch-ups required !
 I will most likely never use any other makeup product ! As usual , a flawless application and my skin has never looked better !
 This foundation is great ! The color fits me perfectly in the summer , but it is a bit yellow in the winter . I dropped it on my tile floor on the first day I had it and the container broke , so be careful . All in all , I love it !
 I will never use any other type of make-up now besides bare minerals ! The Matte Foundation is now a mainstay in my make-up collection !
 I LOVE THIS FOUNDATION SO MUCH I ORDER ANOTHER ONE , PLUS THE PRICE IS GREAT ! WISH IT CAME IN A BIGGER TUBE ...
 I am in love with this product ! I have always hated using foundation , but powders never had the coverage I needed . The first time I tried Bare Escentuals Bare Minerals , it looked terrible . But after a little practice , it is by far , the best foundation I have ever used . I have very blotchy skin , with dark red patches and acne scars . This product gives me the flawless skin nature did n't ! I have tried several of the competitor 's products that claim to be mineral foundation , but none of them worked as well as the Bare Escentuals . In fact , none of them worked at all for me!Be sure to follow the Swirl , Tap , Buff instructions , or it will not work right ! I have also learned that using lotions of any kind before this product , will cause clumping in that area . I use Mineral Veil before the foundation when I have recently used lotion , or need extra coverage.EDITED 6 months later - December 30 , 2009I have since stopped using this product , but still stand behind this review . I have battled cystic acne and acne vulgaris for 20 years or more -LRB- NOT caused , or even aggravated by this product -RRB- . I have some signifigant scarring as a result of this . As my skin has aged , the scarring has become more noticeable . The Bare Minerals powder worked great to cover the redness of these scars . But since the surface of my face is no longer perfectly smooth due to these scars , the powder actually makes them MORE noticeable . I was very sad to give this product up , and I still think longingly of it while slathering on my goopy foundation.So basically , Bare Minerals is wonderful , and I still highly recommend it . But if you have pits from severe acne scarring , it may not be the product for you .
 I like this product . It is hard to choose between the original Bare Minerals and this Matte , but I think I will stay with the matte for a couple reasons
 My skin has never been so clear ! This makeup stays on all day , even through my work outs . It does not make my face look greasy , it doesnt even feel like im wearing any makeup . I get compliments all of the time about how great my skin looks .
 Bare Minerals is the only makeup my daughter , who is a model , and I can use . Just a little bit covers well and does n't feel like I am wearing anything on my skin . The order arrived in just 3 days and was less expensive than I could buy it for on the Bare Minerals website , so I 'm real happy with my purchase .
 I suggest that if you are going to try bare minerals foundation , or really any product that needs to match your skin tone , you should try it in the store . When I bought my first bare mineral foundaion I went to the bare minerals store in the mall , and they applied the make-up , taught me how to do it , let me test the application , and told me what shade matched my skin tone . I 've only ever used this foundation since ! I was so thankful to be told exactly what type suited my skin because I -LRB- like many others -RRB- can not tell which shade of makeup will match my skin tone . I 'm extremely pale , and have acute rosacia , and I made sure I told the woman doing my makeup that , it covers up my red cheeks with no problem and is my must have in my make up pouch . But PLEASE get it professionally done in store , its free , theres no downside , and then I have no doubt that you will be happy with how it looks , although if ur allergic to ingredients , thats another story : P
 Have always loved Bare Minerals , but sometimes still felt shiny mid morning ... this MATTE finish Bare Minerals is the best ! Will continue to purchase this ... . dont ever discontinue this type please !
 obviously i like the bare minerals product , as I have been using their products for nearly 2 decades . the new lock and go lid is a great idea , and saves the product from spilling it could use some tweaking . I find that over the last year or more -LRB- since implementation of the new lid -RRB- some product is left in the container that you can not get to when using it up . I feel that is a waste of product/money ... That is the only reason i could n't give 5 stars
 I have been using this foundation for 2 years now . My acne-prone skin has greatly improved since I started using this makeup . I love the natural , lightweight feel of the makeup . I also like the level of coverage it provides .
 The Vendor made buying this product quick , easy and simple . I would recommend this vendor to my friends and family . I will gladly use this vendor again .
 I love bare minerals and the matte formula works best for those of us who have oily skin . My favorite foundation !
 Very fast delivery ! I will always order my bare minerals on line ! There even appears to be more in the container ! I am hooked!I usually buy the original but hope to enjoy the Matte !
 This is my first mineral foundation , normally I stick to my Revlon liquid foundation , but I decided to give something lighter a try . I have extremely fair skin , with a lot of red in it , so I bought this foundation just to even out my skin tone without looking like I 'm wearing a lot of makeup . And that it does!It 's just not a whole lot of coverage , I typically have to apply concealer to any imperfections over the powder . If you do too many layers , it starts to look cake-y , and nobody wants that . So typically , it 's good for good-skin days , but on not-so-good-skin-days , I stick with more of a fuller-coverage foundation .
 I 've been purchasing bare minerals from Amazon for a while now because the price is so much better . I 've never been disappointed . Package arrives in &#34; new &#34; perfect condition and always on time . I would recommend anyone using this product to purchase from Amazon .
 Great product . Covers nicely and it 's quick to apply . I use several BareMineral products and love them all.I will use this forever
 I am really impressed with this product . I have used it for years and usually pay $ 30 per jar of foundation at the local beauty supply store . I ordered only one since I was n't sure about the vendor but now in the future I feel like I can confidently order two or more jars and know that they are going to promptly and accurately deliver what I order in good condition . I am very happy with this product and so glad that I found it on amazon.com
 This is wonderful makeup . So silky and the coverage is so perfect!I am definitely hooked for life !
 I love this foundation . It goes on so very smooth and feels weightless . Stays on even in the hottest weather and has a natural sunscreen too . I have very sensitive skin and have found this foundation does not cause any irritation at all.The color is a good match to most medium skin tones . This evens up my skin tone and took away some redness too . Application is easy but make sure you have a soft big brush to apply and a smaller brush for trouble areas and underneath the eyes .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND I GOT IT MUCH CHEAPER THAN WHERE I USUALLY BUY IT . WAS DELIVERED ON TIME . THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT .
 Bare Escentuals foundation is the best I 've ever found . It lasts all day , protects my face from the sun , looks entirely natural and helps keep my skin smooth and healthy . I ca n't praise it enough .
 This has become my favorite foundation . I only use bareMinerals , but I like how easy the product is to use when I 'm in a hurry . This is my favorite make up company overall .
 misunderstanding about size on both sides , but I was never credited for having to return a product . Products fine .
 Cheaper and bigger then jcpenney ... the makeup is perfect , covers imperfections ... and the suggestions will keep me coming back for more
 Just had to restock , but I love this makeup I bought this in Feb. and I still have 75 % left ! so worth the money
 I was so happy to find my favorite make-up on Amazon at a great price and hoped it would be just the same as what I spend all that money on at the mall ... it is !! Thanks so much !
 Bare Minerals is a great product . I have tried other products but they just are n't as good as bare minerals . I found ordering from Amzon easier then the bare minerals site and the product got here really fast . I was really pleased and will order Bare Minerals again .
 I will never use any other foundation as long as Bare Minerals is around , and it always helps when I can get it cheaper online rather than paying full price in the stores . This product is great and it shipped within 7 days . It usually lasts me 3-4 months .
 Have ordered Bare Minerals foundation many times from other sellers and paid more for a smaller size , so I am very happy with the seller for one thing , and for another , I love Bare Minerals . Since I 've begun using this brand , I 've had no problems with clogged pores or break-outs . It covers imperfections beautifully , especially those dreaded dark circles . I highly recommend trying this brand .
 Item was delivered in 3 days ! Exactly what I wanted . I 've been a Bare Minerals customer for 4 years , and will not use anything else . Sold on first use !
 I love bareminerals . There is no other product like it . I have sensitive acne prone skin and this is the first makeup I have found that does n't irritate my skin . Looks natural and provides great coverage . However it fors need to reapplied during the day . I would reccomend this product to anyone . Price comparison to sephora is equal .
 I had ordered this product from another website -LRB- that has a channel on tv -RRB- but it was some how lost in transit . So I demanded a refund and ordered the product from amazon . It arrived so quickly !!
 Although I only use the back sidde -LRB- black -RRB- , this is far the best nail file I have ever used - wo n't chip your nails , wo n't leave color residue .
 This was fairly easy to use . It made my nails smoother and seemed to help the nail polish last longer . I ca n't compare it to another brand since this is my first time using this kind of product . Overall , a good value for the money if you have the time to use it !!
 I like this product , but the name is a little deceiving . It 's more like a '' `` file '' '' instead of a buffing product . It works great for shaping nails , but it leaves scratches on the surface of your nail if you try to use it to '' `` buff '' '' your nails . Although it was n't quite what I was expecting to get , it 's a good product .
 Great product . I have artificial nails and ca n't always get to the nail salon on a regular basis . This buffing block helped me get through the in-between period . I was able to buff my nails to a really smooth finish and then polish them and they looked as great as they do when I walk out of the nail salon . The size of the block is perfect too . I 'd highly recommend this to anyone .
 Nice little buffing block . It would be better if it had different sides with different buffing grades . Overall , it 's really nice and it 's easy to use .
 I loved this buffing block ! I polish my nails all the time , so they become quite yellowed . This block very quickly and easily removed the yellowing and smoothed my nails . Great size and shape . Definitely worth the very low price !!!
 Overall I 'd say the Orly Buffing Block is a great find . I rarely wear nail polish but I do like a clear polish coat . During the time I have been using the buffing block I 've noticed an extra shine almost like a silky sheen on my nails before I even apply my clear coat . Especially for the price , I feel this is a very good product .
 The Orly Buffing Block works extremely well . I have several nails that tend to split easily and this block has helped quite a bit to keep them from tearing and splitting . I 'd recommend it highly . I 've tried several different kinds and I particularly like that this one has two different grits to it .
 The Orly Nail Buffing Block was a pretty good product ! I liked that it had two different grains for fine and medium buffing needs , and that it was flexible and soft . The corners got into the small spots of my nails and buffed them nicely . The price was great too . How can you go wrong ?
 It 's great ! My nails have ridges and the buffing block made them smooth . It also helps my nail polish stay on longer . I gave it to my mom to try , and she loved it too . I do n't think I 'll be getting it back from her . I 'd highly recommend this buffer !
 When I received this product , my nails were in need of some attention due to extra work I 'd done around my new home . I found the buffer very easy to use , and the block shape makes it easy to hold . It worked very well at smoothing ridges and spots on my nails . Since I wear only clear polish , it 's very important to have a clean nail to start with . I was very pleased with the results and would definitely recommend this product to others .
 I liked the product very much . It really smoothes your nails . I used it before I applied tips and I usually have to apply new tips after two weeks . I 'm on the 14th day and they 're still going strong . The buffer really got all my nails ' rough spots and the glue stuck better . I strongly recommend this product .
 I love this product . The Orly Salon Nails Buffing Block smoothes the ridges on my nails , which allows my nail polish to stay on longer . It 's great for pedicures too ! I 'd recommend this product to all my friends !
 I was n't sure what to do with the nail buffer , or why I needed one , until I read a magazine article . The article was about manicures and stated that nails should be buffed before applying polish . Since I have problems with polish chipping , I was eager to try this . I did see a difference ! The polish lasted longer and went on more smoothly . The buffer 's shape makes it easy to hold and use . I have n't used other buffers so I do n't know how it compares to similar products . But I 'd recommend it to anyone who has the same problem I have .
 The Orly Nail Buffer is a lightweight , easy-to-use product for effectively removing ridges from fingernails . The shape and size make it a little awkward to carry in a purse . A special carrying case or cover would be practical . Overall , the product does what it 's supposed to at an affordable price . I 'd recommend this product to others .
 The buffing block works very well . It 's easy to hold , and my nails are quite smooth after using it . I 'd recommend it to others . I find it easier to use than other buffing products I 've tried .
 I first received this fragrance as a gift from friends who went to Vegas years ago and still , I just love it . I 've always been partial to fragrances that are light , citrusy , and are the aromatic equivalent of happy . It is the kind of scent that once it is sprayed onto the skin , it transforms into something far more complex than what is in the bottle . If you smell a spritz of it just by itself , it has a nice , very innocent scent that seems to be more fitting a young adult , but it seems to `` grow up '' once it is combined with human chemistry . It 's really difficult to capture the essence of a fragrance in mere words but I 'll try . Caesar 's Woman starts out flowery -LRB- floral ? -RRB- , but not in the cheap diluted way like a girl 's perfume , or the sticky-sweet overbearing way of `` Grandma '' perfume , or have that intense , dark kinda spicy scent that is beyond overwhelming . It 's light , not intrusive , but not a wallflower either . It 's pleasant and approachable . A nice lift of something fruity closely follows the flowery
 I originally purchased this perfume at Caesar 's Palace in Las Vegas . I immediately fell in love with the smell . But when I ran out , and I could n't immediately travel to Las Vegas , I turned to Amazon to pick up my favorite perfume . I must say , I was pleased with the price and the product itself . Wonderful !
 I receive so many complements when I am wearing the Ceasars woman perfume . It lasts all day . I Wish it was easier to get tho . Thanks , . .
 Christmas Present for my Wife - she has used this product for years - Loves the fragrance . Used to buy it in Mexico .
 I have always loved this fragrance but due to circumstances have not bought any in years . I am so happy yo have found it again at such a reasonable price and the fragrance is amazing on Sunday mornings . Lots of compliments
 I 've used this cologne for many years and just ca n't find anything I like as well . I get a lot of comments on this scent and it lasts until you wash it off ! I put it on in the morning and do n't have to worry about refreshing it anytime of the day or evening .
 I was very happy with this product . I bought it for a friend and she was thrilled .
 I 'm a single man , who for 20 years , has found some women in his life to gift with with this fragrance just to enjoy it occasionally
 `` ANTIDOTE '' COLOGNE IS ONE OF THE MOST SATISFYING AFTER SHAVE PRODUCTS I HAVE EVERY USED AND I 'VE USED PLENTY OF THEM OVER THE YEARS . IT IS SMOOTH , SUBTLE AND I GET COMPLIMENTS ALMOST EVERYTIME I USE IT . IT IS ONLY ONE OF THREE THAT I REALLY ENJOY AND DO N'T GET TIRED OF . THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE WITH IT , IS THAT IT 'S SO HARD TO FIND . THAT 'S WHY I BUY 2 BOTTLES AT A TIME . AL TORAL DEERFIELD.IL
 I was annoyingly short $ 3.00 for Amazon Free Shipping . So I added this item to my shopping cart.The product itself was okay . Although there were several sheets , the sheets were extremely thin and did not work that great . They are the same paper consistency of the toilet seat covers you use in public restrooms.I liked the ones from Bath and Body Works better . This item did remove oil , but it took three or four sheets for it to do the job whereas I only needed one or two from Bath and Body Works.Overall , it was a good filler for my shopping cart . I did n't like the item too much because of the quantity I had to use ... but it did work .
 So I ordered this parfime and Receved it within 2 weeks -LRB- I ordered it in Latvia and it was shipped to me from USA -RRB- and some couple days . Parfime was very good packed-so it was impossible to brake sth :-RRB- and yes-the aromat of these parfime is simply fantastic . So the quality is great and I recommend you-if you still ca n't choose your parfime-take this-and you will not regret it : -RRB- P.S. Sorry for my english :-RRB- -RRB-
 Ibiza Hippie production was shut down to make room for newer products . I was told by my ex-wife , that `` it 's no longer available in stores '' , I searched Amazon and was pleased to find a limited supply . The aroma reminds me of hot cotton candy while not being the least sweet or flowery . And yes , I still love my ex , and her `` Ibiza hippie '' scent.Escada got this one wrong . If you have previously used it , and ca n't find any in store , I recommend using this seller .
 This is by far my ABSOLUTE 100 % favorite perfume ! I love it ! I only wish it was easier to find ! It is well worth every penny !
 I bought this several years ago when originally released and just used it up . I had to buy more since it smells so good .
 I 'm so sad that this scent has been discontinued . I love this scent and wear it as my everyday scent ... it 's nice , floral and sweet , but not at all overpowering . In my opinion , it 's the perfect perfume !
 One of my favorite scents and always so hard to find , I was ecstatic to find it on amazon . It is a little pricey for an escada fragrance but I believe it is discontinued , or at least extremely rare . Its very youthful and fruity with light florals as well . I would say if you enjoy `` ralph '' by ralph lauren you will love this fragrance .
 My husband bought this for me while Stationed in Spain when we were just dating and I fell in love with the scent . . I like the fresh smell , it last all day long . It 's very soft but bold . I plan on buying me some more because of course I ran out !! HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 The touch of silk . It feels so luxurious , almost caressing your skin . The same can be said of Alison Raffaele 's Kabuki Powder Brush . It 's made of 100 % premium goat hair , soft as down yet totally effective.The four inch brush is slightly rounded so that you can pick up just a touch of powder or by sweeping the entire brush head one can pick up a generous amount -LRB- I use this method for decolletage -RRB- . I 've quite happily used this brush with both loose and compact powder . And , what a boon not to have a long handle that wibbles and wobbles to make application uneven.Silk not only looks pretty but it makes you feel pretty - so does this Kabuki Brush . - Gail Cooke
 Quite familiar with product . It is of the quality and price expected .
 I have used this Covermark product for years and strongly recommend it if it fits your needs . It is great as an undereye camouflage and makeup complement . Product was available in stock for quick delivery .
 I bought these gloves as part of a gift for my mother , who has very dry hands . The price was unbelievably low so I was concerned that the quality might not be great . But to my pleasant surprise , the gloves were shipped quickly and were quite nice , definitely worth giving as a gift . I got the size small and they were very small -- they fit , but snugly , which is perhaps how they should fit in order to provide the best moisturizing results . I ca n't say how they compare to other gloves , but just based on my purchase as a gift-giver , I am a satisfied customer !
 i am 44 years old and have suffered with severe breakouts for all of my adult life . i have tried everything from proactive to expensive prescription meds and very fancy dermatological treatments and peels . i do n't see my dermatologist anymore , though he was sweet . perhaps if he were cuter ... i digress . my skin was becoming worse with pustule breakouts all along my nose and chin . i felt embarrassed to leave the house since i did n't want anyone to see me . i tried the acne free severe treatment and i started to see results within a few days . in two weeks my skin had cleared and within a month was cleared completely . my skin is not sensitive so i did n't experience any burning or itching . i think that the negative reviews on this product are from people with overly sensitive skin . there 's nothing that works for everyone , but it 's great for me . i 've been using it for over five months and while i 'll get an occasional pimple it 's completely manageable . all the other things i 've used worked initially but stopped working after only two or three months . the last skincare regimen i used cost over $ 1100 . it worked a full four months before losing its potency . i 'm going to try switching over to the regular acne free kit for maintenance to be sure my skin does n't somehow get `` used '' to the acne free severe . try this , i hope it works out for you .
 I used this product after using Proactiv for a year and trying other products . Proactiv seemed to allow horrible breakouts to occur , but clear them up sort of quickly . I happened to be looking for Proactiv at Walgreens when I stumbled upon this and decided to give it a try . It made my skin very dry in the beginning , but after the purchase of a non-oil based moisturizer , it works much better than Proactiv has ever done . I receive compliments about how clear my skin is frequently now . So , if you 're going to do it , purchase a nice moisturizer and give it a week or two , following the steps carefully . You 'll be satisfied .
 I have tried it all and this is the only product that has worked for me . I came across Acnefree while traveling through the U.S. last November and I have to say it is the best investment I ever made for my skin.I normally do n't have the patience for a beauty regime that involves more than a couple of products so when I saw 4 items in the package I was skepticle whether I would stick to following the routine . It really is very simple to use and does n't take more than a few minutes to apply after the skin has been cleansed.I would say within a couple of days after commencing use of the products my breakouts were reduced to almost nil and shortly thereafter the problem was completely cleared . My skin is still somewhat oily by the end of the day but my pores no longer get blocked.Thank you University Medical for making a product that actually delivers on its promise , is very reasonably priced and has given me the beautiful complexion I have tried for years to attain .
 I 'm now 22 years old , and I 've been struggling with acne for most of my life . I 've tried everything from Proactive , to prescription pills , topical medicine from dermatologists , and most recently , MaxClarity . I would n't say that I have extremely severe acne , however I am constantly plagued with cystic acne , whiteheads , or just ugly clusters of pimples . My acne usually forms around my mouth , chin and sometimes my cheeks and will typically take weeks to heal . When I break out , my self esteem is pretty much non-existent and I hate going out because I think the only thing people see is my acne !!! Most recently I found temporary success using MaxClarity . MaxClarity made my skin soft , and at some points I was completely pimple-free , it was amazing ! However , my clear face was short-lived , and I 'd have a horrible acne flare-up that would take weeks to heal . In addition , I would always break out regardless during that time of the month . I was able to put up with the roller-coaster success of MaxClarity because sometimes I would have perfect skin that would boost my confidence ... however , in the past couple of weeks my acne has been the worst it 's EVER BEEN !!! I began to question whether my skin could no longer be helped by MaxClarity . I became desperate for another skin regimen . I 've read though probably hundreds of amazon reviews for various acne products trying to find something that might work . That is when I stumbled on Acnefree Severe . I read all of the amazon reviews for this product and decided it was the most feasible to get in a short amount of time to start treating my horrible acne ASAP , plus it had the most positive reviews of any acne product . Now , I 'm nearing the end of the first week of using Acnefree Severe . I have to say , so far , it seems awesome !!! Within the first 2 days , I could see that it was starting to dry out my pre-existing acne . Within 4 days , the acne inflamation was almost 90 % decreased !!!! My face is looking clearer already . I 've been following the instructions dilligently , and just today purchased the spot acne treatment and sulfur mask to see if that will speed up results . Ultimately , I can say that for only 5 days of use , I 'm already seeing results !!! I 'm hoping that within 2 weeks my skin will be completely clear -LRB- seeing as how my progress is now -RRB- . While I am still forming a few pimples -LRB- although less red , not cystic , and not as obvious -RRB- , I assume that this is just a result of Acnefree purging my face of any soon-to-form acne . My face is feeling soft , my acne is less red and inflamed and easy to cover up with make-up . I 've rarely seen a product produce noticeable results in such a short amount of time after using it . Ultimately , I would suggest this product to anybody that can have fairly severe breakouts , but breakouts that have been temporarily manageable in the past . The chemical strength of Acnefree is probably NOT ideal for somebody with the occasional pimple or hormonal flare-up . I 'm really hoping that this product works in the long run ! I will make sure to write another review in a couple weeks to document the affectiveness of this product . As someone who has been struggling with acne for years and wondering why I 'm not the lucky girl that has pimple free skin with no effort , I hope this product works !!! It has now been about 4 weeks since I started using Acnefree Severe . For the record , my skin looks amazing !!!! My previous breakouts are completely cleared up at this point , and any acne marks are noticeably faded/continuing to fade . For anyone beginning to use this product , GIVE IT TIME . Even if your skin is n't responding to the product as quickly as others , it seems as if AcneFree takes time -LRB- although honestly not that much compared to other products -RRB- to fully clear skin . One absolute recommendation when using this product is to use a VERY GOOD moisturizer day and night . The strength of the chemicals will likely dry out and irritate most peoples ' skin , so a oil-free , strong moisturizer will help combat that dryness . In addition , after a couple weeks of use I noticed that the Step 4 retinoid cream was n't doing much for my skin , in fact it seemed to make my forehead break out a little . I changed the routine so I use Steps 1 & 2 at night , and then apply the acne spot treatment -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to any acne . This allows me to skip the 10 minute waiting time after application of Step 2 , and it seems to be helping my skin along even more . However , this may not work for everybody , so I would recommend experimenting with this step if you find Step 4 is n't useful . As someone who has been struggling with acne for so long , I could n't be happier with the results AcneFree Severe has given me . At this point , I would STILL recommend AcneFree to anyone similarly struggling with acne and self-esteem . I hope this product works for you too !! 3/6/12It has now been almost 3 months since I started using this product . Let me just say , that as someone who has struggled with acne for SO LONG and have broken down crying because of the horrible acne on my face , I can say now that my face is the best it has ever looked ! I still use steps 1,2 & 3 in the morning , 1 & 2 at night with the Acne Spot Treatment . So far , my skin has been almost 100 % clear , with only a few pimples arising now and then . I find that using the acne spot treatment at night instead of step 4 clears up any stray pimples extremely quickly -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- . I would still absolutely suggest using a good moisturizer morning and night to combat the dryness of the benzyl peroxide . When I had horrible acne before , I 'd have to constantly run to the mirror to cover up my spots with concealer , in addition to wearing lots of foundation . Now , my skin looks amazing with just a thin layer of light foundation and a little bit of concealer to cover up fading acne marks , plus it looks good ALL DAY . I am no longer self conscious and can be more myself without worrying about how people see me . If you are struggling with frequent breakouts that do n't seem to be clearing up , I would HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS PRODUCT . It is absolutely amazing , I ca n't even say enough about it . The key to any acne product is that it works in the long term , and so far it seems to be doing just that . Please please please give this product a try because I have a feeling it will help you just as much as it helped me : -RRB-
 I have been having problems with acne , mostly my cheeks and chin area , after stopping birth control age 28 . I was miserable and embarrassed by my face . I am soooo happy that I bough Acnefree Severe . In just 3 days my face it 80 % completely clear.I was scared from some of the reviews about it being really harsh on skin , peeling , burning etc. . If you just take it kind of slow at the beginning and use only the minimal amount each time then you should be fine.The first day I only used 1,2,3 day and night to get my face introduced to it . The the second night I used 1,2,4 -LRB- do not use 3 and 4 together -RRB- . Also , be sure to apply sparingly . A little bit goes a long way . Dab a small amount and use one or two fingers to massage it . I think if you oversaturate your face with this stuff you can actually cause damage and/or experience a worsening effect before it gets better.In the beginning if you do get irritated red spots just use 1 and 2 on that area until it settles back down before you start putting 3 or 4 in that area again.The scars/blotches on my face are disappearing.My husband noticed my face looked better in just one day.Love it !!
 I 've only been using this product for 8 days . Some people may say it 's too soon to review ; however , `` some people '' do not have acne as bad as I DID . I 've got that - `` made an appt . with a dermatologist , but he was too busy to see me so I had to see the physician assistant instead ; when I got to the office , she took one look at my face and said '' `` oh my God , I 've got to get the doctor for this '' '' - kind of skin . I have cystic acne combined with REALLY sensitive skin . I ca n't even spray perfumes on certain parts of my body without it breaking out really , really bad . Complete strangers walk up to me and ask me what am I using on my skin . How embarrassing is that ? I wake up EVERY morning with whiteheads and/or blackheads on my face . My chest and back look like my face x20 . Antibiotics , Proactive , and Murad only made the situation worse . I stopped eating fatty foods and I lost weight , but the acne continue to get worse the older I get . I drank only water for months at a time , but that did no good . Finally , hundreds of dollars later , I decided to give this product a try . This is the best my skin has looked in over 15 years . I was a skeptic , but trust me , this works .
 I 've had severe acne problems since HS and I could never get rid of it even into adulthood . I did use Accutane , but stopped because I was not fond of the side effects . This product has been great ! After a week of using the product , I noticed a HUGE difference in my skin . After a few weeks following the directions , my acne cleared . My friends and family commented on how quickly my acne went away . Since I do not want to strip my skin , I now use the product once every other day as part of my regimen .
 I never leave reviews but given how much I rely on reviews , I figured it was about time I started contributing!I had fairly heavy acne growing up , especially in my t-zone , which came under control when I began birth control pills when I turned 18 . For the past 10 years , I have been fortunate enough to not have difficulties with acne except for the occasional zit . However , a few months ago I stopped taking birth control and I was dismayed to see that the acne had returned , albeit not as bad as when I was a teenager , and had moved more to my jawline/cheeks . I began washing religiously and using toner but it did n't seem to make a difference - as soon as one would go away , two more would pop up . At 28 , I felt that I was TOO OLD to be having these problems ! But there they were.I tried ProActiv for a month and was pretty pleased with the results . It cleared the majority of my acne and the big cystic ones stopped coming . However , I was still regularly getting very small zits which would typically clear within a few days . All in all , I was pleased and figured I could deal with the occasional small zit that could be covered relatively easily with make up . After about 3 weeks , I noticed that my supply was getting low and it was time to re-order . I was n't crazy about spending all that money , but was happy with the results so I was ready to do it ... until I read the reviews for Acne Free Severe.I was hesitant to try it . I did n't want to go back to the way my skin was and I figured if I was pleased , why rock the boat ? In the end , I decided if I was going to get a long-term regime , I should at least try the product that was MUCH cheaper than ProActiv and I am SO HAPPHY that I did!Within 3 days of using AcneFree , it cleared the small zits that ProActiv could n't seem to keep under control . I have been using AcneFree day and night for the last 5 weeks and have not had a single new zit . It also seems to be lightening the scars left from previous breakouts . I have not had the problems of the product severely drying out my skin as others have noted . I use steps 1 and 2 each morning when I wake up and each evening . In the mornings , I follow with step 3 and at night , I skip step 3 and use step 4 . A few observations : - AcneFree is not great at removing make up . I have to start with a make up remover -LRB- I use Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser -RRB- or I have to use 3-4 pads with toner on it to remove everything . If I start with the make up remover and follow with the 3 AcneFree steps , I get a great cleaning and starting with the make up remover only adds a minute to the routine . - I was a bit concerned after switching from ProActiv to AcneFree because I felt the AcneFree wash did not have as many grains as the ProActiv and was concerned that it would n't work as well - it works BETTER . If you 're switching from ProActiv , do n't let that concern you . - AcneFree did n't come with the many instructions provided by ProActiv . Having using ProActiv , I knew that I needed to wash with a dime sized amount . I wonder if those who have had issues with this product drying their skin out are using more than that ? - AcneFree will bleach your clothes or towels if you 're not careful . Its not as obvious as when you get cleaning products on your clothes that have bleach on it , but I do notice a slight fading on some of my towels . I do n't particularly mind because the towels I use for drying my face are n't my ` nice ' towels , but this is something to remember . - You do tend to go through the toner more quickly than the other products . I am going to take the advice of another reviewer and pick up the Thayers Witch Hazel to use in its place . - Make sure you never use all four steps or you will likely dry your skin out . It should be steps 1 +2 and then 3 OR 4 . This has worked so well that my husband , who has always used Retinol A cream -LRB- which is not covered by insurance due to him not being a teenager -RRB- has decided to switch to this product . I am very excited to have found this product and I am planning on using it long-term . The price is great for the product - At this rate , it looks like I will go through a package about every 2-2 .5 months which makes it less than half the cost of ProActiv for the same amount of product .
 I 've always had acne , but even now at 30 years old , it started to get worse ! Nothing would work , and I found this by luck at a expensive store , and IT WORKED ! My skin is pretty tough , so it has n't irritated my skin at all . I do n't know if this product helped , but I use ALBA aloe & green tea oil-free moisturizer after I put on the three step . The moisturizer is EXPENSIVE , but it soothes the skin , and smells great ! I also use Clearasil Ultra Rapid Ultra pad . To get that deep down clean just in case the face wash missing anything . For me my face has never been clearer . Now that I 've run out , I 'm starting to break out again . So I guess I should have some on backup for next time . I put the codes for the other two products down below for anyone who wanted it . So once again . .1 . Wash your face with a face scub2 . Use the Clearasi Ultra Cleansing Pads to get that deep down clean or anything you missed3 . Use the Acne treatmen , and Repair Lotion4 . Use Alba Aloe & Green Tea MosiurizerAfter my face stared to clear up , I found that ANY face scrub will due , and you could actually skip the repair lotion and use the Alba Moisturizer by itself , , but Unfortunately you ca n't buy the acne medication by itself , , but regardless , it 's worth it to get the best skin possible for me.CLEARASIL ULTRA CLEANSING PADS 90 EACHAlba Botanica Aloe & Green Tea Oil Free Moisturizer , 3-Ounce Bottle -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB-
 Worked wonders that many others could not do ! Cleared in two weeks what even prescribed had not done after years of trying . My skin looks better now than it has looked in over 10 years !!!
 I 'm 35 years old and I 've had severe acne since I was about 14 . I took antibiotics as a teen for it ... it has n't remained at THAT severe level , but I still have quite a bit of issues with my complexion , especially considering at my age its usually not an issue.I finally decided to try something more expensive so I saw this at Walmart and picked it up . Wow !!! My face is REALLY looking better . Yeah I still get a pimple or two here or there but overall my complexion is so much improved.A few thoughts ... First , the toner goes way faster than everything else . My kit has lasted about 2 months and I 'm about ready for a new kit . But after like 3 weeks I needed to order more toner , so I just got the regular AcneFree toner , a big bottle of it , on Ebay . It works just as well.Speaking of the toner ... Its AMAZING how much dirt it takes off your face , even right after I 've scrubbed my face in the shower ! No wonder I was breaking out ... there 's so much dirt hiding here and there in my pores and face its not even funny.Anyway ... also beware that the cleanser and the morning lotion contains benzoyl peroxide and it WILL bleach your towels , pillowcases , and clothes if you are not careful . The night cream contains retinol and that does not bleach , and the toner is just soothing and cleansing.I love how the retinol smooths your skin at night and the toner also feels great ... and the peroxide works during the day . I have not had my face irritated or dried out at all using this . Before I replaced the toner , I tried some Neutrogena acne toner and it dried out my face and I started breaking out . When I went back to using all four steps of the AcneFree , I cleared back up.The only bad thing is I 'd like to use this on my chest as well but I 'm afraid of bleaching my clothes so I do not.Anyway I 'm really happy with this and would recommend it to anyone , and am getting ready to buy my second kit .
 I 'm 23 and have had acne issues since I was about 17 , started mild , then got bad starting about age 19 . I have used Clearasil , Pro-Active , Oxy , and countless other treatments , but this product has worked the best for me . I would say when using mild acne treatments i would get about a lot of pimples with a bunch of redness on my face . After using this product I get about 4-5 pimples a month and little to no redness on face . For a lot of the month my skin looks great with no visible acne!I have been using Acne Free Sever for about 8-12 months now and it has proven to work well for me . I do caution others those -LRB- as many other reviewers have pointed out -RRB- THIS STUFF IS POTENT . The lotion burned for about the first week of application , then my skin got used to it . Another suggestion that I highly recommend would be using an oil free moisturizer with the product . Now I know a lot of guys do n't use moisturizer , but honestly guys , this product WILL dry out your skin and which would you rather have , dry flaky skin or smooth soft skin?Overall I really like this product , but I am currently looking for other products . I know its wierd to write in a review with a 5 star rating , but the truth of the matter is that this stuff is about the strongest thing you can get over the counter . If something less potent can get me close to the results of the product , I 'm going to use it as I 'm sure it would be better for my skin . But if you have tried a bunch of other products and they did n't seem to work for you , or if regular strength Acne Free worked well , but just not well enough this may be the product for you .
 I have extremely oily skin -LRB- its crazy -RRB- . It took two weeks for the system to dry my skin out and for me to see results . Proactive/Clearasil could not make a dent in my skin after 2 months . This stuff is EXTREMELY potent and you will feel it after the first application.Your skin will dry out and start flaking at which point I suggest you do STEP 3 less or start using an oil free moisturizer . Also , do not put this stuff near your eyes they will burn . After 2 weeks my skin started healing extremely fast . New acne was reduced to nothing and old acne started clearing up.Few things to note :1 . DO NOT PUT THIS ANYWHERE NEAR YOUR EYES2 . Step 1 - I used a stronger exfoliating scrub with the cleanser provided -LRB- extremely oily skin -RRB- 3 . Step 4 - Skin feels amazing after waking up . Make sure your face is dry completely before applyingAlso , if you have sensitive skin I suggest you go with something more mild . This stuff is strong as advertised .
 About a 3weeks ago I started using this product . I have hormonal acne which is one of the hardest forms of acne to treat on skin , because the problem is from within . Now when I say my skin was bad , it was so bad I ca n't go anywhere without makeup.When I started using this product i saw a little difference by a week . It was n't that noticeable , but I noticed my skin was drying up . I continued using it , but my skin never got excessively dry . Its just perfect . I noticed that I totally stopped breaking out , and no the spots are disappearing . I ca n't remember the last time i washed my face without feeling acne/pimples on my face . I cant actually say that now.I believe people that do n't have severe acne get their skin dried out too much.This is a great product and as it says its better than proactiv . I have used proactiv and did n't see much of a difference . This product made all the difference.I love this product .
 I 've used many acne products such as Proactiv , Daniel Kern 's , and other various products with salicylic acid -LRB- Stridex pads -RRB- and the likes , and I found this to work the best out of all of them . It does n't slightly reduce the size of white heads , but rather , completely eradicates any trace of it , and results are delivered in just a couple of days.Some word of caution , however.This stuff is very concentrated , and you should follow the directions VERY carefully . 10 % benzoyl peroxide , in abundance over a long period of time , has the potential to leave scars , so do n't glob a lot of this stuff over a whitehead hoping to make it go away overnight.Also if you live in a hot area and find yourself sweating a lot -LRB- Arizona -RRB- , keep this stuff AWAY from any articles of clothing , because it can and will bleach your clothes very badly . Even the act of wiping the sweat off your face and wiping it off on your shirt will leave a bleach mark that will not come out.I 've been using this stuff since 2008 , and it has not failed me yet . Just be aware that it 's strong stuff that should n't be underestimated .
 I used to have some acne when I was a teenager but I got the worst acne ever in my mid 20s . I tried everything for years with no results until I saw this product and decided to give it a try . I saw results quickly . Actually , the first couple of days it dried my skin up a little bit and I got a bad burning around my eyes . But the instructions clearly say not to use the product on the eyes area and I did , so it was my fault , -LRB- and I also overused it on my urge to get rid of my acne no matter what -RRB- Anyway , as soon as I saw the product dried my skin up , I just easily worked it out by following the instructions on how to use the product plus using some good day/night moisturizers by The Body Shop -LRB- I love their products -RRB- . My skin began to look much better in a few days , the repair lotion really works . My severe acne disappeared and now I just have to cope with few regular breakouts like once in a while and I can fight them with the repair lotion . I think this stuff really kills acne bacteria and most of the time prevents breakouts from attacking again!But remember , you must follow the instructions and not overuse it cause it can burn your skin ! and you need to use it constantly and be patient to get the best results ! . One more thing , we are all different and every skin type may show a different reaction to this product , so , even though I can tell the product has been working awesome for me since I got it , this is just and opinion/advice according to my personal experience.As I mentioned it before , bear in mind that acnefree might dry up your skin , but you can work it out with a moisturizer and that 's a whole lot better than fighting acne !
 I have had acne for a long long time , many years . Thought it would dissapear after teenage years but i guess not , 26 years old now . I got scars from them too . I 've tried all kinds of stuff and i really love this product . It really improves my skin . Not just takes away the acne but it looks and feels better too . My skin does not get irritated from it . It does n't dry it out like other products can . It really works for me and my skintype . I tried the acnefree not severe one but acnefree severe works best for me .
 AcneFree Severe Acne Treatment is the best product on the market . I have never had a acne treatment work so well for me .
 I 've been battling with acne for over 3 years now.I 've tried Proactive and many other acne treatments.And I finally found the solution to this acne maze.I have been using `` AcneFree Severe Acne Treatment System '' for 2 days as of now , and I am seeing the difference!I can see acnes disappearing ! It works !! Proactive did n't work for me , but this one did!While using PROACTIVE , I felt uncomfortable wearing the toner and lotion . . -LRB- It tends to makemy skin look greasy -RRB- but AcneFree does n't have that problem.Definately recommended !
 I started using this product 2 months ago when I was 5 months pregnant . The product says not to use while pregnant unless consulting physician but I was comfortable with using it since my face ALWAYS breaks out horribly when I am pregnant , and this is the third time so this is nothing new to me . I have used Proactiv , clearasil , oxy pads , pretty much everything . At first I used the acne free system as directed , but it was too strong for my skin , my face became raw and BURNED like nothing else I have ever felt . So I stopped using the gritty lotion , except for on problem areas , and within 4 days i felt 100 percent better , and when the skin healed , the bad acne had cleared . Now With just using the wash , toner , and night cream , my face has made a dramatic turn around , I still get occasional pimples , on my cheek area and still have some minor blackheads but all in all this product worked good for me . My skin feels great , and definately smoother . I love how non-abrasive the wash is , it leaves my skin feeling fresh and not like I just scrubbed it with a brillo-pad . I will probably try to use the lotion again once I am no longer pregnant and see if I get a different reaction but for now the other 3 steps are working just great . I had also had some MINOR acne on my shoulders , within 1 week of using the system that had cleared up and I havent had any problems with my shoulders since . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to get rid of stubborn acne . You just have to remember that even though it may come over night , your acne is not going to cure over night , and acne products WILL dry your skin out and irritate it for a while , but that means that it is working .
 I bought this off Amazon about a month and a half ago because of the many positive reviews . I have had acne since I was 12 , although I let it go untreated most of that time . Now I 'm 24 and decided enough was enough , I bought this kit even though my acne is no longer what I consider `` severe '' -LRB- although it has been in the past as the scars left behind can attest to -RRB- My skin is oily and not particularly sensitive so I felt confident I could handle an over the counter severe acne treatment kit . Immediately before I started using this I had been using a generic 5 % benzoyl peroxide cream , that had been over drying my face . -LRB- I define over drying as when my skin starts flaking -RRB- With all that said , this is a fantastic product , especially for the price . Proactiv goes for $ 40 on Amazon and this stuff sells for almost half that . Also , this kit did not overdry my skin as straight benzoyl peroxide treatments have done . I imagine some people might have a drying problem , but just use some moisturizer and you should be good to go . As with any acne treatment the key is being consistent . If you start missing applications acne Will come back.Of course the bottom line is results , this product absolutely cleared up all my acne in a little under a month . It 's hard to express in words how happy I am looking in the mirror now and seeing a clear complexion looking back at me.The only downside I can think of is that step 4 comes in a small 1 ounce container and will most likely run out before the rest of the kit does . Other than that I give this product my full reccomendation with consistent use it will most likely clear up most cases of acne .
 I purchased this product for my son about 6 weeks ago . Within a few days his pimples starting clearing up . He had a very bad case of acne . It is now 6 weeks later and his pimples are not totally gone but his acne is much less severe than it was.At first his face burned and dried out a little , but his face now seems used to the product . The # 2 gets used up much quicker than the rest of the products.When he misses a day using all of the steps , we notice the difference.Hopefully , in another few months all of his pimples will be gone . If not , at least his face looks MUCH BETTER than before .
 I 've tried several products in the past and this one seemed to worked the best to help clear up my very mild blemishes around my nose and does it pretty quickly . I barely been using it a week . I actually liked the morning lotion which does burn a little and feels somewhat sandy when applied , but it 's better than the oily feel I get with other products.Also , you 're better off finding this at Walmart where I got mine for less .
 This product is fantastic . I was completely clear of acne in one month . I live in the carribean and ordered it front amazon.com . I 've tried Accutane , Proactiv -LRB- twice -RRB- , prescription drug , antibiotics etc. . But nothing worked as quickly and completely as Acnefree . Thanks ! Wish I had a before and after picture . Just need to get rid of the acne scars , ca n't use hydroquinione so I 'm at a lost . But the acne is gone . Yeah !!
 Well . . I 'm on day 3 of using this product and so far I LOVE it . Already my face is looking and feeling better . I have very oily skin , and I have new breakouts almost daily - ah the wonders of genetics . After my first use my skin felt great , and over the last few days I have n't had any new breakouts , and the ones I have seem to be getting smaller . I have to say , I 've used a million acne treatments , and this is one of the first ones I 've ever used that did n't make my face 10 times worse before it got better . . We 'll see if that turns out to be a good thing or not.All in all , so far my face is feeling so much better . My breakouts started clearing up almost immediately , and no more have formed . Even my mom commented that it seemed to be working . I 'm loving this product so far , and will definetly continue to use it . I 'll let you know how it goes when i 've been using it longer .
 I 've been very pleased by this product . I have the type of acne that usually pops up right before my monthly cycle , then takes forever to heal , and this product starts making a huge dent in the acne overnight . I 've been able to prolong the life of the package that I bought by only using it when I start to break out . It 's been working really well for me . It has n't dried out my skin , which is really surprising . The lotion does tend to make my face a little greasy , so I try not to use very much of it.I 've only had one problem
 Okay , first of ... this kit is an awesome deal for the price ! for less than $ 25 dollars , without the hassle of prescription , and typically found at any pharmacy store like Walgreens , Target etc. , it is such a convenient ! - Caution with step 3
 I would n't classify my skin as `` severe '' at all , in fact , my skin tends to be clear most of the time . I 'll get the occassional pimple or blackhead here and there , but nothing severe whatsoever.I began using this product because my brother -LRB- who also has good skin -RRB- was raving about how this product heals his blemishes and keeps his skin healthy and clear . After watching him use the product for several weeks , I noticed a dramatically improved complexion . His face was simply rejuvinated.I then decided to take the plunge and try it for myself . This product was simply amazing . The four-step process is simple to follow and feels excellent on my face . My blackheads
 This acne system works fairly well . I 've got adult onset , and after being off Rx acne meds for a couple years this is the best OTC stuff I 've tried . It 's not a miracle , and it 's not as good as combining a sulfer wash with retin-a and benzoyl peroxide - but my skin looks better than it has in awhile .
 I purchased this item about 2 and a half months ago . I will admit I did skip a few days at a time sometimes , but this product definitely showed nice results . Lately -LRB- I 'm 27 -RRB- I have had breakouts due to my hormone levels changing and wanted to try something without having to waste my money . I am very skeptical on anything I buy . So I only purchase items with a large review community.It 's been a little over two months and this product helps clear my skin , and leaves it feeling very smooth . The only thing I would want different is , if it helped with red blotches . But we cant find all our skin solutions all in one product ! lol . It did what what it advertised , and it did n't burn , or make my skin itchy , dry , or flakey . No bad smells either , I know some of you are big on that . Everything feels and smells great . I 'd recommend giving it a try . Best of luck to you all .
 I began using this product on Tuesday June 12 , so it 's been one week today that I started . I am one of those people who have tried NUMEROUS acne products , from over the counter to prescription with no results . I have not yet tried Proactiv because I do n't want to shell out the money for a membership without knowing how it will work for me . I tired this product because it was a little cheaper and did n't require a membership . I love it ! I do n't have `` severe '' acne like what is seen in the Proactiv `` before and after '' commercials , but do get regular breakouts . I have noticed with this product that my face cleared up nicely . However , I tend to get the large , painful cyst-like pimples under the skin that never go away . Normally it takes about two weeks for one of these to clear up -LRB- with or without treatment -RRB- . While using this product , one of these cysts popped up on Sunday , by Tuesday -LRB- today -RRB- it is nearly gone!This product seems to be more of a retroactive treatment than preventative , because I am still getting a pimple or blemish here and there , but it clears them up quickly.Also , this product dries out my skin a bit . So after I apply the stages and let each dry , I apply a layer of Cetaphil facial moisturizer which has SPF and wo n't clog pores.All in all a decent product just wish it did n't dry my face out and wish it prevented acne , not just cleared it up .
 This product is amazing !!! I bought this for my 13 year daughter who has severe acne . Her acne is so bad they are big red bumps all over her face , and back . The acne is super painful for her . After buying this product we saw an improvement within 5 days !! She was so happy . My daughter has been using this everyday and her acne is almost gone . Foe the price and the results ... this product is a must have if you are suffering from acne . My daughter is so happy and confident now !!
 I started using the acnefree severe system a little over a month ago , maybe two months now and it 's been working great for me . For the most part , it has stopped breakouts from emerging . I replaced the toner with the Neutrogena rapid clear 2 in 1 toner when the one that came with the system ran out . So far so good ! I 'm really happy with this product . I can honestly say that I noticed a difference in a few days with the acnefree than I did in months with Proactiv.It does tend to make my skin dry after using step 3 and/or step 4 so I 've been using the say yes to tomatoes balancing moisturizer and it 's helped quite a bit . : -RRB- LOVE this stuff !
 I am 30 years old , oily skin and always experienced blackheads around my nose area , but lately I began to get big cyst like pimples around my cheeks and chin . I 've had this product for almost two month now and I must say it works wonders with oily skin , it has gotten my oil under control and it has helped with my blackheads , although they are not completely gone . My big cyst-like pimples are non-existent now , and my pore size seems to have minimized which is great!I was VERY tempted to stop using this product during my first week of use because my skin dried out SOOO much it was ridiculous , my entire face felt like SANDPAPER and LOOKED LIKE SANDPAPER -- no kidding ! but I continued and the dead skin soon just went away , but it also caused my skin to itch -LRB- this only happened during my sandpaper phase -RRB- . After using the kit for two weeks straight I decided to slow down on the use and began to alternate steps 3 and 4 each night . Normally you are supposed to use step 3 during the day and step 4 at night but since my acne is under control I decided to use the medications only at night -LRB- alternating each night -RRB- but I still continue to use the face wash twice a day and always follow with the toner . I found this routine to work great.Also its recommeded to use sunscreen during the day ... I found the BEST suncreen for oily , acne-prone skin `` Neutrogena Clear Skin Sunblock Lotion SPF 55 . `` I love this kit ! -- oh and I have previously used proactive and it did NOT work at all on me .
 acnefree is an amazing product and for all those one star reviews , this product is obviously not right for your skin . you should see a dermatologist.with that said , i think acnefree is an amazing product . i used it for almost a year but did n't wash in the morning and at night . my skin is sensitive so washing it twice a day dried it out and i stopped after about two weeks . i also only use the toner every other day for the same reason . like i said before , everyone 's skin is different so you should experiment and do what works best for you!then i made the mistake of switching to clinique 's acne clearing system -LRB- the stuff is expensive and my sister could no longer use it so i tried it -RRB- and it completely destroyed my skin . it made my skin very dry and my skin over compensated for the dryness , leading to a horrible break out that has taken months to recover from . i switched back to the original acnefree but the damage had been done . now i 'm using severe acnefree because of what the clinique system did to my face . i will never switch to another product again!acnefree is definitely better than proactiv for my skin . i tried proactiv and it was too harsh . it dried my skin out.highly recommend this product to anyone who has not had success with proactiv ! it 's also MUCH cheaper . : -RRB-
 I 've been using this product for a little over a week now and I am noticing a huge difference in my Acne . Not only has it reduced the amount of white heads appearing on my face daily , but it is fading red marks remarkably well . I 'm 27 , so some acne products currently on the market do n't work very well for me . It has been about 11 days since i 've begun using this product and I have noticed a huge difference . I 'd say the only issue I had at first was dry , flaky skin . It was pretty bad . I usually supplement other non-comodogenic lotion -LRB- CeraVe Lotion -RRB- + Jojoba oil after applying the lotion that is provided in this kit . Problem solved . I am looking forward to how my skin looks at the end of the month !
 I 'd been suffering from acne for a few years now and tried just about all the drugstore acne products sold but nothing ever worked . Almost a week into the treatment and my skin was completely clear . Even my friends noticed the change in my skin ! I think I used a bit too much though when I got a rash on my upper cheeks . But I used moisturizing cream for a few days and it was fine after that . Just make sure not to use to much of the product ; a little really does go a long way .
 I had very severe acne . Especially on 2 chin , and some areas on my neck . not on my forehead.When i received this product , i used about 10 days following the normal direction . No difference shown.Later , about 10 days after i decided to skip STEP 2 -LRB- ph balancer -RRB- and 4 -LRB- retinol -RRB- for while . So i just used STEP 1 after then STEP 3 -LRB- high amount -RRB- . I especially used 1 hour before when i go to sleep . It dries in up to 30 minutes . So you wouldnt wipe it off on your pillow when you at sleep.Soon i purchased ACNEFREE GREEN TEA MOISTURIZER , i m using it now though.THIS IS JUST MY DIRECTION THOUGH.STEP 4 direction was `` only apply at morning '' - but you cant apply at morning because this treatment lotion is too white and doesnt absorbs quickly as like Proactiv STEP 3 . I just want to tell those who gave 1 star on feedback : JUST USE STEP 1,2,3 , few days later step 2 will finishes -LRB- i mean it will run off -RRB- then just use STEP 1 and 3 , 8.10 am MORNING step 1 , very little amount of STEP 3 , THEN evening 7 pm when i came back from my work JUST STEP 1 , BEFORE SLEEP 11 or 12 pm STEP 1 with HIGH AMOUNT OF STEP 3 . THEN WAIT FOR 30 minutes . DRY OFF . SLEEP . -LRB- I 'm using step 4 once a week , not every night -RRB- STEP 4 IS JUST FOR FIXING THE COLLATERAL DAMAGE FROM STEP 3 . Use it when you needed.Above direction is for only who has REALLY SEVERE ACNE -LRB- I MEAN SEVERE . . REAL SEVERE , not just 5 or 6 pimples , im talking about 20 or more big zits , cyst , pain under face , WHO cried several times alone in the toilet because of acne . -RRB- I hope this direction will help you guys . Good luck.REMIND
 I start to use them two months ago . They work very well . I am comfortable with them so far . The only concern I have is that whether they have side effects .
 I purchased this product for one of my teenage sons , who has had trouble tolerating many of the prescribed pills to help clear his acne . We have gone through several wash/cream regimens but with no real results . The product kit arrived yesterday and he began to use it as directed . No lie - today his face has noticeably fewer whiteheads and is less oily . His skin does not appear irritated and he did not complain of any burning with it 's use . I learned that one of the recommended treatments by dermatologists is to use Retin A , which is a primary ingredient -LRB- retinol -RRB- in the Acne Free Severe Treatment . Definitely worth a try for stubborn acne , and for those who can not or do not want to go the `` pill '' route . So far very happy with the immediate results !
 Ok . So I am in my mid 30 's and have been dealing with breakouts for the past 10 years.They are getting worse as I get older . I have tried numerous acne treatments , including Proactive . . which I spent lots of money on and it did NOTHING for me.I bought this and after 3 days of use , my face felt like it was on fire and I actually think I had chemical burns on my face . I have VERY sensative skin and was using it as directed . My face became very , very itchy and I think by me scratching at it so much and then applying the product - I burned my skin . I took a break from it for 3 days and then only used it once a day . Now after 2 weeks , my face is REALLY clearing up ! I have not had any bad reactions since and my skin feels really smooth and just looks better overall.I would suggest if you have sensative skin like me to only use the face wash once a day.It also seems that step 2 really irritated my skin so I have n't been using that.Overall - I am happy with this product and will continue to use it ... just gave me a little scare in the beginning !
 For bad , painful acne this is the right product . I have used Proactiv for over a year and still had blemishes , with Acne Free my face cleared up in two weeks ! I mean clear . During the first three days your skin is very dry - I would suggest a light oil free moisturizer with sunscreen after the regimen , in the morning only . The first use -LRB- at night -RRB- did cause minor facial swelling that subsided in about the time it took me to shower . As with anything new some adjustment is required - your skin is the largest organ in the body ! Some suggestions that I have found to help1 . Wash hands frequently-the oils from our hands feed growing pimples . If you ca n't wash your hands frequently use a alcohol based sanitizer , this will help minimize the oil in your fingertips .2 . Try not to touch your face , especially during the first week of treatment as this will irritate the obstructions .3 . Before washing your face , take a hot washcloth and drape it over your face -LRB- this will open the pores -RRB- for about a minute . Then apply the face wash , let the skin dry before applying the toner . Again let the skin dry before applying the repairing lotion . At night , is is very important to wait 10 minutes before applying the night serum-wash your hands again before the last step at night as 10 minutes is enough time for your fingers to build up oils and you will be touching your face again . I hope this helps , and good luck to clear skin .
 I honestly could n't believe it ... . I did n't have horrible skin to begin with , but I got a new haircut where my hair hit the sides of my face / forehead a lot more and I started getting painful breakouts on my temples , adn along my jawline and on my forehead ... . plus for some reason my nose and chin started getting really bad blackheads.I got this stuff thinking why the hell not and it 's been 5 days and my skin is sooooo freaking soft and clear . I would honestly call it a miracle product because it 's ridiculous how awesome it works.The all day lotion -LRB- step 3 -RRB- is a little bit harsh on my skin , it 's the 10 % benzoil -LRB- sp ? -RRB- peroxide , but it gets the job done so so so so so well .
 ok , i must warn you that i may sound like an infomercial , but i am hooked on this product for my acne problems.i have tried proactiv , murad , another acne kit that i ca n't think of the name in addition to separate topicals -LRB- e.g. noxzema , clearasil , etc. -RRB- and none have given me the results that this product gives . i have even tried the milder version of the acne free system and did n't have as good results as i get with the severe acne free system . i would n't recommend this product for those with dry or sensitive skin and acne . this is a very drying formula that works on my very oily face.i never thought of my acne as severe , but i would always have a big zit in one place or another on my face that would leave big scars after the zit went away . now , i have not had a breakout since using this product -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . i hope it works for you !
 I have always had minor issues with acne , at least since my teen years . I have tried ALOT of different products . AcneFree works well for me , but I would n't say it 's a cure-all . I have determined that staying clear is a lifestyle , no one thing will cure your outbreaks . Here 's my regimin that I use along with this product ; I...-use a scent/dye free laundry detergent -LRB- I like All Free and Clear -RRB- - wash my sheets weekly and my towels daily-use a good non-comedogenic foundation -LRB- I like Physicians Formula -RRB- - eat a nutrional diet-use vitamin supplements . My morning supplements are -LRB- I prefer GNC brand -RRB- B-Complex and Iron . My evening supplements are Super Omega Fish oil , Basic Antioxident and Acidophilus.-drink plenty of water . I drink about 2 liters/day of regular tap water.-exercise a few times/week to keep your body in tune and to sweat your toxins out!That 's the long and short of it . I definitely recommend this product . But , as I said , you need to make it part of your healthy lifestyle for the best results .
 I have tried it all and this is the only product that has worked for me . I came across Acnefree while traveling through the U.S. last November and I have to say it is the best investment I ever made for my skin.I normally do n't have the patience for a beauty regime that involves more than a couple of products so when I saw 4 items in the package I was skepticle whether I would stick to following the routine . It really is very simple to use and does n't take more than a few minutes to apply after the skin has been cleansed.I would say within a couple of days after commencing use of the products my breakouts were reduced to almost nil and shortly thereafter the problem was completely cleared . My skin is still somewhat oily by the end of the day but my pores no longer get blocked.Thank you University Medical for making a product that actually delivers on its promise , is very reasonably priced and has given me the beautiful complexion I have tried for years to attain .
 I 've used it for about a year . It 's the only product that 's completely cleared my face up . I never even considered myself having severe acne , but I always had something or other in some place or another . Everything I tried never got rid of * all * of it.What I do n't like ? It 's four steps . Thats a lot of time , many nights I forget to use the last step -LRB- to use 10 mins after the toner -RRB- . I 'm not very consistent with using it , which is probably why other things never really worked that well . But it cleared up my acne , if I become too inconstant -LRB- not using it at least once a day -RRB- acne will pop back up . If I start using it consistently again the acne will clear up pretty fast.I always considered my skin normal , not very oily or dry . My skin never became very dry because of this product . If my skin ever becomes very dry though , I 'm pretty quick to apply another lotion to it.Over all though , it works . It works really good . Even when I say screw it and do n't follows all of it 's rules is still works pretty well . Not prefect , if you do n't do everything , but still better than the rest if your inconsistent .
 I have only been using Acne Free Severe for a few days . I have used the original Acne Free product for the past year or so . I had run out of the original and went to my local Walmart to pick some up . They only had the Acne Free Severe product . It was late , I was tired and decided I would try this . My acne is far from severe , but I was desperate . So far , it works better than the original . I am very cautious about how I use this , and the original product , on my face since my skin is quite sensitive . This is the only brand I have been able to find that works for me ... even ProActive would n't work for me . The AcneFree Severe comes with the same 3 step bottles as the orginal -LRB- step 1
 I believe I have found a GREAT product for my stubborn acne ! Finally a product that will not miss a single acne . I 've tried many acne products in the past even the ones talked about on T.V. . The past acne systems I 've used would always leave one or two acne bumps behind and I hated that because I thought they were supposed to keep my skin completely clear ! Well I 'm happy to say that AcneFree Severe has done and is continuing to do an amazing job ! I love it ! I can purchase it whenever I want without having to buy it every 3 months or so like other products . It really does get the job done . I love it . I am oily skin type with moderate acne . And walking out with a clean and clear face definitely brings my confidence level up . I 'm amazed with this product , I truly am ! : D
 I have tried Proactiv . I have been on birth control . I had just made an appointment to go see a doctor because of my scne . I am 24 and I have NEVER had acne so bad . I am in medical school so I thought , well it is stress . I also get bad cystic acne with my period . When I tried this yesterday I thought ... well maybe it will help a little . I woke up this morning and literally said WOW when I looked in the mirror . Yes some little bumps are still there , but compared to what was ... O M G all I can say is WOW !
 I have only been using this product for about a week and I have seen an amazing improvement . Overall , it is a great product and if you have mild or moderate acne I would highly recommend this.I never had an acne problem until I came to college , and the last 6 months have been a struggle with acne . I used the original 3-step Acnefree since middle school and it worked fine all through high school too , I always had a clear face.When I went to college I got horrible acne -LRB- in my opinion , it was probably considered mild or mild-moderate -RRB- . Anyways I always had acne and I just could n't do anything about it . Finally I just decided to get the Acnefree severe , even though I technically did n't have severe acne . I was hesitant at first because people said it burned your face and is only for people with severe acne . However , I have not experienced these issues and my face is completely clear . It is slightly drying , but just use a good moisturizer once a day and you will be fine .
 First of all , as other reviews have mentioned this product is much better than proactive . You will see results with this quickly but it 's not the silver bullet for acne issues . I used this for about two months and saw a noticable improvement but my skin was still not where I wanted it to be.With that said , this product in combination with Clarisonic did absolute miracles for me . My skin looks the best it has ever looked in my entire life . If you are using this product and looking for something else to get your skin that extra mile -LRB- consistantly -RRB- , invest in a Clarisonic.Pros : PriceAvailabilityIt WORKSCons : Time consumingNeed to be consistantNot perfect on it 's ownMay be too strong for some peoples skin
 First off , this is my mother 's account . I am an 18 year old male who has a history of bad acne because of genetics . Before using Severe Acne Free , I used to go to a dermatologist because of never ending acne . I 'm very happy to say that this Severe Acne Free System definitely works , my skin is clearer than ever . I was going to a dermatologist monthly for less than a year but it became to pricey with the expensive doryx pills , various topical creams -LSB- epiduo gel then atralin -RSB- and glycolic acid face wash . After putting my dermatologist visits on hold because of the expenses , my acne did not fail to come back . It came back and it felt worse and more of a hassle . I tried all the tools for acne I had including Proactiv and leftovers from the derma but nothing was really clearing up my acne . Over my winter break , it got really bad . Did n't feel like going out in public anymore . Acne , pimples that resembled cysts , dry raw skin , black/white heads ... the worst . My mom read reviews for Severe Acne Free and was convinced it would help , so we found a set at Walmart for $ 21.87 . I used it and the steps were similar to Proactiv . There are 3 steps for the morning and 4 at night . I used the 4 steps when I first got it and the next morning my face felt smoother and the right side of my face looked almost clear . I was amazed at how fast it worked because of the severity of my acne the day before . I got and used Severe Acne Free System on 12/30 -LSB- evening treatment -RSB- and it 's 1/3 right now and my face has diminishing pimples on my cheeks and is not dried up nor feeling greasy but for the most part my face is pretty cleared up in only 5 days . I feel that its secret is the 4th step that you apply at night which Proactiv did n't have . It really gets at any pimples that are already there and any pimples that are just starting to form . I conclude with this-I went to a dermatologist , the results started happening within a month . Severe Acne Free results happened the next day for me . Huge price difference . All there is to say is that it works!This is his mom now ... for over the counter product , this is excellent ! No , we 're not being paid to recommend this product or write this . We 're just sharing our experience . My son 's face is n't completely cleared of blemishes yet but for him it 's a major improvement . He 's happy that those gigantic red cysts had gone down a lot . He just has to keep at it ... To compare a $ 21.87 product to his derma treatment , here 's the breakdown
 This stuff worked wonders for my skin . I was taking a supplement called Vitex and it caused my skin to go from breaking out 1-2 times a week to breaking out 2-3 times a DAY !!!! My skin was in a horrible condition and everything I tried was just making it worse , not better.I finally decided to try AcneFree Severe and I 'm glad I did . I saw results in just a few days !! It did take about a 6 weeks to totally clear up my skin but the point is it worked almost immediately and kept improving my skin -LRB- which is now back to normal -RRB- . Some people do not respond to Benzoyl Peroxide , but for those that do this is a great product !!
 Let me give a super brief background about myself . YAZ birthcontrol and Bare Minerals destroyed my face
 Seriously - Stop wasting your time on BS products . If you 've landed on this page , you are fortunate . This product outperforms every single product and DOCTOR I have talked to about my skin . I did n't develop acne until the ripe age of 26 . YES , 26 !!!! WTH , right ?? At least I only had to deal with one awkward phase of life at a time , not all at the age of 16 -- so anyways , I tried everything until I noticed my sister 's skin had cleared entirely after using this product . She does n't even need to wear face make up anymore . Yes , it cleared up that much . I decided to give it a whirl ... I mean why not , I had already spent so much money on other products , what 's another 25 bucks right ? Hands down , the best $ 25 dollars I ever spent . I got my glow back , my self esteem , my energy ... all for less than an hour 's work . I could n't be more happy with my skin , it 's even better now than it was before I started breaking out . I barely wear any face make up , just some powder and blush and it looks so smooth.The only qualm I have is the process . You have to be dedicated and go in with the mindset that this is a 3 stop process and it does take time . It 's not just washing your face and slick on some moisturizer . It is really CLEANING your face with the face wash , using the toner . Letting that dry entirely and then either putting on the moisturizer in the morning , or the overnight cream at night . This should be put on very generously . I 've noticed the more I put on , the clearer my skin is in the morning . This also has to dry before hitting the pillow to avoid a mess.Also , as another reviewer wrote , this is not for you if you have the rare breakout . The medicines are potent and it will dry out your skin the first week you use it . Keep lip balm handy as it dries out your lips too . This only lasts about the first week or two though and after that you 'll be glad you stuck to it . Also , keep out of your eyes -- do n't even get close because it will irritate your undereyes as well . I speak from experience : /
 This product is unbelievable ! My son is 15 years old , African American , and had a severe case of acne on both sides of his face and on his forehead . We tried numerous creams , cleansers , soaps , and home remedies found on the Internet . Nothing worked ! Finally in desperation , I bought this product because I thought it was `` Proactiv '' ; I misread read the advertising slogan as the product title . When I realized my mistake , I started to return it to the store , but decided to see if there were any online reviews . Since everyone was raving about it , we decided to give it a try . It 's been two weeks and the acne is completely gone . Everyday you could see improvement
 Since I was a teen , I 've suffered with acne vulgaris . I have a list written down of 25 different acne treatments I 've tried . AcneFree was the only thing that worked for me . If you do NOT have sensitive skin but have acne that NEVER goes away ... this is your answer . Hands down . I have tried every home remedy out there , from garlic to apple cider vinegar , with no results . These chemicals work . My acne vulgaris is gone and I have a clear face today , thanks to AcneFree .
 I had acne since I was 14 , I 'm 45 . I tried everything including Skin Dr 's and products from the skin Dr. They work for a while but very expensive as the Dr wants me to see him on monthly bases.I wanted to find a solution to my acne without the Dr. I tried Proactiv and it was good but very expensive . I got the 4 piece sensitive skin + the Mask at a Proactiv kiosk at the mall and it was $ 80.00 . I needed to find something I can afford ! I read all the reviews for skin care and AcneFree Severe kept coming up . I gave it a try and within a week it cleared my face !!! Even the Skin Dr products were not that fast !! The price is about $ 21.00 in Target . I 've been using it for a month now . You must use it twice a day . I also use the Sulfar Mask and the Scar Fade & Erase to remove scars and redness marks from the acne . The Mask is amazing ! its 3.5 % sulfur and copper , Better than the proactiv Mask and it 's only $ 6.00 . When Put it overnight on the cyst and it will heal faster.sensitive
 I have tried several products over the last few years -LRB- to include oral and topical prescription medications -RRB- and nothing seemed to work . I even visited an `` acne forum '' to read suggested products and made purchases based on those recommendations , although my skin only improved slightly - and at the expense of being embarrassingly dry and flakey.I thought I would give this product a try and sure enough , it has been amazing . My skin started showing immediate signs of improvement within days and by the end of ONE WEEK , the majority of my blemishes were gone . Nearly a month later , my skin looks practically flawless . All of this without bad flaking or additional breakouts first.For the first time in years , my skin looks healthy and glowing . If you have been struggling to find a product that works , I highly recommend giving this a try .
 First off , ive never bought any acne products in my life , so I ca n't compare . I did n't want to pay for pro activ , so i looked for something I could get retail , i studied this ratings for some time . Picked this kit up at Walgreens . Used it for 7 days , after the 7 days , my acne is clear , and it made my skin real smooth , But i think too smooth . I stopped using the product since now my skin gets real tight on my face after water hits it , and i dry it , and my skin on my face is getting red and burns when i rub any wash cloth . So as of now i duno what is the cause . Unless its my skin rebuilding , or what . But this product did work for me , but now i feel pain .
 Well I can finally say Ive found something that works . Ive had mild to severe acne since 13 and Im 27 now . My acne would come and go but I could never find anything that kept it from coming back . I was alway looking for stuff that reacted to the acne and not to prevent it . I have sensitive skin so anything I use has to be mild , non irritating and not greasy . I saw the reviews on amazon but I was so fed up that I just went to another store to buy it instead of waiting for it to be delivered . I was concerned about the benzyl peroxide because of my sensitive skin and let me say my concerns were justified . At first my skin started to turn red and dry out on my forehead and near my chin . I counter acted this with stopping the treatment for two days and used a good moisturizer . This got my skin back to normal with minimal acne present . I really like that they include the retinol for use at night . If you are not familiar with retinol do some research on it . It has shown to reduce winkles and make skin look younger but also it helps with preventing acne . Im not sure of the quality of the Vitamin A in the retinol cause the package is only 20 and some retinol can be pretty pricey for quality stuff but I must say it works . The benzyl peroxide repair lotion is nice not only cause it puts moisture it but also works to prevent acne from forming in the day . Now if you work in an environment where you sweat be careful cause benzyl peroxide will stain clothes . Also , be sure to wash your face of the benzyl peroxide lotion before bed cause you might stain your pillows . So far Im pretty happy with the results and I will continue to use this product . If it stops working I will try to remember to come back and update this review .
 This product is worth a try . I 'm 25 years old with moderate adult acne -LRB- chin area/few break out spots on side of cheeks -RRB- and AcneFree severe is one of the few things that actually gets my skin clear . If I stop , the acne comes back . I also flare up during my ` time of the month ' , which I hate , but this product helps keep that at bay as well . My skin tends to get dry if I use it twice daily for days on end , so I use it once daily . I did try to use regular AcneFree but it did n't work as well . To me , the scent is subtle and it does n't leave my skin red . . except for my forehead , for some weird reason . Good product , I 'm too lazy to try anything else and this works so I 'll be sticking to this for a while . : -RRB-
 My son and I both suffer with acne . I am now 34 yrs old and I have used almost every product on the market . I get extreme breakouts and so does my son . I have tried proactive , clear skin and so many other products on both myself and my son and none of them have worked as well as this has . We have been using this for almost two months now and have noticed clearer skin . My son took before pictures and a new one and was surprised at the differences . I would like to say thank you to Acne Free , you have given my son his confidance back . He now thinks he is sexy and for that I know this product works !!!!
 This is a fantastic product . I have tried everything and this is the only system that has given me results . The clearing does n't happen overnight , but it can significantly help your skin in the first couple of weeks . THe only negative comment I have is that the products can sometimes bleach clothes and pillowcases .
 I developed acne as an adult , in my mid twenties and I 've been plagued by it since -LRB- I 'm 35 now -RRB- . Nothing spectacular , just a couple of zits on my forehead and shoulders , but enough to annoy me . I tried benzoate , retinol/tretinol and antibiotic treatments -LRB- minocyclin -RRB- with no significant success . I used this product for two weeks and I noticed an improvement . I still have acne , but less than before and the remaining zits seem to heal faster . Unlike other reviewers , I did n't develop dryness , redness or any other kind of discomfort . In fact , my skin feels smoother and softer than before . I just hope the effects of the treatments will not diminish with time -LRB- it happened before with the antibiotic treatment , so I 'm just praying this is gon na work -RRB- .
 This system works very well on my adult acne . It has n't cleared my skin entirely , but the severity of breakouts have definitely decreased .
 I 've had clear skin all my life and after turning 20 I started getting some mild acne on my back and shoulders and I did n't pay much attention to that as long as my face was clear and all of a sudden boom ! My beautiful skin is infested with cysts and almost any kind of acne that exists , I would all bouquet of acne like 5-10 at the same spot . I used ProActive and almost any other OTC products I could find , nothing would help . I came across this product and believe it or not this was like last Acne Medicine that I had n't tried from CVS pharmacy and I thought well it 's not going to help anyways and I gave up already and just accepted the fact that my face would n't be as it used to . Sounds familiar ? First week , OMG First week and it 's all gone . I could n't believe it . I 've been using this product for a month now and been following all the directions and using it 2 times daily and I 've had some acne scars , they are clearing up too ! This product gave me confidence I had and took all that frustration out of my life , now I can look in the mirror and see myself again and not the acne infested face . I 've been following healthy diet and trying to avoid acne causing foods as much as I could and it worked . All of it 's said there are some downsides too . First of , these medications are very potent and my left eye been itching since I started using this product because I think I accidentally applied some around my eye . Other than that I 'm so glad I tried this product and would recommend to anyone with moderate - severe acne . I would also recommend you putting aloe gel on your face because it really soothes and makes the redness and irritation go away .
 This is the ONLY product that has cleared my skin . I honestly picked it out of all the products because it was in a bright package and on sale . I am very glad their marketing worked ! I tried proactive -LRB- worked for a month then just started to dry and deteriorate my skin -RRB- and Nutregena , I even saw a dermatologist and was given prescription strength medications lotions and even birth control for acne . None of it worked nearly as well as this . It has even started to get rid of some of the scars that past acne break outs left . I wish I had one of those before and after pictures . I encourage people to give this product a try .
 They are fast at shipping , always on time , quality is always good , you get what you pay for , and the price is always the best . I would highly recommend buying off of Amazon .
 i tried calling several dermatologists and could n't get in for 2 months ! lame . so i decided to take action before that and try this product . i 've only been using for a week and i can already see a difference . my skin is fine , no rashes or irritation . very happy with the results so far .
 should try 3 months . its same as workout . see the pics . it works for me . thanks . .
 I am almost on my 3rd week of using this product , it has greatly improved some of the areas on my face . I 'll continue to use it and hopefully it 'll take care of the rest .
 I received this product quickly and in great condition . I have had acne for over a decade and this product has cleared my skin quickly . Within a week of using the product my acne was under control . I have had one break since using it and I believe it is because I slacked off using it for a few days . Great product . Highly suggested .
 I waited 6-8 weeks before reviewing this product because I wanted to give it the entire chance before deciding if it was working or not . -LRB- The product states it may take up to 8 weeks to work fully for severe acne . -RRB- I used the product diligently , twice a day as directed , all steps . I would consider myself having moderate to severe acne -- usually peaking during PMS and less severe during the rest of the month . I am 31 years old and have had acne since a teenager . I took accutane in my early 20s but I think hormones continue to get the best of my face and it reappeared a few years later . I used Proactiv previously which seemed to help at first but quickly lost its vigor and I felt like the only thing it was good for was bleaching my towels.So I run across Acne Free which seemed to have pretty good reviews & thought it was worth a try . I started the product during PMS -LRB- which may or may not have been a good idea -RRB- . I consider myself to have sensitive skin but did n't have any problems with this product itching , peeling , redness or anything . Maybe my skin was previously conditioned by the Proactiv but it was fine nonetheless . Here is a warning for people who actually have pretty bad skin
 So I have n't used the entire system but the spot treatment is amazing ! It only took one night to reduce my giant pimple . It 's not harsh and is pretty cheap . I would recommend this to anyone who needs a fast problem solver .
 Today is my first use of this product very effective even after only just one use I recommend this product highly
 I 'm 43 , female , have had mild cystic acne off and on for 17 years , and in the last few years my go-to remedies -LRB- antibiotics and Retin-A -RRB- completely stopped working . Two months ago , my acne was getting so bad that I did n't want to leave the house . Since no `` one '' product had ever worked , I decided to try three products together , and 4 weeks later , my acne is gone . Here are the three products
 I 'm pretty young but I recently bought this product and I used it today . within the hour my skin looks less red and more clear ! MAKE SURE YOU READ THE DIRECTIONS . The directions says never to use steps 3 & 4 together so maybe that is where some people went wrong . I really suggest the product for quick results ! I hope I helped !
 With four acne prone teenagers , our family has tried just about every acne product on the market . Proactive worked well with two of our children but is rather expensive . With one son nothing worked , not even prescription meds ; that is until we tried AcneFree Severe . Everyone 's skin is different , so you may need to try several products to find something that really works for you . However , I highly recommend trying AcneFree Severe before purchasing Proactive . This product may be too strong for someone with a pimple or two , but worked wonders for a very difficult case of acne .
 I 've had chronic , painful acne for five or so years -LRB- I 'm 18 -RRB- with no improvement shown after trying various over-the-counter face washes/treatments . My doctor has prescribed oral antibiotics which did show some improvement but not for a good stretch of time . AcneFree Severe Acne Treatment has shown tremendous progress over the course of a couple months of faithful use . While it was n't as miraculous as I had hoped in terms of speed of improvement , after a significant amount of use , I 'm finding far less breakouts occurring and the ones that do crop up disappear quicker . I do n't see myself switching to any other acne treatments as the results I 've seen here have been unparalleled by anything else I 've used -LRB- that 's Proactiv included -RRB- . I 've just started using AcneFree 's Scar Fade and Erase treatment and in under a week of use I 'm seeing much improvement . I recommend this product wholeheartedly .
 I have acne that is resistant to a lot of different types of remedies , so i figured `` what do i have to lose by using a new product ? '' I went to Target and bought this AcneFree Severe Acne kit for about $ 25 , and crossed my fingers . I got home , and immediately used it . The first thing i noticed that made it awesome was that a few hours after i used it , my skin just felt better ... it was something i could tell . The next day , i could tell that this product went straight to work . I have been using it for about 2 and a half weeks , and already i have more confidence because my face has cleared up about 85 % ! i would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is tired of going through Neutrogena , Noxzema , Clearasil , etc. with little to no results . the ONLY thing that i noticed -LRB- which is contradictory to other reviews i 've seen -RRB- is that my skin is oilier pretty early on in the day , but that can be taken care of with oil-blotting sheets . = -RSB-
 For the price , I was skeptical . But I decided I had little to lose . Within 2 days my blackheads were cleared up . I have large pores and always hated the way my skin looked . My breakouts were always large and painful . Within a week my acne -LRB- and scars -RRB- were improving and my face did n't feel like an oil slick.It did dry my skin , but I used a facial lotion with a sunscreen on top of this treatment program . And honestly I 'd rather have dry , clear skin than oily acne skin . I can finally leave my house without make up on and not feel like everyone is staring at me . This product was very worth the money spent . I 'd encourage anyone to at least try it .
 I always thought that I 'd `` grow out '' of acne after my teen years , but here I am nearly 30 and still struggling with bad acne ! I 've tried it all - dermatologist cream perscriptions , proactive and all the other products that you see in the stores . I found what worked best for me was to purchase the strongest products I could find in the stores , but it never REALLY cleared up my skin.Until a few months ago when I decided to try the AcneFree Severe system . My skin is almost completely clear now ! I do still get the occasional break out , but my skin is 10X better than it has EVER been . Any pimples that I do get are typically smaller and go away faster than they used to . This stuff is awesome - it actually works!A couple warnings and tips : - AcneFree Severe is strong and it will dry out most peoples skin . I have very oily skin , but this product has helped dry out my skin greatly ! - AVOID the eye area , as that skin is extra sensitive and dries out easily.-Invest is a good moisturizer !! Use it wherever you skin gets dry . I usually only have to use it around my eyes , and sometimes on my neck.-If you wear makeup , use a make-up removing wash -LRB- non-acne-medicated -RRB- first , then wash with the acnefree cleanser . I found that the acnefree cleanser does n't remove makeup without using a LOT of it . So , wash the makeup off with a make-up removing cleanser first , then use the AcneFree system . I use L'Oreal Skin Genesis http://www.amazon.com/LOreal-Paris-Genesis-Minimize-Cleanser/dp/B001FQPPWQ/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid;=1295409617&sr;=8-7
 This product was an amazing buy for its price . My acne did n't start clearing up until about 4 weeks into the system . Although I did n't get instant results it 's the only thing that has worked for me . Less than 30 $ for Clear Skin . I believe its worth just to try .
 i am a 22 year old female and i thought i was finally done with breakouts . my skin was clear for a few years with an occasional pimple here and there that i would zap with acne spot treatment medication . however , after i started my new job , i was under a lot more stress . i started breaking out with big , painful red pimples and as soon as one would finally go away another would pop up . i was so frustrated and i hated what i saw when i looked in the mirror . i decided to pick up the acnefree severe kit from my local cvs store and thought , what the heck ? after just 3 days i noticed a difference . a pimple i had on the side of my nose cleared up overnight and my skin really started to look better . i am so happy with this product . the only downsides are it made the skin around my eyes very tight so i made sure to moisturize them all throughout the day . other than that , this product is a godsend . i tried proactive a few years ago and my acne never cleared up so i stopped and just used the basic drugstore products which worked fine . however , acnefree definitely helped alleviate my stress-caused acne and i am so thankful ! i would recommend this to anyone who has tried other products and received no results . acnefree may be just what you 're looking for : -RRB-
 I 've seen both positive and negative reviews for this product . Since twelve years old , I have had issues with acne , particularly blackheads . I tried Proactiv for six months and I did n't really notice any change in my acne . After several years , I decided a month ago to try AcneFree Severe , simply because it 's supposed to work well against stubborn cases . So far I 'm pretty impressed ; I started off with worse acne , but things have settled down . I 'm not completely clear , but much better than I was with Proactiv . It can dry out skin , so I make sure to use a moisturizer , and that eliminates it.Keep in mind , I 'm not saying Proactiv does n't work -- it does for some people , I 'm sure . But AcneFree seems to be working for me .
 This was the best acne system I have every used ! It is better than ProActive and other over the counter medicines . After one/two days you can see the blemishes starting to go down and after a week or so o using it you have virtually no or very small blamishes . I also have very sensitive skin and this caused little drying for me .
 The product is strong so be careful if you have sensitive skin . But it worked for me and my friend . The company actually refunds if your are not satisfied in anyway .
 For over a year , I have been buying this product every 11/2 months . While I still get acne breakouts even with the product , I get maybe 1-3 new breakouts a day on average vs several or over a dozen new breakouts per day when I used other products . I was on dermatologist prescribed kits that cost a fortune and tried a few different antibiotics , and it did not seem to work . I love this product.However , I noticed the price says it costs $ 63 which is horrendous.I buy it at target for $ 21.89 or cvs for $ 30 if they are sold out at target . Kmart also has it for $ 30 but you have to order it online & have them ship it to store . Even Christmas tree store has it for $ 28-29 if those 3 options are not available / if they run out.P.s . If you run out of 1 or 2 items like face wash or toner , you can buy them SEPARATELY online for cheaper & have it shipped to you . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Acnefree severe really is great and works well but I can buy it at Taget or from acnefree website for 25-30 bucks . Whats up with that !?
 I dont know what makes this so different then other things I have tried ... But it is amazing !! I have tried ever store brand , birth control , doxycycline , new make up , no make up , dieting , and so on and so forth . This was the only thing I avoided because the `` severe '' thing scared me . I used a 10 % benzyl peroxide product before and it did nothing . So why is this so amazing ? I feel stupid for waiting until now to try it.With in two days my zits were dried up , and I only have one now . I used to have around 5 at a time.I am very happy with this , most products I use work for a short time , and then my skin wins the battle with it.My skin is dry too ! I know most benzyl peroxide treatments work best for oily skin.Now my skin is soft , and smooth.Thank you Acnefree !
 I have had acne since I was 12 years old and it has become very severe in the last few years with hormones surging due to multiple pregnancies . I have been using pro-active for years and it has been useless . I have cystic acne that is extremely painful and the dermatologist had given me pills and creams that did n't seem to help the acne at all . I saw the acnefree severe product at Target and thought it could n't hurt to try one more product . I have to say it has been a miracle . My face is clear and I have n't had one cystic pimple since . I will have a little tiny pimple every one in awhile , but that 's no big deal since I am used to constant awful break outs.The product is drying so I cleanse and tone with the acnefree product in the morning and use my own moisturizer and then at night I cleanse , tone , and put the lotion on . Then the alternating night I cleanse , tone skip the lotion and use the step 4 product . You are never supposed to use step 3 the lotion and step 4 together . I do n't use their lotion in the am because it feels to gritty under makeup . The alternating seems to keep my face from drying out too bad . Use moisturizer ... it is crucial ! The products are staining to materials so be careful what you touch after applying.I ca n't tell you how excited I am about this product . I was about to go on acutane because I was so depressed about my skin . I have very oily skin so I needed something to keep it under control . I 'd recomend that everyone try it since it is very affordable and easy to find in the drug stores . No one should have to walk around feeling ashamed of their skin . I feel like I got my life back .
 Some people have bad reviews for this probably because they havent ever dealt with a medication as strong as 10 % BP thus the peeling . If you have been using BP products for a while around 5 and 10 % then you will be fine and this product will work very well for you aside from some drying . The best part about it is you can wear the repair lotion all day without ever being able to see it . Although i still have a little acne ive noticed a huge positive change in the Size and swelling as well as the amount .
 I have had acne problems for YEARS . Now , at 17 , I was really becomming irritated with my acne and nothing working . Venting out my frustrations to my mom , she found this for me . I had tried proactive as well as prescribed medicines from my dermatologist . I was a hesitant at first for buying this poduct because of the number of people who did give it a poor review . My mom and I sat down and read all of the reviews and came up with the conclusion that the majority of the people who gave it bad reviews had had progress with proactive . With that being the opposite for me as well as the product being realtivly cheap , I decided to try it . I got it later the next day from my local drug store and used it that night . The next morning , I could already tell a difference ! The redness had decreased a considerable amount , and my acne keeps going away day by day . I love this product and it is really a confidence booster .
 I have three girls , they love this product , and in the past have usedPro-active only to have dry skin , and irritation . I have set up for auto delivery , so they do not run out .
 Ive used Proactive and had awesome results but after a few months clear skin I started developing small oil bumps all over my forehead . I just assumed that I had been on it too long and my skin had gotten used to it . My sister had recommended this and we pretty much have the same type of skin ... extremely oily . I can wash my face and and hour later it looks as if I dipped it in grease . -LRB- shrug -RRB- . It worked wonders for me . I go through the toner really fast though ... -LRB- still have half of the lotion and face wash -RRB- . I definatly recommend it . I also bought the scar fighting solution they have . I use this on weekends with just a oil of olay bar to give my face a rest from the ingredients in the system that dry my face out.It also helps a little with my back and shoulder acne .
 I HAVE TRIED A LOT OF ACNE TREATMENTS OVER THE LAST YEAR THAT MY SEVERE ACNE STARTED . RODAN FIELDS UNBLEMISH , MURAD , NEUTORGENA , CLEARASIL , WEXLER , OXY , STRIDEX . PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING BUT PRO ACTIVE BECAUSE AT THE TIME IT WAS ONLY AVAILABLE ON A MONTHLY REFILL BASIS . I GAVE EACH TIME TO WORK . I WAS GETTING AT LEAST ONE PIMPLE EVERYDAY . I DECIDED TO GO BACK TO USING THE ACNE FREE SEVERE KIT , I WAS USING IT A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO ; AND IT CLEARED UP MY FACE FAST AND NO DRYNESS OR REDNESS ! MANY OF THE OTHER PRODUCTS IRRITATED AND DRYED MY SKIN SO MUCH IT WAS CRACKED AND PAINFUL ALONG WITH THE PAINFUL OUTBREAKS . I SAW IMPROVEMENT ALMOST IMMEDIATLY . I ALSO HAD CYSTIC OUTBREAKS AND THEY DID TAKE A LONG TIME TO CLEAR UP WITH THIS PRODUCT , BUT HAVE HAD NO NEW ONES SINCE STARING THE REGIMIN.FOR MY CYSTIC OUTBREAKS I STARTED USING DERMADOCTOR WRINKLE REVENGE AND BUILT UP TO LEVEL THREE . I USE IT BEFORE USING THE ACNE FREE CLEANSER . I NOW HAVE ZERO BREAKOUTS AND ZERO CYSTIC ACNE . MY FACE DOES N'T HURT FROM BREAKOUTS AND IRRITATION . UNFORTUNATELY I HAVE SCARRING FROM MY SEVERE ACNE . I WISH I WOULD HAVE TRIED THIS FIRST . BUT MY SELF ESTEEM IS THROUGH THE ROOF COMPARED TO WANTING TO PUT A BAG OVER MY HEAD A YEAR AGO . IF YOU HAVE SEVERE ACNE GIVE IT A TRY , FOLLOW DIRECIONS ON BOX . DEFINETLY WORTH A TRY THE PRICE IS REASONABLE , I SHUDDER TO THINK OF HOW MUCH MONEY I WASTED ON OTHER PRODUCTS . BEST WISHES
 This product did n't get rid off all of my acnes . Thats impassivle.But still , I can see the clear difference after I used this product . And I like it .
 I 've tried Proactiv , and multiple other OTC acne products , I tried Acnefree and it worked better than anything . I then decided to try the `` Severe '' and it is the best .
 I did n't order this offline , but I got it at my local Target . First of all I 'd liked to state , I do n't really have severe acne but I 'd occasionally get 2-3 really bad pimples and it 's so embarassing . But this helps ! I saw some results the very next day . But along with it working it causes dry skin , but nothing a little lotion could n't fix . So if you have sensitive skin I would n't really recommend this , I 'd recommend the non-severe version .
 I bought this product for my 14 year old granddaughter who had a bad case of acne and she has been using it for 10 days and her acne is almost gone . It is wonderful .
 I 've had severe acne on my back for about a year in a half . I never had it before now , so it was incredibly frustrating . I tried everything to make my body go back to normal but nothing would work and it just kept getting worse . I decided to try this product and within one week all the tiny bumps on my back are gone , the rest of it is getting smaller and smaller . This is a great product I strongly suggest it . I also started to get mild acne on my face a few months ago and it is getting smaller and less noticeable but it definitely dries out my face . I put extra moisturizer and vaseline on the worst of it which seems to be doing an okay job .
 I look like the `` after '' picture in a Proactive commercial ! Except this time the results are real!The AcneFree treatment system comes with great products that help your skin . The PH balancing part if this system is amazing and completely changed the the look and feel of my skin ! The wash works really well and leaves my face feeling clean without ruining my skin . I you have acne you know how hard it is to find a soap that does n't undo all the work your treatments are doing . The over night cream is the one step I cut out once in a while . It stops your face from drying out but occasionally leaves my face feeling slightly oily . And , of course , last but not least , the cream . I put this on my entire face , back , and chest every morning . Then I leave it in my purse and use it as a spot treatment if I feel a new breakout attempting to surface during the day . This product truly stops a zit in it 's path . I no longer feel helpless when I feel a zit coming.AcneFree uses Benzoyl Peroxide to treat you acne instead of Salicylic Acid , which is the active ingredient in many if not most of your over the counter acne treatments . I have found this to be very helpful in and of it 's self but if you 've already tried treatments with benzoyl peroxide I would still say this product is worth a try.About me and my skin
 It has cleared probably 80 % of my acne before I even finish the box . This is the only product that ever worked for me . It is not drying , not irritating . I especially like the retinol formula . I see improvement every morning I look at the mirro . Now I can see hope that my acne will be completely eliminated soon . I will continue to use this product as a preventative .
 ** I highly recommend this product ! ** Be patient with it ! Initially made my acne worse and took 6 weeks to show results , but was incredibly effective!Details : I have had moderate to severe acne for about 6-7 years . I have tried : - clindamycin-differin-tretinoin-benzoyl peroxide-birth control pills-several types of oral antibiotics-sulfacetimideMany dermatologists have recommended Accutane , but that is where I drew the line - too risky and requires blood draws every 3 weeks . After several years of ineffective prescription treatments , I just used over the counter acne products , which also did n't work but I supposed could n't hurt , and accepted the fact that I have acne and will hopefully grow out of it one day . I did n't . At 24 , getting tired of constantly worrying about my face and piling on makeup to hide it , I decided to give AcneFree Severe a shot . At first , my acne got worse !! I used it exactly as directed for a month and saw no improvement , so was beginning to be once again discouraged . BUT , the website stated that for severe acne , the product would not show results for 6-8 weeks . So I hung in there with it , and now , after about 6 weeks of using the product , MY SKIN LOOKS AMAZING ! I have not had skin this clear since high school and I 'm loving it .
 I will just start this review by saying that I do not normally write reviews . But this stuff deserves one !! I have struggled with acne since I was about 13 years old . I would say that I have mild-severe acne , although it has gotten a little better over time . One day at Target , I was browsing the Acne aisle as I normally do to try to find yet something else to try . -LRB- I have gone to the dermatologist as well , without 100 % results -RRB- . I decided to use some of my Christmas money to try AcneFree Severe . I am so happy I did !!! I have so much more confidence now ... I almost spent $ 80.00 on the Clinique Acne Solutions and am happy I tried this before hand ! In one day , my redness was gone . After about a week , my acne started to dry up and go away -LRB- without over-drying the rest of my face -RRB- . I now make sure that I use this stuff religiously morning and night !! I also bought `` The Terminator '' Which is 10 % Benzoyl Peroxide -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- as well for acne spots that come up during the day -LRB- Just be careful how much you use ... read the instructions on the box -RRB- . I would suggest anyone and everyone with mild-severe acne to try this !! It 's honestly the best I have found !! Go out and buy some ... you will be ecstatic with your results ! : -RRB-
 AcneFree product worked better than other products I used in the past . Non drying to the face . I recommend AcneFree to people who have tried other non effective acne products on their faces .
 After years of acne and being told I would have to go birth control or Acutane if I really wanted to take care of the problem , I tried this product and IT WORKED . For very little monetary cost and NO health side effects , this product took care of my acne . Anyone with acne will appreciate how much that means!I took one star off b/c after applying the Repair Lotion in the a.m. , sometimes my foundation does n't go on evenly , so that 's a little inconvenient . -LRB- Not inconvenient enough to make me stop using it ! -RRB- Highly recommend .
 If you 're like me and have been dealing with acne for several years to no avail , and have tried things like : - Sitting in the sun - All kinds of facial scrubs - LED Light Therapy - Wearing SPF forever - Avoiding Dairy/Having a clean dietYou are n't alone . I always had a white head problem around my mouth area , but it recently broke out bad all over my face for reasons I do n't know . It was always moderate but it moved to severe within 2 weeks for the first time since my teenage years . I went out on a limb and bought this product ... And wow ... It worked wonders . I 'm a very pale person and by day three alone my previous blemishes have almost disappeared entirely ! I 'm getting zero breakouts , and my skin feels smooth and soft.The only draw back so far is that my face is turning red for a couple hours after treatment like I have a mild sunburn . Even burns a little . But from other reviews I hear it just passes , and if you 're like me , you 'll do just about anything.Would recommend to anyone with two thumbs up . If nothing else worked and you ca n't afford accutane , try this out . Seriously .
 Been using this product for a few week and my face looks its best in years . Ive been using proactiv for a while and I was n't getting the reults I hoped for , this product went beyond expectations . Highly recommended .
 Truthfully , it 's the best over-the-counter acne treatment Ive used to date . I 've tried proactive and basically everything else . It does dry out your face a bit , but I have super oily skin so that is n't an issue for me . Only complaint I have is when I get busy or do n't stay at my place , thus forget/can ' t use the treatment as recommended - I feel like I suddenly break out . Seriously , I went out of town for a weekend and forgot it , and by Sunday my face looked worse than it had in years , worse than before I had even started using it ... bottom line . if you do n't have issues with dry skin you will probably love it , but just do n't stop using then ... ha .
 I 've found this product effective for treating acne on my face . There is not much salicylic acid in this product but I did find that if I do n't balance it out with a moisturizer each night , my skin will get overly dry within a few days . I have been using Tea Tree oil each night before going to bed ,100 % Australian Tea Tree Oil + FREE Blemish Roll-on Stick with Tea Tree Oiland then using the AcneFree System in the morning . My face has been glowing ever since without a pimple anywhere in sight !
 * Edit 12/28/2012 * This is a look at my 2 years of experience with AcneFree Severe . I found this product because I was looking for a wallet friendly alternative to controlling acne besides accutane or seeing a dermatologist . I want to help you understand the effects of this product but I 'll also talk about my routine and I how I use it . -LRB- STEP 1 -RRB- The Antibacterial Cleansing WashThe Antibacterial Wash has Benzoyl peroxide in it which is the standard for fighting acne causing bacteria . Keep this in mind
 I started getting acne in my early 30 's . I tried so many acne systems over 9 years -LRB- I 'm 39 now -RRB- , including Pro Activ and nothing worked - until now ! I put off adding a review right away -LRB- even though I noticed results immediately -RRB- because I wanted to be sure I was going to have positive results long term . I 've been using Acne Free Severe for about 6 weeks now and could n't be happier . Immediately , it started to heal the pimples I had -LRB- large cyst like pimples -RRB- . And , it keeps new pimples from appearing . Before using Acne Free it seemed like each morning , I woke with a new red spot on my face . I used to run to the mirror as soon as I got up to see what was there , now I am rest assured to only find a clear , smooth face ! Not only did it clear my pimples , but it has really started to repair damage done from pimples I 've had in the past . I have experienced NO dryness and no redness ! But , you should only use this if you truly have `` severe '' acne and severely oily skin . I always seem to run out of the toner before the rest of the products . Saw a you tube video where a customer recommends using witch hazel as toner until the other 3 products run out ! Was glad for that tip and thought I 'd share . I 'm so grateful for this product !!!!!!!
 Since my 20 's I 've struggled with cystic acne -LRB- I 'm now 48 -RRB- , with bouts of one to two cysts at any given time . Usually one is healing while a new one is forming . They are painful , disfiguring and slow to heal . Took 2 rounds of Accutane which was supposed to cure me , but did n't . I 've developed my own `` surgical '' intervention when possible , but the cyst has to follow a specific pattern to open with a sterile needle . If all else fails I go to the dermatologist for a steroid shot . For some reason , I 've gone through a worse episode than normal so I bought AcneFree on 5/21 I 'm four weeks in and this last week my face has begun to clear - no new cysts and the old ones healing more quickly than usual . In addition , the quality of my skin is improving . I 'm also pleased that I 've not experienced extreme dryness as others report . So far I am a happy customer.July 28th , 2009 update - still no new blemishes . Face is clear for the 1st time in months . Still a happy customer .
 I only started breaking out with acne in my early thirties . After trying the Loreal adult acne system for 2 months & Proactiv for 6 months with minimal results , I decided to give this a try . Yes , it made my skin very dry the first few weeks but I used a moisturizer over it kept using it and got fantastic results . I had the hard , large painful nodules on my face and this not only cleared them but I do n't even break out anymore . One kit lasted me 6 months and my skin is soft & smooth . After the acne went it away , it did leave behind the black marks but Avon 's skin brightener faded those out almost overnight . I highly recommend this product .
 I am 22 and have batteling acne on and off since I was 14 . During that time I have tried everythng including Proactiv ... which really , dont waste your money ! I was basically best friends with my dermatolgist who knew that my skin would need something new every other year , due to its becoming immuned to the medicine after awhile . But after m insurance got cancelled my acne medication prices sky rocketed ... so I decided to play the over the counter game till I got insurance again.I spent a few hours looking up my skin type online ... I looked up all the active ingredients of most acne medications and then spent a few hours in CVS reading the packaging over every acne clearing medicine on the shelf . This is the one I settled on seeing that it had the strongest chemicals in a single system than anything else . I bought with it the acnefree sulfur mask and after 2 months bought the acnefree scar fading cream . I also own an exfoliator by St. Ives , a cucumber rejuvenating peel-off mask and use Neutrogena Acne free foundation when I put make up on -LRB- it has saylic acid in it , one of the low doses of acne treatment -RRB- . With this particular combination of things I have been acne free . It is a long a process and my skin needs so many products to stay healthy and not have a break out ... but this product really is the best ... I noticed it working after 2 weeks.Here are some tips I have had to find out the hard way about acne breakouts :1 . The number one thing I have to advice girls to do is to start a birth control pill or patch . The moment I stop my acne flares very badly . It takes about 3 months for it to show up on your skin , but its the best way to regulate skin condition .2 . If you get cheeck acne like I do ... pay attention to cleaning your cell phone often ... or putting it on speaker as often as possible , of just holding it a bit away from your face when you talk .3 . Clean your pillow cases as often as you can ! Think about it ... your laying with your face and hair smooshed against something for 8 hours at a time .4 . Keep your hair back when ever you cantieing it back and pulling back bangs ... just styled your hair and do n't want a big rubber band kink in it ? Just use a piece of ribbon and pull it back gently till your ready to go out and just use a small bobby pin to pull the bangs . -LRB- Not only does your hair lock in oils ... but think of all those chemicals you spray in it that rubs off on your face ! -RRB- 5 . Avoid putting on make up till you really need to ... I highly highly highly recommend Neutrogenas Liquid Foundation that actually has acne medicine it . You can find it at your local drug store ... this is the only kind of make up that dosnt cause a break out of any sort .6 . Touch your face as little as possible during the day .7 . Watch what you eat . Some people say chocolate ... but I swear for me its shrimp ! But I guess for different people really you can have different reactions ... but shrimp will cause a flare up within a day ... they are bottom feeders ... so I am just eating the dirt that they eat off the bottom of the ocean .8 . Try a skin vitamin ! Vit . E , Biotin , and flax will really help skin a lot ! Anything with omegas in it makes skin and hair stronger and healthier . I love Avacados!Those are my tips ... I am just a normal person who has been very observant of my skin and have made coorelations between breakouts and the things I have done ... it dos n't hurt to make your own diary and mark your own findings . : -RRB-
 I 've been only using this product for a week now and it seems to be working well . I 'm nervous to get too optimistic because products tend to work for a while and then stop on me . I will have to update this review in a month.Overall I would say that I have moderate acne , with cystic acne flare ups . many small bumps under the skin that do n't become full fledged white heads , uneven skin texture and color , but not much scarring . I started the program with three nodules that have seemed to calm down quite a bit . What I have noticed is the discoloration from past acne flareups seems to be fading which I am very happy about.I have not had any sensitivities to the product . I like the combination of calming , natural ingredients in the composition of each product . I had tried Pro active in the past and it did not work for me , but I think I needed something a little stronger . I am hoping that this combination will work better for me.Good price , and I like that it 's available at the store ... Though I had to go to three stores to find it ! Guess it must work well if it 's getting sold out . May be easier to order on line in the future , but I wanted to try it right away to see if it worked .
 First off I want to explain that I have had terrible acne off and on -LRB- mostly on though -RRB- for the past 8 years . I had to be put on Accutane my sophmore year for 6 months in high school and then again my freshman year of college for another 3 months . I have been struggling ever since then and needed an alternative to dermatoligist bills and prescriptions for acne treatment.I was having extremely painful and frequent breakouts in the later half of last year and in early November I happened to stumble upon this product . I had my doubts because I had already given Proactiv a couple of tries in the past.The first week of using the 4 products in the package my face became EXTREMELY dry ! At first I was worried because it would always be a little red and irritated for the first hour or two after going through the routine . However , within 4 days ALL of my blemishes -LRB- big and small -RRB- had cleared up ! Within a couple of weeks my skin even became smoother , softer , and more even-toned . Trust me , if you have problem skin and want to try something new , this product is definitely worth a shot!Also , I love that you can buy this in pretty much any Walgreens and Walmart so it 's very convenient ... no waiting for it to be delivered . I purhased mine at Walmart for $ 20-something in November 2006 and still have more than half remaining of each product in the pack.Thank you University Medical for making an affordable product that actually works ! Best of luck to all of you who are struggling with acne ... and do n't mark this one off your list !
 Let me start this out by stating that I am in my 30 's and have tried every acne product known to man for about 15 years . I have seen a dermatologist , resorted to birth control and used everything from neutrogena to murad , as well as proactiv . None of these worked for me , and most actually made my skin worse.When you 're in your 30 's and are STILL dealing with acne , you start to wish for wrinkles , because who has wrinkles and acne , right ?!?! I was starting to think I would be one of the few dealing with both , and that was a pretty depressing prospect.I usually check out reviews on everything before I buy it , but when I saw this product at target , and saw that it was marketed specifically for severe acne , I bought it without knowing a thing about it -LRB- sidenote
 I 'll start with a little background about me . I have had acne issues since I turned 16 . I only really had it on my face but I got a lot of it and they never really seemed to go away . My breakouts would mostly be on my cheeks , chin , forehead and around the edges of my nose . I took many trips to the dermatologist 's office with him promising me one day where I 'd have clear skin like the Photoshopped models that were hanging all over his wall.My family knew too many people that were on Accutane that had issues with it so I never got to try that remedy . My immune system is horrible and that 's half of what my problem was -LRB- or so I think -RRB- . My immune system got bad throughout my life from having too many antibiotics . It got to the point where the antibiotics were also killing my good bacteria so common colds would even take me 1 month or more to get rid of.I did , however , try multiple solutions in high school to fix my acne-related issues . I tried pills , topical creams , lotions , special face wash , mud masks -LRB- I 'm a guy so this was awkward -RRB- , even my girlfriend 's concealer to try to cover up the issue . I was determined to get rid of it but nothing was working . I figured my only true way out was to grow out of it or get some kind of laser skin treatment.I 'm very tall at 6 ' 8 '' and I have very large pores . My skin is very oily and where some guys have a 5 ' o clock shadow I have a 5 ' o clock glaze . When I finally got the ability to start growing facial hair it was helpful in covering up some key areas of my face . After college , my skin seemed to start improving . Maybe I was in the sun more , maybe my diet improved , maybe I was just finally growing out of acne . It was never great or gone but it seemed to at least finally be manageable.Fast-forward to 2 months ago . I 'm 29 and living the healthiest life I 've had in as long as I can remember . I 'm finally eating 3 meals a day -LRB- compared to 1 -RRB- , eating less junk food , drinking less pop -LRB- soda -RRB- and yet somehow I got hit by the worst breakout of my life . At one point in the midst of this breakout I counted 35 separate zits or red spots on my face . Some started as white heads , some were just red bumps , some just red marks but the key point was that none of them were going away . I 'd pop the white heads and within 2 days they would be full-size again and now spreading like an infection across my face.Hiding it was not a possibility anymore . There was no makeup or magic solution to fix this problem . I had no idea and still have no idea what the root of the problem was ... I just needed to find a way to get rid of it . I got a face wash/lotion combination called Rapid Clear from Neutrogena that was supposed to help bad breakouts like this one . I went through that tube of face wash faster than I ever had before in my life -LRB- washing my face 3 times a day -RRB- and using the lotion when specified.After one month of using this special combination I barely noticed any kind of difference . What else could I try ? I happened to be at Wal-Greens one day about 5 weeks ago and saw the AcneFree Severe to Clear System and bought it for $ 30 after reading some quick reviews . I know what you 're thinking ... after all this it 's time to finally get to the review!A lot of people mentioned how quick they noticed a difference and for me it was the same way . I was completely blown away . After just 2 days I already began to notice that the overall redness was diminishing and I did not seem to be getting any new red spots on my face . Now it was time to see if the system could clear up the monstrosity that my face became . I followed the directions and used it exactly as prescribed for 3 + weeks . My skin is very oily , as mentioned earlier , but apparently not very sensitive . I never had any issues with my skin feeling like it was burning , nothing ever felt like it was on fire -LRB- no matter how close I got to my eyes -RRB- and my skin did not dry out anymore than usual . We have hard water at my house so my skin is always dry when I get out of the shower.I love how this system has 4 separate parts that you can use whenever you want . Granted , you 'll definitely run out of the face wash a lot sooner than everything else but by that point you should be able to just use a regular face wash again . So how good was it ? -- After 2 days , I noticed redness going away . -- After 1 week , I noticed swelling dying down . -- After 2 weeks , I noticed entire sections of my face starting to heal . -- After 3 weeks , I noticed my skin feeling the softest and smoothest it 's been since before hitting puberty . -- After 5 weeks and current time , I notice that I 'm no longer needing facial hair to cover anything up on my face . This is by far the best my skin has ever looked in my adult life . For the first time ever that I can remember , I can walk out of my house with confidence in how my skin looks . A `` breakout '' for me now means one whitehead that goes away in 2 days . I wish I could show pictures of what my skin looked like before and what it looks like now.Words truly ca n't explain how satisfied I am about this product . It 's the only thing that actually worked and it seems to have even `` cured '' whatever skin infection I 've been dealing with since I was 16 . You can buy this system in some places for $ 20 and for the price of an average dinner , drink , & dessert at a decent restaurant you can get the best looking skin in your life!I only write reviews for products that I either COMPLETELY LOVE or COMPLETELY HATE . This is one of those things that I wish I could give 6 stars out of 5 . I feel bad for the people that did not get the same results but I can definitely attest to the fact that it DOES work for some people . Absolutely incredible !
 For all those ppl out there with systic acne this is a God sent . I had breakouts in my t zone constantly . Along with my lower neck plus those horrible bulbs of deep acne thay would leav my face with giant bruises and purple knots . After using this for three Weeks the results where amazing but still not what I wanted . I still had breakouts and I was determined to have perfect skin . So I began mixing this product with others . -LRB- yes I know your not supposed to -RRB- but I did find the perfect combonation for my skin and hopefully someone elses as well . First step is to throw away step 1 -LRB- the facial cleanser -RRB- and replace it with morning burst detoxifying facial wash . Use everything else as directed and add terminator 10 -LRB- an acne cream distributed by acne free -RRB- . I used this combo for about four Weeks mind you my skin did get really dry the third week . To curb that I bought some cheap non oil bassed lotion from target and cacked on my face at night before I went to bed . witch cleared it right up . I have know been using acne free for four months and like the name I am acne free and know I only use the terminator 10 to keep my acne under control only using the full regimen once a week and my skin is covergirl commercial flawless . I will forever use this product ! And on a side not the L'oreal youth code dark spot corrector works incredible well with acne free .
 I 've been suffering from acne since puberty but the condition worsened to become cystic close to a year ago . I 've tried everything from dermatologists to every OTC medication and topical on the marke with varying degrees of success . Nothing worked better than this . I woke up to 10-15 active cysts and whiteheads and used this product in desperation . Within 4 days I noticed a huge difference in the condition of my skin . Within 1 week my face was approximately 95 % clear of acne.I still have the dark spots which take forever to clear , which is typical for African - Americans . I do warn people to find an excellent non-comedogenic moisturizer and commitment to drinking tons of water prior to starting use of this product . I have extremely oily skin and still suffered through painfully dry skin through the first week of use . Whatever you do , do NOT use this product within an inch of your eyes .
 I had severe acne since I was 10 years old . It 's been over a decade and my skin keeps having break-out . It never stopped and I was hopeless . I have tried many products , including Proactiv and the regular AcneFree for the last decade . However , nothing really worked , until I found it . Why did I not find it earlier ?! Why did I wait this long to see it after my skin has been damaged by acne scars . All the acne is gone , I mean , seriously my skin is completely clean ! Guys , just try it once , just once and see how it will change your confidence and smile . Make sure you use the Toner and the Moisturizer !
 Bought this for my nephew , he tried everything over the counter.This one really worked for him-and it was the only one . In 3 days his face was clean . He loves it !
 I LOVE this product . I 'm 21 and I have a moderate amount of acne . I tried this product first -LRB- other than different types of soaps and cleaners -RRB- and it worked VERY well . I was thrilled with it . After a while i found some proactiv on a major sale so I figured I 'd try it out . I do n't think it worked nearly as well as this product . plus this one smells better . you also get more with this product than proactiv . Hands down , i 'd buy this over proactiv and I 'd suggest it to friends and family .
 The only OTC product that really works for my 17 year old son ! He plays football and after hours in a dirty , sweaty helmet , his chin and forehead would be awful , just covered in pimples . We had tried so many other products , including ProActive , and this system is the best . We have been using AcneFree Severe for over a year now and it really works . He did have a little burning and drying at first , but only for the first few days . It is like night and day . I can tell when he slacks off and does n't do all 4 steps , because he will start breaking out . But once he starts using the this product as directed , all 4 steps , twice a day , his skin clears up . His skin looks really great and his confidence has grown . If you have sensitive skin , I would try the regular version or the sensitive skin version of AcneFree . I was purchasing this at our local WalMart $ 22 , but I am going to start using the subscribe and save option to get it for $ 18.97 and ship it to him when he goes off to college next year .
 This works great , I 've seen results after the first use . It 's 1000x better than proactive or anything else I 've used . But I got really sick and stopped using it for a few days -LRB- unrelated to this -RRB- , and during that time the results stayed that way.Also , you CAN NOT use this product if you are 13 weeks or less pregnant because of what 's in the product . It will harm the babys muscle growth . I found this out when my sister took the kit to the doctors to see if she would be able to use this .
 This stuff is a lifesaver , hands down . I am 33 and have moderate adult acne . For the past three years I have been seeing a dermatologist and have been on Epiduo , Retin-A , Tarzorac , oral antibiotics , you name it . I have also tried ProActive and Skin ID . I was afraid my only resort would be to go back on Accutane . Accutane treated my acne as kid , and I was acne-free for years , but they say that people often have to do a second round of treatment 10 - 15 years later . Well , that 's me . The problem is that the side effects can be horrible , it has been linked to Chrohn 's disease and you have to wait a long time after treatment before you can try to have kids . With my wedding less than a year away , I was desperate.I decided to try this product , and WOW ! It took about two and a half weeks or so before I really noticed a huge difference . Now I am practically acne-free ! This stuff is drying , so I often use a non-comedogenic moisturizer after the toner step to help offset the drying . Now that I am pretty much clear , I only use the products every couple days , using milder alternatives in between.My acne is not the kind that causes massive scars , but rather is just the small persistent bumpy kind . I tried the severe acne formula first because nothing else seemed to be working on the persistent buggers and I wanted a strong first attack . Now I may switch to the milder formula for maintenance.I strongly suggest anyone who is desperate for acne relief to try this product . I also bought the AcneFree Therapeutic Sulfur Mask and use it once or twice a week . I can feel a difference after using it and I do believe it helped in healing my acne substantially.I can not tell you how relieved I am that I have a chance of walking down the aisle acne-free . I was so upset with how my skin looked before this product , and now my confidence is back up and I am excited again !
 I have been trying different products for face acne for several years now , including a prescription from a dermatologist . This is probably the most effective thing I 've tried yet . Sometimes I have to use a lotion , to counteract the drying out of skin , but it still seems to be doing something . It seems to last a fair amount of time , maybe 2 months for one person , for the cost of it . You will also need cottonballs to apply one of the tubes that comes in it .
 I bought this for my brother . He has always had bad breakouts . After only a week , I could tell it was working ! I could see more skin than redness on his face . It seems to be working !
 I am 21 years old and have struggled with acne most of my life . I had my acne under control with Benzamycin , a product prescribed by my dermatologist when I was 13 . However , it began getting worse over the past year , and spiraled out of control when I stopped using Benzamycin and tried to fill in with OTC products . Unfortunately , when I went back on the Benzamycin it no longer worked to clear up the acne.This product has done WONDERS for my face . In several weeks the product cleared up the cystic acne I had all over my chin and lightened the scars from old spots at the same time . Not only does it lighten old scars , but it seems to reduce the amount of scarring of `` new '' acne . New is in quotations because , while I do still have acne coming in , I believe that most of the pimples that are showing up on my face are from cysts that were under the skin for a long time and beginning to surface . I do use this product in combination with another retinol product , Atralin , which is prescribed by my dermatologist.I would like to emphasize that this has made a difference in my cystic acne . I was diagnosed with PCOS this year , and am fairly certain that the acne I struggle with is a result of hormonal imbalances . While this may not work for everyone 's hormonal acne , I think it is worth a shot if you are struggling with moderate cystic acne.The only downside to this product is it does cause your face to dry out , and you will need a good moisturizer . My face feels a lot better , but sometimes I look in the mirror and I have dried skin all over my chin ! Its a little embarrassing , but I 'd rather have that then struggle with acne everyday . It seems to be a harsh product , but if you can stand the burning over the first few uses and are willing to accept drier skin , try this product !!! I purchased this product after reading the reviews as a last resort , and I do not regret it ! I only hope that it continues to work and my body does n't build up a tolerance to it . AcneFree Severe may not be or everyone , but it has certainly worked for me . It has not completely cleared my face , but made a significant difference in a few weeks , and continues to make a difference after approximately 7-8 weeks . I liked it so much that I felt like I had to go out of my way to write a review - a first for me!Just a side note - I bought this at a local Meijer for $ 24.99 . The companies selling on Amazon seem to have higher prices for this item , so you may be able to find a better value at your local supermarket .
 It really did helped clear the acne that I had . My only complaint is that it really dried out my skin and gave me flakes , but I guess that 's to be expected from a severe acne treatment .
 This product is much cheaper than Proactive and works just as well . I recommend this product . It 's so much more affordable and comes with the 4th product . Be sure to always use sunscreen with either this stuff or with Proactive . Sunscreen should always be the 4th step .
 After having spent `` too much money with dermatologist '' . My 17 year son bought this out of desperation on one of our vacations . The results have been amazing !!!! Unfortunately it is not available where we live so I have to buy it on line .
 I am 31 years old and I have suffered from terrible acne since my early teens . I have tried every kind of product out there including both doctor-prescribed and over-the-counter . Nothing has ever cleared up my acne until I tried this product . This is the clearest my skin has ever been in my entire life !!! I also bought the AcneFree Terminator 10 spot treatment to treat specific breakouts . I think this is the cheapest The only drawback is the benzoyl peroxide will take the color out of your bed sheets , towels , and clothes . Other than that , I could n't be happier ! This product has been life-changing for me !!!!! Better yet , it 's one of the cheapest acne systems out there !!
 I just bought this product because I was really breaking out everywhere , making it very embarrasing when working in a medical environment and just being around family . I have tried various products , and none have worked for me . I bought this product and have used it for about 18 hours and my face is really much more clear . I had painful nodules on my face and they are practically gone . The swelling is gone and less painful . I have used this product 3 times and It works just as it says . Results seen by next day . I love it , and you will too !!
 I 've had acne for years , but the past year it has become worse -LRB- painful nodules -RRB- . I tried ProActiv for about a year with minimal results . I came across this product at Target and decided to try it -LRB- for 1/3 the price of ProActiv -RRB- and I am so glad I did . It has dramatically changed my skin 's appearance as well as my confidence ! I am very happy with this product .
 This product is great . Takes a time to get use to and will make face a little red . But pimples and black heads leaving .
 Great product , it gives the same feeling as proactiv in which your skin becomes smooth and soft . At first I was scared to use it because i seen a couple reviews that said it burned their skin and made their face red . None of this happened to me , i guess only if you have an allergic reaction or really sensitive skin . I started to see results in a couple days and i like the fact that it did not make my skin dry . Better than proactiv because you wont keep getting billed every month , you can order it when you need . The price is also reasonable and worthy .
 My son has tried every product on the shelves and also a number of prescription drugs and creams . Nothing helped . I bought him AcneFree Severe Acne Treatment and his face has cleared up within a week . I 'm amazed ! I 've spent hundreds of dollars at dermatoligists that could n't help ! I highly recommend this product . My daughers , who do n't have severe acne , love the regular AcneFree Treatment system . They do n't need the severe product .
 I 've pretty much used everything , but nothing worked , until I tried out this product . My T-zone is oily , but the rest of my face is a bit on the dry side , so when I first used this product it dried out my face so much to the point it stung really badly . So I decided to just use the soap on my T-zone for a while , and I got used to it - now i can use it on my whole face , but I only use it on my T-zone bc that 's only where I have acne problems . Anyways , this product actually works . I give it 5 stars because it cleared up my face , something I 've been longing for for over 3 years . I am so happy .
 OMG ! I love this stuff . I 've tried alot of different things , and at first they all would work . I am one of those people that gets those mounds on their face . I do n't get just a little pimple , they are almost like boils . They 're marble size , red , irritated . And I ca n't stop touching them , which makes them worse . I 've done Clinique 's 3 step system , neutrogena , clearasil , noxema , and the original Acne free . At first my skin gets clear , and tighter , not as oily . But after a month or so , it 's back to bad skin . Just not as bad . This stuff I 've been using for about 2 months and I love it . My skin is clear , it 's not as oily , I actually have people tell me how good my skin looks ! I have n't heard that since I was a teenager -LRB- I 'm 30 now -RRB- . At first this stuff was kinda strong and irritated my skin . I just use the soap at night and noxema in the morning . I do the toner in the am and pm , with the lotion . Ca n't say enough good about this stuff .
 My skin is very oily and in the summer prone to severe acne . I researched many products and decided to give this a try ... so far I am very satisfied ! I tried Salycic Acid in Clearskin , Clearisil , and Oxy and they all failed . So I was convinced my next step would be benzyol peroxide . Within after the first day my red blemishes stopped hurtin and began to dimish Quickly ! It 's been exactly 7 days and I do not have a new pimple at all . My oily skin slowly but surely has decreased a little.NOTE
 I suffered from moderate to severe acne for YEARS . I tried every product on the market - Clean & Clear , Proactiv , Neutrogena , Murad and even insanely over-priced Dermalogica . I had mainly white heads , with a few cystic bumbs . I also had DOZENS of tiny bumps on my forehead . I tried steaming my face a lot , applying clay masques , different vitamins , drinking apple cider vinegar -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- , and watching what I ate . No matter what I did , there was no change in the appearance of my skin.I then discovered this kit . I used it morning and night ... simple enough . At first it did n't seem to be working , all it did was dry out my skin a lot . However , after about 2 weeks of religiously using this product , my skin was clearing up ... FAST . My acne scars were fading and the amount of acne I had diminished by half by the 3rd week . It is so simple to use , as well . -- Step One
 I LOVE this stuff . Within minutes of putting it on my skin starts clearing it up . However , I do NOT have severe acne . I do n't know how it would work with that .
 Bought this product for my son , and he reports that it works very well . My only complaint is that the smallest bottle of lotion runs out -LRB- at least for him -RRB- long before the other bottles in the set . But this seems true of all these types of products . The cleanser and astringent will easily last the month , but the acne lotion only lasts half that long . Still , he has asked me to buy this particular brand again .
 Plain and simple , this product works . Im 33 and have been dealing with acne forever . Ive tried everything but Accutane .
 This acne system works great on my skin ! At first I was worried because it seemed to be making me break out even more than I already did , but after about 2 weeks , my skin has completely cleared up ! It seemed to bring every blemish I had to the surface , but I just continued to do the steps and eventually it worked great ! What I like best about this is that it got rid of the blackheads as well . I have tried almost everything -LRB- ProActive , Skin ID , Clean & Clear , Clearasil Acne , etc. -RRB- and this has worked the best for me !
 I have been using the product for a few weeks upon the first few days of use I notice my skin was not as oily as normal and does not shine as much as it normally would . I have noticed my skin is a lot smoother and is very effective on picking up dead skin that causes the skin to feel smoother which is always a good thing you want for you skin and any acne products you use !
 I want to start out by saying I do n't have severe acne all over my face just my chin mainly . Nothing completely got rid of it . I decided to try this based on the reviews . I got it at target for $ 21 dollars . I have been using this for 3 days and I can truly say that I can already seen a difference . The only down side is that this product is a bit drying but nothing a little moisturizer ca n't fix . Hopefully it will totally clear up completely . I would buy this product again .
 My sister recommended this to me a long time ago , and then this Fall I relented and bought this instead of Neutrogena Advanced Solutions -LRB- which I 'd been using with some success for 2 years -RRB- . I am amazed at the difference . The retinol can be over-drying if it 's used every night , at least that was the case for me . But , if I follow through with each step and keep up the routine , my face is quite clear . This works better for me than the stuff I was getting from the doctors . I give it 2 thumbs up !
 Love the fancy hairstick ! Will buy more in the future . Item was shipped promptly and well packaged . Thanks LongHair Girl !
 I used this lotion as a prevention for stretch marks while I was pregnant . I used it almost daily , and did not get one stretch mark while I was pregnant . My family all gets stretch marks very easily , so I was very susceptible myself to getting them . But this lotion , I believe , was able to prevent them , and my stomach looks as good as before I was pregnant : -RRB-
 My only complaint is that I thought the stick would be longer . On the single stick items , the lenght is about 6in . The decorative end is quite ornate and lovely , but they are small . It may get a little lost in your hair.It takes some practice to figure out how to use one of these , but they do work . As long as you are not jumping arond or head banging it will hold appropriately even though it is slick . My own hair is long and very fine and it still does its job .
 Love the fancy hairstick ! Will buy more in the future . Item was shipped promptly and well packaged . Thanks LongHair Girl !
 I 've got what they call angel-thin aka superfine hair so finding hair-sticks that will stay in my hair is a pain . I ordered this one on a whim about a year ago , and it 's now my absolute favorite ! Very durable , and tends to slip around less then the thicker ones . And it 's pretty to boot !
 I 've been lightening and bleaching my hair for years , and I 've tried tons of different blonde dyes . My favorite blonde dye was discontinued recently so I thought I 'd give Garnier Nutrisse Extra Light Natural Blonde a try and I 'm SO glad I did ! It lifted my dark brown roots sooooo well , to the perfect shade of blonde without being brassy or orange-ish . I even put it on my ends over previously dyed hair , and it gave my whole head of hair a very uniform gorgeous blonde look . I love this color and will definitely be using it in the future !
 Just ordered this about a week ago , recieved it two days ago . I bought this because I wanted to lighten my medium auburn colored hair but I did n't want to bleach my hair . I was n't expecting to turn out the light blonde color shown on the box because I knew no hair dye could do that when my previous hair color and the shade of this are so different . Anyway , it did lighten alot and I 'm now back to my strawberry blonde hair color . Works great !
 ... I love this shade of blonde . I have tried so many different brands , and I had my hair colored at the salon . For some reason , at the salon they often do a sloppy job -LRB- miss parts , especially near the ears -RRB- , and the color seems to turn out different every time.With this hair color I get the same beautiful shade of blonde every single time I color my hair . I always just color the new growth because I do n't want to damage the delicate ends , and the freshly colored hair blends beautifully.I have subscribed to this product to make sure I get it delivered on time once a month . : -RRB- I highly recommend this product . It is a clean , gorgeous light blond , without being ashy or coppery at all ...
 I love this color ... especially for the holiday season , including the onset of a new year !!! Thank you very much for this new color !
 Garnier Nutrisse Hair color , 100 Extra-light Natural Blonde Chamomile is a decent product ! I like the color it makes my otherwise dark blonde hair . It looks to me to have a ` champagne '' tint . I used to use Loreal hair color but was getting a bad skin rash on my scalp . It seems Garnier Nutrisse hair color is more gentle . I 'm generally pleased with this hair color and will continue to use it .
 I loved this product . Worked great . Hair looked nice and shiny afterwards and still looks bright weeks later.Love Garnier never been disapointing by them . They live up to their
 This is hands down the best hair color & product for it I have used . Great light blonde color & the condition oil you add to the color is great I have been able to grow my hair long from shoulder length to my waist all the time using this product . Not true of other hair dyes I 've used & I 've used many !
 This brand of haircolor was exceptionally gentle on my hair , which because of the chamomile in it and will use it again !
 It 's been around for over 200 years . R&G must be doing something right , eh ? I have a tough time getting enough of this one . It 's light , dressy , sophisticated , elegant - yet goes with casual as well as the dressiest situations . Smells more like men 's cologne to me , though I can understand if women like it too . Very short-lasting on skin , no more than 30 minutes or so . Evolves quickly from fresh citrusy to herbaceous to a very pleasant musky base note . Try the soap too - get the large , 5.2 oz size . It 's great soap , nice lather , kind to your skin .
 I 've never been much of a fan of cheap makeup , especially when it comes to mascara . More often than not , its quality is well matched to its price
 I love Max Factor waterproof mascara , but it is n't manufactured in the U.S. anymore . It is hard to find , and the prices are high , but for now I will still pay it . I ordered four tubes and the plastic wrap on two of them were opened . I hope this does n't mean the tubes are used or old . As long as I can afford it , I will keep ordering this product .
 I use Covermark FM just for under-eye circles -- it works better than other cover products and I have tried them all from department store counters to drugstore products . Covermark FM is very creamy so you can dab it into the skin and it stays all day . I do n't use the powder . The downside is picking a color -- the only way is to purchase a `` sample '' at $ 5 a color for which you will receive a tiny container . I ordered 3 samples in the color range I thought I needed and was able to make the perfect pick . So add that cost to the product 's cost which is not that high -- it lasts a long time . I probably would not want to use this as my overall foundation unless I had severe cover problems . However , you could mix it with moisturizer -- that would lessen the thickness and you would still get pigment coverage superior to other makeup .
 I was born with a port wine stain birthmark right above my upper lip . It is very dark red about the size of the end oy my thumb . I was so embarrased by the mark growing up . I was so thankful when I found Covermark . I mix the True Beige cover up with the shading cream to make the color I need . I then set it with the powder . It is a great spot concealer . I do n't use this as a foundation . I have been to my dermatologist a lot over the last six years and he did not even notice the mark . He was so surprised when my makeup was wiped off in his office . Covermark has really made my lving with a port wine birthmark a lot easier .
 I had my daughter and she left a battle field behind on my tummy . My mom bought this as a welcome home basket . I used it , almost regularly and my stretch marks decreased by 90 % . It fades to almost no color and heals the minor damage.I recommend this to anyone I know that is in need of inexpensive help . The best part , it even smells great !
 The reason I did n't give 5 stars it 's because I 'm still using it , but so far I could see a very good improvement on my stretch marks , but , it takes time to fade them completely . I 'm very pleased with this product and I 'll keep it up using .
 Wonderful product . I 've used Covermark for about 35 years . It cover 's my birthmark wonderfully . last all day , and is waterproof . For the price , it 's the best one on the market .
 I 've used this product for about 20 years and still love it . I have a large facial port wine birthmark , and it 's the only conceler that has worked to cover it completly . It 's water proof for swimming , easy to apply , and a small jar lasts for about 3 months . The only thing I do n't like about it is how thick it is . But to get the coverage I need for such a dark birthmark , it is needed . I can apply thinner layers for lighter spots but have to apply it fairly heavy for my darker area 's . So it looks kind of caked . This company makes a liquid type , that may work with an cosmetic airbrush . I hope to try it someday to see if it will cover and yet not looked so heavy on my darker areas . Overall , the cream in the jar is excellent and I have tried just about all the different brands on the market for birthmarks and still go back to this one .
 this is an excellent make up , I have vitiligo and I have been using this for more than 10 years and people dont even know about my skin problem because of this makeup , I usually buy the dark brown color and also the white and I mix both to obtain my exact skin tone .
 Could n't find the right size anywhere in beauty supply and other retail stores . Amazon found it for me quickly , it arrived in a couple of days and works great . Even has an address to send for an extra spring , which is all that ever breaks .
 This curling iron is great because of the 5/8 barrel.Its perfect for fine medium length hair.Why this size is so hard to find is beyond me ... Helen of Troy makes the best curling iron have replaced most of mine with Helen of Troy . . Received the product quickly and will re-order in the near future for other beauty products .
 Helen of Troy Chrome Mega 1-1/4 '' Curling Iron.I 'm happy with the way it curls , it gets very hot.curls stay in for ages .
 I love this product because it blends into your skin , yet covers all blemishes . It is n't greasy , but it is n't dry either - I highly recommend it .
 I have had issues with psoriasis on my scalp for years . After seeing many dermatologists and using a ton of different prescriptions , I stumbled on Mg217 at CVS and decided to try it . It was amazing . My hair stylist had to know what it was that worked so well . Now she tells all of her clients about it . I definatly recommend it .
 Years ago I had skull Psoriasis , tried various medicated shampoos with no results until I used MG217 . Psoriasis problems come and go so was it coincident or actually MG217 helped ? I ca n't tell but I am also afraid to stop using it . I continue to use it and have been purchasing this product from Walgreens ; the only store that offers it . I saw slightly lower price online failing to realize it was only 4Oz , half the volume of the one sold in store . As a result , it cost me much more to buy it online than from the local Walgreens . Just go to local Walgreen if you need to buy this product .
 I 've been having bad dandruff for a while now and this product seemed to clear it up fairly fast . . It works great , I did n't mind the smell . Nothing but good things to say about it , I highly recommend it .
 I had trouble with scalp scaling and flakes . Tried several different shampoos and used this one on a recommendation from a relative . After using it about two or three times , the symptoms started to disappear . Will probably use it until it 's gone . Note
 I have dealt with a scaly scalp for about 30 years , and have used this product for the past 8 . When used 2-3 times a week , it prevents even the slightest embarrassing flake , without that horrible odor that most tar-based shampoos have . Could n't live without it !
 Yup , just like the bottle says . Works well for dry scalp issues like dandruff or psoriasis . Not exactly sweet smelling , but it does the job as well as any shampoo and much , much better than most . I buy it .
 I purchased this shampoo for my husband and it has been magical ! He does n't mind the smell and uses regularly . I recommend !
 Walgreens stopped carrying MG217 after I had * finally * found something that worked well for me . This stuff is amazing . It is 2-3 times more powerful than the &#34; Extra Strength &#34; stuff like Selsun Blue and Head and Shoulders . The stuff does n't smell great , but use a good conditioner afterward and you 're fine .
 I have used this product for many years with great success.Unlike some other tar based shampoos , the conditioners inMG217 help keep the hair from drying out and the smell is notso medicinal .
 Love it works just like it say 's stopped itch first time use . The smell is clean and fresh . Try it
 I 've lost my last two camping mirrors to crushing while packing on the road , so was looking for a good-sized mirror to hang outdoors or in a tent when camping that I would n't have to worry about breaking . This mirror is very lightweight , a great size for shaving , putting on your face , styling hair , etc. , all things any sophisticated camper does when they 're out in the boonies , of course . There is a hole in the handle for suspending from a hook or string . The reflection is sharp and clear . Susceptible to scratching , so pack it in a plastic bag to protect it . All in all very pleased with this purchase .
 everyone should own one of these it does what it says unbreakable it is it does scratch but not that easy
 I use this when I 'm cutting my hair and it works perfectly . The reflection is sharp and it can easily be mounted on the wall on a hook for hands-free operation . What other reviewers say about it scratching easily is true ; which is why I store mine in the plastic sleeve it came in .
 I love this tape and seriously do n't ever leave home without it in my purse or luggage !
 I can only say I will be a lifelong customer after using this product and experiencing customer service with this company ! Long story short I have many marks & discolorations on my face due to several illnesses , so my skin tone is very hard to match and cover . I choose pale beige , turned out not my color . CM called me after I sent an email.After speaking with me and still not knowing my illness issues , the rep mixed colors to see if she could get a shade for me ! I got a call back 1 hour later to tell me my shades were in the mail ! Wow you do n't get customer service like that anymore!Not even face to face at the store ! THANK YOU so much CM ! I have my perfect shade and coverage !
 I 've been using this product for years , I found it to be the best undereye concealer on the market - it 's not that thin watery stuff that seems to evaporate right in front of you , it 's somewhat dense in texture , althugh it does n't appear so when applied , and covers well.It does n't leave that white gray sheen under the eyes either . I use theirRose Beige , and many of my friends with different coloring than I have tried it and it went well with their skin tones . It is developed for people with strong birthmarks or scars . Great Stuff !
 I love that this makes my hair feel clean without making it feel frizzy . It 's the perfect combo for my naturally curly hair I like to wear straight sometimes .
 If you have long or thick hair , this is a great deal for amount of rollers you get ! Shipped fast , great quality !
 I am very pleased with the Rollers I ordered from Amizon and I will ordered more Items in the future .
 Pretty simple to use and they definitely work . I was a bit worried about how it would go the first time I used them and left them in for what turned out to be WAY too long , as I ended up with super tight curls in my fairly short hair that held up great without any product even if they did look a little silly ... haha , I learned my lesson and will probably only leave them in for no more than 10-15 minutes from now on .
 I love this cream . It 's so nourishing and pampering . The texture is perfect and smooth and it smells very light and fresh -LRB- I do n't know where the other person got that its sickening sweet and too strong , they must be extremely sensitive to scents -RRB- but overall I love this product . I have bad acne and acne scars and this does n't break me out and has seemed to help fade my scars . My face always feels really soft and plump in the morning after putting this on at bed time : -RRB-
 I have been using this product for about two weeks now . I love it and the only downside is that I have no idea what to do with the other moisturizers I own . I am sold on this product!It is very creamy and a little goes a long way . I start off by dabbing a tiny amount all over my cleansed face and then work it into my skin using circular motions . It blends well and feels really good . The smell is pleasant and does n't bother me a bit.Overall , I have found that my complexion has evened out and my face has a nice glow to it . I highly recommend this product . It will not work miracles but if you are looking for a bit of a boost and want to avoid harsh chemicals than give this product a try !
 I 've been using this and their psorzema cream . Within two weeks my skin stopped flaking and the intense itching was gone . The swelling has almost disappeared and I feel so much better I can hardly believe it .
 I love the Derma E skincare line . I 've been using this product for two months of my pregnancy to prevent stretch marks . Approaching the eighth month and not a single sign of a stretch mark - highly recommend ! Not to mention a little goes a long way , so the jar lasts a long time . Good price for a great product .
 This is a thick creamy lotion that goes on smooth and really works well for dry skin , leaving a moisturized or ` dewey ' look after application.I think it is awesome for the dry , winter months , but slightly too heavy for the hot humid summertime.It also works very well at diminishing pervious acne scars , and worked in no time to heal a really dry patch of skin I had around my chin . Does not clog my pores or cause breakouts.The scent is very pleasant , like an aloe-ey mild flower type , but dissapears quickly .
 This is one of the richest , most hydrating moisturizers I have ever used . I have been using it for about a year now and in the summer I use it at night 2-3 nights a week . During the winter I can use it during the day since the elements are so much more harsh . The combination of oils and vitamins in this cream make it a winner . I actually like the smell , it smells like candy and fades away fast . I notice how plump my face is the morning after I use this . A must try . Plus it is not tested on animals or made with any animal ingredients .
 I bought this as a replacement for my Jason 25000U Vit E cream , and was very pleasantly surprised . The smell can be strong at first , but it fades quickly and I find it very fresh , reminiscent of cucumbers . The cream is full bodied , but soaks into my skin well rather than staying on the surface as a greasy coating like so many other creams do . I 've only been using it a few days , but my skin does n't feel tight or dry anymore and my fine lines are starting to plump in again . Great product !
 I really enjoyed this product . I 've used Almay in the past and have always had success wearing it . This was NO exception . It provided great coverage , nice deep color , and NO clumping or smudging . It 's such a treat for someone with extremely sensitive eyes . I had NO redness , itching , or swelling , as I do with many other brands . I 'd definitely recommend this product to all my female friends and family . This is great waterproof mascara . I 'll definitely buy and use it again .
 I really liked the product . The mascara was easy to apply and it did make my lashes seem longer instead of making them clumpy . The only problem was that it was difficult to remove . But I found that if I use an eye makeup remover , the product comes off very easily . I 'd recommend it to my friends and family .
 I tried the mascara and it made my eyes burn , so I had to take it off as soon as I put it on . I tried it again a few days later and had the same problem . I really do n't have very much of a report to make on the product . Some products seem to do this to me for some reason .
 I found Almay Amazing Lash Mascara an excellent product . The color is brown but leans towards black . I have very sensitive eyes and it did n't make my eyes itch or water . The brush is great too . I did n't get any clumping or '' `` globbing '' '' from it . I also liked the fact that it did n't run when my eyes teared . It 's easy to wash off with an eye makeup remover . And I really liked that when I fell asleep with it on , I did n't wake up with red or irritated eyes . I 'd definitely recommend this product to friends and family . It 's an excellent product for people who have sensitive or irritable eyes .
 I was really impressed with this product . I 've never tried waterproof mascara before , but now I 'm hooked . This is definitely a product I 'd buy again . It did n't smear like other mascaras . I used it even with the cold temperature and snow and it never smeared . I 'd recommend this product to my friends and family .
 I was pleased with this product overall . The mascara goes on well and stays on . The brush is very thick and allows good application . The color is as described . The mascara did n't run during the day . It 's well worth the money .
 My wife has been using this product and she just loves it . She says it 's one of the best mascaras she 's ever used !
 My friend bought these and she has sensitive skin and BAD acne !!! After 2 weeks her skin started clearing up a lot !!!!!! Definitely the best acne buy for sensitive skin for guys and girls ! 5 star product !
 I have a sphynx cat , -LRB- Hairless , -RRB- not really hairless , but very short , any way her nails get greasy , because she has no hair on her toes . I use Stridex to clean them , the smell does not bother her , but she still hates getting her nails cleaned , but has to be done , also can be used on cats and dogs chins for black heads . Be sure you get the one for sensitive skin with aloe . Alot cheaper then what you pay at the vets , and we all know how expensive that can get . Uck !
 My sister loved unpacking the box . She really liked all the skin and body treatments and her 90 + year old Mom is lovig the cookies .
 I bought this for my mom 's birthday ! She loved it !!! Said she used every part of it and it was all excellent taste and quality . Would purchase again .
 I got this basket as a mothers day gift . It arrived on time and intact . My mother loved the contents and the overall design . It is very girly but with a touch of sophistication . For the money a very good gift for that special lady in your life .
 This eyeliner really matches the description , it goes on super smooth and does n't tug or drag . I was told at the counter that it was `` water resistant '' but it 's really not . I used to wear it under my lower eyelashes , but by the end of the day , it would be totally smudged and gross . I would even try to put powder over it , but to no avail . However , in defense of Laura , I am over 40 and the fine lines below my eyes are n't friendly to many pencil eye liners . I was just hoping against hope that Laura 's would be different ! So , now I only use it over the upper lid !
 Item reviewed
 This is wonderful eye liner ! It accentuates my eyes and stays on for hours ! Soft pencil so smudging is easy if you want ! Love the deepness of the color !
 Laura Mercier eye liner is the best on the market . The black violet color is my favorite . Glides on smooth and lasts all day !
 The Laura Mercier Eye Pencil application is smooth and long lasting . Without a doubt , it 's the best eye pencil I 've ever used.Laura Mercier Kohl Eye Pencil - Stormy Grey - 1.2 g/0 .04 oz
 This pencil in black turquoise is amazing . Not flat black , not cheap turquoise ... more like a rich , deep , soft black with a teal undertone . You would never think turquoise once it 's on , but it makes my brown eyes pop like nothing else I 've ever tried . I was wearing it when I agreed to a free makeover at Bergdorf 's in NY , and the NARS makeup artist was so intrigued she actually asked me what it was . When I said Laura Mercier , she murmured `` no wonder . '' I have spent so much on cheap eye pencils that end up in the trash ... no more . One of these every couple of months when I 'm due for a treat ! -LRB- Nothing from NARS even came close for the eyes , but I did buy their famous blush . -RRB-
 OK , so I 'm totally used to using a black eyeliner and I have green eyes and light skin , so I started to realized that it 's a bit too much for an everyday wear . I decided to layer my black eyeliner with this eyeliner and WOW ! I 've been getting sooooo many compliments ! It gives that unique glow to the top lids and if you line the bottom lid -LRB- back and forth light strokes -RRB- it looks even better . Good luck and I 'm certainly hoping this color will never be d/c 'd . I love getting Laura Mercier products because it alllways comes with some sort of a free gift and I end up buying it too!Goodluck !
 As with all Laura Mercier products , you get so much quality with this eye pencil !!! The color is amazingly rich and saturated . This creamy eyeliner lasts all day !
 I really enjoyed this product . I 've used Almay in the past and have always had success wearing it . This was NO exception . It provided great coverage , nice deep color , and NO clumping or smudging . It 's such a treat for someone with extremely sensitive eyes . I had NO redness , itching , or swelling , as I do with many other brands . I 'd definitely recommend this product to all my female friends and family . This is great waterproof mascara . I 'll definitely buy and use it again .
 I really liked the product . The mascara was easy to apply and it did make my lashes seem longer instead of making them clumpy . The only problem was that it was difficult to remove . But I found that if I use an eye makeup remover , the product comes off very easily . I 'd recommend it to my friends and family .
 I tried the mascara and it made my eyes burn , so I had to take it off as soon as I put it on . I tried it again a few days later and had the same problem . I really do n't have very much of a report to make on the product . Some products seem to do this to me for some reason .
 I found Almay Amazing Lash Mascara an excellent product . The color is brown but leans towards black . I have very sensitive eyes and it did n't make my eyes itch or water . The brush is great too . I did n't get any clumping or '' `` globbing '' '' from it . I also liked the fact that it did n't run when my eyes teared . It 's easy to wash off with an eye makeup remover . And I really liked that when I fell asleep with it on , I did n't wake up with red or irritated eyes . I 'd definitely recommend this product to friends and family . It 's an excellent product for people who have sensitive or irritable eyes .
 I was really impressed with this product . I 've never tried waterproof mascara before , but now I 'm hooked . This is definitely a product I 'd buy again . It did n't smear like other mascaras . I used it even with the cold temperature and snow and it never smeared . I 'd recommend this product to my friends and family .
 I was pleased with this product overall . The mascara goes on well and stays on . The brush is very thick and allows good application . The color is as described . The mascara did n't run during the day . It 's well worth the money .
 My wife has been using this product and she just loves it . She says it 's one of the best mascaras she 's ever used !
 Excellent cover-up . Somewhat hard to determine perfect shading via online purchase . Well priced for product quality .
 I am so happy with my purchase . I actually was looking for the lotion and I stumbled on the body wash , which I did n't even know existed , since I had n't seen it at any store . The price was great and it arrived a lot quicker than I expected .
 This was one of the best liners I 've used in a long time . It went on smoothly and stayed on all day . It did n't smudge and still looked fresh after wearing it all day long . I find that most products will smudge after a few hours . I usually use Lancome and this product is just as good at 1/4 of the price .
 I 've been using Almay 's Amazing Lasting products for some time now and I really love them !! The Amazing Lasting eye pencil was very easy to use and it remained intact for a very long time , unlike other eye pencils that I 've used -- they just fade away after a couple of hours . I would recommend it to everyone and it 'll prove itself . It 's amazing and it does last a long time !!
 I really liked this product because it did n't smear . My usual eyeliners end up way lower than under my eyelashes . It only takes maybe 30 minutes for this to happen . I usually put eye shadow underneath it to stop it from smearing , but now I wo n't have to .
 Two words
 I thought the Almay Amazing Lasting Eye Pencil , Precise Black was a wonderful product . I did n't have any smudges , it went on easily , and lasted all day . And the best part was , my allergies did n't flare up ! I liked this eyeliner more than my current makeup . Overall , I give this product two thumbs up and highly recommend it .
 I liked using this eyeliner . I usually like the Almay product line . The eyeliner went on very smoothly without out tugging on my skin . This to me is a big plus . Many pencils that I 've used in the past pull on the skin and do n't come out even . The color was good and it lasted a long time . I did n't have any problems removing the eyeliner with regular soap and water . I did n't need to use a makeup remover to wash it off , even though it probably would 've come off easier if I had . I will buy this pencil .
 I was very happy with the product and would recommend it to anyone looking for eyeliner .
 So you 're late for a meeting and your boss is being a pr!ck about it again eh ? But what 's that ? In your hastiness to leave for the office you forgot to apply the proper makeup ! Oh no!Being the trendy male businessman you are , you _ know _ it 's like SOOO impossible to like leave the house without makeup so like this is SOOOO cool because like you can totally use it on the go -LRB- I think -RRB- . I do n't know I have n't used it but I heard Marlon Brando did and he loved it . Oh wait Marlon Brando 's dead ? Sorry maybe it was his son then - the gay one.This is also a great tool for Halloween if you want to look like the weirdo from A Clockwork Orange ! What a weird movie lol ! I 'm so cool !
 I have n't worn eyeliner in two years -- no matter what brand I tried , it always ran . Many of them also irritated my eyes , which are very sensitive . The Almay Amazing Lasting Eye Pencil did n't run , even after my workout or even after my shower !!! I was so impressed . It did n't irritate my eyes , and it came right off with soap and water . The color -LRB- Definite Brown -RRB- was really nice , but due to the quality of this product , I immediately went out and bought two more colors , just for variety !!
 I LOVED this eye pencil ! The cap stays on securely -- a plus in the makeup bag . It has a nice fine point , which you twist out , eliminating the need for a sharpener ! Because of the twist-out feature , there 's no wood like a typical eye pencil , which can get rough around the eyes . I 'd recommend this product to my family and friends .
 This stuff is wonderful !! It goes on smoothly and stays put . I put some on my palm just to see what the color was like and it did n't wash off with soap and water ! I really like the way it goes on evenly . I 'd highly recommend this product .
 Definite Brownis a very rich , deep brown . I love the color because , while I like a good , strong , dark liner , black tends to look very harsh against my light skin . I 've used it over the past few days , and it 's average for durability -- you can go about six hours doing normal activities before needing a touchup . This product is n't waterproof , so if you 're outdoors a lot or into sports , this may not be for you . However , for a relaxing night on the town , this is absolutely the first product that would go into my bag . The price is a bit steep , but for only occasional use it 's not bad .
 I really loved this product . I use eyeliner all the time , and some do n't go on smoothly . This one went on smoothly and softly , and really accentuated my eyes . I 'd recommend this product highly , especially to people with allergies and sensitive skin around the eye .
 Almay Amazing Lasting Eye Pencil was great . The product went on easily and smoothly . The feature I liked most was that the pencil does n't have to be sharpened . You simply twist it up like lipstick . The only problem I had was that if I touched my eyes while wearing it , chances were that it would smear . But in the end , except for this one drawback , it 's a very good eye pencil .
 This eyeliner glides on incredibly smoothly ! I had used an Avon eyeliner that I absolutely loved that glided on smoothly , but to my dismay it had been discontinued . I 'd been looking for a similar product for ages ! Well ... this is it ! Now I want one in every color ! It 's a little more expensive than some other eyeliners , but the exceptional quality is well worth the extra money !
 I would definitely recommend this product to everyone ! Not only does it go on smoothly without pulling on the skin , but it stays on for quite a long time and comes off pretty easily . I will stick with this one for sure ! I am very glad that you turned me on to this product .
 These eye patches come in great colors . Much better than the pirate black and less startling to look at . Sized for kids or really small adults . Good quality too .
 Ordered these for my son as he has used the sticker type ortho patches . They are a nice alternative to having to pay for the patches and the cupped design makes them more solid so he ca n't look around them while wearing them .
 These are fantastic . They are the perfect size for a child . They stay on and last a long time . The stand up to a 4 year old boy . Love them !!! Would recommend to everyone .
 I decided to go with the elastic band patches , because my daughter hates bandaids and I ca n't imagine yanking a band-aid type patch off her face every single day . These are cute . She can color coordinate with her outfit and she can put them on and take them off by herself . The quality is good . It 's not something that will last forever , but it 's not meant to . This is a 6 week deal to strengthen her weaker eye.They do n't fit perfectly , of course . The band slides down and she has to adjust it from time to time , but that 's just the nature of an elastic band . It 's so much better that the adheisive type .
 I have used this cream for several years and am delighted to find it available on Amazon . The cream helps protect and heal rough and split areas around fingers . Cold weather takes a toll on my hands and the cuticle cream definitely helps ! Would loved to find in larger jars ?
 I love it . Rub it in cuticles every evening . Cuticles have never been softer or better looking . No more cracking or splitting .
 I purchased this cuticle cream about a month ago after reading the customer reviews . I have very dry cuticles and have a nervous habit of picking them when under stress . This stuff is wonderful ! My hands looked so much better within a couple of days . I personally like the fragrance and the sticky feeling only lasts a few minutes . I keep one jar next to my bed and am buying another one for my desk at work .
 I have a huge problem with dry flaking cuticles but this is helping a lot . Expensive , but you need such a small amount each time that it seems it will last a long time . also sometimes I just put a bit on my problem cuticles and for the rest a hand moisturizer suffices . so it will last a looong time .
 This product is great ! You only need a small amount and i only apply it about once every three weeks . The bottle will last forever ! It 's a necessity during the winter months . My hands got so dry and my fingertips would crack . Not anymore !
 It actually works . I have had dry cuticles for over a year now and this is the first thing that works -LRB- in less than a week -RRB- ...
 THIS PRODUCT DOES THE JOB . WONDERFUL FRAGRANCE AND ACTUALLY PROMOTES CUTICLE HEALING IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS . ONE LITTLE JAR LASTS FOR YEARS .
 Absolutely buy this cuticle cream ! A tiny bit goes a long way ! Works great on dry , flakey elbows too ! I put this on both my fingers and my toes !
 It has been the only one product that really helped me to fix my cuticle problem I have from several years ago .
 I love this product . I was dismayed when my local salon stopped carrying it so I was pleased to find it here . I keep a jar in my car and use it to smooth my cuticles when I feel tempted to pick them . This cream does n't melt in the hot car !
 this is absolutely without a doubt the best cuticle cream I 've ever used . I 'm a licensed manicurist and trust me it 's great .
 I have had ugly cuticles for years . Have tried other Qtica products in the past , but a friend recommended this and it works great . Give it a week or two , but there will be a noticeable difference in hangnails and cuticle hardness . I carry one in my purse and put another on my nightstand .
 It is very thick and sticky , so use before bed or TV time . Best cream to stay on and do what it is supposed to do . Hard to find as stores run out of it quickly .
 This is nice cuticle cream . I just wish it didnt smell like baby powder ! I would have used it multiple times a day but the smell was too much .
 I 'm a nurse who has to use hand sanitizer at least 10 times an hour while at work . Our hospital uses a brand that is pure alcohol . My cuticles had dried up , cracked , and tore . I had hangnails that I had to keep trimming but they then ended up bleeding and the skin around my nails was swollen , red , and incredibly sore . You can imagine how bad they looked as well -- it was embarrasing.I had a co-worker recommend the professional oil you brush on . It made it a bit softer but most would n't absorb . It was messy and ended up all over the place . I then tried some `` bee oil '' stuff . Same poor result . I bought 3 different hand lotions which softened my hands , but was not very effective at the inflamed , bleeding cuticle/skin around the nail area.Having spent way more than I should have , I decided to try Qtica intense repair serum in a last ditch effort . OH MY GOSH ! In one application , the pain decreased substantially and it was n't an oily/greasy mess ! It absorbed straight away . After two days , the area had lost the swollen , red nasty appearance and the area turned soft as a baby 's bottom.For healthy cuticles and repair of skin around the nail area , this is as near to a miracle product as one will ever find ! Do n't waste your money on all the other products like I did , especially if you need intensive therapy . I keep this in my nursing scrubs and apply it once or twice a shift to counteract all the handwashing and hand sanitizer . My hands look and feel wonderful . You might only need to apply it every other day if you do n't have as much need for hand cleansing . I will never try anything else . Please do n't ever stop making this product !!
 I have been using this product for about a year now . We live in a very dry climate , and with regular use it will keep your cuticles soft and attractive . I keep an extra jar in my purse . Last time I ordered through one of Amazon 's sellers and the price was less than $ 12 for two jars . Amazon 's own price now is $ 18.34 per jar . Although I 'm usually a loyal Amazon customer , I just ordered the same product -LRB- 2 -RRB- from paylessbeauty.com for $ 14.20 a jar with no shipping charges .
 This product works well and smells great . It leave your cuticles moisturized without feeling greasy . I would buy this product again .
 Too much gardening ? Too many pot and pans to scrub ? Ah well , we all know a woman 's work is never done and my hands were showing it , especially the nails and cuticles.This INTENSE CUTICLE REPAIR BALM has been a life saver -LRB- better yet , a nail saver -RRB- . Within 24 hours it had softened and started to repair the tiny cracks around my nails . Understand it contains honey and beeswax which may be why it soothes so quickly . Whatever the case , it works.Now I apply it at bedtime every day to protect until I win a housekeeper . ;--RRB- In addition to repairing cuticles it also seems to have strengthened my once rather fragile nails . - Gail Cooke
 My wife has been using this product for many years and it is the only thing she uses on her cuticles . She is a professional esthetician and recommends the product to everyone she knows . Give it a shot , especially at the price online , do n't buy it from a salon ... unless it 's my wife 's . ; -RRB-
 I hardly ever write reviews . I am 73 years old and my finger nails were in terrible shape before I got Qtica from Amazon . My body always feels so dry because of the medications I have to take for my migraine headaches . Living in our Utah desert and having a big family keep my hands in water a lot , so I am really grateful for this product . It is so soothing . My fingernail ridges even look better . I hope to never be without it again . I keep one jar in the car , one in the bathroom and one by my bed . Thanks , Qtica .
 I have never taken the time to review anything on-line and rarely give anything the highest rating . I have tried so many cuticle products ... This one is amazing . As another person had said ... it first feels sticky ... but within a few minutes , it dries yet keeps your cuticles moist . My cuticles have done a complete turn-around and my nails are much stronger now too . My nails look much healthier . I highly recommend this product !!
 You may have to apply it a couple times a day and deal with a little oiliness for a few minutes afterwards , but my cuticles have never looked better .
 This is a great product ! My nails were weak and brittle after having my artificial nails removed and using this product everyday helped grow strong again in a short time . I leave it in my car and apply waiting for the kids and at the stop light !
 Have tried many cuticle cremes and this one ranks at the top of my list because of its emmuliant properties .
 I have been using Almay products for some time because they do n't exacerbate my eye allergies from seasonal pollens . Under the circumstances , it it the best mascara for the money
 I have worn this exact mascara for years , and I ca n't bear the idea of not being able to get it anymore . I think that it is perfect -- hypoallergenic , exact color I need , never flakes or smudges , and stays on until removed.Don ' t ever let it go away , Almay !
 I 've tried several different products for dark eye circles and always come back to Face Magic . It really works for me !
 I have used Face Magic Peach Beige concealer off and on for several years now . It works well as a concealer and does cover broken capillaries around the nose , dark circles under the eyes , and blotcy areas . I use it only on target areas in addition to my foundation . I have tried more expensive concealers and always go back to Face Magic . It is more opague and provides better coverage of target problem areas than any pricier concealer . It covers better , goes on nice and smooth and lasts .
 I 've tried what seems like hundreds of foundations until a saleswoman at Ulta recommended this foundation to me . I had asked her for a oil-free base that had good coverage -LRB- for days when I 've broken out or have deep circles under my eyes -RRB- . She recommended this , I tried it on in the store with a friend , and I 've been buying it for about a year now . I prefer to use the sponge it comes with instead of a brush because it gives me more control and provides better coverage of flaws . Because it 's a powder makeup , it 's easy to reapply either in small areas or all over should I need to do so . The shade I use matches my skin perfectly . For a high end cosmetic product , the price is reasonable . I recommend using a good primer with this and all foundations . Lorac 's Wet/Dry Powder is much easier to apply evenly if you 're using a primer first . It also stays on longer with a primer .
 I have sensitive skin , and I have used this powder for years without a problem . The powder can also be used wet for more coverage -LRB- closer to using foundation -RRB- . The powder arrived quickly in perfect condition .
 best powder you can buy and a great place to get it rather than going to store to get it if you already know your color match .
 nivea have good quality products . i recommend this one . it smells very nice -LRB- not the spa kind of smells -RRB- but still very nice . and i think one of the few shampoos that can make my hair smell nice after the shower .
 This product is much easier to use than pencils , but be prepared to work at it in the begining . I love the fact it easily allows the wearer to adjust the amount of eyeliner being worn .
 Ok , so I 'm pleased with this purchase . Received within a decent amount of time for shipping . No problems with packaging . There were as described . 6 bags of 8 rollers . I was a little nervous buying this , afraid I would n't get all of the rollers I wanted . I have SUPER long hair & these are more than enough , I do n't even use all of them ! :-RRB- Easy to use . Exactly what I wanted !
 There are so many that come in this shipment ! and for super cheap ! I still have n't opened two packages and it has completely covered my super thick hair . I wear these to bed a lot and love them ! My hair is so pretty in the morning ... though it does take practice : -RRB-
 works great but definitely not for a beginner . takes a bit of experience to use . once you get the hang of it its excellent
 This is the best lotion I have ever used !! I have tried EVERYTHING out there and nothing compares with Suave Cocoa Butter with Shea Moisturizer . I 've got a bottle in the bathroom , my bedroom , the kitchen , a tube of it in my purse , and a bottle in my office ! It is the bomb !! I 've been using this pretty much ever since it came out . Once in a while I 'll venture out and try a different lotion just for a change , but ALWAYS come back to this lotion . I just love it and it smells wonderful ! You can definitely tell its got cocoa butter in it which I 'm told is a very good way to lock in moisture if you have dry skin , -LRB- which I do -RRB- . Plus you just can not beat the price . I highly recommend this to everyone ! LOVE IT !!! : -RRB-
 On 1/1/13 - I buy a replacement bottle of this great lotion . It has changed !! Front says `` Smoothing '' `` now richer formula '' - and `` with cocoa butter and shea '' and a new graphic . NEW ?? Oh ! NO !! NOT my favorite lotion !! I read the label
 The search for the right lotion has always been a struggle for me , especially in the winter . So many of them are loaded up with water as the main ingredient that as soon as the wind hits you turn into a sugar crusted raisin . This lotion does the complete opposite . It truly does keep you moisturized for 24 hours . But the best thing about this product is that after freshly shaving your legs and taking a shower , smooth this lotion over your entire body and let me tell you ... SMOOTH will be an understatement ! My legs literally feel like a smooth stick of softened butter ! This is great stuff . I do n't know what else to tell you except try it one time and you 'll see . Another great thing for those not fond of the cocoa butter scent , it does not linger at all . You just feel sexy , smooth , and smell fresh .
 Normally I only buy fragrance free products since the smell of synthetic perfumes makes me sick . As a moisturizer it feels great on my skin , better than most other products I have used in the past . It absorbs very quickly into the skin and does not leave me with a sticky feeling . However , the smell of cocoa from this lotion lingers all day which those soulless chocolate haters will not be a fan of . As someone who does love the smell of cocoa this product is win-win for me . It keeps my skin from drying out while being aromatherapeutic .
 This was a blessing for my pregnancy ! I used it all up till I was about 71/2 months pregnant -LRB- because I ran out -RRB- and I had NO stretch marks what so ever and I just put it all over my belly and hips before I went to bed or when my stomach felt itchy and it did wonders . . Wish I woulda ran to the store for another bottle because after a couple weeks of thinking I 'm not going to get any stretch marks BAM there they were ! I was a petite girl before the pregnancy then during gained about 50 lbs and still waiting for my little girl now . The product works wonders ! Get it and do n't stop using it !!!!
 My husband is known for grabbing the baby 's lotion on his way out the door , or , even more frustrating - MY lotion . He just wants something to give him that bit of moisture for his skin on his way to work , and most times does n't want to use my scented lotions , but we 've never found just that perfect kind of lotion for him & me both to share . Until we found this product ! I brought it home because I love anything with shea in it , and I also love the smell of cocoa butter , so I knew I 'd be an instant fan . And I was :-RRB- But then the true test was whether or not my hubby would like it and would start using it instead of my personal lotions and the baby 's lotion . Sure enough , it sits on his nightstand and on his way out the door every morning , he uses it ! We 've got a winner ! : -RRB-
 I love this lotion so much . It 's cheap , it smells amazing -LRB- like hot chocolate ! -RRB- , and it does a great job . What more can you ask ?
 I 've used scores of moisturizing lotions because my hands dry out like a raisin in the winter ... cracking ... it 's horrible . The 2 problems with most lotions is that they 1 -RRB- Stink 2 -RRB- Are greasy and do n't absorb . This one has a mild , natural scent of cocoa and Shea butters . The reviewer who said it was overpowering must be like the Princess in the fable , `` The Princess and the Pea . '' And few lotions absorb like this one . You ca n't even feel it on your hands after it soaks into your skin . Your skin feels CLEAN and moisturized . You do n't need to wipe off your hands before you touch things -LRB- like I do with `` Eucerin Plus Intensive Repair '' ... wow , is that stuff greasy ! This one 's a keeper !
 I 've tried what seems like hundreds of foundations until a saleswoman at Ulta recommended this foundation to me . I had asked her for a oil-free base that had good coverage -LRB- for days when I 've broken out or have deep circles under my eyes -RRB- . She recommended this , I tried it on in the store with a friend , and I 've been buying it for about a year now . I prefer to use the sponge it comes with instead of a brush because it gives me more control and provides better coverage of flaws . Because it 's a powder makeup , it 's easy to reapply either in small areas or all over should I need to do so . The shade I use matches my skin perfectly . For a high end cosmetic product , the price is reasonable . I recommend using a good primer with this and all foundations . Lorac 's Wet/Dry Powder is much easier to apply evenly if you 're using a primer first . It also stays on longer with a primer .
 I have sensitive skin , and I have used this powder for years without a problem . The powder can also be used wet for more coverage -LRB- closer to using foundation -RRB- . The powder arrived quickly in perfect condition .
 best powder you can buy and a great place to get it rather than going to store to get it if you already know your color match .
 I 've tried what seems like hundreds of foundations until a saleswoman at Ulta recommended this foundation to me . I had asked her for a oil-free base that had good coverage -LRB- for days when I 've broken out or have deep circles under my eyes -RRB- . She recommended this , I tried it on in the store with a friend , and I 've been buying it for about a year now . I prefer to use the sponge it comes with instead of a brush because it gives me more control and provides better coverage of flaws . Because it 's a powder makeup , it 's easy to reapply either in small areas or all over should I need to do so . The shade I use matches my skin perfectly . For a high end cosmetic product , the price is reasonable . I recommend using a good primer with this and all foundations . Lorac 's Wet/Dry Powder is much easier to apply evenly if you 're using a primer first . It also stays on longer with a primer .
 I have sensitive skin , and I have used this powder for years without a problem . The powder can also be used wet for more coverage -LRB- closer to using foundation -RRB- . The powder arrived quickly in perfect condition .
 best powder you can buy and a great place to get it rather than going to store to get it if you already know your color match .
 I love this mascara ! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras , I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one . I do n't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off . This if perfect ; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great ! And it does n't have to be black ; even the brown looks great ! I like that it 's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5 . And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store ... and it 's delivered right to my door !
 Just like it . It dries out a little faster than others , but that 's ok . I use a cleaned used mascara wand to separate lashes if necessary , when it gets a little older and dries up . It 's easy to remove without heavy creams or a lot of scrubbing , and that 's what I REALLY like .
 I keep coming back to Almay mascaras . The One Coat just never lets me down , and saves me money so I can splurge on other makeup items . Does n't flake , wears well , separates nicely , great price .
 Thrilled to finally find a mascara that is n't trying to thicken lashes with clumps of mascara that glob , clump and make a mess of your eyes ! This stuff just darkens the lashes , and elongates a bit - subtle but effective , looks totally natural . Love it .
 I have suddenly become allergic to most makeup products due to pregnancy , so I set out to get some hypoallergenic replacements for my makeup must-haves . I bought this one in non-waterproof brownish black , and yes ! This is a great mascara for sensitive eyes . In my experience it does n't flake like most other affordable mascaras do , but I have only worn it for a few hours at a time , so I do n't know how well it would last for all-day wear . It has a great clump-resistant brush and smooth application , a nice deep color as well . Best of all , no allergic reactions ! I will be sticking with this one .
 If you have &#34; thin &#34; lashes , this definitely helps . I use 2 coats . Also , it does n't smear all over the place .
 HIGH QUALITY ITEM . VERY THICK MASCARA . STAYS ON FOR HOURS . DOES NOT CLUMP UP OR SMUDGE . NICE PACKAGING . STRONG CONTAINER . DOES NOT CRACK .
 This stuff rivals Maybelline Great Lash as a contender for the best cheap mascara brand on the market . Almay 's One Coat Nourishing Mascara goes on smoothly and clump-free . It 's easily biddable , and while it 's not quite as lengthening as I would like , it 's a perfect mascara for work . I 've never had any issues with flaking . I recommend it and will repurchase it myself .
 This is my favorite mascara ... ca n't find it in stores anymore . Glad I was able to purchase it through Amazon .
 Instead of shopping at a drugstore or super center that may not have this color , it was easy and quick .
 This mascara is amazing ! It is a great base coat-goes on clump free and does not harden , but thickens wonderfully by applying many coats .
 This is my favorite mascara ... ca n't find it in stores anymore . Glad I was able to purchase it through Amazon .
 Instead of shopping at a drugstore or super center that may not have this color , it was easy and quick .
 This mascara is amazing ! It is a great base coat-goes on clump free and does not harden , but thickens wonderfully by applying many coats .
 I love this mascara ! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras , I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one . I do n't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off . This if perfect ; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great ! And it does n't have to be black ; even the brown looks great ! I like that it 's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5 . And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store ... and it 's delivered right to my door !
 Just like it . It dries out a little faster than others , but that 's ok . I use a cleaned used mascara wand to separate lashes if necessary , when it gets a little older and dries up . It 's easy to remove without heavy creams or a lot of scrubbing , and that 's what I REALLY like .
 I keep coming back to Almay mascaras . The One Coat just never lets me down , and saves me money so I can splurge on other makeup items . Does n't flake , wears well , separates nicely , great price .
 Thrilled to finally find a mascara that is n't trying to thicken lashes with clumps of mascara that glob , clump and make a mess of your eyes ! This stuff just darkens the lashes , and elongates a bit - subtle but effective , looks totally natural . Love it .
 I have suddenly become allergic to most makeup products due to pregnancy , so I set out to get some hypoallergenic replacements for my makeup must-haves . I bought this one in non-waterproof brownish black , and yes ! This is a great mascara for sensitive eyes . In my experience it does n't flake like most other affordable mascaras do , but I have only worn it for a few hours at a time , so I do n't know how well it would last for all-day wear . It has a great clump-resistant brush and smooth application , a nice deep color as well . Best of all , no allergic reactions ! I will be sticking with this one .
 If you have &#34; thin &#34; lashes , this definitely helps . I use 2 coats . Also , it does n't smear all over the place .
 HIGH QUALITY ITEM . VERY THICK MASCARA . STAYS ON FOR HOURS . DOES NOT CLUMP UP OR SMUDGE . NICE PACKAGING . STRONG CONTAINER . DOES NOT CRACK .
 This stuff rivals Maybelline Great Lash as a contender for the best cheap mascara brand on the market . Almay 's One Coat Nourishing Mascara goes on smoothly and clump-free . It 's easily biddable , and while it 's not quite as lengthening as I would like , it 's a perfect mascara for work . I 've never had any issues with flaking . I recommend it and will repurchase it myself .
 My son and I had been going around for almost a year on him dying his hair , this product is a perfect balance for both of us . He color coodinates with his clothes and does n't get bored with his look because he can change to different colors . I as a parent let him have his creative side but if the colored hair is n't appropriate for something all he has to do is wash it out . Perfect solution .
 I have fine blond/brown hair . This gel works great on my hair for hold ; but the `` psycho silver '' color does n't show through on light colored hair , apparently . Also pricey for such a small amount .
 I swear by Cargo One Base for light coverage . I do n't wear foundation on my whole face , but I have really dark under-eye circles , and this works wonderfully on them . The coverage is definitely light , but it can be layered on as needed , and it does n't crease , even without a primer . Also , it does n't have the orange-ish tint that so many concealers do -LRB- at least not number 2 -RRB- .
 Due to Cargo 's sale in Sephora I picked this up and my shade is # 45 which fits my skin tone perfectly . I do not want a full face of foundation , I usually just want to brighten up my eye area and cover a few spots . This onebase works great . I 've also used it as a foundation lightly on my cheeks and around the lip area . Its a lighter coverage , allows my natural skin to show through , and it feels nice on the skin . I would purchase again , its very easy to use and great for travel . The downside is that the color range is n't that great , so only a small percentage of people will really reap the benefits from this product .
 I used this concealer for my wedding . it arrived just a couple of days before the wedding , so I did n't have a chance to try it out . I took the risk and applied it on my wedding day . It worked GREAT ! It covered up all those little things that I do n't want to have to remember in pictures for the rest of my life . It blended very nicely with my skin and looked very natural . Several of my friends commented on my makeup and I really think this concealer and other subtle foundation products that I used were the reason the makeup looked nice and lasted all night . I will use it whenever I have a special occassion or just when I want to cover up the bags and blotches .
 I have oily skin which breaks out often along my chin line.This product has good coverage but what I love most is thatit blends in with my skin tone perfectly . I simply apply itin the breakout areas and then feather it out . Because itblends in so well with my own skin color , I do n't need to applyit all over , just in areas I want to cover .
 Works great as a concealer , covers dark circles under the eyes , spider veins around the nose and blends in easily so you do n't even have to wear foundation all over your face if you choose not to after applying a few dabs here and there .
 My 13 year old daughter uses this daily as a concealer and as a foundation . It is fantastic . I 've used it myself and love it as well . Really worth every dollar it costs .
 Hands down the best concealer I have used . It is not too thick , so it spreads evenly . I use it for undereye darkness and redness around my face . It is almost like a foundation -- you can use it pretty much on any part of your face and it provides good coverage . I really do n't like the heavy feeeling of makeup , and it doesnt feel like this I am wearing much of anything with Onebase . It does the trick ... my skin is so much more even when I apply it !
 I 've used this product for about 3 years now . They use to sell at Sephora and much to my dismay they took it off their shelves . Since this is a lightweight product that does not give you the chalky eye look I had to venture out to find it again . Much to my surprise I found it on Amazon and recently found out they sell them on Macys.com too . I will probably use this product for the rest of my days so long as it is still around.Pros : Last for a long timeLightweightGreat color match -LRB- I am olive skin -RRB- Great as a foundation tooIn a great tubeNever dries out the skin around the eyeLast all dayNon-Greasy feelCon : Have to search online for the product instead of walking into a store
 This is great for under eyes ... covering up pores , also can use with or without foundation . Excellent coverage feels light and dries fast ... I love it and will order it over and over again ... even my daughter uses it now. , , ,
 I initially bought this for my wedding - works great for under eye circles . Blends in really well . Also makes it very easy to conceal other small blemishes when they pop up ! Buying it from Amazon to replace my original was super easy and convenient . Glad it was available !
 I have been using camille beckman 's lotion for years -- paying outrageous retail prices , when I was even lucky enough to locate it . Buying it from Amazon , even including the shipping , saved money and it arrived quickly . Also , the fragrance seemed fresher than the usual . I was very impressed and will order the lotion through Amazon from now on .
 Camille Beckman products are the best I 've ever used , and that 's a lot since I 'm fifty-eight years old . After using this body cream my skin feels like pure silk . I 've always had a problem with dry , rough feet . Now they are as soft as a baby 's bottom . The scent of these products are wonderful . I could go on all day about Camille Beckman . Do n't be afraid to try it , just be prepared to get hooked .
 Camille Beckman lotion is great . I have sensitive skin and this is by far the best lotion I have ever used.Highly recommend it .
 My wife has dry skin and after discovering this product has continued to buy it . That is high praise , indeed .
 The best lotion I ever used !! Makes your skin soft , smooth and silky !!! Not greasy at all ! Love it !!! Delivered fast and the price was great too !!!!
 I purchaced some of this at the warehouse a year ago . The lotion is so intense that the bottle lasted an entire year . I absolutely love it !
 I love the scent of roses , and yet , I hate the feel of a heavy cream on my skin . This glycerine and rosewater body cream is so light that it melts right into your skin . And the 16 oz . size for this price is a very good deal as it lasts a very long time . Camille Beckman 16 Oz . Silky Body Cream , Glycerine Rosewater
 This cream is so silky and smooth . Your skin just soaks it in with no oilyness whatsoever !! I love the smell . Its just simply tasteful ...
 My mom does n't have internet access and can no longer find this product in the area where she lives . I order it for her from Amazon . She swears by this body cream . It seems like she ca n't live without it , since I order it a few times a year . I do n't use it myself , but I 'm guessing it 's good stuff .
 Camille Beckman 's line is one of the best kept secrets in the world of people with amazing skin . Her scents are heavenly , light and clean . I 'm addicted to the parifin hand cream . It leaves your hands feeling silky , not a hint of grease . Feels more like talc but the parifin seals the moisture in . Her body lotion is light and luscious and more effective than products I 've spent 5 times more on . The talc is cooling and fragrant . My scent of choice is Gardenia Breeze , but it took me over an hour in a shop to decide . They 're all delicious . I 've been using Camille Beckman for 10 years and I love it .
 Received product quickly and safely . Will order products I ca n't find . Prefer this over driving all over city to find what I like .
 I love all Camille Beckman products . This is a thicker cream than other body creams so it is not running down my leg as I try to rub it in .
 Oriental Spice is by far my favorite scent . I really like this lotion and have been using it for years .
 All the glowing reviews were right ! This is the richest lotion I think I 've ever used , but it also absorbs into the skin quickly and leaves my skin feeling very soft . My daughter -- who usually dislikes body lotion because of the slippery feeling some of them leave on your skin for a few minutes -- really loves this . I wish the vanilla smell lasted longer , but I guess it 's hard to have something fast-absoring and with a lasting fragrance .
 just makes you feel wonderful . Smooths on easily . Has a delicate fragrance . enjoyed especially by young adults , middle-aged women who do n't mind spending a little more for a fine body lotion .
 This is an excellent product . Smells so good . I love it . The shipping was very fast . The customer is very reliable . Great price for this product . I am a returning customer . I always buy from Amazon when I can .
 If you like fresh vanilla - and the feel of silky skin , then I recommend this yummy smell and feel of this lotion !
 I absolutely love this body cream ! The scent is refreshing yet subtle and lasts all day . I have been unable to find this particular scent in the store but have had great success finding it here on Amazon . I definitely recommend this product .
 My husband put this in my Christmas stocking . I used to be able to buy it locally but the shop went out of business so I was very happy to receive this wonderful lotion .
 I absolutely love this lotion . My grandma used it , my mom used it , I use it , and someday MY children will use it . It is an amazing product that not only leaves my skin silky smooth but also has the perks of being handmade in America ! When I called to find out where to buy it since the store I usually buy from went out of business they told me they only sell via their themselves and through locally owned gift shops in order to support the local business community . By far the best lotions I have ever tried ... I will be back to order more soon ! Good choice Amazon!ps - love the Tuscan honey fragrance !!
 I had never dyed my hair before , professionally or at home , and wanted to try it . I have naturally medium , ash brown , thick wavy hair.In choosing a hair dye , I wanted my hair color to be : - Dark brown with reddish highlights - Easy to apply - No drip so I did n't ruin any clothing or towels - Less than 30 minutes to setThis creme forumla is incredibly easy to apply to your dry hair . I watched the application instruction video online -LSB- ... -RSB- and it took me 4 minutes to work the product in . This turned my hair a dark , rich brown that 's an awesome red color in the sunlight.Two bonus features -- The conditioner included is amazing . If they sold it regularly , I would use it exclusively . - 4 weeks later , the oolor has faded a bit . My hair is not longer red in the light , but it is a pretty dark , chocolatey brown . I 've gotten more compliments on the color after it faded than when I first dyed it , which is a good sign.The one downside is that the creme still gets on your skin and clothing a little bit . Also , the gloves were baggy and difficult to
 have been looking for a color close to my natural color when I was younger . This is perfect . will continue with this brand and color .
 I absolutely love this hair color . Recently , I have gone from blonde back to my born-with color of dark auburn . This hair color has more staying power and color hold than the Brown-Red Matrix I had done at the salon ! And , the price , it just ca n't be beat . I will be using this color regularly ! I highly recommend it .
 I 'd recommend this to anybody . The hair dye actually smelled nice and it left my hair silky smooth ! The color came out great !
 This is my favorite hair color and available in my favorite color . Although i do n't think I would order on-line again , the box was crushed .
 I have used Garnier Nutrisse haircolor for several years and have never had a problem.The box includes everything you need
 Purchased some years ago , been looking for it ever since . Thrilled to locate it again.The scent is very distinct and more ` derived from nature ' than other fragrances . You could probably call it `` earthy '' . They seem to have changed the formula to increase the duration - to make it last longer - but I have n't noticed anything negative about this.Not like I care about this one way or the other - my only concern was the liquid inside - but the label could be done better . Maybe my mind is playing tricks on me , but the label I recall from years ago was a heavy paper stock with matte finish and the gold `` medallions '' were embossed . This label is cheaper , tackier . Looks like something you 'd find in a truck stop convenience store , which is kind of unfortunate as this is a very classy product.It truly is gender neutral . A lot of colognes/scents are advertised as unisex , but almost always they trend towards one side or another ... a bit too flowery and feminine , or a bit too leathery and manly . 4711 absolutely , positively is a neutral scent . Man or woman , it 's fine -LRB- I 'm a man , I wear it -RRB- Definitely do n't buy this until you 've smelled it first - the scent is n't for everyone - but if you already know what this is and like it , then nothing else will do.Love 4711 .
 Created in 1722 , Cologne 's 4711 original Eau de Cologne is one of the worlds oldest internationally famous brands.I am led to believe Napoleon loved the stuff ! 4711 ? It is the house number it was created in . It was in Germany , made by Johann Maria Farina , an Italian man , the name eau de cologne ? He came up with that part of the name because of the new city he was living in ... Cologne Germany!In the beginning it was more than just a body fragrance , it was actually taken internally as a cure all ! Migraines , Plague etc. it will fix what ails you ! Understand , it has a high alcohol content I have read that the amount of Alcohol is or was anywhere from 10 to 80 proof , and that I suppose could make the plague a little easier to deal with?If anything , 289 years and people are still loving it , That has to say something!I never tasted it , nor would I recommend it ! As a matter of fact , I will go as far as saying DO N'T TRY DRINKING IT ! MAY CAUSE DEATH?All statements above are just things I have read about this stuff over the years!The only thing I can say for sure is that is an awesome timeless scent that is truly unisex ! Men will smell manly and woman will smell beautiful ! It is by far the best thing you never smelled ... 289 years old and you are just finding it now!Not strong as in over powering just fresh ! You have nothing to lose , I am shocked it is so cheap here ! I bought it at Disney in PARIS -LRB- EPCOT -RRB- not the real Paris , and paid a ton more and it smells the same ! Bottle label is not as nice but I am not wearing the bottle so I do n't care!BUY SOME NOW ! I promise you will love it , if not , you can give it to me as a gift ! I will be thankful !
 I am John 's wife and have been using 4711 for 30 years . It is my favorite scent of all time - light , fresh , citrusy , with a very slight hint of floral . Reminds me of a `` just out of the shower '' scent . Does n't last tremendously long , but ... . it 's still worth it . I 've gotten the soap too , hoping that along with the cologne would cling longer . The jury 's still out .
 4711 is usually very well liked by ladies and the recipient loved getting this item.Sachets or small toewls by 4711 would also be of great interest here .
 I 've used this product for years and love it ! It smells clean and works for both men and women , not too overpowering .
 I swear by Cargo One Base for light coverage . I do n't wear foundation on my whole face , but I have really dark under-eye circles , and this works wonderfully on them . The coverage is definitely light , but it can be layered on as needed , and it does n't crease , even without a primer . Also , it does n't have the orange-ish tint that so many concealers do -LRB- at least not number 2 -RRB- .
 Due to Cargo 's sale in Sephora I picked this up and my shade is # 45 which fits my skin tone perfectly . I do not want a full face of foundation , I usually just want to brighten up my eye area and cover a few spots . This onebase works great . I 've also used it as a foundation lightly on my cheeks and around the lip area . Its a lighter coverage , allows my natural skin to show through , and it feels nice on the skin . I would purchase again , its very easy to use and great for travel . The downside is that the color range is n't that great , so only a small percentage of people will really reap the benefits from this product .
 I used this concealer for my wedding . it arrived just a couple of days before the wedding , so I did n't have a chance to try it out . I took the risk and applied it on my wedding day . It worked GREAT ! It covered up all those little things that I do n't want to have to remember in pictures for the rest of my life . It blended very nicely with my skin and looked very natural . Several of my friends commented on my makeup and I really think this concealer and other subtle foundation products that I used were the reason the makeup looked nice and lasted all night . I will use it whenever I have a special occassion or just when I want to cover up the bags and blotches .
 I have oily skin which breaks out often along my chin line.This product has good coverage but what I love most is thatit blends in with my skin tone perfectly . I simply apply itin the breakout areas and then feather it out . Because itblends in so well with my own skin color , I do n't need to applyit all over , just in areas I want to cover .
 Works great as a concealer , covers dark circles under the eyes , spider veins around the nose and blends in easily so you do n't even have to wear foundation all over your face if you choose not to after applying a few dabs here and there .
 My 13 year old daughter uses this daily as a concealer and as a foundation . It is fantastic . I 've used it myself and love it as well . Really worth every dollar it costs .
 Hands down the best concealer I have used . It is not too thick , so it spreads evenly . I use it for undereye darkness and redness around my face . It is almost like a foundation -- you can use it pretty much on any part of your face and it provides good coverage . I really do n't like the heavy feeeling of makeup , and it doesnt feel like this I am wearing much of anything with Onebase . It does the trick ... my skin is so much more even when I apply it !
 I 've used this product for about 3 years now . They use to sell at Sephora and much to my dismay they took it off their shelves . Since this is a lightweight product that does not give you the chalky eye look I had to venture out to find it again . Much to my surprise I found it on Amazon and recently found out they sell them on Macys.com too . I will probably use this product for the rest of my days so long as it is still around.Pros : Last for a long timeLightweightGreat color match -LRB- I am olive skin -RRB- Great as a foundation tooIn a great tubeNever dries out the skin around the eyeLast all dayNon-Greasy feelCon : Have to search online for the product instead of walking into a store
 This is great for under eyes ... covering up pores , also can use with or without foundation . Excellent coverage feels light and dries fast ... I love it and will order it over and over again ... even my daughter uses it now. , , ,
 I initially bought this for my wedding - works great for under eye circles . Blends in really well . Also makes it very easy to conceal other small blemishes when they pop up ! Buying it from Amazon to replace my original was super easy and convenient . Glad it was available !
 This product has been around a long time ; it is all natural without some of the bad `` stuff '' that is in most fragrances.Nice clean smell ; does n't require much .
 Aramis is a great American tradition . And here on this website an affordable one . This cologne was my favorite in the 70s , then the 80s , then the 90s and still is .
 I 've tried what seems like hundreds of foundations until a saleswoman at Ulta recommended this foundation to me . I had asked her for a oil-free base that had good coverage -LRB- for days when I 've broken out or have deep circles under my eyes -RRB- . She recommended this , I tried it on in the store with a friend , and I 've been buying it for about a year now . I prefer to use the sponge it comes with instead of a brush because it gives me more control and provides better coverage of flaws . Because it 's a powder makeup , it 's easy to reapply either in small areas or all over should I need to do so . The shade I use matches my skin perfectly . For a high end cosmetic product , the price is reasonable . I recommend using a good primer with this and all foundations . Lorac 's Wet/Dry Powder is much easier to apply evenly if you 're using a primer first . It also stays on longer with a primer .
 I have sensitive skin , and I have used this powder for years without a problem . The powder can also be used wet for more coverage -LRB- closer to using foundation -RRB- . The powder arrived quickly in perfect condition .
 best powder you can buy and a great place to get it rather than going to store to get it if you already know your color match .
 I could not find this product in any store . I have a cat who has occasional acne and my vet said to use this product . It works great .
 I love this night cream -- my cheeks and forehead -LRB- my trouble spots -RRB- have not felt so soft and supple in years . I have tried many more expensive creams only to be disappointed that either they were too weak or they caused me to break out -- neither is true of this . Boots is a long hailed European name , it is great that we can now have easy access at such affordable prices . I would definitely recommend this product to my friends and family -LRB- in fact I talked my sister into trying it already -RRB- .
 i have intense combination skin
 I love this using this night cream during warm weather months . -LRB- I 've also posted a review for the Boots Botanics Nourishing Night Cream , which I use during the winter . -RRB- This settles into your skin nicely , is light but moisture-full , and I even use a little on my scalp in the winter after washing my hair ! Great value .
 Do n't get me wrong . I love my Diorissimo and Parisienne , but nothing -- nothing -- draws compliments like this one . Its just-out-of-the-shower , lemonyL ` eau D'issey By Issey Miyake For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 Ouncesscent will raise the well-being level of everyone it comes into contact with .
 Imagination and innovation are hallmarks of designer Issye Miyake . Born in Hiroshima where he was a student of graphic design -LRB- think his `` Pleats Please '' line -RRB- , he later moved to Paris where he worked for Guy Laroche and Hubert de Givenchy.In the late 1960s he moved to New York and the salon of Geoffrey Beene . Just a short jump from there to opening his own studio two years later . The rest is couture history and today his clothing is worn by the very fashionable.Miyake brought the same exuberance to the creation of his fragrance that he brought to his designs . While it is a floral essence , it is enhanced with a variety of flower scents
 I received this product as a sample and loved it . It has a very clean , light scent - exactly what I was looking for . And it dries nicely too . I was smelling my wrist all day . I 'll definitely be ordering this !
 I love this scent . It 's light and not overpowering . I 've worn it for several years , and seldom wear anything else . I bought it through Amazon because the price was much better than I had found anywhere else .
 Wonderful , classic fragrance - feminine and floral but enough of a woodsy note to not be too flowery - smells classy and expensive - goes from blue jeans to ballrooms with ease . This is one of my favorite scents . It is unique , not overpowering , and memorable . You 'll get many compliments wearing this . A great gift , as well .
 This is the second time I purchased L'eau D'issey for my wife . It is an excellent Eau De Toilette . Very long lasting and has become one of her favorites . I HIGHLY reccomend it .
 This is my favorite perfume ! It 's smells great ... kind of like flowers and spices ; plus it 's not too expensive .
 My girlfriend loves this stuff ... I have no knowledge of what its like or anything but the gals seem to like it a lot .
 I asked my dentist 's assistant what her wonderful perfume was . I ordered L'eau d'Issy the next day . I love it ; fresh light & clear scent . Not over powering . Just had a manicure the other day . Receptionist noticed my perfume & asked about it , as did others in the salon . We all feel it has a familiar smell but can not identify just what it reminds one of . Allusive !
 The best deal I 've seen on the website . It 's even better than in Nordstorm Rack and Perfumania.Love it , love it , love it !
 All I wanted for Christmas was my Issey ... . and I got it . Amazons prices are the best . Try it you will love it &#62; &#62;
 L'eau De Issy by Issey Miyake For Women has been one of my favorite fragrances for a very long time . This is my 4th bottle . It has such a nice clean scent and I get so many compliments on it .
 I love the smell , and so does my wife . :-RRB- She was so happy that I got it for her that she is still thanking me .
 This frangrance is timeless and I have always been an Issey customer . It just has its own different , soft and warm smelll . I am definately getting this again once it is finished . I recommend this for your suttle and classy women out there .
 This fragrance is one of the best I have ever had . I am so happy that it comes in roll on as I am unable to use sprays . I intend to purchase another bottle soon .
 This perfume is so wonderfully light and floral . I 've never received as many compliments on a perfume as this one .
 The very contemporary design of this perfume bottle lets you know that a master designer is at work . It 's sleek and state of the art - very much like all from Miyake 's studio.Imagination and innovation are hallmarks of designer Issye Miyake . Born in Hiroshima where he was a student of graphic design -LRB- think his `` Pleats Please '' line -RRB- , he later moved to Paris where he worked for Guy Laroche and Hubert de Givenchy.In the late 1960s he moved to New York and the salon of Geoffrey Beene . Just a short jump from there to opening his own studio two years later . The rest is couture history and today his clothing is worn by the very fashionable.Miyake brought the same exuberance to the creation of his fragrance that he brought to his designs . While it is a floral essence , it is enhanced with a variety of flower scents
 A large beautiful bottle of a sensual soft fragrance , reminds me a bit like the oil ` Egyptian musk ' except slightly more spicy .
 bought this long ago at a shop in Berkeley - never saw it again . Googled the name on the label and came up with AMazon ! who knew ! delighted to have this lovely fragrance again - and cheaper !
 My sister wears this perfume and I did not think I could afford it , but this was an excellent deal . The smell is not too heavy and not to light -- quite distinctive .
 I swear by Cargo One Base for light coverage . I do n't wear foundation on my whole face , but I have really dark under-eye circles , and this works wonderfully on them . The coverage is definitely light , but it can be layered on as needed , and it does n't crease , even without a primer . Also , it does n't have the orange-ish tint that so many concealers do -LRB- at least not number 2 -RRB- .
 Due to Cargo 's sale in Sephora I picked this up and my shade is # 45 which fits my skin tone perfectly . I do not want a full face of foundation , I usually just want to brighten up my eye area and cover a few spots . This onebase works great . I 've also used it as a foundation lightly on my cheeks and around the lip area . Its a lighter coverage , allows my natural skin to show through , and it feels nice on the skin . I would purchase again , its very easy to use and great for travel . The downside is that the color range is n't that great , so only a small percentage of people will really reap the benefits from this product .
 I used this concealer for my wedding . it arrived just a couple of days before the wedding , so I did n't have a chance to try it out . I took the risk and applied it on my wedding day . It worked GREAT ! It covered up all those little things that I do n't want to have to remember in pictures for the rest of my life . It blended very nicely with my skin and looked very natural . Several of my friends commented on my makeup and I really think this concealer and other subtle foundation products that I used were the reason the makeup looked nice and lasted all night . I will use it whenever I have a special occassion or just when I want to cover up the bags and blotches .
 I have oily skin which breaks out often along my chin line.This product has good coverage but what I love most is thatit blends in with my skin tone perfectly . I simply apply itin the breakout areas and then feather it out . Because itblends in so well with my own skin color , I do n't need to applyit all over , just in areas I want to cover .
 Works great as a concealer , covers dark circles under the eyes , spider veins around the nose and blends in easily so you do n't even have to wear foundation all over your face if you choose not to after applying a few dabs here and there .
 My 13 year old daughter uses this daily as a concealer and as a foundation . It is fantastic . I 've used it myself and love it as well . Really worth every dollar it costs .
 Hands down the best concealer I have used . It is not too thick , so it spreads evenly . I use it for undereye darkness and redness around my face . It is almost like a foundation -- you can use it pretty much on any part of your face and it provides good coverage . I really do n't like the heavy feeeling of makeup , and it doesnt feel like this I am wearing much of anything with Onebase . It does the trick ... my skin is so much more even when I apply it !
 I 've used this product for about 3 years now . They use to sell at Sephora and much to my dismay they took it off their shelves . Since this is a lightweight product that does not give you the chalky eye look I had to venture out to find it again . Much to my surprise I found it on Amazon and recently found out they sell them on Macys.com too . I will probably use this product for the rest of my days so long as it is still around.Pros : Last for a long timeLightweightGreat color match -LRB- I am olive skin -RRB- Great as a foundation tooIn a great tubeNever dries out the skin around the eyeLast all dayNon-Greasy feelCon : Have to search online for the product instead of walking into a store
 This is great for under eyes ... covering up pores , also can use with or without foundation . Excellent coverage feels light and dries fast ... I love it and will order it over and over again ... even my daughter uses it now. , , ,
 I initially bought this for my wedding - works great for under eye circles . Blends in really well . Also makes it very easy to conceal other small blemishes when they pop up ! Buying it from Amazon to replace my original was super easy and convenient . Glad it was available !
 This product is wonderful on the skin . It applies smoothly and it is not greasy . I even got a couple of complements on the scent of the product . Additionally , It is parabens-free and Propylene Glycol-free . Made in Italy
 As always love this product because it gives me a nice smell without over powering me , therefore not making me feel ill . It is hard to find and I do wish it was available more often . Thanks .
 This is my favorite fragrance-Pink Peony and my favorite body cream . This is the old formula and the fragrance is very nice . The new formula is n't as good at all . I 'm glad I can still find the old one !!
 So happy to finally find this again on Amazon . My mother loves this great refreshing scent.I also order this beautiful scent for myself . it 's gorgeous .
 Perlier Parfums of Milano has created a fragrance both subtle and elegant . The Pink Peony body lotion and hand cream are luxurious treatments that nourish , soften and gently scent your skin . Love it !
 This skin cream is such a lovely fragrance , the prettiest I have found in many years . Just a little on one 's hands or forerms is adequate for a lovely aura about the one using it . Really , no additional perfume is needed , altho Perlier has the fragrance in a perfume also . The cream is very soothing and smooth .
 A bright , soft , golden scent ; rich , but not overpowering . Very feminine , but not a `` sweet '' scent . Also , it lasts all day . Beautiful , and worth the money .
 This is the very common fragrance that you would love to wear on all day along . A mild but very captivating fragrance . I could have given 5 stars but since the shipping from Tuccini was delayed I give 1 star less to it . Otherwise I recommend everyone to use this product at lease once .
 This product was great and for an amazingly low price . Will definitely buy from this seller again !
 The men 's cologne smells wonderful on my Husband . I was hoping that it was going to be a winner and it is !
 I get this often for my grown sons ... they love it and so do their spouses . It 's always a favorite .
 This is my husband 's favorite cologne . I purchased it as a christmas gift . Amazon sells it at a great price !
 This is an excellent perfume . It smells good , I highly recommend this product due to its quality . I love this fragance , specially at night
 Excellent for day-to-day use . Totally worth its price , in fact much more . I would strongly suggest this for a normal daily use -LRB- sicne its very cheap -RRB- and Acqa di gio for special occasions .
 I got my product very fast . No lag , no delay no complains :-RRB- thanks !
 This is one of my favorite colonges , I 'd buy it by the gallon and take a bath in it if I could ! -LRB- might be a little expensive though -RRB- . A little spicey and a little fruity , a great combination for a colonge -LRB- I know a few people that could be described that way too -RRB- ! I really enjoy mixing this with Eternity , which softens the aroma and blends together perfectly.I 'm very pleased with my purchase and got a great deal through Amazon !
 When you are working , you want something light . This has a clean non musky scent , more like an ocean breeze .
 Hugo Boss is definitely an interesting and yummy cologne for men . I bought Gio Armani for husband in the past . However , the price for a small bottle turned us away from it . The size of the bottle and the price makes this a great value.One word of caution is to go easy with the amount that you spray on . It is potent . My husband normally squirts 3 sprays onto his neck . He started out with one spray and it is strong . The aroma lasts all day . It is sweet and spicey which makes it unique.While I was nervous to buy a cologne without testing it first , it was a no-brainer after reading reviews on other websites . You will not regret purchasing this cologne !
 My latest obsession is with colognes and I bought all 10 of the ones mentioned in `` So you want to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon.com , plus a few others . They have n't all arrived yet , but I have to say that this cologne is awesome . It 's a brighter and more cheery scent -LRB- if there is such a thing -RRB- than Cool Water which is also pretty dern good , and less citrusy than Tommy . The price is pretty mid-range for the designer colognes and both my wife and I love it . It is not pretentious , more fun-loving and great for all occasion wear and lasts a long time . The high notes last maybe 2-3 hours but the lingering scent is fine all on its own . I am going through this much quicker than the others with Candies being a close second . If you 're willing to spend the money get this one , if you 'd like to spend ten or fifteen bucks less for another great one get CANDIES which is more spicy but still awesome as well . I liked this one so much that I have HUGO DARK BLUE on its way and look forward to reviewing it for you . Hope this helps !
 The particular men 's cologne has been my favorite for years . Hard not to appreciate it when women have stopped me on the street and say `` what is that fragrance . . I want it for my husband '' and '' . . oh , you smell so good '' . Not so sure my wife appreciates those comments , but it does make her smile.Delivery was excellent and very timely .
 I absolutely love this cologne ! It smells fantastic , lasts a long time , and always gets great compliments!I had used this cologne several years ago , but had moved on to trying others since then . Other colognes smelled nice , but just were n't quite of the same caliber as Hugo . So , when it was time to buy a new cologne , I had to have this fantastic fragrance again.I 'm glad I decided to buy this one again ! It was like coming back to an old friend . This fragrance is the best around , in my opinion . It 's also well priced for the 5oz . bottle . Do yourself a favor and buy this cologne NOW !
 Classy scent that stays all day long . Suitable for work.Stains on light colored fabric . However , it does wash away after laundry .
 My GF has worn this for 2yrs , and by general &#34; relationship &#34; rules , this meant I could only enjoy the amazing scent . HAHA , LIZ !! It 's MINE NOW , BABYDOLL.If you 're a guy , it will definitely drive the ladies wild ! Good for you , but be respectful of women 's issues - they matter to all women , If you 're a gay guy , you 're probably all over this & do n't need MY fashion advice.If you 're a straight woman , you 'd be shocked at how amazingly hot some men 's scents on you ... very nice.If you 're a non-straight woman , -LRB- myself , for example -RRB- , you KNOW this scent is subtle , clean , fresh w/something in it , pheromones that do n't stink like other pheromones ... BUY IT , you will not be sorry . And neither will your SO , 1st date , whoever your crushing on ...
 I 've tried many and I keep coming back to this one . Noteably , of the many I 've tried , this one always draws compliments . Also , this does have a hint of citrus , and if you 're the kind of person who gives weight to studies of human sexuality you might be interested to know that it 's been shown that women are turned on by citrus scents .
 I have about 6 to 8 different cologne . This is the only one that I use reguarly . I already finished one bottle and bought a 2nd one .
 buen d&iacute;a con todos ... Las fragancias llegaron en el tiempo estimado y en perfectas condiciones , se los recomiendo muy excelente gracias .
 GOOD SCENT ! CANT BEAT THE PRICE WOULD DO BUISNESS WITH AGAIN ... THE SCENT LASTS FOR AWHILE AS LONG AS YOU DO AS LEAST THREE GOOD SPRAYS
 muy serios con el env&iacute;o , todo lleg&oacute; al lugar de destino sin ninguna novedad , recomiendo este art&iacute;culo a todos , muy seria la tienda a la que le hice la compra
 Yo recib&iacute; este producto en perfectas condiciones . El pedido se correspondia con lo que yo compr&eacute; , Fue una muy buena experiencia de compra
 My son has been using Hugo for many years and it 's the only mens cologne that he will wear . It smells fine to us after he puts it on which is a plus .
 recommend the product is absolutely perfect and original , responsible and sent within the stipulated time without any problem ! thanks for serving
 I gave this product 5 stars because it is exactly what I thought it would be . Smells nice on my fiance !
 I liked a lot this product , Thanks for all and for a faster shippment . I really will by with you other product .
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 I was n't too sure about this scent at first . It reminds me a lot of `` Liz Claiborne for Men '' cologne -LRB- which I had a couple bottles of when I was younger & loved -RRB- . I just went with my memory of smelling this at a random mall when I was a kid , and all of the 5 star reviews on here . The package arrived on time and in great condition . Upon opening , I noticed that the bottle -LRB- which is a HUGE 5 ouncer btw -RRB- ... was a `` tester '' bottle . This does n't concern me , but I figured I would let any collectors beware.I basically just got this for something casual I could wear at work . When I first sprayed it on me , I thought it was a bit too girly -LRB- perfumy -RRB- , but it must have just been me , because I got a few girls -LRB- older & younger -RRB- and they all agreed it was n't too girly , and they seemed to just love it . They said it was n't too over powering -LRB- like a lot of men 's cologne -RRB- & it was a nice `` clean & fresh '' smell . I also noticed that only a couple sprays to the shirt seemed to last throughout my work day -LRB- a good 8 hrs -RRB- . So , all in all , I would definitely recommend this & make sure you take advantage of the always awesome Amazon sale price . I looked at a few other sites online and this was by far the cheapest .
 what a great price for this cologne and I am so glad I found it . Also package was wrapped the right way and showed up very fast .
 This is one of my favorite colognes that I like to keep around . Flowery/perfum-ie yet very masculine with a hint of sandalwood . I recommend this product . Lasts most of the day .
 `` Ahhhhhhh '' ... . Every time my husband wears this , which is every day , this is what I say . It 's so him . It may smell a little strong at first to some but once that eases up then what is left is a soft and romantic scent .
 It 's a great gift for men . Smell is very solid and manly . It 's NOT knock off , it 's very genuine , smell is long lasting and even packaging is great . Nothing is damage and price is just so affordable and great
 Used this product before and was very satisfied . It arrived promptly when I reordered and is all I expected.Hugo by Hugo Boss For Men . Aftershave 3.4-Ounces
 The item arrived in great shape . This is a great scent for men ! You ca n't go wrong at this price !
 Pleasant aroma , can be used on any occasion . He has good size and packaging . With a spray enough to smell it . recommended
 I bought this as a gift for my son , he loves this stuff . Not only was the price great but the service was as well.I received my tracking number the next day , and the cologne came earlier than expected . My son recommended this seller because he has always had a smooth experience with them . Definitely look to this seller for low priced perfume & cologne you wo n't be disappointed .
 Every man must have this cologne ! it smell , so clean , fresh , I 'm in love with this cologne , buy it ! you wo n't regret !
 I have used Boss for a long , long time and it is the best.Chas E. Moser
 AFTER READING YOUR REVIEWS , I THOUGHT I TRY THIS PRODUCT FOR MY HUSBAND AS A GIFT . BOY , WAS I IN FOR A SUPRISE.THE HUGO BOSS WAS AWESOME . A SEXY SMELLING COLOGNE I COULD JUST NOT QUIT SMELLING UP CLOSE ON HIM , LOL.BUT A LITTLE OF THIS PRODUCT , ONE SQUIRT , GOES A LONG WAY AND LASTS ALL DAY.MY HUSBAND WEARS THIS EVERY DAY STARTING AM AND I GOT TO CALLING HIM MY HUGO MAN . I HAVE ONLY POSITIVE THINGS TO SAY ABOUT THIS PRODUCT AND WE BOTH JUST LOVE IT.I VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.VERY HAPPY CUSTOMERS FROM MAINE
 I smell this on a man , almost regardless of who he is , and I am his to do as he wishes.Fantastic scent . Masculine but not overwhelming.Delicious and yummy on a man 's skin .
 Yo uso 2 perfumes este lo utilizo diariamente , desde hace unos 8 a & ntilde ; os , es muy rico . Se los recomiendo . A todas las mujeres que se les acerquen les encantar&aacute;
 My friend told me this one was good , and I trusted her choice so I actually bought Hugo Boss without smelling it first , but it turns out to be a great cologne for men . It is not for you if you do n't like a mild strong sense like lacoste essential , but it 's got a good every day smell , and I wear daily . So if you are looking for a cologne that you can wear everyday , hugo boss is a good choice , or just something from like Calvin Klein or Tommy Hilfiger will do the job .
 When I first got it , I did n't like the smell . After a few hours I smelled it again and I loved the smell . The smell is decent .
 Excelente Producto y vendedor Muy atento lo recomiendo al 100 % era Justo Lo Que est & iexcl ; ba Buscando saludos desde venezuela Erick Lopez
 The fragrance is subtle and yet lasting . It is not loud and I can wear it on most occasions . The fragrance seems masculine though slightly fruity . I like it .
 What is pictured is n't exactly how it looks when you receive it -LRB- I believe a previous buyer uploaded a picture of what it actually looks like -RRB- ; but it is the Hugo by Hugo Boss . So what I received was exactly what I wanted ; and I found this large bottle cheaper here on Amazon then the other websites I visited .
 I 've been wearing this cologne for years and it never fails to please . Occasionally , I 'll get the ` mmm ... you smell good ' comment , inevitably followed by the ` hey , you know you can buy razors in a 10 pack for about seven bucks ' comment . This is a light scent , clean , not too sweet and not much spice . As with all colognes , it fades somewhat after application , but that does n't give you license to empty the bottle in your pants in the morning . A shot on the neck , one on the chest , and one on the wrist will fully cover you for the day . If people can smell you from more than about 2-3 feet , you 've abused your cologne and should give to someone who knows how to properly wear it , i.e. me . Either that or you just need a bath.The bottle I bought here seems to be the same as what I used to buy at Macy 's for a lot more money . There were no packaging anomalies as noted by other reviewers , and I do n't think this is a knock-off from Istanbul , China , etc. . I am personally delighted , as are those who share the elevator with me .
 I bought this product to give as a birthsday present and I very happy because my friends told me it was a very good present
 I bought this because it was on the top ten colognes for men on some site i went too on google . Anyways , it smells really great and lasts all day . I work in a corporate office and its 8 hour days and this scent lasts well pass the time i get home . Warning
 I got this for my husband and he likes it very much and wears it every day . Also , relatively affordable . The delivery was fast , too !
 My order arrived a day early from Amazon . -LRB- Always a good thing -RRB- ... . The cologne smells great and another to add to my small collection . I do n't think anyone would dislike this fragrance . I also like Cool Water too and will be getting a few more in the future based on reviews on Amazon and the Internet . The 1.7 ounce is n't too small and if you 're not sure what size to get in case you might not like the smell it 's the safest and cheapest way to find out . This should last at least a year with the other choices I have . Buy it ... you 'll like it .
 I love this product . It smells wonderful , is not nauseating , and lasts a long time . However , these opinions are only mine . Smell it for yourself before you buy . Thanks .
 this is a great product i will purchase it again , through my favority shopping site AMAZON
 I just found this product when i met my new boyfriend . This is all he wears and i just love it . He gets compliments on it all the time .
 Awesome , came fast lowest price I could find on any website . No longer can get it in store . Will purchase again in future .
 it was excelent , on time , good quality and good price for these classic ! i really like these product for everything .
 la compre para un regalo y la persona qued&oacute; muy contenta y agradecida asi que 5 estrellas por hugo boss
 muy bueno el perfume . el olor es ideal para los hombres que les agrade oler rico . lo recomiendo . el vendedor muy puntual
 I love this smell on my husband ! It reminds me of when we first got together ... 6 almost 7 years ago ... It smell great and I was able to get it at a great price right here on Amazon !!!
 Great cologne and there is no way you will beat this price . I have looked in malls , stores , online , and in duty free shops in airports all over the world .
 Este art&iacute;culo es muy bueno , yo qued&eacute; muy satisfecho con &eacute;sta compra , creo que la relaci&oacute;n costo-beneficio es excelente , por lo tanto recomiendo este producto .
 Not much to say here . I did n't like the smell myself , but I knew some girls who did and some who did n't . So it 's an experiment .
 The scent is fresh a classic and lasts 4 to 6 hours . . Best price I found.I will be back for more .
 The number of sales this product has itself speaks the quality and the fragrance this has . I have made it my trademark fragrance . Its classy + sporty . You can wear this while going for a meeting while going for a game of snookers you can wear it on when u go clubbing . This is one perfume I have come across which can be worn irrespective of where you going to.I am waiting for atleast one competitor close to this product . I bet there will be none in the near future . I have tried different perfumes of different brands and classes . Nothing could match this one . You can be sure if you are in a crowd , some one would say wow ... If you are driving or in a closed group of people , you may be asked , which one are you wearing ?? Trust me , its worth the price .
 it was a good deal for me , nice gift with a very affordable price . thanks
 I think this is one of the better fragrances I have ever used . It lasts long and is very soothing . . It might initially be little overwhelming but I liek that kinda cologne . Its definately worth a try
 I am very satisfied with this purchase . A great product for a great price , and what is better , It did n't take much to get to me !
 The very fact that this product is a favorite for many folks even after 15 years of its release speaks volumes about it quality . Got 5 oz for $ 38 , which I believe was a very good price . Definitely lasts long -LRB- some reviewers said it does n't -RRB- . I am very happy with the product and the purchase .
 A classic cologne that wo n't get you any originality points but will definitely get compliments .
 I bought this for my brother as a gift and he absolutely loves it . My brother had asthma when he was younger so he is very finicky when it comes to perfumes . The scent is easy on the nose -LRB- I 'm a girl -RRB- and not overpowering like some men 's perfumes are . The only thing that confused me at first was that several sites did not list the perfume as Hugo by Hugo Boss . Instead it was listed as Hugo Boss period . There are two divisions - Hugo and Boss - so it is very important to separate the two . Anyway , I would buy from this seller again . I would recommend this to any guy who wants to smell great and classy .
 I receive many compliments on this , and I like it too . It is light and slightly ocean/citrus smelling .
 I bought this for my husband . it is the only cologne he will use . We both love it
 I literally just sprayed this Hugo Boss cologne and had to write a review . Based on the positive reviews , I decided to pick up some Hugo Boss for the first time . To be perfectly honest , I am completely blown away ! I love the way it smells . It has a sweet scent and is not too overpowering nor weak . I am very confident that this will bring lots of compliments from the ladies . I encourage you to give Hugo Boss a shot . It definitely deserves 5 stars !
 the package was n't tampered with . great cent from the item . you pay for what you get for so great on that part .
 Thank you for the quick service and great product ! I really like this product and your quick service and reasonable price was exactly what I wanted . Thanxs !
 I got this for my husband for Christmas and we both LOVE it ! I love smelling it on him and he enjoys wearing it . It seems to be a powerful scent but definitely not too overbearing . He 's also received a lot of compliments about how nice he smells so it 's not just us ! I was thrilled to find such a good buy on this large bottle of this cologne on Amazon -- better price than I could have found elsewhere . Both my husband and I are delighted with this purchase and will look to do more cologne/perfume shopping on Amazon in the future as this was my first scent purchase online . Thanks !
 Very good colony of Hugo ... differs from the others , gives character and elegance ... I recommend ... came all too well , the package arrived in perfect condition to enjoy ... !
 Got this for my hubby for our anniversary and he was so delighted . I received it in time and packaged very well , and the price was excellent ! Thank you !
 I 've been using this fragrance since it first came out and will use it ; until I die or the product dies . At my last purchase ; Amazon was not the best price and I bought it from Perfumania.com . NEVER order from that company ; even if you do find they are less expensive . The misery their customer service will put you through it NOT worth the savings .
 40 $ worth Spent , The fragrance is simply breathtaking.Loved by all ... every single person asks what perfume is this ... my girlfriend adores it ... and i m loving it :-RRB- Thumbs up Hugo : -RRB- Highly Recommended .
 I have been using Hugo Boss original -LRB- this review is only for original hugo boss -RRB- since 1999 when I received it as gift . Bingo ! I fell in love with this perfume , not like I fell in love with women . My love for this perfume still going , but love for women has changed many times since then -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . Will buy it again and again without any reservation.By the way , women love this perfume , very `` mennen '' as they say and tender at the same !!!
 I bought this at the store the other day after reading some of the reviews . I have to say after two sprays it was very potent but after 5 minutes or so the potent smell goes away and your left with a very pleasant cologne which lasted all day .
 Nice clean scent . The balsam really stands out . I received a lot of compliments while wearing this cologne . The scent lasted all day , without making me consciously aware of the fact that I was wearing cologne . I usually buy CK products , but this is a nice change of pace .
 This is my favorite cologne of all time . Ensuring its the Eau De Toilette , 3 squirts will last you all day . Very strong but subtle fragrance . Well done Hugo Boss .
 I have used this product since I was in Jr. . High it has served its purpose since then so I will probably not switch to a different one .
 this cologne has went from `` eh '' to `` yuuuuuuum '' in the span of a couple of daysat first i didnt like the smell because it almost hurt my nose , so I didnt use it for a while . I was disappointed because a lot of reviewers here said it was good . Also , I sprayed some on my pillow for a longevity test when I first bought it -LRB- weird yes , but I wanted to test if it was one of those fake colognes that only last 10 mminutes -RRB- After a 2 day break from Hugo I decided to try it again , since I didnt want to think that i lost 30 dollars for nothing . when i sprayed it again the smell was great and I was VERY confused because it smelled a lot better after I let the cologne bottle sit for a few days on my shelf . When I read that the first note was green apple , I knew that 's what I smelled like.The length of time this thing stays on you is crazu -LRB- I sprayed it on my pillow around 2 in the afternoon and could still smell it after I woke up -RRB- my shirt from the first spray I didnt like also retained the scent -LRB- i guess i had to let it sit for a few days in order to actually like it -RRB- I would definitely reccommend this , but if you do not like it at first I would definitly suggest that try it again
 una fragancia muy suev y exclente de las fragancias que he comprado de hugo boss esta es la mejor me encanta
 SMELLS GREAT ... MY HUSBAND LIKES AND ME TOOO ON HIM ... I RECOMMEND.OHHH AND WE ARE SENIORS ; -RRB-
 I got this as a gift from my wife , this is my first time i used it . My initial reaction to the bottle was - that looks ok except that it has to be screwed and unscrewed to use it . That is one small extra stuff ritee in the morning . The fragrance is outstanding , its a day long perfume - nt the bold strong types . So I really find it as great office perfume or for that matter a any day perfume.One last not so positive observation - the outlet of the perfume - does spray instead more like shoots out in a straight stream like manner . I have used only Ralph polo - all of them till so . SO this seem like a all together diff one - but equally good.In one line - Fragrance is amazing , bottle needs a lot of work
 I bought this before a few years ago and just ordered it again yesterday . I bought it for my man and he loves it so much that he wanted another one . I love to smell it on my man too . :o-RRB- I looked all over the place and could not find it . I think I bought the first one at SAMS years ago , and I do n't see it there anymore . I bought him another Hugo Boss cologne , and he did n't like it as much as this one . Anyway , I 'm so glad I found it here at Amazon .
 EL ENVIO FUE MUY RAPIDO , Y EL PRODUCTO EXCELENTE ! ! LO RECOMIENDO . FUE EXACTAMENTE LO QUE PEDI , GRACIAS SALUDOS DESDE CCS - VENEZUELA .
 I have not strayed from the couple of colognes I have worn over the years until I discovered Hugo a couple years ago and pretty much use nothing but this all the time . I do n't have a great sense of smell so I ca n't smell it too much about an hour after having put it on . But the first time I went out with my girlfriend , I had met her 12 hrs after I had put it on and she commented on what an unbelievable scent it was and that was from only two sprays early in the morning . So definitely a strong scent for sure , which in my opinion , the combination of both lasting and great smelling makes this potentially the best cologne out there . After all , why spend $ 80 for a cheap little bottle of some other name brand cologne that smells like scented alcohol , when you can get a 5 oz bottle of this for under $ 50 . Not only does the scent last throughout the day , but the bottle lasts a long time too . I have never worn a cologne that gets so many unsolicited positive comments from women , they truly LOVE the scent . So single guys , if you want to show women you have a `` classy '' scent and do n't want to overwhelm them and be the subject of jokes behind your back , buy this cologne , you wo n't be sorry . And ladies , if your boyfriends/husbands are stuck wearing old school products that their dad 's wore in the 50 's and want your man to smell a bit `` regal '' and nice , then buy this cologne for them , because you wont ' be sorry either . Thank you Hugo Boss for such a tremendous product
 Hugo by Hugo Boss is unique enough to warrant compliments whenever you put it on , but still light enough for everyday use . A little bit goes a long way and the scent will stay with you all day . My last bottle went almost a full year before going empty , and that was with constant use . My favorite cologne !!
 The Hugo by Hugo Boss came in a different bottle than the one pictured here . The front of the bottle simply read HUGO in red large capital letters with HUGO BOSS underneath in smaller red capital letters . Aside from the difference of labeling , the fragrance is exactly what it should be and priced right .
 Got this for my boyfriend and WOW !!! I absolutely love how he smells wearing it plus he really likes it too . I recently got him the large size bottle so he does n't run out ... . Highly recommend .
 I bought this perfume last month and the smell is fantastic . I want to warn anybody who wants to purchase this product the smell only lasts for 1-2 hours and I was disappointed with that and I was hoping for more . If you are going to use it for a short period then that is OK otherwise look for something else .
 This cologne smells great and always gets compliments . This is my standard date cologne , and it has a proven track record , as far as I am concerned . The smell wafts out and draws her in closer without being overpowering . Once she gets close , it locks on like a JDAM and explodes in her brain .
 I have been using Hugo Boss for the last 10 years and I love the way it smells . . all the ladies love how I smell in the morning when I walk into the office building . I tottaly recomend this item for any guy that like to get attention.Thank you Hugo Boss.oh the purchase and delivery from AMAZON was amasing also . super fast . even tho they said it was going to take up to 8 days to deliver it was withing 3 days . Awesome !!!
 `` No CABE Duda Que es Una de las Mejores Fragancias elaboradas Por Hugo Boss , es La Tercera Vez Que adquiero la fragancia Pero en Envase de 100 ml . La recomiendo ampliamente ''
 My favorite fragrance on my husband . So happy to find it here - getting tough to find in local stores .
 i love hugo . hoping to get a bigger bottle but this is all i can afford right now . but it was nice to be able to get some
 I have been wearing this cologne for some time now and women always tell me that I smell nice when wearing it . Great price and deal for Prime Members !
 5/5 Stars . I received a small bottle of Hugo as a gift a couple years ago , and it lasted me ages , but I ran out . I ordered this , and the bottle is huge ! 3.3 oz is apparently a lot bigger than I thought . If you use it only for dates , business , dinners , etc. you should be able to get at least 1-2 years of use out of this one bottle.Effectiveness : Any time I wear Hugo when I go out or spend time around girls or women , I receive compliments on the scent . It works like a charm , and does not overpower the nose like many Axe sprays or other spray deodorants . It 's a sweet , classy scent , and I have n't met a lady yet who did n't enjoy it . The most common description I hear is that I smell &#34; delicious . &#34; Thank you , Hugo Boss !
 My father has worn this cologne , and only this cologne my whole life . The fragrance is a very clean , masculine scent that does n't over power the senses of everyone around the wearer -LRB- if they stick to the ` dab will do ya ' motto -RRB- . When he asked us to purchase it as a Christmas gift , retail stores had it marked at near $ 100 everywhere we went . I found it on here for less than half the price , for 2 more ounces than what stores offered for that outrageous price . The 5 ounce bottle will last him at least two years , and again is the only fragrance he will wear . It 's worth the investment , especially at that price tag !
 really good product and just what i expected , is get on time and is just beautiful and original botton line i love it
 I love this product , really good for any kind of men.Hugo Boss is the best for women and men !!
 product not in a sealed box . I called the dealer who explained that all Boss products from UK are not sealed in cellophane . Any way it was a gift and the receiver said he liked it .
 This product has always rated 5 stars in my book ... Women take heed
 I 'm doing this review for my boyfriend.I bought this for him as a present , cause he was running out of his 5.0 ounce bottle.I purchased the 3.3 oz.I LOVE THIS COLOGNE !!!!! I love the smell , aroma , whatever . It 's sexy !!! LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!I want my Man to smell delicious !
 After using various colognes throughout the years , I picked this up to try as a new scent as I was sick of my old CK cologne . I have never received more compliments on a scent than I have wearing this . Definitely good for attracting attention from the fairer sex , it is the one they grab to remind them of you . A great , long lasting scent , I use 2 sprays in the morning and it 's still noticeable in the evening . It never overpowers your sense of smell . If you 're considering this scent , do yourself a favor and buy it now .
 I love this fragrance . Shopping for Hugo Boss , Amazon came up with awesome deals . I do not like to buy online , but gave it a try and was it turned out to be a great experience.My product was delivered before time . It arrived in perfect shape -LRB- NEW -RRB- . And the price was great !! Double thumbs up to Amazon.com for a great job !
 This scent drives my wife absolutely crazy . To top it off it is significantly cheaper here than at our local stores .
 Shipping was quick . Great price . The real deal.I was a little leary about ordering a fragrance online , as you just never really know . The sent is good , it lasts a long time , and was a great price .
 Product arrived in great condition . It was a Christmas present for my husband . We love the scent , but just wish it was a little less pricey . However , after shopping around , it was the cheapest at Amazon !
 This is my and my husband 's favorite men 's cologne . Since we 've been on a tighter budget , we have n't purchased it in a while but what a great price for the large bottle ! It 's bigger than the last bottle we bought at full price and we paid less this time ! It also arrived a few days ahead of schedule so it 's here in time for Christmas . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 Bought item in a deal , only for 33 bucks plus shipping . Just love the scent of this lotion . Girls love it . Most definitely recommend for others to purchase .
 I ordered this product two days ago and was so delighted to receive it so fast . This was my first cologne I bought many years ago , and I am so glad that I found it on here for such a great price . It has to be the best Hugo Boss cologne ever made !!
 I 've used this cologne for eight years and still smells as good as it did the first time I put it on . My wife loved the fragrance on me when I first tried it on a cruise vacation . You ca n't go wrong with this scent . It 's Great.E . Schinasi Long Island N.Y.
 If you guys want to smell manly ... use nothing but the best , `` BOSS Number One '' , byHugo Boss . This is a great smelling product which is hard to find . I found it at Amazon.com . I 've tried getting it through other web sites that advertise it , but would get responses that they had it on back-order , or no longer available . I 've tried other fragrances , but I 'm sticking to this one . My wife also likes it very much . Go on ... give it a try !
 This cologne was just like the store at 1/2 the cost . It came in the original box and sealed . It is the real thing . I am so relieved that I can find it online at 1/2 the cost . The only complaint is that now I wear a little more than when I bought it at twice the price . I would recommend this seller to any one . I know I will be back . Thank you .
 Not too sweet and not too spicy . Hugo Boss is one of my old school favorites , ya know , high school , where you would put on half the bottle in the morning and then the other half before lunch . Definitely a smooth fragrance that has pretty good longevity throughout the day . Would definitely recommend this item to friends and strangers alike .
 i got this as a gift for my husband and the price for this 5oz version is similar to what i would have paid for the approx 3oz version in the store ... same great quality . it 's a great every day cologne that i still enjoy getting close to , even after two years .
 Ive had this fragrance several times before . I love it , and everyone that comes in contact with me seems to love it as well -LRB- especially the ladies -RRB- . the only downside is it does n't seem to last more than a few hours .
 Musky and masculine , a very classic fragrance for men . Great for people who like a more traditional scent , but if you 're looking for something different , I would n't recommend it . I have a hard time distinguishing it from my husband 's other cologne . Overall , it 's a nice fragrance , light enough to be worn everyday .
 When I received and tried the product , I found that Hugo Boss was a man 's fragrance , and I was annoyed because I thought it was going to be a woman 's fragrance . Then I said , what the heck , let me try it anyway . Women , if you 're looking to get away from all the flowery , fruity smells that are usually found in women 's fragrances , Hugo Boss is the way to go ! I have been wearing it and it does not give me a headache like so many of the other fragrances on the market .
 I love this Fragrance on my husband ! It 's one of our favorites.The first time I ever got it for him was 10 yrs ago and we 've loved it ever since .
 ordered on saturday an dgot it tuesday evening . what else should i say?i am really happy , by the product and the service.keep up the good work !!
 It is excellent . I bought it as a present for my husband and he simply loved it ... . since the day i have bought it almost everyday he wears Hugoboss and evryday asks me to get another one saying i love it ...
 This smell reminds me of a bright sunny Autumn day in the mountains with a cool breeze and all the different colors of the trees.Thats what it smells like !
 I always get very nice comments from women about the aroma of this cologne .
 This Boss spray has a clean fresh scent that 's just wonderful . There 's not much more I can say . It 's just great -- nothing too overpowering , nothing too flowery . Nice bottle too .
 This cologne is one of the best scents on the market for men . The scent is not too powerful , just fresh and clean . I think that someone who enjoys the outdoors would truly appreciate Hugo Boss -- my brother and father certainly did .
 bought to give gift to me , it 's good products . rest of the words for amazon 20 counts one two three four five six seven eight
 I have tried several colognes before , but this one is one of the best ... Also it stays all day long on your clothes ... I loved it !
 the shipment arrived on time , the price was good and hugo boss is always OKthis is where amazon shows its best value
 I love this cologne on my husband ! It arrived on time and in perfect condition . Great scent for every occasion .
 I just love Boss By Hugo Boss Number 1 for men on my husband ! He gets comments all the time from others about how good it smells on him !
 I ordered this cologne for my husband because its his favorite . I shopped in local stores for it and it was hard to find and when I did find it , the cologne was much more expensive in the stores . I knew I could get a better deal for the money from Amazon , which I did . Great price and great speedy delivery . Thanks again Amazon .
 This perfume has no add ons or anything , just a bottle , the huge pro , the quantity 5.1 oz is perfect if you want a lot of perfume for your money.So if you fancy this fragance , and want to use it everyday just buy this , I 'll last quite an amount of time .
 I bought this item for my cousin . . Ive bought him several colognes in the past . . Aqua di Gio . . Diesel . . Eternity . . Etc. . This particular one popped up as one of the sprays he used back in his early college years ... so I bought it and sent it to him as a surprise . He loves it : -RRB-
 The strong yet pleasant smell lasts long . Almost the entire day . Something that some of my more illustrious choices like Issey Miyake , Armani Mania , Burberry Brit had failed to do in the past . And the price is great too . The wife loved it . So I know that I will be buying it again and again .
 Ordered this for my significant other and it was a great gift . We used it already and recommend it to others .
 I ordered this for my dad for Christmas . He absolutely LOVED the scent ! And what a great price ! I could n't be happier with this cologne
 Definately a great smelling cologne ! My other fave was Cool Water and I loved it but this is a great , sexy , clean smell ! Yum .
 Nice item and works great ! If you are considering buying one such thing , this one must be a good buy .
 This was a gift for my dad ... the perfume arrived on time and in a good package . I am a happy customer .
 This was a great deal ! The customer service was great & the cologne was as described ! I will shop with you again !
 i receive the item more than 2 weeks . . mm but i have it so nice : Dthe product is newthanks
 I get nothing but compliments when ever I wear this product . Have used other high priced Eau De Toilette before but nothing compares to this one . Only one I 'm buying from now on .
 I love this perfume because its aroma is soft fits my style , for me this perfume is made &#8203; &#8203; for me . I rate 5 star full expectation is all todo.es is a unique one of a kind .
 M u y b u e n a l o ci &oacute; n . La r e c o miendo .
 Dryer works great - cord is way too long , though . It comes with two attachments that they do n't tell you about in the description that streamline blowdrying .
 My wife loved it is of very good quality and excellent price , very nice touch to your wife or loved
 The best under the eye and blemish concealer . I have had several of my friends take mine and I have to keep buying more . Guess I should just tell them no . If you buy it , use just a dab ... it goes a long long way .
 A little bit goes a long way ! The tube container has a very narrow nose so that just a drop can be dispensed . I always use a moisturizer as a base and found this product covers so well that I went beyond the eyes and was able to spread it in the middle zone of my face . It evened out my coloring of my whole face ! For everyday use that 's all I put on my face . For a more finished coverage I brush on a powdered foundation . This is an excellent product .
 This eyeliner really matches the description , it goes on super smooth and does n't tug or drag . I was told at the counter that it was `` water resistant '' but it 's really not . I used to wear it under my lower eyelashes , but by the end of the day , it would be totally smudged and gross . I would even try to put powder over it , but to no avail . However , in defense of Laura , I am over 40 and the fine lines below my eyes are n't friendly to many pencil eye liners . I was just hoping against hope that Laura 's would be different ! So , now I only use it over the upper lid !
 Item reviewed
 This is wonderful eye liner ! It accentuates my eyes and stays on for hours ! Soft pencil so smudging is easy if you want ! Love the deepness of the color !
 Laura Mercier eye liner is the best on the market . The black violet color is my favorite . Glides on smooth and lasts all day !
 The Laura Mercier Eye Pencil application is smooth and long lasting . Without a doubt , it 's the best eye pencil I 've ever used.Laura Mercier Kohl Eye Pencil - Stormy Grey - 1.2 g/0 .04 oz
 This pencil in black turquoise is amazing . Not flat black , not cheap turquoise ... more like a rich , deep , soft black with a teal undertone . You would never think turquoise once it 's on , but it makes my brown eyes pop like nothing else I 've ever tried . I was wearing it when I agreed to a free makeover at Bergdorf 's in NY , and the NARS makeup artist was so intrigued she actually asked me what it was . When I said Laura Mercier , she murmured `` no wonder . '' I have spent so much on cheap eye pencils that end up in the trash ... no more . One of these every couple of months when I 'm due for a treat ! -LRB- Nothing from NARS even came close for the eyes , but I did buy their famous blush . -RRB-
 OK , so I 'm totally used to using a black eyeliner and I have green eyes and light skin , so I started to realized that it 's a bit too much for an everyday wear . I decided to layer my black eyeliner with this eyeliner and WOW ! I 've been getting sooooo many compliments ! It gives that unique glow to the top lids and if you line the bottom lid -LRB- back and forth light strokes -RRB- it looks even better . Good luck and I 'm certainly hoping this color will never be d/c 'd . I love getting Laura Mercier products because it alllways comes with some sort of a free gift and I end up buying it too!Goodluck !
 As with all Laura Mercier products , you get so much quality with this eye pencil !!! The color is amazingly rich and saturated . This creamy eyeliner lasts all day !
 This shampoo is great if you have very hard water . I noticed a huge difference . I will use this stuff forever . My hair is finally looking the way it is supposed to . It is also a good idea to get a shower filter to make your water soft to make your hair softer . Also , this product smells wonderful . It lathers great and has a great texture . Love this stuff .
 I have well water , and water filters and clarifying shampoos did nothing to keep my blonde hair from turning green -LRB- from chlorine ? -RRB- . I use the Malibu Well Water shampoo and the conditioner together and they really work ! My hair is n't green anymore , and I do n't have to pay $ 100 and spend 3 hours at the hairdresser to fix it ! I rated it 4 out of 5 stars only because the smell is n't fantastic . It does n't smell horrible per se , just do n't expect your hair to smell delicious . I use a nice-smelling conditioner right after the Malibu shampoo & conditioner and my hair smells good .
 My daughters have fine hair that tangles HORRIBLY . We live in South-Central Texas and the water is off the charts hard ... I have tried sooo many detanglers to try to help -LRB- Miracle Sprouts Detangler was horrible -RRB- . After a vacation where softwater was the norm we realized their hair was much more manageable and finally realized that our hard water was the enemy . I bought this product and it has made a HUGE difference . I 've tried using other clarifying shampoos here and there but they just are n't as good . This is also sulfate free so it is gentle on the hair . I use this about 5 times a week and switch it up with a moisturizing shampoo/conditioner on the other days.On a side note ... I buy this product much less expensively from a popular auction website -LRB- come on . . you know which one -RRB- .
 I use this product all the time . We have very hard well water with rust and it keeps my hair color bright .
 Works well in hard water conditions . I have dry hair , and though it cleans well it does not totally strip my hair . One of the best I 've found . I even switched from higher end Aveda dry remedy .
 I just got this product and it works well for my hair . The water I use is hard , and this shampoo helps to keep my hair managable . The smell is not perfumed and feels natural .
 This is the first review I have ever written -LRB- although I should write more since I rely on everyone else 's ! -RRB- I am compelled to because of the effectiveness of this product . I moved into an apartment with very hard water -LRB- metallic taste and smell -RRB- . I have always had soft hair and this water turned it into a dry straw-like mess . I was even considering moving . I bought a shower head filter but it seemed to only remove chlorine . After just one use , I noticed a difference . It cleans , softens and restores my hair back to what it used to be . I ca n't believe the results . AND it 's pure , sulfate free ... amazing . This will be my forever shampoo . Thank you Malibu ! .
 again , I have been informed that Well Water Action shampoos & conditioners are now called Hard Water Wellness shampoos & conditioners , and I DID receive the items which were ordered . Sorry for the mistake , but I did n't know .
 We moved to a new state and we are on well water now . My hair became dry and very problematic . But we travel a lot and every time we were away in a hotel my hair looked awesome . Finally did a lot of searching and realized problem was the well water . Tried everything , and nothing helped . This shampoo is AWESOME and my hairdresser ca n't believe the difference . My hair is soft , not dry and holds the color forever now . She has been telling other clients about it . I do n't care for the conditioner and use the salon conditioner instead which seems better , but the shampoo . Ca n't live without it now !
 I love Alien , however I find it hard to wear , it 's like bathing in a cloud of vanilla pretty but obnoxiously heady . The gel is a great way to wear Alien without knocking anyone out . It becomes more subtle , simpler and close to the skin . Not to mention it wears for hours and it 's portable . Great for travel .
 I tried a lot of perfumes , like most women I 'm looking for MY scent.This may be close and right up there in the top 5 group.When I first put it on one of the women in the office wanted to but it from me right away !! I kindly accepted the compliment and told her I would order it for her right away , she bugged me all week until it came !! What i love about it is the gel consistancy , I wish there where other scents I could try with the same gel by thierry.I also like that it last all day without being over bearing , great feminine smell and lingering .
 I used this on my hair several years ago and loved it . My hair style changed and I no longer needed it . Recently I changed my style and am so glad I found this . My hair is fine and straight and does n't hold curl well at all . I hate products that leave a residue on your hair . This not only is great for holding curl but it does n't feel like you have anything at all on it .
 This perfume is such a beautiful fragrance . It is not a really strong fragrance which is perfect for me . However , it is lovely and others can enjoy it as well when you wear it . I have a very sensitive sense of smell and always appreciate a beautiful , non over-powering scent . This perfume has been one of my favorites for years . I love to wear it in the spring and summer , especially . You really can wear it all year round of course . If you want to feel like a feminine woman , this would be an excellent fragrance choice for you . I also love the beautiful bottle it comes in . Enjoy !
 The favorite perfume I 've worn for more than twenty years is nothing wrong w / me though I got a better price and shipping service from Amazon this time . I am happy .
 This is the 3rd time I ordered L'Air Du Temps in this large size . It 's the real stuff and the price is fantastic . I used to buy it at a department store for almost double the price . I 'm so happy to have found this on Amazon .
 I love to order from amazon , as everything is just as described and you are so efficient with getting the orders out for delivery . Thank you so much .
 This wonderful scent is unique and not a bit off-putting as so many are nowdays . It is also great mixed with Shalimar . Do n't ask me why I tried that , but I did a few years back and was blown away by the combination ! I do wish I had purchased the Parfum this time , but this was more reasonably priced.I also discovered this past year and a half that scents do n't always keep a real long time , as my previous Parfum bottle was just not smelling the same as it used to .
 I have used this product for approximately 30 years . I have paid a fortune for it in high end department stores and loved it when I found I could purchase it online for half the price . I will use this product as long as I can get it . It has been my experience that if I really like to use a product , it is immediately discontinued . I hope this does not happen to L'Air Du Temps .
 I have used this perfume for over 30 years . It is a classic French perfume and timeles , light , floral and feminine . I continue to get more compliments on this one than that other French classic , Chanel No. 5 .
 This is my favorite scent ! The refill just slips nicely into the container with absolutely no fuss - anyone can do it ! Also , very `` green '' in that it allows you to keep using the original container instead of throwing it away .
 Have been purchasing L'Air Du Temps for my wife for over 45 years . She still love it . Wish we could find the dusting powder for her
 I love it I had been using this parfume for 20 years . I knew it before Chanel.Its smells wonderful . If you are a Chanel user you will love this one .
 I purchased this for my mother for Mother 's Day . This is a classic fragrance which is still great . It smells wonderful on my mother and she loves it .
 My daughter buys it for me every Christmas and not only do I enjoy the scent all year , I think of her every time I use it .
 got a great deal compared with other companies . got exactly what i ordered and arrived a week earlier than expected delivery date .
 This has been my wife 's favorite for 30 years . It 's not easy to find locally , so I am glad I can order it here , receive it right at my door on time as promised.She 's happy , I 'm a hero for a little while and all is well .
 The product was a larger size than I anticipated . Even after factoring in the shipping price , the product was still a great value .
 Not too sweet aroma , perfect for every workday use . I 'll buy it again as soon as my actual bottle is finished
 This cologne has such a light and clean scent . I never fear that I will overwhelm the people around me . I always feel comfortable wearing it anywhere .
 Very good price . It is what me wife uses all the time . Easy to please my wife oor any gift giving day .
 My mom loved it !!! She was trying to find this for years and she got happy when i gave it to her .
 This has been my favorite scent for some years now and I was very pleased to get it from Amazon.com at a savings.The last time I purchased it was in Paris and I was concerned that it might not be `` the real thing '' when I ordered it online but it was fine ... Thanks for your good service and reliability .
 A classic from 1949 . My wife wears this regularly . It 's her signature fragrance and the one that our children identify her with . Personally , my favorite is `` So Pretty '' by Cartier -LRB- 1995 -RRB-
 This fragrance has been around for 55-60 years at least . It is a favorite classic that I love to use . The price was very reasonable . This seller has great deals and reasonable shipping too .
 Very happy with this transaction . I received my perfume within just a couple of days from ordering . Packed well too . As for the product , the feathers are a little impractical as the perfume sprays them , but I love this fragrance and it looks cute on the vanity .
 I buy this perfume for my wife for her birthday every year . She would be mad at me if I did n't . It smells great on her . It 's a great fragrance that I would recommend to everyone .
 I bought this perfume for my mother for her birthday . It is her favorite perfume . What I loved most was the price for such a nice size bottle ! She is very pleased and so am I ! The shipping was fast too !!! : -RRB-
 I love this bottle , and especially love that it is not an atomizer or aerosol . I wanted to see what this fragrance smelled like now , as it 's one my mother had on the dresser while I was growing up , and sure enough -- it brought back all those memories . It 's a little sweet for my taste , but i use it with a little lemon verbena or mandarin or bergamot , and it works very nicely for a base fragrance . I do so love the package -- inside and out . A lovely gift
 I have been using L'air Du Temps for 30 + years and I just love it . When it recently became harder to find in the stores , my husband suggested that I check on-line . Not only did it arrive in perfect shape with free shipping , but I was able to get a larger size than I previously bought for less money ! It was a win win solution and I will always check on-line in the future .
 This is my favorite perfume for many years . The scent is delicate and feminine . It is a beautiful fragrance . I was very pleased to find the item at Amazon . It is the lowest price I can find .
 I love this product . It is light and not overly strong fragrance . The shipping was super fast . Excellent product . I highly recommend this product .
 Good price . I have shopped around and there is a real wide range of prices . However this one beats any one I have found . Of course the fragerance is great and definitely not overbearing .
 This has been a favorite of mine for a long time . It has a nice , not overpowering smell and I think it smells nice on everyone.The price was good on Amazon.com , even better than the famous `` Club '' price !
 My daughter 's favorite - so watch for good price - and your price along with shipping and handling was by far the best - the product arrived on time for me to give it to our daughter for her birthday - planning on ordering again from you same product - by the way do you have YSL Pour Homme for men
 Its defiantly the real thing folks , My mother had it before and loved the smell of this wonderful fragrance by Nina Ricci , . When she received the one from Amazon she was so delighted to have it again , and for the price you cant beat it ! Its was a pleasure to see my mother open the box and smile . `` remember that diff people like diff fragrances , so I suggest you test your fav fragrance by going to a mall and find out whats good for you ... '' Hope my suggestion Helps !
 Never disappointed . this is one of our favorites and so we are always happy with a fine product that holds its own . .
 El paquete llego a tiempo su caja en perfecto estado todo de maravilla , el Aromo de la crema es esquisita . : -RRB-
 This stuff can be expensive in stores , great price here . I bought this for my mom and she loves it .
 I like this product , a good gift for my mom , it 's portable , an confortable , just what I expected at a great price , she has really enjoyed this product , the product arrived in time , the box was well protected for shipment
 I bought this for my wife who has used this product for over 40 years . She will not use any other .
 Mom loves this perfume but its so expensive at the chain stores . Got it here at a good price and it came quickly ! Very pleased .
 I am soooo happy with this barrette . I have extremely thick hair and have been known to break a few barrettes in my time with even the first try . I like putting it all up in a ponytail , and this holds it wonderfully . Very pretty styles also . Thank you !! Ordered more than one !
 I ordered this barrett and a few other items from this company on amazon over two years ago . It is the very vest clasp I have had for my long hair . It was well worth the money . However , be warned . if you drop it or it falls out of your hair , no one is going to return it . All but my barrett was taken by friends . People like these hair products enough to steal them from friends .
 I am lucky enough to have very thick hair and most products just are not strong or large enough to hold it . This is ! It is made of very good durable material and it is beautiful . France Luxe are quality products made in France .
 I absolutely LOVE Shiseido products ! This moisturizer did not disappoint . I live in a tropical climate and my skin is still dry in some spots , so I love the weight of this product . I feel like it keeps my face moist throughout the day . I would definitely purchase this again and recommend to my friends for sure !
 I have been using Shiseido Benefiance Protective Cream SPF 15 for many years . I have a very sensitive skin effected by rosacea . At one point , before I found this product , I was so frustrated , because no matter what cream I used , my skin still was inflamed and irritated . But with this one works every time I use it . It calms , hydrates , and soothes my skin all year around .
 The product is one of my favorites , my absolute first choice for daytime face cream because it moisturizes beautifully and provides sun protection .
 My son loves this cologne . It arrived speedily , packaging was perfect , and it was a great Christmas gift . We were all `` happy . '' Thanks !
 This cologne smells clean and not too strong . I wear it everyday for work and it lasts all day , I can still smell it after playing football.I 'd definitely buy this cologne again .
 I love the smell , I love it!HAPPY cologne was introduced by CLINIQUE in 1999 . Happy for men is classified as a refreshing , citrus fragrance . This scent possesses a blend of citrus lemons , mandarins , oranges and grapefruit . Happy for men aftershave balm adds a light refreshing fragrance when worn with Happy cologne . This fragrance is packaged in a masculine bright orange bottle with a silver cap and comes in an orange box to match . Also by Clinique is Chemistry .
 This is a 5 star scent , but it gets 1 star for longevity . Upon initial application , it smells wonderful - the citrus is very light and sweet . But sniff quickly - it begins to fade to nothingness quickly . If you want a fruity citrus scent to last for a while , look elsewhere -LRB- Chanel , Hermes , etc. -RRB- . But for the short while it lasts , it is quite nice.Clinique should really consider making a loner lasting EdP version of this - I would certainly consider getting a bottle of that . But this one , while I dont regret owning it , I would not re-purchase .
 Forget all those other so-called good colognes out there . Happy for Men is the best smelling one of them all ! It may be expensive , but it is well worth it . Example
 excelente. : !! compra a tiempo y segura . . !! 100 % recomendado . . !!! la compra llego a mis manos sin ninguna novedad . . ! la caja nomas q estuvo muy grande . . !! saludos desde ecuador . . !
 Love Clinique , for men but do n't love to price tag on it at the mall . Can always find it at a better price here .
 What a great fresh fragrance for the man ! Smells great on my man ! Definitely a summer , fresh fragrance , light smell yet lasts all day .
 It looks good , easy to open and use . Smells good as well
 I bought this cologne for my nephew in Canada . He loved it . The only cologne he wanted to use is this one .
 This proved to be a great cologne product for men and is a super scent ! Service by the company was as advertised - second to none !!! Will definitely use again !!!
 Stupid name but great cologne . It 's fresh and clean . I 've already gone through my first bottle and will definitely buy another right away .
 Excellent shipping ! Fast and efficent and good prices for a wondeful product that has never gone out of style . It just smells wonderful and good and defiently a summer fresh product .
 Some cologne you cant wash off . Happy does not ware on you with its scent . It is strong enough . You dont smell it in a room like some cologne that knocks the paint off the walls , men know what I am talking about . Have been using it a long time .
 Best of all is this ... I recommend it 200 % is my favorite scent of mandarin citrus very espescial ... arrived in good condition
 This is one of the best fragrances that has come in a while.Very fresh , refreshing , tangy and musculine smell . Easy on the senses.Highly recommended . It has even generated imitations by big names like Boss !
 This is my favorite fragrance so far over Jean Paul Gaultier . It 's indescribable , so you will have to try it to see what I mean , you 'll probably will end up loving it .
 This is a very pleasing scent that does last most of the day . It is fruity and clean with a strong tone so its perfect for daily use . This is great for being around people so , you smell clean , fresh and are pleasing to be around , not over powering . My favorite part is that it is not common for other men to where it so , people always ask what it is ? ... It 's Happy !!
 I like the way it smells . Its not too strong and has a good fresh scent . Good Stuff .
 i bought this for my boyfriend who loves it . he wears it everyday and he smells nice . would definitely buy again .
 This is crisp and citrusy . Reminds me of grapefruit . A very spring and summery fragrance . It wears well and clean and does n't conflict with other scents/lotions you may use .
 I 've been using this cologne for quite a few years . When I was running out of my last one and dreaded the thought of going to the local mall to buy at the fragrance counter , I thought why not check out Amazon . I saved a few bucks over what I would have spent at the mall AND never had to drive up there.As for the cologne , I think it is a great , subtle fragrance for men and one of the reasons I keep using it is that I often am told by women that they like the fragrance . It 's definitely NOT musky and has a light citrus scent that is n't offensive -LRB- and I do n't smell it on myself hours later -RRB- .
 Smells great , you ca n't go wrong with this cologne . I always hit the double pits to chesty before I get my day started . Prepare yourself for compliments ; -RRB-
 This is a very uplifting fragrance that 's very orangey . I smell a lot of tangerine and green base , it 's very refreshing . It 's light , fresh and very citrusy despite it not smelling natural -LRB- Which is n't really a big deal since natural does not equal better -RRB- . Sillage and longevity is average or less but this is something I can see myself wearing a lot during the summer , or just a day when i may need a little `` pick me up '' .
 I am soooo happy with this barrette . I have extremely thick hair and have been known to break a few barrettes in my time with even the first try . I like putting it all up in a ponytail , and this holds it wonderfully . Very pretty styles also . Thank you !! Ordered more than one !
 I ordered this barrett and a few other items from this company on amazon over two years ago . It is the very vest clasp I have had for my long hair . It was well worth the money . However , be warned . if you drop it or it falls out of your hair , no one is going to return it . All but my barrett was taken by friends . People like these hair products enough to steal them from friends .
 I am lucky enough to have very thick hair and most products just are not strong or large enough to hold it . This is ! It is made of very good durable material and it is beautiful . France Luxe are quality products made in France .
 I love it . I used it today and it was everything I wanted it to be . My hair was slicker and smoother .
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT I USE IT ON MY NATURAL HAIR AND IT MAKES IT SUPER SOFT AND MANAGEABLE LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT AND ITS REASONABLY PRICED AND SHIPS QUICKLY
 This conditoner has transformed my hair . I 'm a curly natural girl , so what I put in my hair is very important . This is my third purchase of Mill Creek conditioner .
 I have used this product for years and it really does what it says it will do . It makes weak hair strong because of the keratin protein . I used to swim on a team and when the chlorine left everyone else 's hair dried up and burnt out , my hair looked and felt fantastic . Ever since then , I have been a big fan . It smells nice and has a great consistency too . It 's really the best , and not so expensive as the useless salon brands .
 I was looking all over for this perfume because I have really bad allergies and this is the only one that I can use without my eyes and noise becoming watery !!!
 I am a huge fan off all things Raven . I have a shrine to her in my home and have been stalking her for fourteen years . I order this cologne by the case and drink one container per day . Delicious ! I then display all of the stylish bottles outdoors next to my Suite Life of Zack and Cody rock garden .
 Had this sent to my granddaughter in Fl for her birthday . Service was great and she loved the `` That 's So Raven '' cologne.Will probably order again for Xmas .
 My 13 yr old loves it . She asks for it every birthday and Christmas !!!! I even love the way it smells ; not too sweet just very pretty .
 Elisabeth Taylor 's Passion opens with notes of aldehydes , artemisia , sweet and fresh bergamot , coriander and gardenia . Then the heart is formed of cedar and heliotrope , along with warm passion of honey , jasmine , orris root , patchouli , and rose plus warm milky sandalwood embraced by seductive tuberose . Teasing scents of incense , civet , leather , musk , oak moss and vanilla settle at the base . This perfume was introduced in 1988 , which is a testament to its staying power in the hearts of the ladies who love to wear it , and the men who love to smell it . Now as to my personal thoughts ... I actually picked this up on a whim - 1/2 oz . bottles were on sale locally and I thought `` what the heck ! '' I 'm glad I gave in to temptation and bought it , because I really quite like it ! It opens up somehow both sweet and spicy , the notes perfectly balanced to create a very unique arrangement on my skin . As it settles in , it becomes both warmer and softer , but still maintains that careful line of sweet/spicy . Finally as the bottom notes open , I discovered an almost fresh scent coming up behind the spicy and sweet nature of the scent . Just beautiful ! Very classy fragrance and one I can definitely recommend !
 This is the only blemish treatment that I have ever tried that will get rid of anything . Ive been using it for 8 years and it has never let me down.You can use it as a spot treatment or if you have an area of clogged pores on your nose you can put a little on every night to help clear those up.It isnt meant to go on the places of your face where you have no acne or blemishes though . It is strong and can cause a little peeling if you put it on your entire face.It 's a little pricey , but the size of this container will probably last you close to a year .
 I have had ongoing clogged pores , and blackheads since February of 2004 , after being hospitalized for acute asthma and prior treatment including megadoses of Prednisone cortocosteroid , to diminish severe asthma . However the huge doses of steroids destroyed my immune system and adrenal glands ... resulting in hormonal cystic acne , blackheads and clogged pores for 2 years . Was so depressed that I stopped going out , because of how badly my face looked . However , after trying every product on the market to treat clogged pores and blackheads with results ranging from none to increasing the acne problem , making it worse than before ... I begrudgingly tried one more product ... that being `` On A Clear Day Blemish Serum '' . Upon receiving it , I tried it for 10 days and achieved OUTSTANDNG results . I have been using it ever since . However , i DID have to reorder within 4 weeks ; and i just received 6 bottles of it . I cherish it . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 This product is just great , it will get rid of any blemish and , for adults who only need spot treatments , is effective in treating the blemish without drying out the surrounding area.I do not have a lot of trouble with blemishes , just the occasional spot and this serum was perfect for treating my skin.Sadly , it appears Philosophy has discontinued the product and put in its place an ineffective spot treatment that does n't do the job . What were they thinking ??? I wish I 'd know the serum was being discontinued , I 'd have bought a case .
 This is a great product that feels clean the minute you put it on ... MSM is known for its natural sulfur compound that is good for repairing and healing . I have already seen a difference in my skin by use only once daily . A good price for a good product ...
 I use it often to sooth aching muscles after a hard work out and as a facial gel to help keep skin healthy . My son also uses it to control acne . Very satisfied with the results .
 Seems to work - I use it for my knees and it seems to help . Hard to really tell because of the weather up here in Alaska - a wet climate - but I like the feel and smell of it .
 This has always been my favorite fragrance . I have been wearing it for years and it never fails to get compliments . The longer you wear it the better it smells .
 I was very happy with the speed in receiving my order . Also the price is very satisfying .
 Speedy delivery . Great price compared to the local stores . My favorite parfum ... this is the only one I ever use -LRB- plus the hand lotion is also a good scent -RRB-
 Fragrance was great . However bottle cap did not fit and was very hard to take off and put back on .
 Used to wear this fragance myself until it became associated with my ex . My daughter loves it still ... reminds her of mom , so I buy it for her . One of few fragrances I received many compliments on .
 This is my wife 's favorite perfume , she has had trouble finding it in our local stores . Found it here at Amazon , purchased it , it was delivered timely and was even a larger size bottle than she usually gets . Great deal !
 Best ever . This is the first one that actually fit my thick hair . I have looked everywhere for something like it but have been unable to find something for my hair . Love it !
 I like this shampoo . It works well and it seems to be keeping my brown hair brown , although there is also a bit of gray mixed in . It 's hard to find in stores , but Amazon usually has what I ca n't find stores , so I am happy .
 Here 's another one of those lower-priced products that promises so much , and probably delivers nothing , right ? Wrong ! This shampoo and conditioner from Pantene really works!First of all , let 's start with what it 's not . It 's not a dying shampoo which will make your hair brown , or even a different shade of brown . Quite to the contrary , Brunette Expressions has no color enhancing ingredients whatsoever.Instead , Brunette Expressions is an excellent shampoo and conditioner that somehow works with your hair 's color to not change it -LRB- as the daily use of some products will ! -RRB- , but to actually make it look more rich . I love the way that Brunette Expressions makes my hair so soft and lustrous , and so very manageable . This is a great product , one that I highly recommend to all my fellow brunettes ! -LRB- Review of Pantene Pro-V Brunette Expressions Daily Color Enhancing Shampoo for Darker Brunette Shades , Nutmeg to Dark Chocolate -RRB-
 I love this product and it leaves your hair very soft , smelling nice , thicker and extremely shiny ! I have long hair and my hair tangles easily but not with Pantene ! I love this shmpoo go buy it now ! Oh and it leaves hair color looking AWESOME !
 I thought that the shampoo has an awsome bottle , like chocolate ! I guess it made my hair shiner , after only one use I would n't know . I feel special to have brunette shampoo , it seemed like everything used to be for blondes ! I am glad brunettes have a shampoo that `` enhances '' our natural beauty ! I do n't know if the product works like it should , but the product bottle and the idea is awsome ! I especially love the `` Nutmeg to Dark Chocolate '' title . It makes me really want to use it , I love chocolate ! I do n't give it 5 stars because it lacks a certain quality I just ca n't put my finger on ... but I love the way the bottle looks which is key ! :-RRB- -LRB- Did I say that enough times ? -RRB-
 My daughter had this one and when she lost it could n't find another anywhere . She loved it so much and was so bummed when she lost it , but luckily we were able to find another .
 This heat tool is awesome . I purchased one about 6yrs ago and held it dear to me . Then a cousin came from overseas and saw the beauty of the curl that it made and packed it away in her suitcase without me knowing . I have n't seen it in stores anywhere so im glad to have found it here on amazon . The curler really does create beautiful waves/curls , not too stiff like a regular curling iron . The curl kinda resembles a `` digital perm '' look ... Love this tool & I highly rec . to everyone !
 I have been trying to find this item since borrowing one from a friend , but could not locate it . I was delighted to find it on Amazon . It is just right for spiral curls and with the heat adjustments my very fine hair is protected.It is a great curling iron !
 I bought this for my 12 year old . It will take her some practice to work it right , but when I helped her , the curls looked great . I like that it has a lot of heat settings and instructions for what type of hair uses what heat settings .
 This curling iron is pretty good , but it does not have a strong enough spring to keep hair in place when curling . I have learned to correct this by hair-spraying the strands of hair I am about to curl . Then I clamp the hair under the metal clip about an inch or two up from the end of the strand . If you try to clamp your hair at the tip -- it will not hold . You have to start an inch or two up from the edge to get it to hold . But if you do that , and if you hair spray it first -- this curler can make some excellent spirals . I give this item 4 stars because it was basically the cheapest ringlet curler I could find . And this product does give me the curl I want , it just takes a little bit of finesse . But if you want something stronger and easier to use , look elsewhere .
 Tje product was just what it said it was , but the curls do n't start at the top of my head like I would have wanted them to .
 Very happy with it , works wonders for my hair and i definetly recommend it ! Easy to use and came quickly in the mail : -RRB-
 Great spiral curling iron , reasonably priced , easy to use . This curling iron has lots of features . I would recommend this item .
 um . . well the only thing i can complain about this spiral iron would be that when i put it on its highest setting 30 i think it is , the little light that lets you know when it reaches that point that of heat mine never stops . a little frustrating but its no big deal
 This curling iron is OK . It only curls one way , but that is how every spiral iron is-the `` spiral 's '' design only goes one way . My hair stayed really nice and cute all day , the only things i would suggest is hold your hair on for a while if it is like mine , be sure to follow up w / hairspray , and I get best curling results on second day hair -LRB- i wash my hair every other day-it 's not too dry . -RRB- My hair is thin , about 2 in . past my shoulders , and doesnt hold curl on its own very well .
 The Revlon RV544 Tourmaline Ionic Lightweight Dryer is the best I 've ever used . True to the advertisement it is very light and dries hair quickly . All the positive reviews I read prior to the purchase helped me narrow down my choice . I , also , recommend this dryer highly and would happily purchase it again when the time comes . Great price too .
 It 's not very small but it 's light . Easy to operate . Dry my thick shoulder length hair in about 3 to 4 minutes . This is my first blow dryer so I am not sure whether this is fast or not . And it seems not producing unwanted volume since my hair is already a lot I do n't want any more volume . Personally I am pretty satisfied .
 It 's light weight and gets the job done . Sometimes my fingers slip onto the buttons , but other than that , no issue . It 's inexpensive compaired to others and works .
 So far i really like this dryer . i especially love that it came with 2 add ons - a diffuser AND a straightening tool . how cool is that . 4 settings , High heat setting works well . no complaints . i got it within 2 days of ordering it . i recommend this product
 I have used this dryer three times so far and I can say that it dries my hair noticeably faster than any of my previous dryers . I 'm not sure about `` less damage '' claims and whatnot , but the drying time is cut in half . So far , the product has been worth the money .
 I had to look for a new hair dryer since my old Quiet Con Air hair dryer dies after 5 yrs of service . I have chosen this one because I have read that it blows really hard which is what me and my sister was looking for in this kind of equipment because we both have thick long fine hair . It takes us half day to let our hair dry by itself . This one dries our hair fast . The temperature settings were just right for our hair . I hope this will last longer than my old one . It was a little lighter than what I had but same quietness .
 When I received the box I was worried about how light weight it was . The only thing lightweight about this blow dryer is the number of pounds and ounces . It is easy to handle and so fast ! My drying time is cut in half and I seem to get lots more volume with my fine hair . I am happy with every heat setting and do not find the hot too hot . It is worth way more than the price they are selling for . LOVE IT !!!!!!!
 My expensive Chi brand blow drier went out after only two years . After researching several blow driers I saw this one had great reviews so I decided to try it out since I did n't want to spend a lot of money on another blow drier . This drier is great . It dries quickly and blows really hot air . I 'm very pleased with it and would recommend it to everyone .
 I Love the differant settings . Everyone that has tried it while visiting , wants to know where I got it they Love it too . There is alot to say for this product . It does dry faster , I can tell a differance in the look and feel of my hair when I am done . I Just Love it .
 This has definitely cut the time it actually dries hair -- i have n't tried styling yet , just because I have had enough time to style - or i 'm going to bed right away & then why style . . but I would definitely recommend it . . it is light weight and dryes faster than my old hair dryer ...
 My wife is the main user so I asked her what were the ` goods ' and ` could be improveds for this dryer . ` Overall , she likes it a bunch!Great cooling control with the ` cool ' button.Other buttons work well , just need to be aware of which one you want to use.It is lightweight and many of the competition brands are too ! It is quieter than our last dryer .
 I was long overdue to upgrade . I have very thick , hair that I just dont want to cut short and this dryer makes it so easy to smooth out if I want to . I thought it had a lint filter though and I have not been able to find it . My old blow dryer finally died so off I finally got to buy a new one without feeling guilty . After some research , I picked this one and have not been disappointed .
 This product is worth the money . It dries hair quickly , it 's light weight , and it 's always nice to have a diffuser .
 I use a hair dryer everyday and also color my hair . These are both actions that can dry aging hair and make it look less than pleasing . Fortunately , my last hair dryer broke and I suffered through days of research to find another . This one makes my hair look lustrous and full even the day I color it .
 I love it how my hair quickly dries without the frizziness , it 's so light too ! It gives shine to my hair . The heat can be adjusted to hot or warm , so you wo n't incur damage to your hair . I have a few hairdryers in the past and this one is the best I got for a looong time !
 This is a great hair dryer . The price is amazing considering it comes with 2 attachments . It works very well & is much quieter than my old hair dryer . I would recommend this to everyone .
 Super light weight , a great price , and it does what it says . I have thick curly hair and normally have to blow dry and then use a straightning iron on my hair ... and then it looks dried out or overly processed.I used some thermal protectant and this dryer to both dry and straighten my hair today . It looks soft , shiny , and natural . The dryer is lightweight and easy to use . I was really surprised that I could basically skip the straight iron aspect and enjoy healthy , silky looking hair with this ionic dryer . I am also looking forward to using the diffuser for when I want to wear my hair curly .
 After much searching , trying others and a lot of research , I finally found a GREAT hairdryer ! I can honestly say this is the best one I used and so glad I purchased it . The diffuser , I have n't used , but I 'm sure is fine . I purchased a separate universal one from Conair . It is a tourmaline one . I like the diffusers a bit curved in the middle -LRB- this one is flat -RRB- , like a cup so that I can make my waves a bit curlier and it does just that . Although my hair is consistently frizzy , this leaves it a bit less so , but with some products in my hair , it helps . It does n't last all day , then again , it is a hair dryer.This is the next best one , from what I have read , to the T3 . I love the cool setting and everything . Those who had complained regarding the placement of the switches and buttons ... maybe they do n't know how to use a hair dryer , or have really big hands , but I have yet to get that problem .
 I read a reviewer stating it blew too hard and too cool for her fine hair . I have very fine hair and think the blow dryer is great . Boy , I can really tell a difference between a regular blow dryer and an ionic one ! My last ionic blow dryer from Hot Tools broke suddenly one day -LRB- after only a year -RRB- . So , I was using my old back-up . My hair was so dry and brittle using that . No wonder I always thought my hair was so dry growing up . Once I received this ionic blow dryer from Revlon at such a GREAT price , I was in heaven again ! My hair is incredibly soft . I love the tool it comes with to control the airstream . My hair has never looked so good and it cut my drying and ironing time in half . I would definitely recommend this dryer to anyone !
 Great Hair Dryer.Issues with the location of the on/off switch but willing to deal with that because for the price its an awsome dryer . Does what the manufactor says it does . I do n't get the finger attachment , but as a defusior it works great . Highly recommend this product
 I ordered it for my wife and she liked it . Its handy and easy to use .
 I love this hair dryer . It dries my hair quickly . Not too loud either . It is very light weight too . The paint is already chipped and it was only bought a month ago . Highest and warmest setting may be too much for fragile hair , but is great for thick hair .
 extremely light-weight , dries hair super fast -- i ordered one for my sister and my mom loved it so much she 's asked me to order one for her as well !
 This really is one of the most light-weight full-size hairdryers I 've ever used . I have had trouble finding a hair dryer with enough power to dry my long hair quickly without also weighing fifty pounds . This dryer is SO easy to hold up I could dry the hair of everyone in my family without my arm getting tired . And it dries my hair very quickly.There is one annoying problem though . The controls are positioned on the handle in such a way that it is almost impossible to not accidentally turn it off , or switch from hot to warm without meaning to . This seriously needs to be re-designed . But I still like everything else about it so much I 'm keeping it .
 Works great , dries my hair MUCH faster than my previous dryer ... or any dryer I have ever used outside of a salon . I am completely satisfied with it , ESPECIALLY for the GREAT price -LRB- I got mine for $ 16.99 -RRB- . Yes , as some reviews mention ... it does get very hot on High , -LRB- but I have a lot of hair so maybe thats why it 's not a big deal to me -RRB- . Yes , the power control buttons are placed stupidly/as rocker buttons , but that is also not a deal-breaker for me either . - So once in a while I shut it off or accidentally change it 's setting , big deal ! I then turn it back on or flip it back to high ! It 's not particularly frustrating.I researched and researched hairdryer 's before I made the decision to buy this one several months ago after my old dryer broke . This was the one I found , and back then it was $ 30 + . I ended up discovering how to fix my old dryer , and so it was n't ' until I lost my old dryer moving that I actually went ahead and bought this one around Christmas . It was a great choice !
 I got this for my wife and she has been happy with it . It has a nice strong flow . It 's as loud as any other dryer we 've had , but we do n't expect hair dryers to be quiet . So far , it 's worked out well .
 Hair dryer works good . Thant said , the design of the handle could use some improvement . It has a narrow handle . Periodically , I accidentally turn off the hair dryer because my finger accidentally squeezes the small toggle on-off switch on the handle . It is a little annoying , but tolerable
 After researching on line what the best hair dryers were , this model appeared to be the best without spending a small fortune . I found various prices for this model at more than double the price that I paid through Amazon .
 I ca n't believe I did n't purchase this hair dryer soon ! It is less hot and not as loud as my old hair dryer , yet it dries my hair 2-3x faster ! I save so much time in the mornings and for the price , this hair dryer is a total steal !
 I love this drier . Not only does it dry my hair , which I have a ton of , faster than any drier I 've ever used before , but it also leaves my hair very soft and silky , rather than fried . It is lightweight and surprisingly quiet ! I have n't played with any of the attachments yet , but I ca n't wait to!My only negative comment is that the on/off switch is in the exact place where my hand holds the drier , so I keep inadvertently turning it off . Not a big deal for me , but if you get irritated easily with your appliances , it might matter .
 I have curly hair , so I use the diffuser and this works great . The only thing that did take some getting used to is the position of the buttons get in the way of my fingers . Not a big deal , but worth mentioning .
 I was not sure about purchasing this dryer because of the low price.I am so glad I did . The finger diffuser for my curls is totally what I wanted.It lifts and gives great volume to my long hair.I recommend this for all hair styles , well worth the money.Shirley in Florida
 Ok , first ... I had my previous blowdryer for 8 years ! I loved it . I have tried others and end up returning them or giving them away . This one will be with me until it dies ! Its very lightweight -LRB- as promised -RRB- ... which I need because I have fibromyalgia . Even with the defuser , its not heavy at all ! Also , my old blowdryer , I had to super glue the defuser onto it because it kept falling off . This doesnt ! It snaps right on and stays there . I like that it has a switch for hot and warm because I hated having to hold it down to get a cooler setting . And now the biggie ... I have very long hair and those of you who do will appreciate this ... it doesnt get caught in the air intake ! With other blow dryers that have this much power , it happens a lot . There you are ... ripping your hair out of the back of the blowdryer . Not with this ! It blows hard , but doesnt catch your hair ! Love this !! Thanks Revlon !
 I had spent $ 130.00 on the same hairdryer my hairdresser used by CHI about 2 years ago . It stopped blowing hot air , so after looking at the reviews on the Revlon RV544 , I decided to take my chances on it . It works better than the CHI for $ 130.00 . It is lighter and dries my hair quicker . I use the diffuser as I have curly hair . I have cut my drying time in half . I am extremely happy with my choice .
 This is a great dryer and the price makes it even better since it 's performance compares really well with the more expensive dryers . I have shoulder length relaxed hair with fine strands & medium density and I was able to dry my hair using the warm heat & hi fan speed combo in around 15 minutes . It left my hair silky smooth & full of body and best of all ... my arm was n't tired !! You 've probably guessed already , but my favourite feaures about this dryer are : - lightweight - it actually is light compared to other dryers - the dual settings - they allow you to combine the desired heat setting -LRB- hot/warm -RRB- with the fan speed -LRB- hi/low -RRB- . This is great for people like me who absolutely can not stand a hot dryer but do n't have the patience with the diminished air flow of the lower settings . - ionic technology - leaves your hair so smooth and shiny with lots of body and anyone with my type of hair knows that achieving volume is a minor miracle all by itself . - design - fits comfortably in your hand , the buttons are easy to get to and well placed so that you do n't accidentally change the setting . It also has a hinged endcap to make cleaning the unit easy , which I 'm sure I 'll appreciate after I 've had it a while .
 This hair dryer was the best one I have ever seen , it is very quiet when it runs and is very light weight . The different attachments are very handy as well ! Even the color is great ! It is overall the best hair dryer I have ever used ! Thanks Revlon and Amazon !
 Purchased this as a gift for my wife , who has long thick hair . She needs a quality hair dryer and this has measured up in all regards . Good value too .
 this was a gift for my sister . she loved it ! she said it was an excellent styling tool . ca n't beat the price .
 I love this hair dryer . The diffuser works great for my curly hair ! Look no further the best hair dryer is here !
 I have course , curly hair . The diffuser works great and the concentrators works well to straighten . Great buy for the $ $
 I chose this hairdryer because of the reviews , it was great for the price . Now it takes me half the time to dry my long wavy hair .
 I have n't purchased a hair dryer in many year , so I was n't expecting much when this arrived . However , I was amazed at how quickly this dried my hair ! I have naturally curly hair , so the diffuser attachment is essential . What a great buy !
 I have curly hair and the dryer and difuser are perfect . I dry to about 80 % quickly and let the last bit airdry . No frizz
 I 'm not in love with this thing and I do n't hate it . It takes longer to dry my hair , but maybe that 's a good think , kwim ? Love the diffuser tho . It 's big so you ca n't travel w it , but it 's a good quality good for curly hair home staple piece . good purchase
 Having read all the reviews about this product , I deceided to purchase it . It is as decribed and works very well . It is quiet on low speed and powerful on high . As our last Conair only lasted just over two years , we 'll see how this one holds up .
 I like this dryer . It does dry my hair more quickly than previous dryers and honestly , my hair has more of a sheen.Only problem , the buttons do seem somewhat out of place . You can get used to it though .
 I have really thick hair and it usually takes a several minutes to dry . This dryer significantly cut my dry time . Lots of air movement and the ionic feature really works . I agree with one of the other reviewers who said the buttons were awkwardly placed -LRB- hence only four stars -RRB- . There 's something not at an optimum there . Maybe if the on/off and temperature buttons were put in reverse order or moved so you did n't accidentally click a button while you were using the dryer ? The other suggestion would be to insulate the barrel . I like to hold it when drying the back and you ca n't on this dryer as it gets way too hot . Still I love this dryer and would purchase again .
 Fast shipping from Amazon . Item was brand new . It worked smoothly out of the box . Its air flow is strong . Its heater is a little weak compare to expensive model but it beat all the others for this price . It was a bit noisy but acceptable .
 I must say I was skeptical about buying this hair dryer , but no more . For $ 20 it gets the job done beautifully . I have long curly and frizzy hair , and it normally takes me twenty minutes or more to dry my hair , but with this dryer it is done in 10 minutes . It also leave my hair feeling softer and much less frizzy that a normal dryer . I have only used it twice so far , but I am a happy customer . The only problem with this hair dryer is that the cord is about 10-12 inches too short , but I can deal with that for $ 20 .
 This was delivered within just 2 days and it works fantastic !! I love it!It 's so light weight and handling is very easy . Has three settings for air , hot , warm and cool and then nicely working concentrator.I have n't use the other gadgets yet , hoe I 'd have the same experience.Highly recommend to any body ! great for styling !
 I finish my hair now in about half the time . it also came within 24 HOURS which is incrediable . it gets nice and hot or nice and cool , it 's fast and easy and looks really nice . SUCH A GREAT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT ONE REGRET
 As a blow dryer it works great . I do n't personally understand the ion thing and I see no difference , but for the price if they want to say that there is an ion thing that makes my hair better that is fine by me .
 The Tourmaline really does help keep down the frizz . I have very fine hair , and most blow dryers tend to leave it frizzy or with lots of flyaways , even on low heat . This one did n't . I also really appreciated that it is significantly lighter than my other blow dryers . Between carpal tunnel problems , fibromyalgia , and a touch of arthritis , I have had problems with holding my old dryer . This one did not hurt or even tire out my hand or wrist!Definitely something I 'd recommend to others .
 i just got this today . i needed a second dryer for overnights and my first one is theBio-Ionic iDry Nano-i5X Nano-Ionic Conditioning Pro Dryer which i love but did n't want to pay the same amount for another dryer . So i decided to go with revlon and it is amazing so far !! it drys really quickly and my curls look great ! i was afraid that i would get a low quality dryer but i think i like this one more ! hopefully it lasts me !
 I read a few reviews about how this hair dryer is n't good for fine hair . I have very fine and frizzy hair . This hair dryer worked great on my hair . My hair feels smooth and shiny . And it makes my hair straight . I do n't use hair straightener anymore ! I love it and would highly recommend it .
 As a guy with short hair , what I want in a hairdryer
 Been looking for a lightweight for a long time , and I have very thick hair , this dried it in half the time .
 My favorite hair dry so far . I have noticed the difference when using this one compared to my old hair dryer , my hair is n't as frizzy and it does appear to have a little more shine , love the diffuser also
 This is the best hair dryer ever . Much lighter than similar , works well on my hair . The whole drying takes me only a few minutes . I totally love it and would recommend to anyone .
 This product has absolutely met my expectations . It is lighter , quieter , and much more efficient than the model I had previously been using . I have even seen an improvement in the health of my hair . Very good value for the money .
 I have long wavy hair and I 've been through my share of hairdryers . I used to dread washing my hair because drying took so long . This dryer cut my time in half ! Great product !
 I looove this dryer . It finishes the job in 1/2 the time as the old one . Yep 15 minutes . No damage either .
 OWNED
 Had a more expensive Babyliss that died after only a few months . That was `` ionic '' and claimed to speed up drying for long hair -LRB- mine is colored as well -RRB- . It did n't . Thought the whole ionic thing was just hype until I got this dryer . Wow ! What a difference it makes in drying my hair . I have also noticed a huge improvement in the shine and smoothness in my hair after using this dryer - all the things I was expecting of the one I had before . I will never go back to the more expensive dryers . They are a waste of money not to mention disappointing . This one is a great value , lightweight and powerful and far exceeded my expectations .
 This is a powerful dryer , but it does n't singe my hair the way most do . I 'm used to a smaller dryer , so the heft took a little getting used to , but my small ones never felt like a salon dryer the way this one does . My one caveat is if you have a specific storage space , be sure to pay attention to the measurements . I did n't , but I lucked out . It stays in a drawer in my vanity that has an electrical outlet built in , and it fits in there with no room to spare . If it 's even lying on a hairpin or its own cord , the drawer wo n't shut . So , I 'm glad I bought it , and I expect we 'll have a long and beautiful relationship .
 I recently purchased this hair dryer and I really like it . It IS very lightweight , just as the other reviewers have said . I 'm also amazed and how quickly it dries my very thick hair!Some reviewers have complained about the placement of the controls , but I have n't found it to be problem . In fact , I like how easily I can change the dryer settings while in use . And I find that that the amount of pressure required to actually flip the switches is sufficient that I do n't change the settings on accident.Other reviewers have said that the hot setting is too hot , but I do n't agree at all.Overall , I 've been very satisfied with this purchase .
 Ever since my Chi hairdryer died I 've been desperate for a good hairdryer . This is it . I have curly shoulder length hair that is VERY difficult to tame in humid weather . This dryer is great , good price and very light weight .
 Got this about a month ago and so far so good . I was quite surprised at how light it was and it does blow dry my hair a tad faster than the one I had . I have really long curly hair so to get my hair dry in less than 10 minutes is HUGE . I have n't used the diffuser yet , but I am happy with it so far .
 I bought this hairdryer five years ago , and I 'm back to buy another one . It really does dry my long hair very quickly . It 's held up well . The plug seems to have cracked , and it wo n't turn on now . For the price , I think it 's held up really well . My only complaint is that the silver finish on the plastic hair dryer peels off . It does n't look perfect , but it works great .
 Bought this for my wife when her old unit died . Read other reviews before buying , and can confirm that the unit lives up to expectations - performs well , and ca n't beat the price . My wife is very satisfied with this unit .
 After purchasing 2 Salon Professional Hair Dryers at prices over $ 100 each , I decided to check on consumer reviews and found this Revlon RV544 with top ratings . It is light weight weight hot temp - which is what I was looking for . It 's a steal for $ 20.00 .
 I have very curly hair -LRB- pencil-sized curls -RRB- that I tend to straighten very often during the colder months . I decided to try this ` ionic ' dryer because it is supposedly healthier for hair compared to a regular blow dryer . It comes with a concentrator attachment as well as a diffuser attachment , which I only used once and it works fine from what I remember but I do not wear my hair curly . I use it with theVidal Sassoon VS7963 Ionic Thermal All Purpose Brushthat I purchased together with it and they make a very good team for blowing my hair out as long as I comb my curls out beforehand , because the pins on the brush otherwise cause tangles . The brush purposely heats up , allowing the underside of the hair being blown to receive an equal amount of heat also , so I guess it is useful . Compared to every other blow dryer I have ever used in life , I definitely believe this is the best one I 've used and I am satisfied enough that I would rather repurchase this one than try another brand . I 'm not sure if it is the quality of the dryer itself or the ` ionic ' technology -LRB- I have n't tried any other ` ionic ' dryer before -RRB- but I notice that , as promised , my hair is healthier feeling than it usually would feel after blow drying it . Whereas most blow dryers leave a certain level of brittleness to my hair , this blow dryer actually leaves my hair in a condition comparable to that of my hair when I allow it to air dry naturally . My most important comment to make about this dryer is that it is very hot , I will consider that a good thing . The settings are Warm and Hot but I am never able to use the Hot because the Warm is already as hot as I can take it . I am able to use the Hot setting on my ends but I can not put that heat anywhere near my scalp . I do not consider the temperature as a bad thing though because when I use the Cool Shot on the Warm setting it becomes room temperature , and it is easy to hold the Cool Shot button for the entire drying time if desired . It is very light weight and relatively quiet especially when compared to an average blow dryer . I would equate its weight to that of a full bottle of conditioner ; very light . I have had this dryer for nearly 2 years now and it still works like it did when it was brand new . I 've already gotten my money 's worth for the low price that it cost , and I expect to get at least another couple of years worth of use out of it .
 Excellent performance . I have n't bothered using the attachments . Some reviewers have complained about the location of the on/off switch . After the first use , that is no longer an issue since one quickly learns how to hold the unit .
 It 's light , just as advertised . I feel noticeable smoothness in my hair after using it . Also , it dries very fast . Do n't care too much for the heat diffuser attachment because my hair is n't thick enough to benefit from it . Overall , I am very pleased with this product .
 I purchased this item to replace an ancient , 1980 's - era blow dryer , and based my choice on its excellent reviews . I have to agree , this is an excellent product . I first noticed that even on the highest setting the dryer did not get as hot as my old one . I thought this might be a problem , but actually it is an advantage as it wo n't burn you if you leave it in one place too long . The volume of air being pushed out of this dryer is far stronger than my old hair dryer , so it dries very fast . I have naturally wavy hair that tends to frizz and I used the dryer to straighten it . Much to my surprise , this dryer not only dried my hair very quickly , it left it very smooth with no frizz . It must be the lower heat with the strong blast of air that works so well . Whatever it is , I highly recommend it !
 I had the T3 , ready for a new one and after reading the reviews , thought I 'd try this one for a better buy . Definitely !!! I have fine hair , and do n't see it being a problem
 I bought this blow dryer because I recently got a perm . It is my first blow dryer I ever had and I am very pleased with it . I have had no problems with it and it works to my expectations . No regrets .
 This dryer , gets very hot , drys quickly , no fuzzing or flyaway hair . I have thick , wavy but fine hair . LOVE IT !
 My Hair Type & History
 Before finding this hairdryer online , I was tempted to buy a $ 200 one advertised elsewhere . What I was looking for is a hairdryer that wo n't totally dry my color-treated hair out . With my old one , my hair closely resembled a haystack , so I was forced to let my hair dry on its own . Took a long time , but at least it looked decent.This one turned out to be fabulous ! For the price , you CAN NOT go wrong!Highly recommended !
 I could have literally bought 13 of these hair dryers for the price of one T3 , and I ca n't imagine it would have been any better . My fine hair dries fast and smoothly . It took some getting used to the fact that the `` hot '' setting is n't consistently hot , but it does n't adversely affect the outcome , so I decided it is not a problem . Maybe it 's actually just keeping my hair from getting dried out and damaged . My shoulder length hair dries totally in 7 minutes . With the concentrator attachment I have excellent control . If this thing were bright and colorful like the other ones I shopped for it would be perfect in every way .
 Just what I was looking for - a dryer that wo n't blast your eardrums . It 's much quieter than most dryers and powerful too . A good buy !
 After doing a little research about which hair blow dryers would be worth the money spent , I settled on the Revlon , which was highly recommended . The power is adjustable and so is the temperature . I have n't used both of the attachments yet , but the one I use every day is great . The only bummer is that after the blow dryer has completed the job of drying my hair , the attachment is super hot to the touch . Other than that minor thing , I 'm really satisfied with my purchase !
 This dryer is great , and I am really glad I purchased it . I was on the fence , but for price and performance , this ca n't be beat . For reference , I have thick , long hair that is wavy in the back and I style it straight.Pros
 I love this hair dryer . It 's light weight , it 's powerful , it 's not too loud . Very good buy .
 This is the most amazing dryer I have ever owned , and I have really weird hair !
 All in all it performs like it should . My only complaints would be that it does n't seem like it has the amount of power I was expecting and the concentrator can get really hot . For the price , I would recommend this to a friend .
 Definitely recommended . I purchased this dryer for my wife and it works nice . She has the last dryer from Revlon which lasted 3 years , and I am hoping same from this one .
 Works well so far . Was advertised as being quiet but it definitely is not .
 i bought this hair dryer for the second bathroom , and it 's now in our master bathroom . lightweight , quick hair dryer . clean , simple design . functions are pretty standard . i 'm not sure if the tourmaline ionic really does what it claims , but the price was about the same as other models without the feature , so i figured i might as well get it . my only -LRB- slight -RRB- complaint is that it has rocker switches instead of slider switches . sometimes when you 're shaking the dryer around , you can inadvertantly shut the unit off . no big deal , but it is a drawback . otherwise , excellent product .
 I bought this Revlon hair dryer 3 weeks ago . I really like it . It takes half a time to dry my hair compared to my old dryer . And thanks to the defuser and a salon styling tool I can get a better styling results . I also like warm/hot options and 2 different air blowing options.If you have thick hair with stubborn curl you would like it .
 I am very satisified with this dryer . It is light weight , easy to use and the tourmaline feature actually dries your hair faster than regular dryers . It even has a light that lets you know it is tourmalining . The cord is plenty long enough for normal use . The ground fault plug is small and unobtrusive . I do n't use the round black thing but use the intensifier nozzle a lot . The button placement could be better but what the heck , it 's only a hair dryer not an instrument for brain surgery . If you hit the wrong button you will instantly know it . Just look down at the handle and make another selection . For the price it ca n't be beat .
 This is the first ionic dryer I have used so do n't have a strong comparison . I have been using my $ 15 dryer from 2000 and finally upgraded my dryer . However , immediately I noticed that it did shortened the time drying my hair and my hair is sleeker and smoother . There are less flyaways . Love it , especially for the price .
 I found this hair dryer was good.Buttons got in the way a bit when holding it as i kept turning it on and off to start with.Apart from that it was as good as i was expecting it to be .
 I have thick hair and I was looking for something that will dry my hair fast . I am always in a rush in the morning going to work , but I ca n't leave my hair looking and feeling damp . This one does the job perfectly . This is a great hair dryer
 My hair dries quickly and has more volume and shine ! My hair feels so silky and soft . Everyone needs this dryer ! No problems !
 This is my very first hair dryer & I really like it . Though I have used it only for few times I can say it works really fast . No regrets yet . Too good for the price .
 The hair dryer has plenty of power with two fan speeds and 2 heat settings for flexibility . The unit is more noisy on high fan speed than I expected but the unit is does its job .
 This is the best hairdryer I 've owned!I have long , very thick hair , so I usually only dry my bangs and air-dry the rest ; drying and styling my whole head can take more than 30 minutes . This dryer has shortened my drying and styling time to under 10 minutes , fresh out of the shower . It 's also lightweight , so my arm does n't get tired holding it . One thing I was n't expecting was how great my hair would look and feel afterward ; usually , after drying , my hair is coarse and wavy and I have to take a flat iron to it . After using the ionic dryer , my hair is smooth and shiny ; no need for the straightener !
 Light weight , functional , has enough settings for flexibility . A very nice product for its price . Bought it for college and it has been working very well for the last two or three weeks .
 This hairdryer is everything it 's advertised to be
 I was looking to replace my old and about to die hair dryer purcahed this based on the reviews.This dryer dries my hair quickly and does n't dry it up . Well worth $ 20
 I have long really thick , natural -LRB- spiral -RRB- curls . Its hard to blow dry my hair . The finger diffuser attachment works really well for me . It does still take quite a bit of time to dry my hair , but this Revlon Dryer does it without causing my hair to frizz ! Love that !
 I absolutely love my new blow dryer . It 's so light weight and it dries my thick hair quickly with lots of shine and volume .
 This dryer is quiet , lightweight , and cuts your dry time down . It made my hair straighter , shinier , and softer that with my previous dryer . I could n't believe my hair looked that improved by simply changing my dryer ! I should have done it sooner !
 The best thing about this hair dryer is that it is very lightweight as stated . The next best thing is that it does a nice job drying hair quickly . I have LOTS of long hair and it 's the best hair dryer I 've had so far . Would say I 'd buy again , but I bought 3 of them for each bathroom . Sometimes you find a product you like so well you want a backup just in case ... this is one of those products .
 IF you have someone with long curly hair in your family , this is a must . Product has been good so far . It replaced an older model that got smoked while travelling overseas .
 I 've been using this dryer for a while now , and it works great ! The air speed is not quite as fast as an old one I had , but my water-loving hair still dries quickly . I have also noticed a significant increase in volume when I use this one -LRB- compared to my other dryer -RRB- ! The ions really do make a difference ! Completely happy with this dryer !
 This dryer is easy to use and has 4 air/heat combo settings , plus a `` cool '' air button which is nice to use at the end to cool off your head after blowing warm/hot air on it . I 'm not sure what `` tourmaline ionic '' does any different from a regular hair dryer , but it is easy to hold and works fine . Good quality for the price .
 My Revlon Tourmaline Ionic hair dryerer died today . I had it for four years and use it almost everyday . I am getting another one . It is great . Very powerful , dries hair fast and is lightweight . I have fine hair , but a lot of it . When I use this my hair looks professionally done . I am so glad they still make it . I would highly recommend this product .
 It 's too small for the amount of hair i have , but it work amazing for my hair bangs ! I recommended for people with thin hair .
 This is just the dryer I wanted . It is quiet , powerful and very lightweight . My old dryer was literally burning up . My hair was so hot it was burning my fingers . This is a great replacement and the price was perfect . It is a great value .
 Dryer is very efficient at drying hair quickly . Hair is much more manageable than with other dryers that my wife has used .
 I have extremely thick curly hair , and with all other hair dryers it takes me at least 20 minutes to get my hair mostly dry . With this dryer , it takes about 7 minutes . I know others mentioned the noise but to me it does n't seem any louder than any other hair dryer . It 's light , the temperature settings are all very good , and with the diffuser , it works great .
 For $ 20 I decided to try this dryer . The previous reviews stated that this dryer was rated as well as the high end models . It is a great hair dryer for the price and does n't dry out my hair like my previous Remington model did . I do n't really like the diffuser attachment , but perhaps if you have thick hair you might like it . Otherwise , I would recommend this hair dryer !
 This is my second time buying this hair dryer . The first one lasted five years and I only had to replace it because I damaged the cord . Is the fastest and lightest hair dryer I have ever owned !!
 Great value , lightweight , works with lots of power and has the necessary attachment , but is louder than I hoped . Diffuser snaps on very tight so no fear of falling off ...
 Hi ... I ordered this hair dryer before Christmas but it never arrived ... after getting tired of sticking my head out of the car window to dry my hair I contacted the friendly Elfs at Amazon and they had a replacement unit shipped out the next day !!! WOW . . I have noticed my local mail delivery person having extra fluffy hair recently . Oh well . . at least I got my hands on what I think is the best hair dryer for the price ... . it is light weight . . well balanced and does a great job of drying what little hair I have left on my head . My Labradoodle likes it too after her bath !
 I was torn between purchasing this and the ConAir version of the same thing . I was turned off by the Conair reviews about the weight of the hairdry . I do n't regret my decision at all ! I have curly hair and I wear it both straight and curly . The high setting is perfect for when I straighten my hair and the light setting makes perfect curls . I could n't be happier .
 I 've wanted an ionic dryer for a while , ever since the T3 came out with all that hype . After reading enough positive reveiws about this dryer , and ionic dryers in general , I finally purchased this one today . I 'm so impressed !! My hair is bouncier , shinier , has no frizzies , and dried in about 3/4th of the usual time . DH , who is really clueless about such things , even commented that it looked better than usual . It also feels really soft - which is nice , as both my skin & hair tend toward dryness.I have pretty fine hair - but alot of it -LRB- i.e. , the hair follicles are thin , but I 've got a lot of them . -RRB- My hair generally looks shiny on it 's own , is stick straight , but has NO volume or bounce . I turned it on the `` high '' and `` warm '' setting to get it 80 % dry , then put the concentrator on and turned it down to `` low '' -LRB- it was drying too fast ! -RRB- to finish . I use a 31/2 inch Marilyn Tuxedo brush to finish drying in sections , concentrating at roots and ends.I would definitely recommend trying this dryer before forking over $ 300 for the T3 or another model . I ca n't see how those more expensive ones could do a better job .
