 I ca n't afford the $ 200 + price tag of some of the other hair dryers , so I tried this one instead . I was surprised at how good it was in comparison . My very thick , shoulder-length hair was dry in less than 10 minutes - my former dryer took 20 - and it was smooth , shiny and sleek . Other dryers made my hair puff out like a pyramid , and lifted every split end . It 's very light . My hair with this dryer looks fantastic . I wish I had switched long ago.Drawbacks ? It 's a little loud , the switches turn off easily when you 're holding the handle , and the hot setting is really hot . But all of these things are minor complaints and worth dealing with.So , if you do n't have $ 200 to spend on a hair dryer -LRB- who does ? -RRB- , get this one . It 's 90 % as good as the top-end ones , the extra 10 % better is n't even that noticeable , and your hair will look fantastic .
 After looking into several reviews on blow dryers , I learned about the Revlon Tourmaline . All of the reviews were so positive . I 've been suprised at how light the dryer is and how easy the controls are . The placement could n't be better on the controls . The price was right as well ! Blow dryers in this class are generally much more expensive . A very good value .
 Inexpensive and does the job . Good enough for the cost , design , weight , and results . I previously used the Andis 82075 1875W AC Motor Ionic Tourmaline Hair Dryer , which i liked for its power and results but was more expensive , heavier , and had an oddly located on/off button that i would always switch off in mid-dying . In comparison , the Revlon RV544 is a better deal . I first purchased the Farouk Deep Brilliance Professional Hair Dryer to replace my Andis , but i replaced upon first use . The Farouk Deep Brilliance hair dryer was the weakest and slowest hairdryer i had ever used . I printed the return slip immediately . I 'm satisfied with the Revlon replacement .
 I rave about this product to everyone I know ! It makes my hair come out even better than it does at my salon ! It really does cut my drying time in half and my hair feels so silky and smooth ! I live in a very humid climate and I have naturally curly hair so it has been impossible to get straight sleek hair without spending 20 minutes with a straightner . After using this -LRB- affordable ! -RRB- dryer most days I do n't even run a staightener through my hair .
 My 3-year old Conair 1875 watt just broke so I bought this one because of the good reviews , I 've used it for over a week now
 We got this for grooming our Portuguese Water Dog , whose hair -LRB- `` fur '' -RRB- is very human-like . The dryer is light and easy to handle , and the combination of diffuser and concentrator allow for lots of options . There is a convenient button in the `` trigger '' location that lets you turn off the heating element -- this is great feature so you can keep the heat on a higher setting , and let it cool a bit without losing the warm air flow . I have n't used a hair dryer on my hair since long hair on men was fashionable -LRB- yes , I 'm THAT old ! -RRB- but if the dog is any indication , I think this is great unit for the money .
 This dryer was a great price and arrived on time in safe packaging . We have n't used it yet , so I 'll get back on once I have more feedback .
 I love this thing because the kids stay in their own bathroom in the morning ! Seriously , it works very well and and is light weight . Well worth the price and gets the job done .
 I like it , but it went on sale for another $ 5.00 cheaper this week at Walgreen 's .
 This hairdryer is just what I needed . I had an old one I bought for $ 2 at a thrift store , and this one is as good if not better than that one because ... 1 . It 's light . I bought this hairdryer at Target , and they have a display that lets you hold all the hairdryers they sell to compare the weights , and this one was definitely lighter than all of the comparably equipped appliances .2 . It 's relatively inexpensive .3 . It dries my hair pretty darned fast . I 've got thick , curly hair and with the diffuser on warm/high , this is a dream machine . I do n't like to blow dry my hair after showers , but using the cold air button is handy 'cause it gets rid of the excessive dampness without burning my hair to nothing .
 This is a great value for the money . It works extremely well to smooth and quickly dry hair . I have frizzy hair and this dryer has been a lifesaver . With minimal effort and dryer skills , my hair is smooth a polished . I 've actually gotten compliments on it and I am all thumbs with hairstyling.The only con I would note is that it is quite loud . I previously had a Chi dryer and it was so super quiet . But for the money and the performance I 'll take a few extra decibels .
 Over the course of many years we 've gone through many different blow dryers . For a long time I scoffed at the idea of there being any difference for this thing called ionic , until I tried it . There is a very noticeable difference . It makes the air coming through the blow dryer much cleaner feeling . I know this may seem strange , but it works . It means that your hair dries faster with less static . This is all we buy anymore for replacements .
 I like this dryer a lot . It 's light-weight , fairly quiet and very powerful . I have long , thick hair , and w / my old hair dryer it took 10-15 mins to dry my hair . Now I only spent about 2-3 mins and I 'm done ! Love it : -RRB-
 I read a ton of reviews on this hairdryer before I bought it , so naturally I was concerned with the few minor people out there that gave ` negative ' reviews ... but with the overall great ratings on this , I went ahead and bought it since it met all of my criteria , which were 1 . Light , 2 . Less noisy , 3 . Some kind of ionic smooth hair function -LRB- even if it was 99 % hype I STILL wanted it -RRB- , and 4 . super EASY buttons to use -LRB- because I hate the slider ones that are tougher to change -RRB- . This thing is the lightest hairdryer I 've come across ... and I HELD all the ones opened on the sales floor at my local Target to compare how weighty each felt ! Also , this hairdryer was bought to replace an aging one I 've had , which started to have sparks flying out of it ... and compared to that one , this is significantly less noisy . I 've been using this dryer for the past three months now , and for it being under $ 20 I think this purchase is a steal.Yes , every now and then while drying my hair I 'll accidentally trip one of the buttons from high to low ... but the tradeoff is acceptable and I would n't change a thing about the design - I love how easy it is to change settings . It 's just a matter of holding it carefully so it does n't happen again .
 Dryer is lightweight and dries hair quickly . I use the hot setting and do not think it 's too hot and my hair is not super thick . Highly recommend .
 This dryer is VERY lightweight , which comes in handy for those of us with difficult hair . I have very curly , wavy , frizzy hair , and it comes out smooth with this dryer and a large round brush . Also , the drying time seems to be cut significantly . I would guess it works as well as some of the high dollar hair dryers , but at an AWESOME price !
 This hair dryer is an excellent value for the money.From what I understand consumer reports also found this dryer to be a good value.I do n't think you will be disappointed if you choose to purchase it .
 I was looking to replace a tourmaline hair dryer I bought a year ago at a beauty supply store . I found reviews for this Revlon dryer put it on par with dryers three times as expensive . I had my doubts but it really lived up to it 's claims . It is powerful enough to straighten out my curly hair and it did so without causing damage to my hair . It is also light as a feather , which is a plus compared to the heavy monstrosities I 've used in the past . The only negative is that it has a very short power cord but that I can work with . I 'm actually considering buying the travel version .
 Powerful and light weight . My hair does n't seem as `` soft '' as it did with the Sharper Image hair dryer , but good hair dryer for the price .
 I have bought Revlon dryer for a short time ago . I liked it very much . I can compair it with Conair dryer -LRB- almost the same style and size -RRB- I have had.Revlon dryer is much more lighter , has more variants of drying . Temperature of drying can be more higher , so I can dry my hair much faster . This dryer is very comfortable .
 I 'm sure there are better dryers out there , but for the reasonable price , this is probably as good as you are going to do . Air flow is better than on most inexpensive dryers and it throws a fair amount of heat .
 This blow dryer works great ! My hair is dry in about 5 minutes and the concentrator works well at smoothing it all out . My hair feels full and soft , not dried out . The shipping speed was slow -- it took the full `` 14 days '' to arrive . Other than that , I 'm very happy with my purchase and have recommended it to my friends !
 I have long thick hair and it takes a big cbunk of my time every morning to blow it dry . This hair dryer cut my drying time by approx . 40 % - it 's amazing . And the price is fantastic compared to other tourmaline dryers I 've looked at . -LRB- $ 200 or $ 300 for a hair dryer ? You 've got to be kidding me !! -RRB- I highly recommend this product .
 I am so pleased with this dryer . After doing some research at consumer reports , this dryer was rated higher than the T3 dryers . I would highly recommend this dryer to anyone who needs a high powered dryer .
 I mistakenly thought this was a full size dryer when I ordered it one morning frustrated that my old dryer died mid-dry . It arrived the next day -LRB- thank you Prime ! -RRB- and at first sight I was disappointed thinking there was no way this little thing could match up to my former full size dryer . Holy cow was I wrong . It dried my hair in half the time and at was light enough that I did n't get my normal arm and neck strain . Amazing little machine for the price !
 I have really thick wavy hair and it usually takes at least 30 minutes to dry it . By the time I 'm done , it 's dried , but frizzy from being exposed to the heat for so long . This dryer , with the diffuser attatched , literally dries my hair in under 5 minutes . I was stunned . Not only is my hair dry , but waves keep their shape and the frizzies are gone . I love this hair dryer !
 after reading plenty of reviews on amazon and on other websites , i decided to purchase this hair dryer . i wanted something that dried my hair quickly , but had this new fangled tourmaline gem thing , as well as something ionic or ceramic for even heating . i dry my hair with a dryer every time i wash it , so any features that decrease chances of me frying my hair are a plus . i usually go for conair , but this dryer has gotten a lot of positive reviews , so i went for revlon this time ! 1 . dries quickly , but no scalding ! i have thick asian hair and have been using 1875 watt dryers for at least a decade -LRB- how else can i dry my hair under an hour ? -RRB- . it does tend to get pretty toasty , as some other reviews noted , but it 's not more than other hairdryers i 've owned . i never keep it in one spot , nor do i think you 're supposed to , so burning myself has n't been an issue at all . the cord does n't get hot during use . -LRB- i checked after i finished drying my hair . -RRB- also , the barrel does n't get very hot , either . immediately after using it , i felt the barrel and it was relatively cool . i could probably hold onto it while styling .2 . noise level . honestly , it 's not that much quieter than my last dryer before it broke , but i think the last one was designed to be quiet , too . -LRB- i 've had it for a while so i do n't remember -RRB- also , it 's a different kind of loud . it is definitely not as loud as some other hair dryer 's i 've tried , so i would consider it quiet ... especially on the lower settings . the loudness mainly comes from the amount of air blowing through , which is not as bad . it 's bad when a dryer is loud because the fan has that high machine whine or sounds like a lawn mower . this one is just a lot of air whooshing through .3 . weight . Definitely light !! love it .4 . attachments . sorry , i do n't really use them , but they seem like your typical diffuser and concentrator .5 . the tourmaline/ionic thing . works great as far as i can tell ! my hair feels super soft after i use it ! it feels light . also , not to be gross , but it does n't make my head all sweaty after i use it , either . have n't used it during the summer yet , but it 's been better than my last dryer at that!i 've never really used any of the expensive dryers , so i ca n't compare , but for this price range , it 's definitely a five-star ! hope it lasts as long as my last one : -RRB-
 As a family of engineers , I did n't buy into a lot of the hype that some of the high priced -LRB- $ 100 + -RRB- hair dryers bring in their ads.This dryer has most of the key features of the high priced dryers and does dry my hair faster than my old college cheapskate dryer . I really did notice a difference in time it took to dry my long hair . Plus it is lightweight - not painful on the arm.I found this dryer online being listed as the top dryers -LRB- 4 years in a row -RRB- and the # 2 dryer cost $ 150 !!! -LRB- I did a good amount of online research -RRB- Unless you are a commercial user of hair dryers -LRB- requiring a much heavier duty motor -RRB- , this dryer is a GREAT buy at ~ $ 20 . Think of it like I did , I can replace this dryer 7 times and still not pay as much as the # 2 dryer ... awesome .
 I bought this dryer when my T3 dryer stopped heating up after 5 years of drying twice a week.This Revlon was rated very highly so I gave it a try . WHAT A FABULOUS PURCHASE !! I have used it a few times now and here are my impressions : - It is lightweight - feels the same as my old T3 , has a very similar design of the handle and ergonomics in general.-Has more power and drying choices than the T-3 . - I did not notice any difference in drying time or the quality of the blowdry in comparison with the T3 - it was great ! - Fairly quietIf you want a T3 clone at a fraction of the cost -LRB- or for that matter a great dryer in general -RRB- - look no further!p.s . my only complaint is that the cord is too short . Another foot would be perfect !
 I used to hardly ever use hair dryers because they always made my hair really frizzy , poofy , and dried out . This one dries my hair very quickly and it feels much smoother and straighter than any other hair dryer I 've used . The fact that it 's only $ 20 makes it the perfect hair dryer for me .
 Great price , and the hair dryer competes with the expensive models . Works great . Easy to put on the attachments , and they stay on well ... almost too well .
 Thank you everyone for writing all these detailed reviews . My CHI hair dryer stopped working last week and i did n't want to spend another $ 150 on one so i read all these amazing reviews and finally got the Revlon RV544 . I absolutely love it . It is super light-weighted in comparison with all the ones i previously owned and it is super strong . I have a brazilian blowout done in my hair so i need to blow dry it every day after showering but my hair is so flat that i do n't need to do that much . After using this Revlon dryer my drying time was cut in half . It honestly takes me 10 minutes to have it ready to go out out and i have a lot of hair and super long.If all the great reviews are not enough to get it at least for $ 20 you need to try it !
 I havefine , thin hair also and this dryer works well for me . Just be sure to section hair and not put too much on the brush . The hot setting is quite warm while teh warm setting is much easier on the hair . I would have likes a toggle switch for the cold setting so as not to have to hold the cold button down while using this temp to set the style which is difficult when you are moving the dryer around . Otherwise its a good product at a reasonable price .
 I need a hairdryer that dries my hair fast and leaves it smooth and manageable . The Revlon is it ! I have used many hairdryers , several 4-5 times the price of the Revlon RV544 . The others are Tourmaline Ionic and cost a fortune , but I always come back to this hairdryer . It 's lightweight and easy to use . My hair is silky smooth in no time ! I gave the more expensive ones to my husband and teenagers , but they kept coming to my room to use my Revlon . I bought each of them one so now I do n't have to share mine . Who says good quality has to break the bank ! The Revlon RV544 is the perfect example !
 Overall , I like this hairdryer . It has good power and I like the attachments . I like having the warm/hot heat settings and the high/low blower settings.My only complaint is that if you want to use the cool temperature , you have to continuously hold down the cool button . It 's not a toggle . On my old Revlon hair dryer that this one replaced , if I clicked on the cool button , the cool stayed on until I clicked the cool again . That was nice for when I was doing some finishing with cool air.Overall , this was a good hair dryer for the price .
 I have had a Conair dryer for many years but it finally broke . After reading many reviews I chose the Revlon Tourmaline dryer . It really does dry my hair in half the time , and it looks extra shiny .
 I really like this hair dryer . Especially the root lifter attachment - its like a mini massage for my head every day . The only complaint I have is that my hair is still somewhat frizzy when I use it . Otherwise , its light and drys my hair the fastest out of any dryer I have used -LRB- I have long , thick hair -RRB- .
 I love this dryer ! Has to be the very best I have ever had . Lightweight and easy to work with . I only blow dry my hair with a round brush , no curling iron , and this is great ! I get great volume , hair is smooth , no flyaway or frizz . Wish I would have had a long time ago . Certainly would recommend .
 I have fine and thin hair and it works just right for me . For less than $ 20 it meets all my requirements
 Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it . She has lots of naturally thick and wavy hair . It used to take her almost 45 minutes to completely dry her hair and now takes less than 15 !! Not an exaggeration . She is still amazed after nearly a month . She said I not only gave her a hair dryer as a gift , I gave her the gift of time . Highly recommend .
 I started researching much more expensive hair dryers , but then I found a good review for this one so I figured Id give it a try . So glad I did , its amazing ! Very powerful , and it does n't get too hot .
 Purchased this hair dryer a long time ago and never thought of writing a review until now . The item is several years old and still holding up well . I 'm very pleased with my purchase !
 I was looking for a light weight hair dryer ... this dryer was way inexpensive , very light weight , and has the technology I was looking for . Everyone should buy this dryer ... At ~ $ 20 , you ca n't go wrong !
 My hair stylist told me my hair was breaking due to the type of dryer that I was using . I looked at the professional dryers and they cost $ 100 and up . I ordered this to see if it would work and I was amazed with the results . My hair did n't frizz with it and feels softer than when I used my old dryer . I 'm glad I did n't have to pay a lot of money for a good hair dryer !
 So far so good . It is very user-friendly and better than I expected . I use the diffuser attachments a lot and they work well .
 I have REALLY , REALLY thick hair . To dry my hair in the past I would blow dry the top for about 20 minutes then go sit or do chores and let it air dry for at last 30 minutes . Then if I really needed it dried all the way , which I rarely did , I went back for 20 more minutes under the dryer . My sister in-law said she got a great hair dryer at Christmas for over $ 100 . Well 1 , I will never spend that much on a hair dryer and 2 , I do n't have the money to spend over $ 100 on a hair dryer !! My daughter `` suffers '' from the same hair as me . So between the two of us we ca n't dry our hair within an hour at the same time . Well , with this hairdryer I was able to dry my daughter 's hair in literally 5 minutes . I timed it . I was able to dry my hair in 8 minutes !! I could n't believe it . This is the most amazing hair dryer I have ever owned or used !! It is light weight and the buttons are easy to use with one hand . I ca n't say enough great things about this hair dryer !!
 After working at home for two years , I took a job downtown and had to learn to get ready in a hurry . My other blow dryer was hot , but the air flow seemed moderate . I wanted something that would dry fast , but did n't want to spend a lot of money . This is an excellent dryer for the money and performs similarly to dryers that cost more than $ 150 . It drys super-fast and does not seem to damage the hair . My hair looks full and shiny and it gets the job done in about five minutes . Got ta love it !
 I am really satisfied with this blowdryer . As other have mentioned , it is very light weight , and works well . My hair is several inches below my shoulders , and covers half of my bra . It takes me about 10 minutes to blowdry all of my hair with this . Additionally , my hair when airdryed is very wavy and frizzy , but when I blowdry with this it dries nearly straight in the back with very little frizz . Great product !
 I really like this dryer . It is powerful and gets my thick hair dried quickly even when I use the diffuser . It is much lighter and easier to hold and use than my old blowdryer . This is important as I have carpal tunnel . And it is much quieter than my last dryer . I saw this dryer in a store a couple of years ago and did n't buy it . Sorry I did n't . Overall I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it .
 Bought this for the current girlfriend to try to get her out of the bathroom quicker . She had some outdated blow dryer and it seemed to take forever to dry her hair . Since we got ready for work at the same time in a one bedroom apartment , this was becoming a problem . Bought her this and I must say I 'm just as happy as she is with it . Quick with different settings . The only downside is the noise but when is n't it with a hair dryer ? Worth every penny .
 I love this hairdryer ! It really dries my long hair quickly -LRB- 10 min -RRB- . And my hair doesnt need much styling afterwards ! : -RRB-
 I just love this blow-dryer . It does leave my hair feeling softer than my old one . I have fine/thin hair and am happy with this dryer.I have not had any problems pushing the wrong buttons or pushing buttons accidentally as reported in other reviews.It 's light and drys fast on the warm setting.I 'm glad I bought it .
 I have used countless dryers in my many years but this one is by far the BEST ! My hair has the look and feel of salon styling which I thought was unattainable at home . I used no products on it on purpose and dried my washed hair before going to bed . The next morning it still looked great ! THAT has never happened before . It is shiny and smooth and just feels healthy . I will never again waste hundreds of dollars on high end dryers when Revlon puts out unbelievable equipment for under $ 20.00 ! OMG ! I think I will get another one for my daughters to use as this one is MINE .
 I love this hair dryer . My old dryer would leave my naturally curly hair frizzy and awful when I 'd blow it straight , but this is a great machine . My hair now shines with the combination of this dryer and Kiehl 's Smooth Silk Creme.Since I was n't a regular hair dryer user when I ordered this , it did n't inconvenience me so much that this product took a little over a month to arrive . If you need this product , you 'd probably be better off paying more plus shipping at Target than to buy from this vendor unless or until this vendor will address this problem.The reason I 'm giving this four stars is that it 's a great product . I do n't feel it 's reasonable to pan the product review just because of the service , so I only removed one star for the vendor.Buy the product , be weary of shipping times from this source .
 This dryer was everything I expected it to be . The dryer has too attachments that are great for curly hair . I would recommend this to anyone .
 this is the third Revlon dryer I have purchased from Amazon , and I am still a big fan . I dont understand why people spend so much money on hairdryers , when the Revlon dryers have all the necessary components at a very reasonable price . They are lightweight , have the quick drying ionic aspect , dont burn your hair , and dont shut off all the time like some dryers do as they overheat often .
 I just love my new hair dryer ! It truly dries my hair in half the time , and leaves it in good condition . Which is saying a lot , since I 'm an old white-haired lady .
 I had one hair dryer for 20 years and since then I have been going through one a year . This is the best yet . Leaves hair with nice shine and soft . Last 2 I bought left hair fried and dull after first few uses . Daily use now for 4 months or so and still works great . Unfortunately ca n't expect to get that 20 years out of anything anymore . 1-2 years would be great on a 20 dollar hair dryer I think .
 It is a good dryer with really hot wind , but the warm wind is gentle so do n't worry . I like the cool wind to make my hair smooth .
 We bought this from Amazon Dec. 2010 and it just quit Aug. 2011 - not very long in my opinion . So why are we getting it again ? My wife loved the ability to hit the cool air button and the instant switch from hot to cool air to set her hair , it is light weight , and while it worked , she loved it . She has fine hair and some reviewers said it was n't the best for those with `` delicateness '' in the hair strand arena . Not a problem I was told . So because the primary user loves it , the price is reasonable , we are getting another with hope and prayers that it last longer than 8 months .
 It 's so lightweight but gets the job done . The diffuser is perfect size for my curly hair but does n't add the extra wieght that most do . I highly recommend this product !
 I have been using this dryer for sometime now and really love the attachment that diffuses the air . This gets my hair perfectly dry everytime .
 This item works great and dries my hair very quickly . The attachments it comes with make staying my hair easier .
 I purchased this for my daughter . She wanted an expensive professional model but agreed to try this first . She has coarse-wavy hair which takes forever to dry . She said it works very well and it 's a keeper .
 Great hair dryer , in some reviews people had issues accidentaly turning the dryer off . I have had this problem a couple of times when in a hurry , but it is not very bothersome . Works great , the diffuser works really well , my old one kept falling off this one attaches better . All in all , good purchase !
 I researched hairdryers on various sites and kept coming across this one . I had my doubts as it is much lower priced than professional models . But it delivers ! My hair is healthier and it does n't take long to dry my medium-length hair . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this dryer based on all the positive reviews . Also , it was $ 10 less on Amazon than in my local store.I am very pleased with the dryer so far -- works great .
 This dryer does my my hair faster which is a plus and is moderately quiet . Do n't see any difference in bounce and shine in my hair , but am thankful for the faster drying time .
 I have been using some old hair dryer since college -LRB- using for 7yrs -RRB- . I needed a new one and came across this one.I bought it because ... 1 -RRB- Price was reasonable2 -RRB- Positive comments were abundant3 -RRB- when it came , it was light !!! been using it for over a month now . Works great
 There you go again amazon.com - giving me something good !!! I love that this is not heavy - when you get older holding a heavy hairdryer is not good for the wrists and/or arms . This works as stated in the description - simple as that !
 I love it ! It 's lightweight and has a warm setting so I do n't burn my hair . I would recommend it to anyone who uses a blowdryer daily !
 Dries fast and evenly . I would have given it 5 stars , but the on switch it right where you hold the dryer so I often hit the switch and turn it off . Not a big deal and I 'll get used to it , but it 's been a bit annoying
 A very helpfull hair dryer for any busy woman on the go . Revlon makes nice hair dryer products ! If you have long , thick hair , this dryer will probably work well for you too . ! The high setting throws out a lot of heat so air cutting drying time in half what it was with my old dryer . The low speed setting is great for styling and taking your time or if you are worried about creating frizzies . I have never dried my hair in a faster way . It is also not too loud and not too heavy .
 I have n't bought a hair dryer in a long time . This hair dryer is great . Lightweight and does an excellent job drying your hair .
 Great dryer . It has nultiple seeting and a cold shock button . Love this dryer b/c it blows hard and dries quickly . It has 2 attachments that help but I have n't used them . I would definitely recommend this to others .
 First , great price for the product . I 've looked at stores like Target and WalMart and could n't find anything like this for this good of a price.Second , this dryer works great . It used to take me 20 + mins to dry my hair with my old dryer -LRB- I have very thick hair -RRB- . With this one , my entire head of hair is dry , completely dry , in less then 10 mins.Third , I 've had this obsession with split ends for years and years , where I would find them and get rid of them by cutting them off -LRB- I know , ridiculous -RRB- . However , since I 've started using this dryer , I have n't been able to find split ends at all . This has been a major relief to my daughter , who was sick of me spending so much time looking at my hair.Fourth , I always have had static problems with my hair in the winter time , no matter what products I used in it . Since I 've started using this dryer , and the winter season has come around , I have n't had any static problems at all.As for the components of the dryer itself , I like that it has a warm and hot setting with the optional cool button . I have accidentally shut off the dryer while using it a few times , but once I got used to where the controls were , it has n't been a problem.All in all , this is a wonderful hair dryer that has saved me lots of time drying and has done wonderful things in regards to the condition of my hair . I would recommend this to anyone looking to purchase a dryer .
 I purchased one of those super expensive ionic hair dryers then did a little more research and good housekkeepping recomended this dryer for a better price . How about $ 110 . dollars less and it does a great job . I have very thick wavey hair and this dryer cut my dry time in aprox . half plus it makes it super shiney . for the price it 's a great dryer . So I sent back the T3 I had ordered and got my money back .
 I absolutely love this dryer . I feel like I 've tried everything , but this is the 1st that has cut down on drying time and also left my hair so smooth ! In the past dryer have always left my hair looking puffy and have had to run a flat iron through it . The Revlon Tourmaline is the best ! My hair has never looked better ! I feel like I just had walked out of the salon for a professional blow-out . You have to get this if you have thick and coarse hair .
 I have thick , long , curly hair and have always air-dried . When I 'm really in a hurry , I use my husbands blow dryer , but always find it leaves my hair looking frizzy and destroyed . I decided to purchase a hair diffuser , but could n't find one to match the blow dryer we already have - so for not much more than the diffuser alone , I decided to try this blow dryer , which came with a diffuser & concentration attachment.This blow dryer is amazing!It leaves my hair feeling silky and smooth , which is the opposite of what I 've always thought a blow dryer would do . Best of all , it dries super fast . In 5-10 minutes I am ready to walk out the door and I still have my curls !
 I love this staff . I heard is works , I had use before , Is cheaper , good quality ` you have to have it
 I use this dryer with a universal diffuser attachment and love the way it works . The air does n't blow too fast on the low setting . It only has 2 speed settings -LRB- fast and low -RRB- and 3 heat settings -LRB- hot , warm , and cold -- cold is controlled by a release button , not a switch -RRB- . The cord is pretty long , which can be nice.I have very thick , above the shoulder-length hair . My hair is wavy/has big curls . This blow dryer , plus a diffuser attachment , works great for me.Oh , and on the low setting , it 's not too loud !
 I have naturally curly and was just informed about the wonder that is a diffuser . I did n't want to buy a diffuser by itself as I was n't sure if it would fit my dryer . I found this on Amazon and am incredibly satisfied . It 's super light weight and dries my hair -LRB- with or without the diffuser -RRB- much faster than my old dryer . I also like the controls on the dryer . They are teeter-totter style buttons instead of the slider . Much easier for me to maneuver when using one hand . Did I also mention how light weight it is ?! I recommend this product .
 I am meticulous about reading reviews and after the great reviews I read about this dryer I decided to go with it . It dries my long hair in no time at all . It has two heat settings , warm and hot as well as a cold shot button . I love that the concentrator attachment does not fall off easily but it still can be maneuvered up and sideways depending on how you are holding the dryer . I use the hot setting and it does not damage my hair what so ever . It is a really great dryer . It is light and the cord is long enough for you to use without incident . I would recommend this to anyone!UPDATE
 I did a lot of research before buying this dryer . I wanted something that had the ion technology yet was lightweight , dried hair quickly , left my hair shiny , yet was reasonably priced . I came very close to purchasing one of the $ 100 + high-end driers , and I 'm glad I did n't . This little guy is strong , extremely lightweight , and leaves my hair really shiny . It also dries my hair quickly . I gave it 4 stars because the concentrator attachment fits pretty loosely on the nozzle , so it tends to turn and shift position while I 'm using the drier , and I have to re-adjust several times . Otherwise , it 's a great buy .
 I was a little skeptical , because I have fine hair , and many reviews state it 's not for fine hair , HOWEVER , I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this hairdryer . It is AWESOME on my fine hair . Yes , the buttons are right at your fingertips , so you do have to pay attention , but I do n't know where else they would put the buttons . Once you get used to it , your fingers do not tend to push the buttons accidentally . It gets very hot on the hot setting , and just as the button indicates , it 's warm on the warm setting . I have fine hair , and I used it on HOT . When I want to straighten my hair , I used the attachment to direct the heat to a certain area ; when I wear it curly , I used the diffuser . Someone had mentioned in an earlier review that the attachments are not included ; THEY ARE INCLUDED . I got a diffuser , and a directional attachment . It is light weight , NOT TOO LOUD , and all around perfect . If it ever tears up , I will get the exact same thing as a replacement .
 I love this dryer . I have medium length , medium thickness hair and it works great for me . The high speed is high enough to really get to the roots , and the low speed is soft enough to style my bangs without blasting them all over the place . The only issue is the buttons on the handle . I find I inadverantly change the selections because the toggle buttons are right uner my fingers , but it is really no big deal . It does dry my hair faster than my pervious dryer , if you had long or thick hair , I bet this dryer would really make a difference .
 Pros
 I was a doubter too about the ionic tourmaline technology but after recently getting a flat iron of that type that worked wonders , I thought I would try a dryer too . This dryer almost makes my flat iron unnecessary . It let me blow out my fine , curly/wavy hair so smoothly it looks like I had it done at the salon -- something I achieved only with great difficulty before at home . I agree with the other reviewers it does get a little hot , but keeping it on the warm or keeping the cool shot button on helps . I think the airflow is great , because it helps straighten your hair without as much pulling . I purchased it because I read that in a test it performed as well or better than $ 200 - $ 300 models , so I think it 's $ 30 well spent .
 This hairdryer is great ! It now takes me 60 % less time to dry my thick long hair . Light weight , great buy .
 It is really light weighted , and it dries the hair fast , but the cold shot button does not make the air cold , it just makes it less hot !
 My old blow dryer finally bit the dust so off I go to find a new one . After looking at a bunch , I picked this one and have not been disappointed . I have very thick , curly hair that I just got cut short and this dryer makes it so easy to smooth out if I want to . It 's supposed to have a lint filter though and I have not been able to locate it .
 MUCH quieter than my old blow dryer . Drys my hair quicker too . It came with two attachments . One was a diffuser . I wanted to see what a diffuser would do for my hair -- not much . I use the dryer w/no attachments and am very pleased .
 This was the first ionic dryer I have tried & I love it ! It is nice & lightweight like it says , but more importantly , it dries my hair quickly and the diffuser helps save my curls . It has just enough settings - hot or warm and high or low speed . I found it is easier to use without the directional flow attachment but love the diffuser . My husband says both air flow speeds are too fast for him , but our old dryer was VERY old and he was use to the weak air flow .
 I have thick straight hair . It takes awhile to blow dry , and this dryer works pretty quick to dry my hair . It 's light and comfortable to hold . I like the smaller attachment , works well for straightening and smoothing hair . I tried the diffuser but do n't really understand what that is supposed to do for me !
 I bought it for my wife to use , and I use it sometimes . I have no complain . It was good - quiet , light and powerful enough . Best I used so far .
 I 've had two T3 blowdryers in the last few yrs . . only to have them both fail me within 12 months of using them . . One only lasted a couple of months . My sister also had several of the T3 dryers and had the same problem . We both have thick frizzy hair and agreed the Revlon did as good a job straightening and smoothing as the T3 .
 I bought this hair dryer to replace one that was fabulous ... until the day when it stopped heating . This is so lightweight and dries my hair very quickly . It 's an excellent replacement that exceeded my expectations .
 Probably the best hair dryer I ever used . Dries hair quickly and is lightweight
 I was looking for a quiet hair dryer to replace one I had that broke . This one is quieter than others I have had , though still not really quiet . It is light and dries hair quickly . I need another and am ordering it again . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is I wish it folded for easier storage .
 I bought this based on the reviews on Amazon and the decent price . I have been wanting to try an `` ionic '' hair dryer but did not want to spend $ $ $ on one to try it . This one by Revlon has been well worth my money so far . It really does seem to leave my hair softer , shinier , and with less frizz than my other former dryers . -LRB- most of these have been Revlon or Conair -RRB- It is relatively quiet compared to my others , has two speed/heat settings ; a cold shot button ; a diffuser and concentrator attachment ; a decently long cord ; is lightweight ; back part comes off to clean the filter ; drys my hair fast.I can not speak for the longevity of the product . I do know my previous revlon dryers have lasted several year ; I hope this one also does . I will post an update if it dies before it should .
 When my old hair dryer suddenly stopped working -LRB- while I was part way through drying my hair and already late for work -RRB- I was distraught . Partly due to the fact that I still had wet hair but also because I had to go find a new hair dryer . I purchased this product soley based off the reviews of other Amazon users and I am really happy with it . I have naturally curly hair and was concerned that the diffuser attachment that comes with the dryer would n't get the job done . However I have been pleasantly surprised . This product is great !
 I love this hair dryer . It works well , dries my hair quickly and is not heavy . I took a different hair dryer that was both ionic and ceramic back to the store because it was too heavy and the dryer with attachment was so long I kept hitting my head ... This one is the right size and and cheaper to boot .
 I received the new blow dryer this weekend and it was DEFINITELY worth its price . I was kind of leery at first because of how cheap the price was , but the dryer turned out to be exactly what i wanted . I recently used a chi professional at a friends house and thought it was amazing , but did n't want to spend the 85 $ for it , so I researched and found this Revlon and figured well its only $ 20 so if it does n't do a good job , I 'm not losing a lot ... but sure enough , my hair is so smooth and straight ... with my old dryer , it would always be super frizzy and I would have to straighten it right after blow drying it . I dont have to do that anymore !!!
 I like the Revlon Tourmaline a lot , but the diffuser comes off way too easily and falls into the floor as I am working on the back of my head with it . My sister who gave it to me things it 's just a defective set of diffuser tabs and they do look a little frayed even though I 've only had it a short while and it 's always done this . I am going to see if Revlon will replace it . I 'll post a follow-up after I find out what they say .
 My wife had picked this out . Shipping came quickly and she absolutely loves the unit . She has really thick hair , so I guess it works pretty well .
 I 'm pretty skeptical person and I confess that I 'm not really good doing my hair by myself . But with this hairdryer I am simply amazed , all the best ! Honestly I did my hair couple times last week and I was amazed with the results , then I did my hair couple more times before posting my review , and I can tell now that is great . Excellent buy for the price !
 I have no complaints about this hairdryer . It 's lightweight and it takes at least 5 minutes less to dry my long hair than my old hairdryer . My hair is smooth and less frizzy . I would strongly recommend this dryer .
 Just ordered this hairdryer last week after my old one broke . I so far used it once and it worked perfect and best of all it 's pretty cheap . It is a light weight , does n't have a loud noise like my old one . I have a long , thick and straight hair so I do often need to dry it . I am very happy with this product !
 I did n't believe it would make a difference-I was wrong ! This dryer works alot faster than my old `` ionic '' -LRB- cheap -RRB- hairdryer . Would definately reccommend , great value for the price !
 Excellent dryer , especially for the price . Very lightweight and dries hair quickly . The only negative is the placement of the buttons because it is quite easy to turn it off accidentally while drying .
 I have very thick hair that takes forever to dry . I love this hair dryer ! It is light and has really shortened drying time . I bought it based on other reviews and it did n't disappoint . Please consider this before you spend a lot of money for the same results . This is a great buy .
 Quality hair dryer , I read other reviews about the power switch , and I have had no issues with it and have never once turned it off by accident .
 This is a great hair dryer . Nothing but good things to say . No negatives at all .
 This blow dryer is no joke . Lightweight and easy to use . Great power and relatively quiet .
 It is a good hair dryer . It was n't like what people said that it blow really hot air . Both `` hot and warm '' air work great ! My hair does have a better quality after using it .
 I purchased the dryer after reading all those great revues . And I 'm absolutely happy with my purchase . It 's very light , and it 's really important for me as my hair drys very much slower , comparing to other people I know . The dryer is also very powerful . In other words I purchased I really good dryer for a really affordable price , I 'm more than happy .
 This is a great hair dryer . I have tried many and so far this is the best . I have medium long hair an it dries it in seconds . I am very impressed .
 I bought this hairdryer for my girlfriend because she 's always in a battle vs frizz . I did n't think there would be as much difference between switching dryers -LRB- as this one was n't too expensive -RRB- . The dryer is light , and dries quickly , and best of all ... her hair has noticeably less frizz using this dryer ! My girlfriend has shoulder length hair and kind 've thick , so its nice that her hair can still dry quickly . She 's very happy with the dryer , and when she 's happy , I 'm happy . Recommended .
 I also have a professional BaByliss Turbo hair dryer -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- . I bought this Revlon model because I wanted a lightweight spare for travelling . I 've compared the two on a very thick head of hair.The BaByliss is quieter , hotter , and blows with more velocity . It comes with a nice long cord . It dried a full head of long hair in 5 minutes.This Revlon model is quieter than a generic Conair dryer , but I would n't say it 's super quiet . It get 's hot enough , and has adequate velocity . It is definitely lightweight.Nonetheless , the Revlon dried the same head of hair in 6 minutes , with similar `` ionic '' results.Overall , hey - you get what you pay for . But , for $ 25 this hair dryer is an excellent value . It does the job very well . I 'm going to buy another one for a gift . I 'm fairly impressed with it -LRB- given the low cost -RRB- .
 It is lightweight and it is SUPER fast to dry my thick , wavy hair . I love the diffuser attachment , but mostly I just use it as a regular dryer without that.Of course , it 's noisy , all of them are , but sometimes I think I hear music from inside . Or maybe I have just gone a little crazy.I 'd buy this , it 's well worth , especially with the amazon discount !
 I recently purchased this dryer to use temporarily while my T3 Tourmaline is being repaired . I did n't want to spend alot on a temp dryer and since this dryer had such favorable reviews , I thought I would give it a shot . I was skeptical that this inexpensive dryer would work as well as my pricey T3 . And to my surprise - it did ! I can not see a difference when using either dryer . Both are amazing . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because of the cord length . It 's much shorter compared to my other hair appliances . It 's a very minor complaint and definitely not worth having second thoughts over purchasing this product . It 's an excellent second dryer to own . It 's also light weight and will be great to use when traveling .
 After reading rave reviews on this hair dryer I decided to purchase this as agift for my sister for Christmas who has an old dryer that was really old.She loved how lightweight it was and dried her shoulder length straight hairextremely fast and left her hair very soft.Said she would recommend it anyone!Pros - Affordable , lightweight , dries hair fast !
 I have paid out hundreds of dollars for hair dryers and I can honestly say that this beats all of them even the most expensive ones . It is lightweight , drys my thick hair faster than all the others , does n't overheat and shut down -LRB- like my last one kept doing that I paid almost a $ 100 for -RRB- and does n't make my colored hair loose moisture . I do hope that they continue making this product but I am thinking about buying another one just in case .
 I have long thick hair that would take 25-35 min with a difuser . Now with this dryer 5 MINUTES!wonderful dryer !!!!
 I got this when it was 50 % off and I ca n't be happier . This in combination with the Vidal Sassoon hair brush has made my hair silkier and softer than it has ever been before . It is really light but powerful . I have fine thin hair so I was a bit nervous at first but it works great as long as I do n't use the hot setting . The warm works perfectly on my fine hair , drying it for the most part in a commercial break .
 I have thick , coarse , wavy hair to the middle of my back ... that I like to wear straight . My old hair dryer would take a good 20-30 minutes to dry it , and that was with me brushing and pulling and exerting some effort . So imagine my wondrous surprise when this hair dryer did the same job in about 10 minutes -- no lie ! And it is SO light !! I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the buttons are not placed very well -LRB- although I only accidentally turned it off once -RRB- , and I have to say that I wish the `` cold shot '' button was able to lock in the `` on '' position -LRB- like my last dryer did -RRB- . I tested the sound against my old dryer -LRB- probably five years old , but the same wattage and also ionic -RRB- , and they were about the same , but the Revlon is much lighter and dries the hair much faster . The air stream did seem a bit higher , but that was fine with me since I need that for my hair . And overall , my hair looked the same as it did with my old dryer.So , for a new mom with not much time for hairstyles , this hair dryer is a winner . It only gets knocked down to 4 stars because of the button placement and the cold-shot button .
 Perfect for smaller hands . It was nicely made and had great features and attachments . Quality silver coating and lightweight . Price was fair .
 I grew up with straight to wavy hair and until a few years ago my hair just became curlier on it 's own and I had no idea how to control it . I kept reading about diffusers and how it helps with naturally curly hair , so after years of using a regular blow dryer , I decided to buy this and all I can say is WOW . Not only is it a good product over all , the diffuser attachment it amazing ! I wish I could have had this years ago , it would have reduced a lot of bad hair days . The price is unbeatable , and it is lightweight .
 I have owned a lot of hair dryers in my life trust me and this is without a doubt the BEST i have ever owned . I have long hair and it dries my hair in half the time ... i also have a huge static problem and def see a difference after using this dryer . Usually after drying my hair straignt i would have to go over it with my straigtening iron ... with this dryer i do not have to do that , it leaves it so shiny ! It saves me sooo much time in the morning ! I cant comment on how long it lasts since i have only had it about 3 weeks ... but even if it lasts me 6 months to a year who cares for 20 bucks ! id go out and replace it in a heartbeat ! This is a def must have for everyone who uses a hairdryer !!!
 I read the reviews before i bought it and they were all true . This has to be one of the best dryers i 've ever owned . Great price , lite weight , the grip feels great . My hair looks great everytime . i do n't have anything bad to say about it .
 Who would 've thunk it !!!! This $ 20 blow dryer is fantastic . Warm setting is actually warm ... and stays warm . Can hold barrel with my hands . Diffuser is just the right size . Very high air flow . One review complains it went out after 10 months , who cares it was $ 20 , I spend more than that on lunch most days .
 This dryer works great . It dries your hair so quickly . I have short hair , so it takes a few minutes to dry my hair and it saves me a lot of time in the morning .
 It works fine . It 's just a little larger than I was expecting . I would get it again for the low price.BW
 The product was exactly has described in the description and I would recommend this product as a general use blow dryer .
 What do you say about a blowdryer ? It dries my hair . It 's lightweight . It 's not enormous . And my hair does n't smell like burning . That 's a definite plus . I used to walk around with my hair smelling slightly burnt from my old blowdryers . If my boyfriend hugged me and inevitably took a whiff of my hair , he was always looking puzzled . And now he does n't ! I did n't notice a huge difference in the time it takes to dry my hair - meaning , it 's not a noticeably shorter duration of time , but it 's a great blowdryer and a great price !
 Replaces another hair dryer that was 3X the price ! I have not had it long , but so far , so good !
 We bought this for my partner to take to the gym since the ones there are pretty weak , sometimes broken or being used by others . There 's nothing fancy about this one but it does the job . The attachment stays on well . Ca n't attest to the Ionization - makes no sense to me and I ca n't tell any difference between it and many others we 've used without this feature .
 Performs perfectly for an excellent price . Silver finish is nothing to get excited about , kindof dull and unimpressive , but this dryer delivers on performance . Plenty of features for every need .
 After I got this , I feel like I have healthier hair than before . This is really durable and strong . Also , It reduces the time required to dry my hair .
 Awesome product for the cost . Works like a charm . Great Packaging . I would definitely recommend this product ...
 Where can you go wrong with those two benefits . I have short , fine hair and this works just fine . My hair takes maybe 3 minutes to style/dry . No issues with static , or fly-away hair .
 Revlon dryer is everything I was looking for , this dryer is inexpensive works great and it 's lightweight . Dries very fast .
 It 's not too hot when drying your hair and dries it really fast . I hate getting all hot and sweaty in the morning before I even leave for work and this allows me not to!I plan on buying this product again and will recommend it to anyone .
 This hair dryer is easy to use and it does , indeed , make my hair dry faster than the last dryer I had did . Usually , having only two temps does n't work for me because the warm is usually too cool , but its not on this one and even the hot is n't too hot !
 This dryer really does dry the hair much faster than a regular dryer which cuts down on the damage caused to the ends of the hair . Would recommend to anyone .
 I had an 1875-watt hair dryer that I thought I liked , but when it finally died , I checked the reviews on Amazon and decided to get the Revlon 1875 Tourmaline Model RV544 . I had no idea what I was missing in the past ! It 's so light , my arm and shoulder do n't tire from holding it . And the best thing is it dries my hair in half the time it used to . It does n't seem hotter ; evidently it 's just more forceful . I love it and would highly recommend it to all !
 My T3 hairdryer started sparking inside on me , so I needed a new dryer . I did n't want to pay a lot , as I was n't that crazy about my T3 . It was heavy ! It was also too hot for my scalp.I purchased the Revlon dryer and all I can say is WOW ! It is very light weight , and very powerful . It also dried my hair in one minute ! I have thick hair that 's down to the bottom of my neck , and using this dryer along with my hair straightening iron , makes my hair is so soft , and keeps it 's style ! I highly recommend !
 I got this dryer this week and used it a few times . It is not so noisy as others have said . Sounds more like a blender on low . The rocker controls are in exactly the right place for me because you can finish with a shot of cool air without taking the dryer away from your hair . It dries faster than my expensive ionic dryer and my hair looks and feels different , too ... softer , shinier and styled the way I like it . If this dryer lasts a long long time , and keeps doing what it is supposed to do , I would say it is almost perfect . I just wish it was a bit smaller since I found it in a ` travel dryer ' search .
 I live in humid FLA - and this hairdryer does the trick . Dries fast and efficiently . The cool shot button works quickly . It 's also lightweight and quiet .
 researched many evals of hair dryers . this was the best value . gave as a gift .
 I love this product . It is a very good price . And it works very well . Would buy it again . Good ,
 I am really impressed with this blow dryer so far . I stopped going to a hair stylist because it started to become expensive and started doing my own hair . But some of my products required heat and I was not impressed with other reviews for box hair dryers or hair dryers you literally pay an arm and a leg for . So I did some research and found a hair bonnet to attach to a blow dryer and this is the best dryer I have ever had and it gets the job done . It drys my hair super fast , an hour and thirty minutes to be precise . I used to use a box hair dryer and those things took the entire day to dry my hair and then it still was not dry . This dryer is perfect . It is high powered , its fast , super hot -LRB- a little too hot but that is okay -RRB- . All I can say is that it is perfect . I do not ask for much and this dryer does not give me anything extra except the capability to dry my hair fast . And that is what I love about it . And it does not hurt that it is not an expensive dryer .
 I neeeded a new hair dryer badly -LRB- mine was probably 15 years ole -RRB- . This is very nice and quite ! I love the hot/warm air feature and the atttachments .
 This blowdryer works pretty good , not the best . I 've used better ones , but it does what I need so I 'm not going to complain . Could probably get a better one for the price I paid for this .
 I got this blowdryer to replace another one I had for a few years . At $ 20 and pretty good reviews , it was a hard bargain to beat.The dryer gets the job done . It dried my hair faster than my old dryer and I like that it comes with the two attachment pieces , though that seems to come standard nowadays with any dryer.My only comment is that the shape and placement of the buttons are slightly inconvenient . It 's smack in the middle of where you 'd hold the blowdryer , and since they are just big push buttons , it 's very easy to accidentally change settings in the middle of using it . I use this dryer at least 3 times a week and , in the month that I 've had it , I 've accident turned it off or switched a setting almost every time I 've used it . But let 's face it -- when you 're paying $ 20 for a blowdryer , you are getting it because it 's good at its job and are not expecting any extra bells and whistles .
 I bought this hairdryer over a week ago to replace an old mini-styler I had . So far it works great . Seems to dry my hair much quicker than my old dryer and the attachments are just want I need to go from curly to straight styles . I have medium-thick , very long hair . It 's really nice how light weight the dryer is too because my hair gets exhausted with some other models trying to blow-out my hair .
 After using this dryer I was a bit surprised by two attributes others criticized :1 . There is sound but not the high pitched whine of previous products .2 . It dries quickly without seemingly getting very hot.This size is quite compact and the price was very reasonable ; as usual the attachments went into some distant drawer . All in all , I 'd replace it with another just like it .
 I 've used this dryer twice since purchasing and it 's done a very decent job so far . I have dreadlocks which hold a lot of water after washing so , I needed something powerful that could completely dry my hair or come as close to that as possible . This dryer satisfies my needs , it 's powerful and even with long hair I do not need to use it at the highest settings to get good results . At the highest setting it 's very bearable and not uncomfortably hot to the ears or other parts of the face . However , if you have clips or some other metal item in your hair those can get very hot and that can be a bit painful . As long as you focus the dryer on your hair it 's good.The only problem I have with the dryer is the placement of the control buttons . Based on the way that I have to hold the dryer I 'm either turning it off or changing the settings while I 'm using it which is a bit of a nuisance . I know that most dryers are like this but I 've never had a problem like this one before . I 'm not sure if it 's the style of the buttons but they switch very easily , which can be a good thing when starting it up but can be a problem while in use.All in all for the price it 's an excellent dryer .
 I needed to buy a new blow dryer but was low on cash . I just went on google and put out the question best blow dryer and this one came up and then of course the others for @ $ 150 and then it told me I could get it at Walgreens for more or Amazon for like $ 19.00 and then I got it with free shipping , so what a deal ! . It is lightweight , low sound and works really well . It does get really hot but I then just turn it down to the med level .
 After a really long search I kept finding good reviews on this Revlon RV544 tourmaline ionic lightweight and for that price I had to give a try , OMG it is really amazing I dried my hair in record time and the result ... , I had no frizz !!! The hair dryer is lightweight and not loud even my my two pounds Yorkie likes it and her very long silky hair looks Shiny and soft ' , I love it would recommend highly .
 Things I love about this dryer ... it 's lightweight , fairly quiet , has hot , warm and cool settings , and it does n't fry my hair . Unfortunately , at 9 months , mine developed an exceptionally loud buzzing noise that makes me feel I 'm going to go deaf using it , so I 'm replacing it . I hate to replace a hair dryer at just 9 months , but thankfully it 's very inexpensive !
 I love this dryer ! It is so much lighter then my old clunker . Also the attachable nozzle is great for getting deep into your hair and drying your roots and whatnot . The heat settings are adequate and the beast part is that you can bring this with you to work or the gym because it wont weigh you down !
 I like this blow dryer . I was looking for one that was affordable yet good quality and I think this is it . Other reviewers were concerned about the location of the buttons but all other blow dryers I had previously had buttons in the same spot . The only reason they might have had trouble is that the buttons press easily , so maybe the previous reviewers move their fingers around a bit while drying ? I do n't have any issue with the buttons . Also , I held the diffuser up to my 4 year old son 's hair and told him aliens were drying his hair and he thought that was super funny ...
 I bought this hairdryer about 5 years ago and it died this morning . So I came to Amazon and was happy to see they still made it and I purchased a new one . I absolutely love it . My hair is not super thick but I do have a lot of it and dries my hair very quickly . I use it with the diffuser and my waves/curls come out looking great .
 I have thick wavy hair that gets very puffy espcially in the humidity . my hair has been looking really good since I started using this dryer . The dryer has cut at least 5 minutes off my usual 20 min drying time . The plastic on the outside is very lightweight , but feels like it may break if dropped . So far , I really like it , and the price is right !
 Bought a $ 200 + T3 to replace my T3 that began to smell like it was burning . I was less than impressed with that hair dryer and decided to give a less expensive one a try . I bought this based on the Amazon reviews , and I am not disappointed . It dries my hair quickly -LRB- I have fairly fine , curly hair but a lot of it -RRB- , leaves it soft and easy to manage . I 'm happy with this purchase and would recommend this dryer to others .
 I just got this blow dryer about a month ago and I love it , it 's easy to handle and does n't make your hair as frizzy as other dryers . But there 's one strange problem , the paint on the handle is coming off . It comes off on your hand when drying your hair and it 's making the handle sticky .
 I 've been using my old one for a while but my was this a big change ! buying a new dryer , i didnt expect such a huge difference , but This hair dryer is almost heavenly compared to my old one . This dryer is considerably lighter , and works way faster , even with my thick hair .
 Love this hairdryer !!! I did a lot of research on hairdryers , and I 'm so pleased to have found this product . It 's very lightweight , quiet , & dries my hair super quick . I wish it was a little more compact -LRB- for travel -RRB- , but for everyday home use , it 's absolutely perfect !
 I have curly hair in a wash and wear style , but wanted a dryer that would help me leave the house for meetings or church without looking and feeling damp . This one does the job beautifully . The diffuser affixes firmly to the nozzle and the diffuser nubs are large and long enough to keep the warm air the perfect distance from my curls . I can dry my roots gently without disturbing my set or creating frizz . A great dryer for the money . The attachment to concentrate hot air also works well when I want to blow my hair straight .
 I really like this dryer
 Love this hair dryer . Was n't sure if the whole `` ionic '' thing was BS or not , but I have to say -- this dries my hair much faster than any other dryer I 've owned -LRB- I have pretty thick hair -RRB- , and it does make my hair shiney . All the other hair dryers I 've had made my hair look all dried out and gave it fly-aways . Not this one . And it 's reasonably priced . Highly recommend it !
 I 'm a long-time Amazon buyer - but do n't write many reviews . My review now is by happen-stance as I was poking around in `` my account '' options and was reviewing what I had purchased over the years and came across this purchase in 2006 . Ca n't recommend this dryer enough -LRB- and yes - perhaps the newer models have changed in appearance/button location -RRB- . Bottom line - hair dries in much , much less time and this dryer is still going steady after 3 years of use.You can pay $ 75.00 -- > on up if you choose to buy another dryer because you ca n't handle where the buttons are located on this dryer . So do what ever floats the boat . But for my money and the same results - you ca n't find a better dryer anywhere for this price .
 This hair dryer is the third in a series of attempts to find the right hair dryer for my wife , who has long thick hair . The first one was a Vidal Sassoon that had ionic technology , but did n't get near hot enough . She was drying her hair for > 20 minutes.The second attempt was the Revlon RV469 ceramic , which was much quieter and got hotter , but did n't have much air flow . Also , it is quite heavy . It was better than the first dryer , but not hair drying nirvana.This dryer -LRB- Revlon RV544 -RRB- has easily cut my wife 's drying time in half . She has very thick & long hair , and the high heat setting makes quick work of it . It gets hot enough that I actually tone it down to warm for myself -LRB- I have short , thick hair -RRB- whenever I have to use the dryer . I think the air flow settings are perfect . The dryer is also nice and light , and fits in a bathroom drawer easily , unlike some of the bulkier models out there.My wife thinks this is the best dryer she has ever had . We highly recommend it .
 I was a skeptic when it came to hairdryers -- they all blow air into your hair and it dries , right ? Not so ! The technology in this hair dryer is tourmaline ionic , meaning it reduces static , frizz , and boosts shine . I had a vidal sassoon before , and a Conair before that , and they were supposedly `` ionic '' but my hair was still quite a bit frizzy afterwards.This Revlon is amazing , though -- my hair is so straight , sleek , and shiny , without having to apply a bunch of creams or shining sprays . It saves a lot of time ! It comes with two attachments -LRB- diffuser , concentrator -RRB- -- I 've only used the concentrator to straighten my hair and it takes around six minutes and works effectively.Also , a HUGE bonus is its lightweight ! The comparable Conair version -LRB- nearly same price , ionic -RRB- is so so much heavier , while this hairdryer is easy to move , so I can pick it up and use it all over my hair.The only con about this as others have mentioned is that you have to hold it carefully or else your fingers will accidentally turn the hairdryer off -- the buttons move easily and are near where you place your fingers to hold it.Bottom Line
 I can not say enough good things about this dryer ! It dries incredibly quickly , is the lightest I have ever owned , and is very reasonably priced . I was going to buy the T3 Tourmaline for nearly 10 times the price , until I realized the seller would not honor its warantee on products purchased through Amazon . I have forever retired my previous ceramic dryer , which strained my arm so much , I considered installing a bracket on my body to hold it up . Other small details that make a difference
 I am a hair stylist and have been for 20 years . I read an article that this dryer compared to the T3 -LRB- which is a couple HUNDRED dollars -RRB- . I figured at this price , how could I not just give it a try . Well ... I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dryer ! Quiet , light , powerful and dryies my hair FAST . I highly recommend this product !
 My hair is about waist-length and very thick . It generally takes me 20-30 minutes with other dryers but with this dryer , it took about 10 minutes or less for to dry my hair . And it 's light-weight ! The diffuser is great too ! It lessens the force of the blow dryer ... so I guess for all those other reviewers who said this blew too hard , they did n't use the diffuser . In any case , I would highly recommend this dryer to anyone who wants to shorten their blow dryer time!UPDATE May 30 , 2010 : Just wanted to update and say that I still have this blowdryer and still love it . I do n't blowdry my hair often but would still highly recommend this !
 My husband bought this dryer for me for Christmas . I have very thick , curly/wavy shoulder length hair . With previous dryers I would take forever blowdrying my hair only to have it frizz , then I 'd have to use a flat iron . Eventually , I got fed up with trying to style my hair and just let my hair `` go natural '' . I talked to my hairdresser who suggested an ionic/tourmaline dryer . My husband picked this one because of the good reviews.Well , the first time I used it I was amazed . My hair looked as good as it does when I leave the salon and dried very quickly . Another big plus was that the dryer was very light . Previously , my arms would get tired and my neck and shoulders would hurt -LRB- I have muscle spasms in this area -RRB- trying to dry and style my hair but not with this dryer . It also eliminated the need for a flat iron which really cut down on time spent on my hair.Other reviewers said the dryer was noisy and the buttons were difficult to control but I have n't noticed a problem with either issue . The buttons took a little time to get used to but once I used the dryer a few times , it was fine . Also , the only attachment I have used is the concentrator so I ca n't comment on the diffuserThis hairdryer truly is amazing . I even got my hair cut into a trendier style now that I can control it . If you looking for a dryer that will make styling your hair easier , faster and make your hair look healthier , thiis is it !
 This is the lightest hair dryer I 've owned , about half the weight of my previous model . I heard about this hair dryer on a morning TV news show and it was rated the best even over the $ 100 + tourmaline dryers , so for $ 23 I had to try it . It was sold out everywhere I looked ... Target , Walmart etc. . I finally found it here with a 1-3 week wait and ordered it . It did take about 3 weeks to get but It 's so worth it . My hair is dry in almost half the time , the high setting is sooo strong . I highly recommend this especially if you have long thick hair like me that takes forever to dry naturally .
 The Revlon Tourmaline hair dryer drys as fast as advertised . It is also very lightweight . Love it !
 I found this dryer to be lightweigt and very quick drying even when using the diffuser .
 This is a solid hairdryer . It dries quickly , it 's comfortable to hold , and it has the right amount of bells and whistles . I like how it not only has a hot setting and the usual cold-blast , but it also has a warm setting , which is nice to be able to use on my young daughter . It does what it needs to do for not a lot of money !
 I love this blowdryer ! It 's surprisingly light considering the power it has . I really like the diffuser , too . It works well and very quickly on my curly hair . I 'd highly recommend this dryer .
 This dryer works very well , but it is n't as `` lightweight '' as one might expect it to be , considering that is the way it is advertised .
 This hair dryer is excellent for quickly drying your hair . I am able to dry my daugther 's long hair in about 35 minutes . I purchased the T3 for this versatility , but when it went on the blink , I decided to try a different product that promised the same results . This dryer provides the same or better results at a fraction of the cost .
 I purchased this blow dryer after reading a variety of great online reviews . I am happy with the purchase as it drys my long hair fairly quickly . The only things I do n't like about it is that it is loud and does n't fold up . The price was the best on Amazon.com !
 My wife loves this product . I bought it for her birthday . She says that it takes half as much time to get ready in the morning because the blow dryer gets the job done quickly . She has long hair . It goes down to her mid back.I would buy this product again .
 Hair dryer is exactly as described and it does a great job . I love it .
 This product dries my hair much quicker than my previous hair dryer . The diffuser also works great and my hair does not feel dry .
 I was in the market for a new hair dryer , but I did n't need one with all the styling gadgets . I just wanted one to dry my hair.I see a big difference in the way my hair looks and feels after it has been dried with this dryer . The dryer leaves my long , fine hair smooth and silky . I did not see any decrease in drying time , however . That is why I only gave it 4 stars.I am happy with it and would recommend it to others .
 I love love love this dryer ! I have blond , overprocessed , long , fine hair and this dryer leaves it so smooth ! I ca n't believe it ! It dries my hair in five minutes , compared to twenty minutes with my old dragon dryer -LRB- you know the one , practically spits fire and weighs a ton ! -RRB- . This does blow fast , even on low , but that is the great thing about it ! The dryer is so LIGHT ! 14.8 ounces to be exact ! I just ca n't tell you enough about why I love it ! The shipping was free , and the price was half what it is in the store . If you have fragile hair , this is for you . If you have thick hair , this is for you . If you have frizzy hair , fine hair , any hair . . well you get the idea !
 After looking for a blow dryer for several weeks and being quite surprised at how much they cost . -LRB- I had n't purchased one in a couple of years . -RRB- I could not understand why some of them cost as much as $ 250 ! I do n't see that the technology is that much different from the less expensive ones . So after reading the reviews on this blowdryer I purchased it and could n't be happier . I have curly/kinky African-American hair that I must wash every day . I work outside the home so I have to dry my hair every day as well . This dryer is perfect . It does n't get too hot and fry my hair but it gets hot enough to get it dry quickly . The diffuser attachment fits perfectly and works well . The multiple heat settings are nice for drying my hair closer to my face - I can set it on a lower temperature . This is a fantastic blowdryer . It is lightweight and not very loud . Best deal for the money !
 This is hands down , the best hair dryer I 've ever had.The hot setting is very hot but , you do n't really need to use it . The warm works just as well and only adds a couple of minutes . * What is amazing is the finished product - WAY LESS FLYAWAYS and my hair stays frizz-free all day -LRB- and that is NOT what I normally see with my hair -RRB- . Do n't let the price fool you - this is a VERY GOOD hair dryer .
 I bought this dryer a few weeks agao at BJ 's wholesale club for only $ 17.99 . It came with a free anti-frizz ionic brush as well . After trying hair dryers by Chi , Conair , and Wahl , I was so fed up . All those dryers took a very long time to dry my shoulder-length naturally-wavy hair -LRB- over 15 minutes -RRB- , and they left me with frizz and no shine . The Revlon is fantastic . It only took 8 minutes to completely dry my hair , and left me with smooth beautiful shine . Note
 I 've bought and returned a few hair dryers now in my quest for the perfect one for my hair , which is really good when i do a little work on it . My requirements are simple - ionic , tourmaline , powerful when you want and gentle when you want , reasonably sized and light weight . This dryer perfectly fit the bill , ended my long-lasting quest and finally I have MY hair dryer!Update 4/19/11 - Three years have passed , my hair is now waist-length -LRB- beautiful , but more work -RRB- and this hair dryer still rocks ! I 've recommended it to many friends and they 've all loved it . I thought $ 30 was inexpensive -LRB- that was what I paid when I bought it -RRB- but friends have bought it for almost half that prize on Amazon during this period . It 's just awesome that you can get such a great product for such a low price . Seriously - go for it !
 This product did n't last me very long so I eventually bit the bullet and bought a pricer alternative which I am very happy with .
 I am a beginner using hair dryer . I moved to US one year back , and in India natural weather is enough for fast drying -LSB- except for winters -RSB- , but after moving to San Francisco , which remains foggy mostly around the year , i needed a dryer . I simply love this one , and how quickly it dries my hair . And also it leaves my hair soft and silky instead of dry and rough . I use the cold shot at the end to diffuse any static ions .
 I 'm very happy IThis is an excellent beauty tool ! I have a difficult hair and this . Help so much !
 I ordered this hair dryer that I tried at my daughters and loved it . It is light weight , stays hot and dries quickly . The cord is of good length as well . Shipping was quicker than stated . Amazon does a great job !
 I had much higher hopes on this item based upon the Ionic feature . I do n't believe it worked that much better . Oh well . It still is a good dryer for a good price .
 It 's light , just as advertised . I feel noticeable smoothness in my hair after using it . Also , it dries very fast . Do n't care too much for the heat diffuser attachment because my hair is n't thick enough to benefit from it . Overall , I am very pleased with this product .
 The shipping on this item was pretty slow . It took approximately 2 weeks for delivery . I expected it take about 5-7 days . I like the dryer . It is a little bit lighter than my other Revlon Ionic dryer which is nice . It also gets hotter than my previous dryer which I also like . Overall I like the dryer . I would recommend it .
 This is a great little hairdryer . I like the fact that it is so light weight . It works great also . I would definitely buy another one of the same model .
 MY DAUGHTER IS VERY HAPPY WITH HER FIRST HAIR DRYER.IT `` S GREAT ON A TEENAGER 'S HAIR .
 I have been having a terrible time with static in my house since the winter months have come , I 've been spraying static guard in my hair like crazy and just end up putting my hair up in a pony because I get so sick of it . Since I started using this hairdryer I have had NO problems with static AND it makes my hair so soft . Love it ! Would buy again !
 this little device is amazing for its price ... I have curly hair and absolutely love it . dries my hair so quickly
 According to the fiance this is the best hair dryer she has ever used . Dries her hair very quickly and contrary to what some have said about the size is not much larger than her old one . Average size according to her .
 I ca n't believe it ... I had the older model but still very expensive T3 ... this outperforms the T3 ! It 's light , and Ireally do see a difference in the condition of my hair . . it is def silkier and drying time was less than with the pricey T3!Love it
 I have had this for 2 years now and use it almost every day . Its not too loud , still works great , easy to hold in hand , has the bonus piece , good price and good setting , hot , warm , cold and low/high . Works perfectly fine as should and I have no complaints with product .
 I bought this and a T3 at the same time due to recommendations . The T3 was poorly made and did n't perform as well as the Revlon ! The T3 is in a drawer and I use the Revlon every day . At 1/3 the price , this one is clearly the winner .
 This dryer is lightweight & dries my hair very fast ; I have curly/coily african-american hair & have to use products to make my curls pop , so I wet it almost every morning & this dryer definitely works fast getting my hair dry . I 'm very happy with it .
 After my old OLD hair dryer bit it , I started hunting around for a big-girl dryer that would n't break the bank . This item came up over and over again , and for the price , I figured it was worth a shot . I had been using a cheapy-McCheaperson dryer -LRB- that I 've had since childhood -- d'oh ! -RRB- , so I did n't think I could get something worse for my hair than that thing anyway!I have long , very fine hair that goes static crazy when it 's dry out . While I did n't notice it at first , now that I think about it , my hair is not as static-y as it used to be . I also do n't seem to notice as much damage to my hair as I used to , especially when it comes to split ends . However , I 've also started to take better care of my hair than I used to and I now use preventative products such as a heat protectant and a tiny bit of Argan oil to help protect and maintain hair health , so while I 've noticed hair improvement , I have no idea if it 's from the hair products , the dryer , or both -LRB- I designed a very poor scientific experiment -- too many variables . Sorry ! -RRB- . As far as dry time , I do n't think I notice much of a difference , but my hair is very fine and I do n't have much of it to begin with , so if my drying time was cut from 6 to 5 minutes , I would n't notice . I do n't use the concentrator or the diffusor , so I ca n't comment on those . However , the dryer does n't seem overly noisy or heavy , which I like , especially for the technology that 's packed inside . I 've also noticed that my boyfriend uses it every once in a while , and he never did that with my old one , so maybe it 's sleek and cool looking enough that he reaches for it now ? Hah , I have no idea ! I also have n't had any problems with the buttons being in the wrong place , or anything like that . I wish it had a swivel and/or retractable cord , but it 's not the end of the world that it does n't . However , take note that those features are lacking if that is important to you!Overall , I have n't had the amazing experience that others have had with this dryer , but I think it 's more due to the thinness and fineness of my hair . I have n't had any negative experiences , just have n't been blown away -LRB- har har -RRB- like some others have . I 'd still recommend this dryer to others , as it 's a decent dryer for the tech that 's packed inside , even if those bonuses do n't seem to change my hair 's life !
 This item is good but not as great as all the reviews make it out to be . It does dry my girlfriends hair quicker than her old dryer and leaves it softer but its not any lighter or quieter which were the main reasons i purchased . All and all good enough but you can run down to the local Target and pick up something similar I 'm sure .
 After spending over $ 50 bucks every 6 months on a new blow dryer - I found this one ! I have the curliest hair ever , and I blow dry every day for 30-40 minutes ... This blow dryer not only has outlasted the rest , but has also been THE HOTTEST by far that Ive had . Love it !!!
 First , this dryer is very light weight and easy to use . It dries my very thick hair in less than half the time others dryers have in the past . NO FRIZZ !!! I have naturally curly hair and this dryer -LRB- with the Diffuser attached -RRB- simply dried my hair without leaving my hair frizzy for days . I wish I would 've bought this years ago . I also like the variable temperature settings - more options than on most dryers . I would recommend this product to anyone who cares about whether they are frying their hair or not . Plus , I ordered this while deployed in Afghanistan and it got here within a week from the states !!!
 Light weight with excellent power with 2 speeds . The cord is also a good length . The defuser is sturdy and fits the head of the dryer well .
 This is a great hair dryer . It 's reasonably priced , lightweight , and fairly quiet . The only problem I 've seen -LRB- as have other reviewers -RRB- is that it 's easy to hit the switches and either turn off the dryer , lower the temperature , etc. . Overall , though it 's an excellent buy in quality and cost .
 I have very thick hair , and it takes me ages to dry with most of the other hairdryers I 've owned . I bought this one a couple years ago on the recommendation of a friend , and it has not disappointed -- it dries my hair faster than anything else I 've tried , and continued to work perfectly for more than 2 years . It recently broke -LRB- entirely my fault , I dropped it from high up onto a hard floor -RRB- , and I immediately rushed to buy a new one to replace it . Highly recommended .
 Very good dryer and easy to uses . It 's lightweight and very powerful with great features like ionic . Perfect for everyday use and not too big for travel .
 Other Customer reviews helped me buy this for my wife and she is very pleased ! I Think if you want an inexpensive Hair Dryer That acts like an expensive one than this is a good try ! Although the test of time is still out as it was a recent purchase . We are pleased !
 I really like this hair dryer , I do n't particularly style my hair with it , but it has those different positions , so it 's really nice to use and very light . Very easy to use on a daily basis .
 I got this based on a well known reviewing website and I 've been pleased . The design is good except for the position of the buttons and the cord is longer than most .
 It 's been about 3 weeks since I upgraded to this Revlon hairdryer from Conair ionic shine 1875 and I 'm LOVING it !!!!! I should have bought this sooner !! PROS : - very lightweight as advertised !! - fairly quiet compared to my old Conair ionic shine 1875 - flip switches for temperature -LRB- Hot and warm -RRB- and power -LRB- High , low and off -RRB- -- I love this because it 's easy to switch to different settings with one finger while blow drying my hair ! - hold down button for cool shot - blue light when ionic function is working - I find `` Warm '' setting hot enough to dry my hair without burning my scalp -LRB- and it does so fairly quickly -RRB- - my hair is obviously softer , straighter and tangle free - static and frizz free - cord does not tangleCONS : - not `` foldable '' - cord does not retractHope my review helps !
 I have used this hair dryer twice since I received it yesterday . I honestly am amazed.I had been using a junky hair dryer for a long time , so I finally decided to invest in another one . I only regret that I did n't do this sooner!I can not believe how smooth my hair is when I am done drying it . I have the volume minus the frizz , which I did n't even know was possible.I have long -LRB- a few inches past my shoulders -RRB- medium-thick hair , and it dries it in a decent amount of time.My only complaint is that is kind of heavy . My arm gets sore from holding it up too long.Otherwise , I highly recommend this hair-dryer ! I 'm glad I bought it : -RRB-
 I am very pleased with the product received very prompt shipping and excellent quality ... thank you very much , very recommended
 I really like that it is very lightweight . It dries my hair quickly , and leaves less frizz than my last one did . I have n't tried the adapters for it yet , but I like the two different speeds . It 's simple and just what I needed to quickly do my hair in the morning .
 This is an excellent hair dryer . It 's fast and the lightest dryer I 've ever handled . It comes with 2 attachments and a very good price versus what you 'll pay at Target or Walmart . I 've been using it for a couple of months now and I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 My old hair dryer recently died on me . After reading through reviews , I purchased this one . I am amazed at how fast it dries my hair . I have super static hair that 's especially bad in the winter . This definitely helped calm the static . I could n't ask for a better hair dryer !
 This is the best dryer I 've owned . It is extremely lightweight , as listed , and dries hair quickly . Great product at an affordable price !
 I purchased my own Revlon hair dryer about 1.5 years ago.It 's so lightweight and easy to use.My mom , who is a very picky person , wanted to try it because I keep saying great things about it.She tried it one time ... and told me to buy her another one!It 's a steal for something this good under 20 dollars!I would definitely recommend it to all my friends !
 I have thick hair , so I need a hairdryer with some serious power and heat . This model is much better than my last hairdryer . It only has two heat settings , but that 's all I really need . I sometimes accidentally turn it off because of where the on/off switch is , but it takes 0.5 seconds to turn it back on so who cares . It does n't just blow air into my hair , it blows my hair around and gets it dry much faster than other hairdryers . It 's light so my arm does n't get tired . I have n't had problems with it sucking my hair into the intake vent either . I 've had it for more than a year , and if it dies , I 'll get another one . Highly recommend !
 I have had this hair dryer for about a month now . It works wonderfully !!! Much better than my old one -LRB- that got accidently shipped to New York ! -RRB- . It is lightweight , powerfull and drys very well . I am one happy camper !
 This dryer is a really good value . I was willing to spend more , but hesitant to shell out the money for a T3 . Unfortunately , there just is n't much in-between . After checking the reviews , it seemed many of the negative reviewers seemed to expect this to be AS GOOD AS the T3 . I 'm sure I would like a T3 if I had one , but I think my hair looks pretty great with this one . I have a lot of very fine hair which takes a while to get completely dry . This dryer is probably the quickest I 've used and gets it pretty smooth . Those are my main requirements of a dryer . The loudness and weight of the dryer are n't terribly important to me , so I ca n't say whether I would recommend it to anyone looking to fill those criteria . It does n't seem overly loud , and I can get through drying my hair without my arm aching , so that 's good enough for me .
 This has got to be the best dryer I have purchased . I have thick , long hair and it is a hassle to blow dry and usually the dryer cuts off from over heating at least four times before I 'm finished . The dryer stayed hot the entire time , never cut off and it took me half the time as usual.It was a bit too powerful to use on my youngest daughter 's hair but did wonders on my eldest.I wish there was a comb attachment but the dryer itself is wonderful !!
 I thought I would like the fingers to be longer , but it is just right . It does n't blow my hair around as much as the other ones , so for curly hair it keeps the waves in place while drying ! And the head does n't fall off like older models did !
 This hair dryer is a great value . It cost about $ 20 and dries my hair faster than my last dryer . It is lightweight , has a large , diffuser , and has actually eliminated the frizz in my bangs . Do n't waste your money on a more expensive dryer .
 Surprised at good value of Revlon Ionic Dryer . I have long fine hair , dries my hair in three minutes . Really like cool button feature for bringing out shine .
 This is a really good , functional hair dryer . Bought it to replace an aging T3 that was much more expensive , but this Revlon dryer dries just as quickly and my hair is shinier . My personal observation is that all tourmaline dryers impart much more shine when new , but for me there is no chance I 'll go back to the T3 price range as long as this Revlon product is on the market .
 Pros
 This dryer works very well-fast , light , and makes hair soft . It 's not any quieter than my previous dryer , but because I can dry my hair much faster , I do n't have to listen to it as long . The ` tourmaline ionic ' part makes a big difference to the softness of my hair .
 I like this blow dryer . It blows hotter than my old one did and seems to dry my hair faster than my old one did . My hair is fairly thin , so it does n't usually take that long to dry anyway . I like the diffuser , but since my hair is stick straight anyway , it does n't really do anything to my hair except make it a little bit smoother , though it does slow down drying time . I read that it was one of the quietest blow dryers out there , but it 's about as loud as my old one was . My old was probably did n't have much power , so that 's probably why it 's just as quiet/loud . Overall , I like it . It 's super lightweight and it works well .
 I expected this dryer to do the job in 5 minutes . I was delighted when my hair was dry in 3 minutes . Great product , purchased 2 more to give as gifts , and they were very well received : -RRB-
 Light weight , easy to use and does the job very well ... I would not hesitate to recommend this product .
 I bought this as a gift.It is very light and powerful . At first I thought the Tourmaline Ionic was a bit of a gimmick but my wife really likes it . She says it leaves her hair softer than before and the driver is much faster than her old dryer . I guess it 's a winner .
 REally well priced and well built . It does the job without a lot of gadgets , and lots of parts . I like it a lot .
 Recommended by my hair stylist as I was having a hard time with my new very short haircut . This was easier because of power which made drying quick , and hair looked full and curly which is what I wanted !
 My wife really likes this hair dryer , it ` s light weight . It has hot , warm and cold switch . she only use the warm level . Her hair looks great .
 Dryer gets super hot and love that there are so many different settings depending on what I am trying to do . The attachments are great and is on the smaller size so it stores easily .
 Comfortable in hand . Quite and powerful . The price is good . The design is good . My wife is happy with it .
 Just got this to replace my T3 that my daughter accidentally dropped in the toilet . My husband had gotten me the T3 as a gift , but I did n't want to shell out that kind of money again unless absolutely necessary . So I 'm trying this much cheaper but well reviewed alternative . I 've only used it a few times , but so far drying time is relatively fast -LRB- maybe takes 4-5 more minutes than the T3 -RRB- and the result is a nice smooth blowout . So seems like a good value . My hair is long , curly , but not very thick , just for reference .
 This is a great dryer for a great price . This Revlon can hold its own with the much more expensive brands . My wife has a ton of curly hair and she loves how fast this dryer works .
 I 've had the same blow dryer forever and thought it was time to get a new one . Love this dryer . Works quickly on my thick long hair ! Great price , works great !
 This is a light weight , powerful , not overly noisy model . It does the trick for drying long or short hair quickly . Have not used the diffuser but it otherwise works well . It is not a compact dryer so I do n't think I 'd pack it for travel but great for home . No problems with the controls as some had mentioned accidentlly turning it off . Good price and I 'm glad I chose this one !
 I 've recently experienced a very expensive flat iron so I was in the mindset to think that only a very expensive blow dryer would do . However , like the informed consumer that I am , I did my research online as to which dryer was the best . From what I read , this dryer performed very well against others on the market and was second only to the T3 dryer that cost over $ 300 . When it really came down to it , there were no specifics as to what made the T3 better . Since this was around $ 30 , I thought I 'd try it . I did n't need the dryer to do many things . I style my hair with heat -LRB- flat iron -RRB- so I blow dry on `` warm '' only . I do not style with the dryer anymore , only to dry it and give it a little volume . Perhaps my previous dryers are to blame for my clumsiness with the dryer -LRB- on myself -RRB- . When I 'm doing other people 's hair , no problem , but on my own head , the dryer always felt foreign and positioned incorrectly.This dryer changed my whole outlook . It drys my hair really fast from just showered -LRB- I rarely bother to towel dry the way `` they '' say I should -RRB- and is SO lightweight ! My arms are not sore from lifting the round brush UP , AWAY from my head , and twirl , twirl . I can switch hands when I dry the other side of my head instead of ending up with one side that is bouncy and fresh and one side that did n't get the right direction of TLC.I will never use the diffuser on myself so I ca n't say how that works . The other one , the focus ? Narrow thing ? Is great . Even on `` warm '' it takes less time to dry my waist-long hair than my other dryer on `` hot . '' It is so quick that I do n't lose patience and give up . I 'm not a hair person and I want results QUICK.I used to dread washing my hair because of blow drying after . This changed my whole perspective .
 I recently bought this item from amazon.com and I 've been very pleased with it 's performance . It 's light , generates good airflow , and dries my hair quickly . Before I made the purchase , I researched it on this site and at consumersearch.com , where it was a top rated product . So far it has not disappointed .
 I replaced my turbo-charged and so very LOUD hair dryer with this item . I was a little skeptical with the comments of how quiet it was , but it 's TRUE ! It 's powerful without the noise . No matter what room you were in , you could hear when the old hair dryer was being used , not with this . I can use it in the master bathroom and not disturb my husband is the bedroom .
 I 'm currently on my second one of these . It 's a great , powerful hair dryer , and I 'll probably keep buying one when this one eventually fails!I had my first one for about a year , when it suddenly decided only to work when the business end was pointed down . Which , okay , I can work with , but I did n't hesitate to buy another one to replace it . It 's powerful , not too loud , not too heavy or unwieldy , and it actually gets hot . Some other reviewers feel that it gets too hot , but I think it 's just right , though it was certainly a change to use a new , more powerful dryer after using a practical but underpowered foldable model for years . The attachments are great , and I got a little tutorial from the amazing lady who cuts my hair on how to use the diffuser attachment , which was super helpful.This is definitely a bang-for-your-buck sort of product -- maybe it 's not the flashiest , maybe it wo n't last long enough to be passed down to your grandkids , but in the meantime , it does exactly what you want it to . No bells and whistles here , but it 's a solid little thing that can really do its job . And you ca n't beat that price !
 I bought my first RV544 after a `` blow-dry 101 '' class with my stylist . Noted features
 I have fine , color treated hair but I have 3 daughters with a variety of hair types . My daughters all have their own but everyone ends up in my bathroom to share this hair dryer . It works better than any other hair dryer for adding shine , reducing frizziness . It is light to hold and I will definitely buy another if/when I need a new one.Best hair dryer I have ever purchased .
 What I like about this product is that it 's super light . Very easy to hold over your head without getting tired . However , I do n't think it dries as quickly as my old hairdryer . I like the cool blast setting for setting hair in place . I would buy again , just takes a couple extras minutes to dry .
 I have really thick curly hair and it takes forever to dry normally and most dryers tend to leave my hair frizzy . After using the Revlon RV544 my hair looks shiny and healthy and it does n't take a long time . Another plus is that it truly is light weight and does n't make my arm tired .
 This is definitely worth the price . It is the lightest weight dryer I have ever handled and it does dry my hair quicker . Not sure why anyone would want the heat to get hotter than it does , it works just fine on the high setting . I do n't know how long this is going to last , but even if it is just for a year , it was worth it . What do you expect for $ 17 ?
 I have n't bought a new hairdryer in a while now since its not something that needed to be changed unless it is broken , and I 'm really glad my old one broke so i got the chance to try this great hair dryer out . I found it to be lightweight and makes my hair feel silky and smooth -LRB- not frizzy and dry like the old traditional ones may make my hair feel -RRB- although it is moderately noisy . It is also pretty powerful as it dries my hair in half the time as my old dryer.I definitely recommend this !
 Bought the hairdryer for my wife as a gift . She loved it . It is light weight and has all the necessary functions/setting etc. . Good value for money overll
 I have frizzy , wavy hair that is difficult to manage . Recently I gota hair cut and could n't believe how great the texture and manageability ofmy hair was . I bought a new hair dryer , having currently owned theRevlon 1875 without Tourmaline , put the concentrator attachementon , which I had lost , and tried and tried to get the same resultsas the hair dresser . I was frustrated . Finally , I tried using theNEW hair dryer , which was this one - Revlon 1875 Tourmaline - fantastic - it was like I had different hair or gone for some expensive hairtreatment . Not only does this dryer dry or hair fast , it makes the texture , the layers , etc. look great . Buy it today !
 With the promotional certificates plus the already low price I was able to get this for $ 15.97 . Wow ! The dryer works really great . It was slow shipping though . It took 1 month to get the item . It works great - I tried it one time so far and it was nice . I considered buying one of the $ 100 + blow dryers and this one was right up there in performance so I am glad I went with it . It has nice power plus it is lightweight .
 This has been the most helpful thing I have gotten all year . I have a kid whose hair is super curly . She is 4 so I had never used a blow dryer on her hair , as she has super dry hair , and I did not want to make it super frizzy . I started doing research on curly hair , and we started using these hair products called shea moisture , you can find on here but they are expensive . They sell them at walgreens for $ 10 cheaper . Also spraying her hair with water before brushing , to not rip the curls out , which happens if you brush it dry.Anyways , people were saying to use a tourmaline ionic blow dryer , and figured I would give it a try , and with the diffuser attachment its absolutely amazing ! I can finally brush her hair in the middle of winter , and not worry about her getting sick from going outside with wet hair.I am very pleased with this blow dryer . It also reduces the static in my straight fine hair . Takes longer , but with the diffuser I do n't have a static head !
 Going through hairdryers every 6 months was getting old . This one has lasted much longer and is still going ! Revlon RV544 is like the Energizer Bunny .
 I have very long straight hair . This dryer is lightweight and easy to manage . I would definitely recommend for long hair .
 Love this hair dryer ! I found reviews on consumersearch.com and bought the dryer on Amazon . Highly recommend the dryer ! It 's quiet and gets the job done quickly .
 I do n't normally do reviews , but I 've got a little time on my hands . lol . I received this blow dryer in the beginning of January 2013 and it has worked well for me so far . I have n't used the diffuser attachment yet , but I plan to in the future . I am a black woman and have natural hair . I do not blow dry my hair more than once a week . I also did not use the blow dryer when my hair was fully wet , only when damp.I really like the cool shot button !
 I love this hair dryer . Good value and the weight is not too heavy to make you feel like you 've had a workout after drying your hair . I have long hair and that is important . Looks nice and the attachment/difuser is a nice bonus too . I 've used it and it works awesomely .
 My wife really likes this product . It is fast to dry her hair and easy to use . Well design and perfect size .
 Great hair dryer I have very thick hair and it dries my hair very fast Great product and would buy again !!!!
 This hair dryer is really good . Dry so fast , i love it ... It is really cheap ... I recommend this product .
 This hair dryer works like a champ . It gets to a high enough heat and does not give your hair that fried feel or look .
 I was actually looking for another hairdryer when I came across this one and the excellent reviews . I have very thick hair , although not long . Finding a hairdryer that dried quick was what I wanted . This product does a great job and I only used it on low . My hairdresser said there is a problem with the Ionic dryers in that they can burn your hair , so be careful.It was delivered in two days , the box was damaged on the outside but the dryer was in good condition .
 It drys your hair fast !! But do not make your hair dry !! Amazing product for it price !! Love it &#65281;
 I wanted an inexpensive dryer . works great , had my hair dry in no time at all . Got both the diffuser and volumizer attachments . Great for the price .
 All the reviews here are accurate.Lightweight and easy to control.Hot is not so hot as to burn you and gets the job done .
 I do n't do anything with a hairdryer except dry my hair -LRB- meaning I do n't use it to `` style '' my hair -RRB- . This hairdryer does dry hair . It 's not as lightweight as you might think -LRB- which is why I bought it -RRB- . It 's really kind of bulky . Also , the buttons are too easy to push and located right where you hold the thing , so I 'm constantly turning the dryer off when I 'm using it ... . annoying . I guess I should n't complain too much about a product that did n't cost much .
 Received on time . The product works as advertised . I do n't see the need for the diffuser . The manufacturer should remove it and lower the price . Thanks .
 This dryer got better reviews and was less expensive than the one my stylist recommended so I bought it . I like it a lot except for the placement of the on/off switch on the handle . My only complaint is that it 's easy to turn it off accidentally while using it .
 Ive had this hairdryer for 6 months now , it dries my hair good and hasnt broke . I dont use the attachments cuz i didnt know what they were for -LRB- :
 I was in desperate need of a new hair dryer , but I did n't want to pay a lot for one . I read some reviews , and I was happy to find that the recommended hair dryer was offered at Amazon for under $ 20 . As other reviewers stated , the buttons can interfere with its use , because they are placed where you have to hold the dryer . I can deal with it , though , and my hair dries quickly . I do n't burn myself because of the lower heat function , which is nice . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I 'm happy if she is happy . She has long thick hair , and she feels this drier works well and quickly . I ca n't comment on how durable it is , but hopefully it will last a few years .
 this is a great blow dryer . i would have given it 5 stars if there were a med . speed setting .
 This hair dryer is perfectly fine for regular use . Fairly quiet , dries quickly , and I can definitely notice my hair is shinier than when I used my previous dryer . The only negative is that the way I hold the dryer , I accidentally push a button almost every time I dry my hair . Overall , I 'm happy with it .
 I was surprised how lightweight this really is . It also dries my hair very quickly without the intenseheat of other driers I have owned . Highly recommend this item and the price is right !
 My wife wanted a hair dryer like the one used by her hair dresser . It was light , powerful , and dried her hair really fast . Not sure what brand it was , but I cringed at paying several hundred dollars for a blower . Saw the rave reviews on this Revlon model . Decided to take a chance and save some bucks . Bottom line , my wife is thrilled . She ca n't believe how good this thing is . Thank you Revlon ! And thank you Amazon for the great deal !
 I bought this hairdryer for my daughter and paid $ 16.99 . I noticed that the price is higher now . But if you wait patiently and check back periodically , the price may come down again . This hairdryer is very light weighted and it dries hair very fast . My daughter just loves it . I would recommend it very much .
 I bought this blow dryer after doing some online research and finding this website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , which rated this as the best value . I 'm very happy with it . I like that it 's lightweight and can get very hot . I 've always used cheap $ 10 / $ 15 blow dryers before and they just do n't dry your hair as fast or style it as well . I have EXTREMELY thick hair and this blow dryer works quickly and leaves my hear looking sleek .
 This is a very good , lightweight dryer . I have long hair and it takes very little time and effort to dry my hair . Even my 6 year old daughter can handle the dryer very well to dry her own hair .
 I am very happy with this hair dryer . It works well on my hair as well as the dog 's .
 I moved to the US so bought this to replace my T3 hairdryer that I left in the uk . So far I am very pleased with the hairdryer it is very light and dries my hair quickly . I am no expert but my T3 did not seem to produce noticably better results and was certainly not worth at least 5 times the cost if not more . As long as the hairdryer lasts at least a couple of years I will be very happy with my purchase .
 Very light weight . Love the settings . Diffuser works great . Best blow dryer I have ever used .
 Just what my wife wanted . It saves her half the time that it use to take with her previous hair dryer . My purchase was based on a previous review and he was right .
 This hairdryer drys really well . It has plenty of power to dry hair . It comes with a diffuser which is a bonus at this price point . The only con was that the buttons could be on the side .
 I bought this as a small gift for my wife . It is more quiet than most , and has the ` right ' heat settings which can often be too hot .
 Needed a dryer that was quiet and works fast . I totally love this one and its attachments . Does everything I need it to and more !
 I never thought that just a hair dryer could make such a difference until I tried this one ! I have been looking around for a good ionic dryer to speed up my styling time and provide better results -LRB- less frizz , shiny , more body -RRB- ... . almost purchased a $ 200 hair dryer until I came across the reviews for this Revlon . Had it shipped next day air because I was so anxious to try it . Let me tell you , the reviews definitely prevailed on this one ! Hands down the best blow out I have ever had in my entire life , including salon visits ! Usually takes me about 45 minutes to blow dry and style my short bob haircut , with this little gem it took 15 minutes !! I did n't even need to use my straightener to smooth out the ends . Super lightweight too ! Ca n't beat the quality and price . Seriously best purchase I have ever made on Amazon !
 The hair dryer works for me . Dryer my hair to perfection . The airflow is to my liking and the two heat setting are good for drying and finishing . I did n't think it was too loud and family members and guests sleeping while I dry my hair have n't complained . I would recommend this product .
 Bought this for my sister for Christmas . She enjoys it a lot . I guess I made a great pick for her secret santa . If she is pleased , then I am pleased .
 This hair dryer is extremely lightweight compared to the dryer I had before . It dries hair fast and I really like it .
 great product , does what its supposed to , feel it is a good buy and good price . Has options for cool , warm and hot air and defusser , which is why I went with this dryer Also has high and low button , nice ! Buy this one , well made and you will love it !
 My husband got me this dryer for christmas and I am overall really satisfied . It dries my hair in half the time of my old dryer . I have less fly aways and my hair seems less dry and damaged . It is also relatively light and easy to handle.The only reason it does n't get the full 5 Stars is because it tends to suck in my hair quite often . Did n't have that happen with my old dryer .
 I bought this for my wife who absolutely loved this product . The volumizing finger diffuser attachment removes tangles in the hair while drying it . The concentrator works amazingly well on the scalp . The drying happens very quickly !
 I love this hair dryer !!! It is super lightweight !! The best ive ever had !! Best diffuser also ! Would highly recommend !!! : -RRB-
 I bought this hairdryer because the product info said it was very light . Well it really is light and it works great . It is a great hairdryer for the price .
 I searched and searched for a good hair dryer . I did not want to spend a fortune on it , yet after reading reviews , decided I did want the tourmaline ionizer.Found this one , bought it , and love it . Lightweight , yet it does the job beautifully , and I ca n't imagine how the $ 100 + dryers could do it better . Comes with a diffuser and concentrator , both included at the base price . A rare find , and a gem !
 This thing is awesome . It really does dry your hair faster if you have really thick hair that takes forever to dry .
 Dry my hair in less time and not heavy at all . The best hair dryer I has found . Hope revlon keep it in the market forever .
 Where has this been all my life ? It dries my hair in half the time that it took my last hairdryer to do it . Looks great and is superlight in my hand .
 I bought this a month ago , and I love that it is relatively quiet and dries my hair quickly -LRB- shoulder length , thick hair - usually about 20minutes or so -RRB- . I usually use it on the warm and low setting -LRB- high if I need my hair to dry more quickly -RRB- and it does n't feel too hot at all . I think it is a great deal , it 's relatively inexpensive -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- and fulfills its main function .
 first time , I worried about wind power . . but it is great windy warmy dryer ... it has n't cool button , only warm and hot button , , , but that 's okidoi ... a big circle stuff helps to dry hair fast
 Bought to replace similar model that broke . Works great and good value . Would buy again . I recommend this hair dryer .
 Not as quiet as I 'd hoped , but still lots quieter than the last beast I had . Wish the &#34; COOL &#34; button could be kept on vs. held down .
 Without much hair drier experience , this drier does the job , cheaply , without much fuss . Buttons are accidentally hit , on occasion , as the only real downmark .
 I have a lot of hair , it dries it very quickly . Leaves it shinny and smooth . This is the second time I purchased this product , owned a previous version for 10 years . Definitely worth it .
 Excellent product for the price ! Fast drying , not too heavy , love the attachments for my curly hair . Try it now .
 You get what you pay for . However , I am quite pleased with this hair dryer . Another reviewer mentioned that the on/off switch is a bit misplaced ... and it is . But you soon get used to it .
 I liked everything except the diffuser attachment . It made a total mess of my hair . I like the concentrator , though , and the cool shot feature to cool down the style .
 I love this hair dryer ! It 's light , and a great hair dryer . Before this hair dryer I was using the Chi hair dryer that is about $ 100 . Well , this hair dryer is lighter and just as good as the Chi . I can not stand using a `` regular '' hair dryer . I like using the ionic ceramic kind . Works better for my thick wavy hair . I use it daily and it 's wonderful !
 I do like this hair dryer specially since I have curly hair and I like it straight . This product really does what it said . Ionic dryer help make curly hair smooth and straight , It leaves the hair very smooth and soft . Great product for an amazing price .
 this works great for a blow dryer and was cheap . people think i spent tons of money on it and it looks really cool with all the attachments .
 After seeing that this dyer had 500 + positive reviews and it was so affordable , I decided to buy it without hesitation . I am not disappointed at ALL ! I have natural curly hair so I needed a dryer that did not fry my hair , this was exactly what I was looking for , is light , can get very hot and it dries my hair extremely fast !
 The low heat setting and cleanable filter make this product particularly remarkable . These features are uncommon for currently available hair dryer .
 I have very very long blonde thick hair so i always would buy expensive blow dryers thinking that they had to be the best bc they cost so much but i just got sick of them not working . My friend had this same Revlon Dryer i tried it and loved it worked so great i got one of my own . It has multiple settings for when you dry yr hair but does n't damage it and best of all its light weight .
 This hairdryer was a steal for twenty bucks !! I definitely feel like I 'm using a dryer worth a lot more . My * thick * , wavy hair dries much faster now than with previously owned dryers . All the settings work as expected , including the cool setting -LRB- a first for me - they seem to usually just be decoration with no real function . -RRB- I would purchase this again in a heartbeat .
 20 bucks and a great rating from 400 + ppl . What else is there to say ? My old hairdryer cracked after years of use so I hopped onto Amazon and immediately bought this hairdryer after some quick comparisons . It 's lightweight and dries my hair so quickly due to the tourmaline ionic tech . I only wish my old hairdryer broke sooner ! It comes with 2 attachments , the finger diffuser and concentrator . It was a bit hard for me to put the concentrator attachment onto the dryer so I have n't messed with it to switch to the diffuser . -LRB- For some reason , it took more strength than I thought it would need to attach , it is a very tight fit . and no , i am not a weak woman -RRB- . Anyway , it dried my hair fast and left it very smooth and sleek . I alternate between hot and warm because sometimes the hot air is a bit too hot on my scalp . Also love the cold air button to set your hair . Easy to use , easy to lift and maneuver . My mom loves it as well , so much that she took it ! It looks like I 'm going to have to buy another one ! = -RRB-
 I have long curly hair that tends to frizz out when blow drying , with this dryer it takes only 3 minutes and my curls are soft and frizz free ! Why spend more on another type when you can get the same results with this model ?
 My wife Christine has had one of two problems
 This dryer is quieter than most . I really like the attachment that allows you to concentrate the air just where you want it , as it allows for better styling . It 's got just enough power , and it pretty lightweight too .
 This hairdryer is powerful and lightweight and does a good job drying my usually frizzy hair and making it relatively smooth . The only drawbacks are the noise -LRB- I bought it thinking it would be quieter than my old dryer -- not so , but about average for hair dryers -RRB- , and the placement of the buttons -LRB- I keep hitting them by accident , but it 's nothing I ca n't get used to -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend this dryer , especially if you do n't want to spend the money on a T3 . I like the diffuser attachments that come with it as well . Also , keep in mind that the airflow is POWERFUL , so if you do n't like getting blasted by a stream of air on the high setting , then this is n't for you . It would benefit from a medium setting .
 I purchased this product looking for something to get the job done quick with my waist length hair . I also wanted a dryer that would n't damage my hair . I definately found it here ! I love that this hair dryer is n't too heavy , has a hot , warm and cool setting and is ionic . So I do n't get damage , and it really dries my thick hair fast ! The diffuser is fabulous for when I curl my hair as well . Overall a great product ! I would definately recommend it .
 I go through a lot of hair dryers as I have curly hair that I straighten most often , and my hair is also thick and long . This hair dryer , not only dries my hair but is hot enough to straighen it in record time . Also with the diffuser , I can make my hair dry and curly in a matter of minutes instead of waiting for it to air dry . I recommend this hair dryer to anyone as a definite must have !
 I had read in many places that this was a good ionic hair dryer . It was indeed very light and quieter than other 1875 watt dryers I 've used before . I found the high/low heat settings to match exactly what I had expected . The high heat was hot enough to dry my hair quickly but not so hot that I felt like my hair was about to fry . The strength of the fan was good as well . I felt like maybe the high fan could have been a little more , but it might be a psychological thing due to the quieter sounds .
 I just bought the travel size version of this dryer after I dropped my second T3 travel dryer and broke it -LRB- WAY too fragile for the money they cost -RRB- and was very pleasantly surprised . My hair came out better than with my $ 100 T3 dryers ! And this one cost me $ 19 on sale at Target ! My hair came out much smoother , no frizz and shinier . I styled my wavy hair with a bristle round brush like usual but with this dryer it actually gave me nice , large soft waves that stayed that way all day . Very happy with this product .
 Growing up I worked in hair salons and my sister is currently a hairdresser so I 've used many amazing ` Professional ' hair products and styling tools . I 've always believed that ` you get what you pay for ' and spent over $ 60 -LRB- at a hair show -RRB- on a professional hair dryer , the CHI Nano in Pink , thinking it would last forever and would do less damage to my hair . Well , after just 1 year , my CHI has stopped working although , it worked well while it lasted . I began to research online various models including serveral T3 models which are priced above $ 150 . On my last trip to Walgreens I figured I would get a cheap hair dryer to hold me over until I had more money to purchase the one I really wanted . $ 21.00 later , and I have no regrets or intentions of spending $ 150 ! This Revlon dryer has really changed my perception on ` cheap ' blow dryers . I would recommend it to anyone . It is SUPER light , not extremely quiet -LRB- it is 1875 watts ! -RRB- , and drys my thick head of wavy hair in the same , if not less time , than my expensive CHI dryer AND my hair is so soft even after I use my flat iron to tame those random wavy pieces =-RRB- I ca n't say anything but good things about this product . It 's amazing !
 This replaces my old vidal sasson with ionic technology . I must say that I love this hair dryer . It works much better than my old one . I have fine wavy hair that tends to frizz and this really smoothes it out . Even though my hair is fine I have alot of it and this dries my hair very quickly . My hair also feels healthier . Love this dryer and love the price . I thought about getting an expensive CHI but could n't bear to pay the price . I am very happy with this dryer and think I can live without the CHI . I also like the silver color of this dryer .
 This hair dryer reduced the time it took me greatly . However , I do n't find it as quiet as what 's advertised . Mine is still pretty loud . I love to listen to music while showering and getting ready and this drowns out the music . Worth it though since it takes less than 10 minutes to dry my hair .
 I 'm not one of those people that really `` knows '' how to blow dry my hair in the fancy way of salons so all I really need is something that 'll dry my hair . I was searching for an inexpensive tourmaline ionic dryer after my , rather pricey , T3 short circuited :-LRB- . This one definitely does the job without damaging my hair . It 's inexpensive at a mere $ 20 and I ca n't complain . I do wish that the cord retracted or at least came with a velcro strap for streamlined packing when traveling . It is a medium-size dryer . Not at all a travel-size but not overly cumbersome that it would be a stretch to pack it . I also ca n't help wishing it was a bit more powerful , but for $ 20 -LRB- once again -RRB- I ca n't complain . It also comes with different fixtures that I , being the hair simpleton that I am , do not use . Always nice to have the option . The dryer also has warm/hot/cool / low/high settings . Great for basic needs .
 I have had this dryer for several weeks now and I love it . It does n't blow too hot or too cool . It 's perfect . It 's lightweight , quieter than most and just pleasurable to use . I am surprised it is so inexpensive ... . I love it !
 I bought this hair dryer about 5 years ago and use it every morning along with my sister . It still works like its brand new and we 've never had a problem with it . The temperature settings let you choose hot , warm , or cold which is nice and the dryer itself is n't very loud . I just recently bought another one of these because I am moving out to my own place in a month , and I must say this dryer is wonderful !
 does what it has to do - one can change btn . hot and warm and cold . No unneccessary funcions , easy to handle and it 's pretty light so nice to hold . May not be the fastest hair dryer I 've seen , but it does its job pretty well so I am happy with it .
 I was hesitate about purchasing this dryer because I have used a CHI for 10 years , until it quit . I am not financially able to spend that kind of money right now so I bought this one for the time being , until I can get another CHI , but after using the Revlon I have no intention to replace it . It does the job just as well as my old CHI , if not better . I love this blow dryer !!!!
 Being the electricity conscious consumer , I was shopping for a blow-dryer that would dry well - quickly and without being too damaging to hair . Found this one to fill the bill exactly.As a guy , I just use the low settings and it quickly gets the job done in like 1 minute vs 4 or 5 minutes compared to my old blow-dryer . Although this unit has higher wattage , its extreme effectiveness shortens the usage time drastically so you end up using actually less electricity overall ! My fiance used to spend over 15 minutes with my old blowdyer and now she spends just 3 minutes , and she has hair all the way down her back . Do the math and you will see how much this unit saves you in time and money!Best of all , our hair-strands never feel frizzled after using this unit . Could be the ionic feature . I just hope I 'm not absorbing much radiation from this ! : P
 I really like this hair dryer . It 's affordable and works great ! I have long , very thick , semi-straight hair and this is able to dry my hair in about 3 minutes . I debated purchasing a more expensive model for the guarantee of better quality -LRB- of course that 's not always the case -RRB- , but from my research , this model is just as high-powered and well-reviewed as the more expensive brands . I find that for straight hair , you can save on the dryer but splurge on a good-quality straightener . Likewise you should save on the shampoo -LRB- it 's all basically the same ingredients -RRB- but splurge on a good conditioner . I 've found that this makes all the difference for getting smooth , straight hair .
 I blow dry my hair just about every other day and I hadnt purchased a new hair dryer in about 7 years -LRB- even though I used it all the time , I can not think of the brand - I tossed it and now just can not remember -RRB- . I bought this because I was looking for a hair dryer with a diffuser and high temperature settings , I have very long hair and was just thinking about cutting drying time.I love the attachments , The dryer gets really hot and I can get my hair dry in about 5-8 minutes , rather than the 15 it was taking me before . Great quality dryer , especially for the price.Looks nice as well.I am very happy with my new hair dryer !
 I purchased this for my wife as her old hair dryer had given up the ghost . She did the research and told me which one she wanted . This new one -LRB- in her words -RRB- `` does a good job and is quieter '' than her old one . She is pleased with it.By the way , we purchased this through our local PBS station website so a portion of the purchase amount gets donated to our favorite radio station at no additional cost to us . Thanks Amazon for supporting Public Radio !
 it shipped fast , and was as promised . i love that it 's lightweight and can dry my thick , curly , long hair in about 10 mins -LRB- which is about 20 mins faster than my last blow dryer -RRB- without causing frizzies -LRB- when using the diffuser , which was included , along with a concentrator -RRB- or my arms needing a break . the only time i 've had my hair dried faster was at Gene Juarez with what i 'm assuming is much more expensive equipment . for under $ 30 i can live with the toggle buttons where they are . i turned it off once by accident , and just repositioned my hand after that and it was not an issue .
 This is the same model I bought last time . The old one last for years . I expect this one will last too . Its hot is hot enough ; its high gives strong blow . For the price I pay , I wo n't ask for more .
 I bought this to replace my old hair dryer which was supposed to be a `` quiet '' one but it was the loudest dryer I have ever owned . This dryer is much quieter and light , works great !
 Based on the reviews , I purchased this hair dryer to replace some model of an ionizer Conair which just stopped working after a number of years.I love the ergonomics -- so comfortable to hold and lightweight . I have short hair . . and wet it and blow it dry every morning . It is very easy to style with and the different heats are well modulated ... so the warm works well.Thanks to the other reviewers for helping me find this dryer .
 I like the dryer , I only gave it four stars because , I do n't like where the buttons are and its a little loud , so I have to use our other bathroom most days to do my hair , because I dont want it to wake my baby !
 This is honestly the fastest dryer I have ever used on my hair . It cuts my drying time in half ! The price is right also !
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she did n't seem completely thrilled when she opened it . I think she was hoping for something that was the ` big bucks ' item that you see advertised . I asked her to try it and if it did n't meet her expectations than I would send it back and get something better . Well it was just perfect for her and it has most of the bells and whistles that she wanted . Very lightweight , gentle airflow , quiet , tourmaline ionic and lots of power . Do n't buy the big expensive dryer until you try this one !
 For the money , you can not find a better hair dryer . Hot and warm heat settings and high and low dryer speeds are perfect for my hair .
 I 've had this hair dryer for 5 years and it still works perfectly . Best hair dryer on the market hands down and the price is unbeatable . Also its great that its super lightweight ; I do n't get tired spending an hour blow drying my hair . Its been with me for five years already and it has traveled a lot but it still works as if I just bought it and it heats up very well . Definitely recommend !
 I bought the Revlon RV/544 in April 2011 for less than $ 20 . I went through three Bespoke Labs T3 dryers for tons of money -LRB- one was replaced at minimal cost by Bespoke -RRB- , and decided to try inexpensive dryers . The Revlon RV/544 and the Andis RC-2 with retractable cord -LRB- need travel dryer a couple times a week -RRB- had very good reviews so I bought both . They are both great dryers ! I have mid-length , very curly , color treated hair that I style smooth and then finish with a flat iron so power that wo n't fry my hair or make my hair frizzy is important to me . Also , I am petite and holding a heavy dryer with my arms up is not easy , and both dryers are very lightweight -LRB- years ago I was using wonderful , older technology Elchim and Supersolano hair blowers that I just ca n't hold up anymore -RRB- . The Revlon purchased in April 2011 just broke and I just bought another one . I was tempted to buy another Andis now instead , but I think I 'll wait until it breaks before getting another . It 's just not worth spending between $ 200 and $ 300 for a hair blower that does n't do the job any better or last longer than the Revlon . Kudos to Revlon for a great product !
 This blowdryer has the best diffuser attachment I 've ever purchased . It really diffuses so all you get is heat , no blowing around of the hair , so the curls keep their shape better . Also , for some reason it 's hotter than my old 1875 watt dryer , so my hair dries more quickly . Unlike other reviewers , I have the same amount of frizz as I did with my old dryer -- the ion part just does n't do anything for me . But the curls are better shaped because the diffuser prevents them from being blown around . The one negative is that the on-off switch is on the handle right where you hold the blowdryer , so it pokes your hand and you end up occasionally turning it off by accident . To avoid this you can hold it lower down on the handle but that 's awkward . Nonetheless , I would completely recommend this dryer , especially if you have curly hair .
 I purchased this dryer mainly for the diffuser , but got so much more . It 's dries quickly and it 's super light , although with the diffuser it 's not exactly &#34; travel friendly &#34; but you adapt because it 's so effective . Highly recommend !
 Just like my title says , I love , love , love this hairdryer . I have had one before , this is my second . The first one I had seemed to have a wiring issue in the end . Towards the end of it 's &#34; life &#34; whenever I would move the hairdryer , it would somehow stop working and then go back on . Seemed a bit dangerous so I threw it out and ordered another one . The first one lasted a year and a half . But , being that I spent only twenty bucks on the first one and now only sixteen bucks on the second , the price is hard to beat.What I love about this hairdryer is that when it dries it seems to separate the locks of hair making my layers look shiny and pretty . Yes , I said SHINY with pretty layers . While I was waiting for the second hair dryer , I used an old one I had and the old one took a very long time to dry my hair and my hair looked like a rats nest and very dry when I was done.For sixteen bucks you will definately see a difference in your hair .
 I do n't feel too much difference between this dryer and others , but I do n't feel anything bad with it . It is a little heavey , but acceptable . I give 4 stars .
 This blow dryer dries my hair faster than any dryer I 've ever had . I would definately recommend it .
 If you have long , thick hair , this dryer is a must ! The high speed setting throws out a ton of super hot air cutting drying time in half . The low speed setting is great for styling . I have never dried my hair in a more efficient way . It is also lightweight and rather quiet . A very useful tool for the busy woman on the run . Thanks Revlon !
 My wife and I use this dryer daily with great results . It 's powerful yet lightweight and comfortable to hold . I highly recommend this dryer .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this hair dryer . Its very light and it drys my hair in like 5 min . I bought a $ 300.00 ion dryer and i have to say I like this Revlon dryer better . I read the reviews and i decided to try it . I have to admit , maybe because i read so many reviews that stated that they keep shutting the dryer off because of the location of the on and off button , but i hav n't done that once . has n't been a problem for me at all . i am going to purchase a couple more .
 I BOUGHT THIS DRYER AFTER READING THE REVIEWS , AND WAS A LITTLE SKEPTICAL . BUT IT WORKS LIKE IT SAYS . . IT DRIES HAIR SUPER FAST , I HAVE LONG THICK HAIR AND I CAN DRY MY WHOLE HEAD IN 15 MINUTES ... IT 'S A GREAT LIGHTWEIGHT DRYER . THE DIFFUSER IS A LITTLE AWKWARD , BUT I LOVE THIS DRYER ...
 My daughter bought this dryer and the first time I used it , I fell in love with it and ordered one for myself from Amazon . It is so easy to style my hair with it because it does n't blow my hair all over the place . It 's lighter in weight and is much quieter than any other dryer I have had .
 This hairdryer is amazing . My hair is softer & shinier than it has been in years . The hairdryer is easy to use and a great value for the price .
 I have curly hair and this dryer leaves my hair super shiny and straight in less than 15 minutes . With my old dryer it took me 30 minutes to straighten my hair . I also love that this dryer comes with a concentrator and a diffuser . I ca n't believe the price -- what a deal ! This dryer is highly rated in several websites and it was also recommended as a best beauty buy on the Oprah Winfrey show . So , you ca n't go wrong !
 Good dryer . I was looking for something to replace my old ionic dryer , which I loved and which -LRB- sadly -RRB- finally died , and tried out numerous products from different stores and manufacturers . Unfortunately , this one is n't quite as powerful as I wanted -LRB- ionic dryers just do n't seem to compare to regular ones -RRB- , but it 's the best of the five or six that I tried .
 My Braun hairdryer died about a month ago so I looked up reviews on another site for dryers -LRB- hint : MUA -RRB- . This make and model generally received good reviews so I bought one that very afternoon . I ca n't say enough for its power , settings and light weight . I have baby fine , shoulder length hair and I use the warm setting since the hot is too uncomfortable for me . This is a purchase that I am totally satisfied with and gladly recommend to anyone needing a new dryer .
 I have been using the Sharper Image quiet ionic blow dryer for several years . It broke on me several times a year and I had to keep buying new ones . I finally got fed up with the poor quality and decided to try something new.First I ordered the Andis 75335 Quiet Ionic/Ceramic Hair Dryer . It over heated and shut itself off whenever I used it . I do have long hair , but this should n't happen.So , I returned the Andis 75335 Quiet Ionic/Ceramic Hair Dryer and purchased the Revlon RV544 1875 Watt Tourmaline Ionic Lightweight Dryer , Silver/Black . It 's an excellent dryer ! It is lightweight , as advertised . It leaves my hair much softer than the other two dryers and my hair dries in much less time . I sincerely recommend this product !
 I first read about this hair dryer in a magazine at my beauty salon . It was reviewed side by side with two other hair dryers that were well over $ 100 . I figured it ca n't be any worse than other hair dryers that you buy at a drugstore , so I gave it a shot . My shoulder length , color-treated hair is very thick and really retains moisture so it can take forever to dry . This hair dryer has cut my dry time in half . I 've used it all week and I 'm pleased with the results . It is very lightweight and came with both the diffuser and a concentrator attachment which is nice . My only complaint it is very loud . Whoever said it is quiet must have had a hair dryer with a jet engine on it before owning this one .
 I ordered this one instead of the several hundred dollar alternative . As far as I can tell , my hair dries faster and is less damaged since I began using this product . I 've never used a more expensive tourmaline dryer and at this point do n't feel a need to do so .
 I must admit , I was n't expecting the response that I received from my wife . After seeing that she was constantly complaining that she need a better hairdryer , I set out to research and try to find her the best one . After careful research , I settled on this one . I will never forget her reaction after her first time using it . The most notable claim obviously was how fast it dried her hair . Easily a quarter of the time it usually takes her and also how lightweight it was . She herself proclaimed that next to diamonds , this was probably the best gift she had ever received . I highly recommend this hairdryer for anyone who is looking to drastically cut their hairdrying time .
 This is a good , powerful dryer . I got this based on a consumer 's watch report on a local TV news program ... basically , this unit performed better than the other two units it was up against , and the other two were professional hair dryers used by salons costing $ 2oo and $ 350 . The unit is noisy when used on high setting , which I kind of expected because the amount of air it blows out , but it sure dries my family 's hair a lot quicker than before .
 Well have only used it once but it is good I guess . Item arrived rather fast . I bought it along with a conair hair styler . Works fine
 Revlon RV544 1875 Watt Tourmaline Ionic Lightweight Dryer , Silver/BlackThe reviews here convinced me to try this dryer . I was sold on the Ionic capability after my first very expensive dryer from another company . Was n't too familiar with Tourmaline or what it did , but I noticed everyone had it now , so why not ... So to add on to the other reviews - I have VERY long -LRB- thigh length -RRB- hair . The hair itself is fine , but there 's alot of it , so it takes a long time to dry , and I blow dry every day . My first purchases were duds . Too heavy , too long to dry , too hot ... I felt like I could n't get it right.For the small price of this dryer , I figured I 'd try it . Indeed , it 's well constructed , very light to hold , and comes with the big diffuser attachment you see in the pic , and a smaller mouth attachment for focused drying . I almost want to buy a second one and hide it away for when this one eventually blows up , so I do n't have to search for a perfect replacement like this again ! I tried several different brands and price ranges before I bought this , and I have to say price is the only difference . It 's a tad loud on the highest level , but all of the dryers were , so I could n't take off a star for that!Just be careful to buy the RV544 . There are MANY different Revlon dryers out there , and they are ALL DIFFERENT ! I tried a few ! This is the one you want .
 A brand name in Hair Dryer ... great uniform heating , useful accessories , at such a low price ... dries wet hair in max 2-3 mins ... what else do you need !!!
 I 've been using a Vidal Sassoon travel hair dryer for years and it was time to replace it . I started looking at more expensive brands and was about to pay $ 139 on a light weight Sedu . I asked my hairdresser for recommendations and she actually told me to save my money and buy a drug store brand . After reading all of the reviews on Amazon , I settled on the Revlon RV544 . It 's bigger than my travel hair dryer but it 's about the same weight and it 's a lot more powerful . I 've only used it a few times but I like it . Unlike some reviewers , I do n't find the buttons poorly placed and I think the cord is a good length . Bottom line , you ca n't beat the Revlon RV544 for the price.UPDATE
 This is a great hair dryer . It got my hair dry in half the time as my old dryer . Also is lighter to hold . Got one for my daughter who has shoulder length hair . She said she would n't part with this dryer .
 I have n't bought a new hairdryer in several years and was very happy with my purchase . I found it to be lightweight and it left my hair with a very nice feel to it . Not dry or frizzy .
 A great hair dryer . Does exactly what it is supposed to do . Has lots of additional attachments which I have not used so far . But the basic dryer itself is really good . The high setting is what I generally us and I find it quite sufficient.Just a small complain
 This is my second one . The first was so solid that my gf took it for herself !! My Tourmaline Ionic never let me down while other dryers burned out .
 This hair drier is great for teasing hair and getting a bolder effect rather than just smooth and flat . If this dryer lasts a long long time , and keeps doing what it is supposed to do , I would say it is almost perfect . I just wish it was a bit smaller since I found it in a ` travel dryer ' search.I got this dryer this week and used it a few times . It is not so noisy as others have said . Sounds more like a blender on low . The rocker controls are in exactly the right place for me because you can finish with a shot of cool air without taking the dryer away from your hair . It dries faster than my expensive ionic dryer and my hair looks and feels different , too ... softer , shinier and styled the way I like it .
 I searched and did ALOT of research before I purchased this hair dryer . There were so many high quality brands at very low prices , but this one stood out . Some of the other brands actually had reviews that said the other dryers `` caught on fire '' . I was nervous about purchasing anything . However , I finally purchased this one , and so far , very good . Dries very fast , not heavy and my hair feels sooo smooth whenever I am done drying . Only been a month , but I am very happy with my purchase ,
 This hairdryer is not too loud and is very light . It used to take my 20 minutes to dry my long thick hair and this has cut that time in half . In addition , the dryer does not crisp up my hair or make it frizzy . I like both attachments as well ; one gives my hair volume and quickly dries the roots and the other helps keep my wavy hair straight by blowdrying in sections . Good product for the price .
 I bought this dryer based on the great reviews it got and it lived up to it 's expectations . My hair dries quickly with this dryer and it feels soft and shiny after use , not dry or damaged . The dryer is a standard sized dryer . It 's also pretty powerful . The only issues
 I really like this hair dryer . It 's a great deal . I like how light weight it is and how quickly it dries .
 This is the best hairdryer at this price!It 's bigger than I expected from the picture , which is good.Totally worth buying ! I love it .
 I am in love with this hairdryer . It is fast , effective , and leaves my hair feeling super soft . I especially appreciate how quickly it dries my hair , as I have very long hair and it usually takes a while . Definitely recommend this !
 the wind is strong and hot when you turn it on , of course it can be switched to low/warm wind . I like it .
 I purchased this hair dryer as a gift for my daughter who has very long , thick hair . She wanted a powerful dryer that would cut down on time spent fixing her hair . She liked it very much .
 I looked on Consumer Reports before purchasing this hair dryer . It was n't the top rated one - but it was in the top seven . I am so glad I purchased it !! It works GREAT and I love that it has the different settings ! GREAT HAIR DRYER !!!!
 I love this blow dryer !! With the multiple settings , you can dry your hair like you 're in the salon . It does n't dry your hair until it 's brittle feeling . Great dryer and the delivery was very timely .
 I have shoulder length , naturally wavy , fine hair -LRB- but I have a ton of it -RRB- , and this dryer -LRB- with diffuser attachment -RRB- manages my waves without blasting them all over the place . The hot setting works perfectly without scorching my hair or scalp . I highly recommend this product !
 I had my old blow dryer for 16 years ... This was such a welcome change !!! My favorite part is that it has a cool , warm and hot setting . The hot on my old dryer was always too much for my daughter but she did n't like the cool setting . This is perfect for her on the warm setting . Great purchase !
 This product is a great value for the price . It has a sleek design . Comes with both attachments . VERY lightweight ! The only issue I have with it are the placement of the buttons . I have , like some other reviewers , accidentally turned the dryer off while in use because of the button location . It 's not that big a deal but a simple flaw that could be fixed in the next model . I do n't believe that it 's any quieter than my last hairdryer but it does cut down the drying time and leaves my hair a bit shinier than the last one as well .
 Seems to be great so far , I have used this hair dryer 3 times and it makes my hair so smooth . I didnt even have to straighten it ! It also cut my drying time in half . So far for the price I ca n't complain , very happy !
 I LOVE this oil ! So does my 9 year old daughter ! Leaves your skin feeling silky and smooth ! The price I purchased it at was PHENOMENAL !! Recommend the product !
 This is by far the best soap I 've ever used . The scent is appropriate for a man , the bar is quite large and thus lasts quite long and finally it is incredibly gentle on skin .
 I love this soap ! The bars are really big and last a long time . The suds are very thick and creamy . The scent is wonderful . It 's slightly on the masculine side so my husband likes it as much as I do , and it makes my skin feel nice and soft .
 I first tried this soap on a whim several years ago . It smells divine and the suds are silky and soft . The bars are larger than you might expect so that those with small hands might have some trouble hanging onto it in the shower.Be warned
 The only complaint I have about it , which I find to be true of most Vidal Sassoon products , is that it stops working after about a year . But it comes with a warranty so you can take full advantage of that . It 's a great straightener though . I have thick , semi-coarse hair and it actually works well , which is n't true of all straighteners . It 's a fair price , considering most decent straighteners cost more than $ 100 . I like the size of it also , 1.5 seems to be perfect . I find anything bigger than that to be clunky and difficult to work with and anything smaller than that to be a bit of a hassle with all of my hair .
 Great product . This is one of the few hair -LRB- gel -RRB- products out there that I 've found to :1 -RRB- keep it 's hold for the entire day , AND2 -RRB- NOT flake when it dries , AND2 -RRB- NOT damange your hair -LRB- ie
 Here 's another one of those lower-priced products that promises so much , and probably delivers nothing , right ? Wrong ! This shampoo and conditioner from Pantene really works!First of all , let 's start with what it 's not . It 's not a dying shampoo which will make your hair brown , or even a different shade of brown . Quite to the contrary , Brunette Expressions has no color enhancing ingredients whatsoever.Instead , Brunette Expressions is an excellent shampoo and conditioner that somehow works with your hair 's color to not change it -LRB- as the daily use of some products will ! -RRB- , but to actually make it look more rich . I love the way that Brunette Expressions makes my hair so soft and lustrous , and so very manageable . This is a great product , one that I highly recommend to all my fellow brunettes ! -LRB- Review of Pantene Pro-V Brunette Expressions Daily Color Enhancing Conditioner for Darker Brunette Shades , Nutmeg to Dark Chocolate -RRB-
 I color my hair many years , and used many different types of color products . The Clairol balsam is the best , not harm the skin of head and got good bright blond color . Recommend it to everyone .
 This fragrance lives up to its name ... you literally feel like an Angel when you wear it . It is fresh , clean , and light . Experience what it must be like to be an Angel here on earth . People stop me on the street to ask what fragrance I 'm wearing . It is truly one of my favorites , and the option to get your bottles refilled is a great savings . Step out on faith and try this one ... you 'll love it .
 I 've been looking for a perfume with a light , sexy fragrance . I found it !!!! This perfume is exactly what I 've been looking for !!
 This is my favorite , it 's the only fragrant I but for myself . I was glad to get it at a lower price
 I love this brand ! And this lotion is a big compliment to Angel Perfume . It must have if you like and use Angel perfume .
 This purchase was quickly and safely shipped and arrived in great shape . The lotion is fresh -LRB- unlike some I have received -RRB- and I highly recommend this seller . Thanks for your prompt shipping and attention to detail .
 Je suis tr&egrave;s satisfaite de cette cr&egrave;me . La senteur me plait beaucoup . Je la recommande .
 My sister loves `` Angel '' products . They are very hard to find in my area , and I found them much to my surprise at Amazon.com . And the price was about $ 20.00 lower than the better stores . My sister was so happy to have this . I love the fragrance too . Very light and sensual . I highly recommend this product .
 This is not cheezy lotion like some of the stuff out there . Elizabeth Taylor 's perfumed skin lotion are pretty week and do not bolster the scent of the perfume at all-your better off not buying the skin lotions at all . This however is EXCEPTIONAL !!! It is on the expensive side and so is the perfume but a little goes a long long way ! I recommend this to anyone who does have the perfume , it will bolster your perfume and last for hours and hours .
 This is the best smelling lotion on or off the planet ... no wonder it is called Celestial ! I actually use the lotion versus the perfume because it lasts so much longer . I have people stop me all the time asking me what I am wearing . You do n't need to use much either . A quarter size amount over your neck and arms lasts the entire day and evening . It is a clean fresh smell , but the vanilla adds warmth . It is pure heaven !
 So dissapointed -- Did NOT receive product displayed . Received a different Thierry Product in its place , which has since been returned . I am in love with the original angel product . This scent is quite addictive and truly one of a kind . Now , if I could just recieve what I ordered -- I would be so happy !
 came as fast as lightning , in original box and smells delicious ... i will certainly buy it again !! It is my favorite fragance
 This lotion will make you smell fresh and sensual all day . A must have for any mature woman !
 Was told about this lotion by a friend and decided to go for it ... do n't even need the perfume when you put this on , very lovely .
 This is my signature perfume . People stop me and ask me what I am wearing when I sparay this on and the body lotion just adds to ensemble .
 I have tried a lot of under eye creams/gels . I really think this makes a difference . Of course , nothing is a permanent fix unless it is surgery , but I have to say , this is the best so far .
 Thank you for sending a second product after I complained about the first . Well done.Sandra McCormick
 Love products that do good things for me when I sleep , so this Eye Gel from Ole Henriksen is at the top of my `` What 's Best When I Rest '' list!Only a tiny amount is needed for application under the eyes and moving toward the temple . It 's a smooth , refreshing gel , ice blue in color but transparent when applied . Fragrance free the Gel does n't do aroma battle with night time skin treatments.Additions of cucumber and calendula erase under eye puffiness while also discouraging laugh lines -LRB- aka wrinkles ! -RRB- . My 1 oz . jar is a month old and it does n't even look used . Another plus for this product is the expiration date of 2010 - it came fresh and stays fresh . - Gail Cooke
 Love products that do good things for me when I sleep , so this Eye Gel from Ole Henriksen is at the top of my `` What 's Best When I Rest '' list!Only a tiny amount is needed for application under the eyes and moving toward the temple . It 's a smooth , refreshing gel , ice blue in color but transparent when applied . Fragrance free the Gel does n't do aroma battle with night time skin treatments.Additions of cucumber and calendula erase under eye puffiness while also discouraging laugh lines -LRB- aka wrinkles ! -RRB- . My 1 oz . jar is a month old and it does n't even look used . Another plus for this product is the expiration date of 2010 - it came fresh and stays fresh . - Gail Cooke
 I just love this stuff soooo much ! It just feels good instantly and no matter what it never irritates my eyes !
 This product does exactly what is says it will . You have to use it every night for about 2-4 weeks for effects . Funny I thought it was not working but then I looked closer at pictures of me 2 mos ago and I had a lot more significant wrinkles around my eyes then . This is great . No stickiness . Read teh directions and follow ... KEEP IT ON the next day and then apply MORE of any day creme as directions say for it to work right .
 I recently went natural and was searching for a good moisture retaining product . I waited for a month for my stylist to get this product for me . I searched online and found it at Amazon . Even with shipping , the cost was the same . I really like this product because it really holds in my moisture and lasts all day . . Others I tried , I had to reapply later in the day . There is value , satisfaction , and ease to purchase . I changed my rating from 4 to 5 .
 This is the only product which seems to work for my thick curly natural hair . I have tried other products however , but they tend to dry out my hair . I can wash my hair than comb this stuff through and let it air dry . Once its dry I just put a little in each day to keep it moist .
 I 've tried many products on my big naturally curly hair but this is the only one that weighs my hair down and keeps the frizz away . I 've been able to grow my hair long because this product tames the frizz and allows the my waves to come through with out being greasy or look like I have gel in my hair .
 love it . . it was just what i want it . the pic was as it look . i will be ordering again . .
 Works wonders . The San Francisco humidity is defeated by this product.I recommend it for people with a lot of hair .
 It was a good conditioner . It serves the purpose , it only takes a small amount , , a little greasy though . at times
 Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser is really good ! I am using everyday , I can recommend this item to my friends . But the problem is packaging was bad .
 Neutrogena is a great product line and delivers quality always . For products that we use regularly , it 's great to get them routinely delivered and at a great price . this saves us a lot of money and trips to the retail pharmacy .
 foams up nice , does the job of cleaning without drying out my skin and a great price on here
 It cleanse even the most stubborn make up on my face though it does sting my eyes . I would recommend neutrogena eye makeup remover for those of us looking for a gentle yet effective way to remove water proof mascara .
 Este jabon es maravilloso para eliminar el maquillaje , me encanta , es perfecto para lavarse la cara cada noche . Remueve el maquillaje y limpia la piel .
 This is going to last me forever ! You only need a nickel-sized dab to foam up and wash your entire face . It 's going to last me several months !! It 's nice and does n't dry out my face too much , and I LOVE the fact that it 's a face cleanser and takes off all my makeup at the same time - EVEN my eye makeup ! : -RRB-
 I really love this cleanser it is quick & efficient & not drying I bought it first in new York whilst visiting my son I am very sorry it is not sold in the u k , although I bought it at a really good price from amazon . I must say too that it removes make up well .
 I love this cleanser . I use it daily . I completely eliminated any other make-up remover , since this works so well removing make up AND cleaning my skin at the same time . It feels great and is very refreshing .
 I was hesitant to try this because it states it 's a makeup remover , of which I have no need for . But the product seems to work pretty good . The best part about this product is that it rinses off clean . No byproduct is left over . Face feels clean . The only reason I took a star away from this product is for its strong smell . I hold my breath , it kind of stinks that bad . But it 's not bad enough to stop using it . This will be my second bottle of this stuff .
 I love this face wash . I 've been using it for a few years now . It 's effective , removes make up , and does n't over dry my face . It 's not too rough , either .
 This is the best to wash my face , I never had anyone better , unhappily we do n't have it any more at Brasil , bur every time I go to USA I buy a lot!I recomend for everybody
 You can not go wrong with Neutrogena . Works well in the Caribbean ; keeps the skin clean and great to remove makeup.Always a good buy .
 Gave to my grand daughter as a stocking stuffer . She could n't wait to use it . Did n't even have to reminder her . Neutrogena makes the best products .
 This is my favorite face wash ! I love how clean it makes my face feel after I use it . I do n't think I 'll ever get used to any other kind .
 Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser is the perfect , gentle everyday cleanser . There 's nothing spectacular about the formula , however it is affordable , gentle on my normal/dry skin , and effective . How 's that for easy ?
 I love this . I 've been using it for a while . It helped to get rid of my acne and it lasts forever since you only need a tiny amount to clean your whole face .
 I use as a daily wash and it has dried up areas where pimples reoccur . Feels good and smells fresh .
 I have incredibly sensitive skin , and this is one of the few products I can use that does n't cause rashes , breakouts , or other types of skin ailments.The cleanser is a nice gel that foams . A small amount goes a long way . I use it every day and have found no problems with it this far -LRB- going on 2 years of use -RRB- .
 This is one of the best makeup remover/cleansers I have tried . It even removes mascara and heavy eyeliner . Good for dry skin too .
 Neutrogena Fresh foaming cleanser is amazing . It Removes make up easily , even waterproof , and it does n't sting if it gets in your eyes . It also clears you skin of dirt and oil which would have caused blemishes . This is not an acne fighting product it just cleans your skin and removes makeup . Since i started using this my face is noticeably smoother and softer . I love Neutrogena !
 I have used this for years and I love it . I tend to wear a lot of make up for my job and it easily cleans it all off with a few pumps - Plus , it cleans my face at the same time . Truly makes taking makeup off a much easier task !
 This facial cleanser is perfect ! -LRB- Just so you know , I have combination skin and I 'm acne prone . -RRB- It easily takes off my make up and whatever else happened to be trapped on my face ! I feel so clean after I use it .
 I used the product because my skin was in bad shape . I love it , it had brightened my complextion and helped clear up all my skin problmes . My skin feels relaxed and clean with out the tight dry feeling . It also doubles and a makeup remover and it does a great job .
 I really like all Neutrogena skin products and this is no exception . It cleans the skin very well , removes all makeup , but it does dry the skin out abit . Despite this , a great product .
 good price , been using this product for a while . came quickly . please with price more than anything else . _ _
 I must admit , I was a little concerned about this face wash -LRB- it came with the anti-wrinkle kit including the eye cream and day creme -RRB- . I really did n't want the wash because it is n't fragrance free and I was worried it would sting or dry my sensitive skin out.I was pleasantly surprised ! Not only did it NOT even irritate my eyes , I can get it all around my eyes and wherever to get eye make-up off , plus anything else on my face -LRB- powders , cremes , blush , pollution , etc. -RRB- and NO stinging or drying at all.What a great multi-purpose product at an amazingly low price . I had bought the rather expensive Peter Thomas Roth daily cleanser , which was gentle but so $ $ $ and could not be purchased near me conveniently without paying full price . I loved it , but knew it was n't practical.Bottom line ? Found my happy solution in Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser !
 This is the first time I have used this Neutrogena Foaming Cleanser . In the past I have used Shiseido facial cleaning products which are a lot more expensive . So far I have liked Neutrogena 's light fragrance and it does do a great job removing all make up . I do remove my eye make up using the Neutrogena towelettes before I use the foaming cleanser .
 It is very smooth ... I had expected it to foam as you pump based on the name , but you can just lather it up in your hands instead . I think it feels fresh and clean .
 I have been using this product for a couple years and love it ! I have combo/oily skin and some breakouts . I use this every night and it gets all the makeup off and you do n't even have to use a toner afterward . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I 've used this cleanser for several years now and ca n't imagine using anything else . Good price on Amazon : -RRB- The product arrived quickly and as described .
 Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser is smooth on the skin and both cool and refreshing . After using it , my face looks clean and clear . I feel ready to face the world .
 I use this with my Mia , as suggested by others , and it cleans nicely while being gentle on the skin .
 Been using this cleanser one a day for over a month . Works ok - still get breakouts , but nothing really major since using this . Shipping was quick .
 Yes same thing here , used this makeup for years . Cleans the makeup off my face easily , feels great . I would recommend this .
 My daughter uses this everyday . She feels it helps clean her face without causing excessive dryness . She likes this product .
 I 'm trying it for the first time , I like the feeling on my face is fresh and the price is OK
 I was seeking for a new liquid make-up remover since oil make-up removers did more harm on my acne prone skin . I was worried if this will break out my face worse than it already is , but thank goodness it did n't . It was gentle enough to not to sting my eyes either . You would have to wash the face twice to get the make-up completely off . One facial wash wo n't just cut it . Besides , I have always double washed my face anyways , so it was n't a biggie . You need to understand , I 've used other cleansers that still left me with foundation residue after I swabbed cotton balls around my face even after washing several times . That totally overdries your skin . My face is n't dry at all right after I 'm done with the wash too . The price is absolutely resonable . So far so good . This is my new favorite cleanser .
 As I 'm getting older I have been looking for a cleanser that will not dry my face out any more than it already is -LRB- I have some flaking on my face -RRB- . I have tried every cleanser Olay offers and none worked . I used Neutrogena makeup remover wipes so I thought I 'd try the cleanser as well and it worked ! I use this cleanser the alcohol free toner after and Neutrogena moisturizer for combination skin and I have finally found my combo .
 I use a medium to heavy coverage concealer and this product reliably gets it off when other products have failed . My skin is sensitive and breaks out easily and this stuff has always been fine for me . After I use it , my skin feels clean and a touch dry because it seems to wash away your natural oils as well as the gunk . Not a bad thing for some of us . Works great as a stain remover for makeup on clothes as well !
 hey , im 13 and i love neeutrogena . this product is amazing . it smells sort of like bleech , but still its a clean fresh smell , i like it at least . :-RRB- i got this at walmart so i ca n't really say anything about the seller but i love this cleanser . awesome freshness !
 This is the perfect brush to apply Amazing concealer . I have many brushes , but this one is different . It is very pointed/tapered and places a small dot of concealer just where you need it . It is not the kind of brush that blends or distributes product , more for placement .
 This is the best shave soap I have found.I tried many of them too . Glycerine types are OK but I still like this better . I even tried some craft -LRB- home -RRB- made shaving soaps but they didnt stack up to this.I run this soap out of a ship 's mug -LRB- USS Nassau -RRB- with a British made Badger bristle brush and feel that I get an absolutely great shave every morning.Any pine aspects are very mild - just great shave soap .
 This is a top quality soap cake and the lady I bought it from was very nice to do business with .
 It seems crazy to mail order shave soap but it 's a small indulgence . Besides , this soap is really worth it . It foams well , and has a pleasing , clean fragrance . It will spoil you and other soaps will pale in comparisson .
 Lightfoot 's shave soap is a small , mug-able cake scented like their popular athletic soap . It 's long-lasting and makes a sturdy , slick lather -LRB- soap up your wetted brush , then work up lather in your cupped hand -RRB- . The scent is reminiscent of pine without being overpowering or obvious - a clean , classic , soapy scent for your morning shave , subtley lingering into the day . Excellent .
 My husband loves this scent ! He does n't like scents that are overpowering or too perfumey and this is natural and perfect for him !
 I just love the colors in the Africa barrette . The warm brown and gold tones look great with my blonde hair . France Luxe make the best barrettes that I have ever used . They hold my hair securely and never pull or pinch . Quality hair accessory . I bought this on Amazon and it surprised me on how fast it arrived . Great job !
 I lost a barrette like this swimming last winter . I searched all over - stores , the web , amazon , to find it again . after a great deal of hunting i found it ! or something very close . these barrettes are expensive but they are worth it . they last for years and look like new because they are made of extremely good materials -LRB- and well put together -RRB- . i gave it four stars instead of five because of the price .
 Classic is the best way to describe this barrette . I have a lot of hair so it takes some doing to squeeze all my hair into the clip , but once all the hair is tucked and the barrette snapped , the stay lasts . I really like the way the tones of color smoothly blend together .
 For extremely thick hair , but works also for me . Beautiful and great quality . I would recommend France Luxe for anyone .
 It really goes against my grain to spend this kind of money on a barrette , but I wear a ponytail 4 or5 days a week . At fifty-something , the elastic band just does n't cut it . I have long , thick hair . No barrette ever holds all my hair . This one did ! And the best part is that it does n't flatten my pony tail like most barrettes ; it keeps it rounded , therefore keeping all the hair back tightly . Perfect . I 'm buying another .
 My hair is huge and I have never found a barret that actually holds it in place . Now I have . Very nice quality . I want one in every color .
 I have very thick dreadlocks and I can just manage to twist my hair up into a chignon with this clip . Totally worth the money , though if you can find it on sale , even better .
 Most barrettes will not hold all my hair into a ponytail , but this one will.The clasp mechanism is higher quality with stiffer metal than a typical barrette found at a mass retailer.The colors and finish on the decorative part of the barrette are very nice - no chips , scratches or other blemishes .
 This is a beautiful barrette . It holds my thick hair without pulling . These are definitely an investment but worth the price . I 've lost track of how many cheap barrettes I 've broken over the years .
 After struggling with dried out hair from a variety of mousses and gels , I have found this to be the PERFECT holding , and curl defining product that secures the curl , is heavy enough to allow it to drop , no frizz , full day control.This replaces a wide variety of gels , and mousse / conditioner combinations.All that you 'll need is a little shine solution -LRB- which MOP has great ones -RRB- and you are all set for a maintance free curyly mop !!!
 My husband is from Ireland and has a thing about buying cologne in airports ... he loves it ! We could n't find it anywhere so I talked him into buying from Amazon.He 's very happy .
 Smells great and not expensive for the size btl . Wish they still made the old Cerutti from back in the 80s
 Got the perfume as ordered , on time , well packed and it is indeed what I wanted - perfume that I used almost 10 years ago - still the same aroma reminding me my 20th something ; -RRB-
 My husband loves this cologne ! So do I , its a very fresh woodsy scent . Not just for an older crowd , this is n't your grandpa 's cologne ! My husband is 28 and he loved it !!
 This product came at a great price and the description was accurate . It was not a fake ed de toilette which had been my biggest concern . It was exactly as described . An excellent product at an excellent price . Shipping was fast too .
 What Can I say , I had my doubts , but once I got the product I was pleasantly surprised of the honesty . thx
 Hey , they 're washcloths . They do what they are supposed to do , which is clean my body when I take a shower .
 I love these wash cloths ! Like other reviewers have said , they are thin and loosely woven . They have a scrubby texture that makes them easy to soap up and gives a nice exfoliating face wash . They dry quickly and never smell mildew-ey the way plush , expensive wash cloths do . I 've had them for months and even though they are cheap , they have held up just fine in the wash . These are perfect for what I wanted and I use them every day instead of all the others in my linen closet that look nicer but are not at all functional .
 There are 12 washcloths in each pack , so this is a great inexpensive bulk buy option . I bought these so that I could have a fresh washcloth each morning and night to wash my face with - and still only do laundry once a week . They are great for that purpose . They are just a little thicker than the hot washcloths the airlines hand out before meals . The cloths are fairly thin and a few have some strings hanging off the sides , but even with heavy use and frequent washing , none are unraveling . These are n't nice enough for the guest bathroom , of course , but they are perfect for my purposes . I just use once and throw into the laundry , all week long , and can do it again next week . Overall , I 'm pleased . A very inexpensive way to quickly stock the bathroom .
 I ordered these washcloths because they said they were `` thin '' . I hate thick ones and have a difficult time finding any that are thin and made well . I 've used them for a few weeks and they 've been through several laundry washes . They are stitched well and , so far , have n't started fraying on the edges like another set I bought from a different company at the same time . They are a little rough - not super soft and fluffy - but they exfoliate well . My face is sensitive and tends to break out , but since using these washcloths , my breakouts have been fewer .
 This wash cloths like these can be rolled neatly and left in a basket in the bath room so you can have a clean cloth each time you want one without much laundry . They are so easy to use and they exfoliate just the right amount . For a woman with medium or small hands for sure these are great ! I think they would be good for children also . Bulky washcloths , which are often beautifully designed , I end up using for hand towels , just to keep them from becoming dusty ! These thinner cloths handle much better and do not take up alot of space , even rolled up .
 Wash my face twice a day . Wanted a washcloth that would be easy to launder , yet inexpansive and plentiful . Does the job .
 These are nice wash cloths . I use them for cleaning my face . They are a bit thin but for face washing they are just fine . The cloth is not of high quality terry , and the hems are coming out of a couple of the wash cloths but for the price , and for cleaning my face , they are just fine . I would probably purchase them again .
 As long as you have realistic expectations for what these wash cloths are , you should not be disappointed . Do n't , for example , expect to put these out for guests . They are not even remotely plush ; they are not even white . They remind me of those dingy-grey cloths that bus boys and bartenders use to clean off horizontal surfaces in restaurants and bars . And while it 's true that these cloths are somewhat translucent , the nap is rough -- good for grabbing dust and dirt , if you 're using them as rags , or for exfoliating skin . I suspect these cloths will be a big hit with people who want to do small cleanup jobs around the house or even wash the car , as well as those who want to remove makeup without worrying about staining the good facecloths.Because these cloths are so thin , they dry in less than 8 hours if you ring them out well and the air is not too humid . I use a fresh cloth to wash my face at night , polish the sink with it afterward , wring it well and drape it over the shower curtain rod to dry , and the morning toss the dry cloth down the laundry chute . Because I do laundry once a week , I do n't want damp items sitting in the pile of clothes , so these thin cloths are perfect . Once-a-week laundry also means I have a fresh cloth to use every day with backups . I actually liked these so much I ordered a second dozen . Unless you like to pamper yourself every time you use a wash cloth , save your Christy Renaissance Egyptian Cotton cloths for guests and use these Economy taskmasters for everyday use .
 These are great wash clothes . They 're just the right texture - rough enough to exfoliate nicely but soft enough that it does n't leave you feeling raw . The economy pack is an added bonus too .
 I did n't actually buy it from amazon . I picked it out at a store and absolutly love this perfume ! It is not one of those florally perfumes that smell overbearing . To me it smells very light and fresh . I get nothing but compliments . I just ran out and am putting it on my christmas wishlist !
 I love this scent . I have worn it for casual events for several years . A great everyday fragrance .
 Very nice and soft , suitable for everyday use . I bought it as a gift to the friend . She was really happy about it .
 Love the way this perfume smells . Unlike anything I 've ever smelled . Not super fruity or sweet .
 It was delivered very fast ! very well wrapped . I have purchased this perfum before and love the soft smell so I decided to purchase my second one , because not everyone carries it anymore , and I am very happy with it . The prices was even better than what I had paid with my first one from a retail store . From now on anytime me and my family need perfums this is our place to get them from!Thanks
 I love all burberry fragrances . This one especially is so soft and sweet . It does not overpower the senses and is good for everyday wear .
 This perfume smells SOOO good . I always get compliments on it when I wear it . Definatley a must have if you want something light and pretty smelling . It 's not overpowering either like how some perfumes can be .
 I love this perfume , it has been my absolute favorite for about fifteen years . It is a light , day time fragrance that I wear almost every day.I often get comments regarding how nice it smells
 I love this brand . I am unable to find it in my home town ... I was w/o it for some time ... Love having it back.I will reorder .
 Very fast shipping , 2 days . Stores do n't carry this brand usually b/c it 's an older model but my wife loves it so this is perfect .
 The product looks like an original , it smells good , but it does not last long ! I get complements from friends .
 This was one of the first perfumes I was ever given and ordered this again from amazon because I ran out of the first bottle I was given . I love this scent and this was a great price ! I would highly recommend it .
 Actually I bought 2 from Amazon.The first one is something wrong with the liquid . There are a lot of red mildews in it . And it will grow up!The parfume can not be returned . So I bought another.I contact Amazon customer service . They refund me the first one . It makes me feel good .
 This is the best smelling perfume ever.The scent is just HEAVENLY.I always get great compliments when I wear this .
 Came before I expected it so it was here for the holidays ! Will certainly order from Scented Monkey again
 Ahhh I love this scent . . I get questioned often `` whats that perfume ur wearing ? lol
 I love this perfume , it smells fantastic ! I decided to buy one for my friend 's birthday and had it shipped directly to her . She received it right on time ! She also loves Burberry Weekend and really enjoyed this gift ! It would have been a better gift if I had the option of gift wrapping it , but I was unable to select that option with this company .
 This is absolutely a NICE , long-lasting perfume!Whenever I wear it , I get lots of compliments.It is the ideal every day scent for me !
 I love this perfume , fine fragrance not too heavy ... just like my husband likes :-RRB- . Would recommend it for casual wear or even for nice occasions if you do n't like too a heavy smell .
 Buy this fragrance , motivated by the comments read on amazon and i do not regret having asked me , was it as requested , I recommend to all my friends and acquaintances to buy via amazon .
 I 've tried many fragrances and this truly DOES smell like a delightful weekend feels . Relaxed , sweet and refreshing . I keep coming back to this time and again .
 Great ! Just what I thought I was ordering . The price was way more affordable then buying in store/online other places . Will buy again .
 This cologne is of high quality and smells great , and my order arrive way before the time specified . This is a really great service from Amazon . I would recommend this item to all females out there who have a problem choosing a great cologne .
 Bought this perfume because it was recommended by a friend and it is such a beautiful fragrance . Lasts a long time and my hubby loves it !!
 I guess every woman has to have a perfume smells classical like this product , for me , it is a perfect choice , since it goes very well with my skin and stays longer on my skin !
 My mom loves this fragrance & since its hard to find in nearby department stores , Amazon was the answer ! It arrived on her b-day ... free shipping , ahead of scheduled delivery !! Love , love , love !!
 I love this Perfume , Its definatly a favorite . . I was so happy to get it on Amazon.com.the smell of this perfume stays on all day !!! Its Wonderful . .
 I have been wearing Burberry Brit Red until a friend bought me a gift of all their samples . In these was Burberry Weekend and I just love it ! I just ordered this and I have had so many compliments on it . It is such a fresh , wholesome scent . I will order it again .
 i must admit , i was impulse shopping and had not heard of burberry weekend . i like all of there other scents and the reviews were so good , i just bought it ! crazy , i know . i am so glad though , it smells so good and lasts a long time .
 This scent is GREAT for everyday . It smells so good , and lasts all day . Plus , my husband loves it . What more can a girl ask for ?
 I purchased burberry weekend @ TJMaxs 1.0 oz bottle for 19.99 . I wanted to try something new . At first I did n't like it . However , I put it on a week ago and It smelled yummy . It smells similar to Tommy Dreaming which I am trying to get use to . Burberry weekend is a classic sent . Enjoy .
 Unlike the other reviewer wrote , this perfume smells good on me . Whenever I try fragrances by Burberry , I feel like it reminds me of some atmosphere of British woman in mid 20s - mid 30s rather than the active or athletic young girls . Yet the impression totally depends on the individual 's preference , I personally favor this kind of fragrance which gives feeling of femininity with the mostly powdery , plus a hint of citrus fragrance . .
 I had previously tested this in my local chemist and hadnt really liked it . But my boyfriend bought me it for Christmas and now I have absoloutely adore it . But since it 's in such a small bottle save it for special occasions . I would reccomend this to anyone .
 Boyfriend recommended this to me since I was looking for a fresh , lighter perfume that would last all day -LRB- or night -RRB- . I do n't like being overwhelmed by scents and two spritzes of this in the morning leave me very happy throughout the day . I definitely recommend it.Only downside is that you can only purchase this through Burberry online or from Amazon now ... so stock up while you can : -RRB-
 I love this scent and wear it daily . You only need a small amount and this size bottle was a fantastic deal for the price .
 I love burberry weekend , you can only find it in the summer in brick and mortar stores .
 My husband bought it for my christmas gift . I had mentioned Burberry and he decided why not two . I like the scent , soft and fruit but fresh .
 Bought this fragrance while on vacation in Ireland 2 years ago and finally used it all . I did n't replace right away but the good price and free shipping was the deciding factor to buy . This is a wonderful fragrance sutle yet the fragrance notes stay with you .
 just as described and daughter was happy to get a new bottle she just ran out from last year suppy
 My sister originally purchased this for me last year . It 's a light , fresh , alluring scent that can be worn for all occasions . She uses it too and I just bought her a bottle for her Christmas present . Yes , it also is the original product . Neither of us had a problem with the perfume as it 's the real deal . Happy Shopping !
 I mostly went by the reviews , and noticed some of them saying it was a light floral . My wife typically picks that type of perfume so that was a lot of help . She really like it , and I was impressed by the elegant vial it was in . Thanks for all the reviews , that was a big help .
 This size lasted my mother-in-law roughly 4 months when I got it for her in August for her birthday . Great set up for filling out her Christmas list !
 Gorgeous item . I love it !!! cuz it 's a perfume that is expired in Mexico . The fragance is amazing and the bottle id
 i love this perfume , its my favorite perfume , its just as if i bought it at the store , not cheap or altered .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister in law and she was very pleased by the smell of it .
 This moisturizer is great . It is very light , absorbs very quickly and is not greasy . It is perfect for use during the hot , humid months but be sure to use a sunscreen because it does not contain sunscreen . That may be why it 's not greasy , but I do n't know . It 's expensive , but I think it 's worth the money . During humid months , you do not need more than a dip of your finger . You may need a dip more during the dry winter months or possibly a second application . So it seems that this moisturizer will last for a while . This is easily the best moisturizer I 've had , even if it does n't contain sunscreen .
 I had purchased this some time ago , because I have a sensitive scalp . I based my scalp and applied . This product did not burn too much and my results came out great . I 'm glad I used it . I like it better than Mizani -LRB- regular -RRB- , and that burned more than the Affirm after taking needed precautions . Good product . I liked it .
 I just love the colors in the Africa barrette . The warm brown and gold tones look great with my blonde hair . France Luxe make the best barrettes that I have ever used . They hold my hair securely and never pull or pinch . Quality hair accessory . I bought this on Amazon and it surprised me on how fast it arrived . Great job !
 I lost a barrette like this swimming last winter . I searched all over - stores , the web , amazon , to find it again . after a great deal of hunting i found it ! or something very close . these barrettes are expensive but they are worth it . they last for years and look like new because they are made of extremely good materials -LRB- and well put together -RRB- . i gave it four stars instead of five because of the price .
 Classic is the best way to describe this barrette . I have a lot of hair so it takes some doing to squeeze all my hair into the clip , but once all the hair is tucked and the barrette snapped , the stay lasts . I really like the way the tones of color smoothly blend together .
 For extremely thick hair , but works also for me . Beautiful and great quality . I would recommend France Luxe for anyone .
 It really goes against my grain to spend this kind of money on a barrette , but I wear a ponytail 4 or5 days a week . At fifty-something , the elastic band just does n't cut it . I have long , thick hair . No barrette ever holds all my hair . This one did ! And the best part is that it does n't flatten my pony tail like most barrettes ; it keeps it rounded , therefore keeping all the hair back tightly . Perfect . I 'm buying another .
 My hair is huge and I have never found a barret that actually holds it in place . Now I have . Very nice quality . I want one in every color .
 I have very thick dreadlocks and I can just manage to twist my hair up into a chignon with this clip . Totally worth the money , though if you can find it on sale , even better .
 Most barrettes will not hold all my hair into a ponytail , but this one will.The clasp mechanism is higher quality with stiffer metal than a typical barrette found at a mass retailer.The colors and finish on the decorative part of the barrette are very nice - no chips , scratches or other blemishes .
 This is a beautiful barrette . It holds my thick hair without pulling . These are definitely an investment but worth the price . I 've lost track of how many cheap barrettes I 've broken over the years .
 This is the best stuff I 've used . However , the company discontinued . I do n't know how to have them to keep making it . Let 's hope they read this review .
 I 've tried all kinds of moisturizers and this one compares with the expensive brands at a low cost . Also , I do n't have to use it sparingly .
 My scalp is sensitive . As I 've gotten older , I 've discovered that less is more . I do n't like to put a lot of grease/spritz/holding spray , etc on my hair because it tends to exacerbate my itchy scalp condition.I 've been using KeraCare Dry & Itchy scalp for four months now and I 'm very pleased . It sooths my dry scalp and I do n't seem to have all of the flaking that I use to . It is very light and seems to just evaporate after some hours , unlike many other grease products which kind of sit there like vaseline.I 've used many products before to alleviate my dry itchy scalp that did n't make a difference . I find that washing my hair at least once a week and using KeraCare products and a moisterizing/conditioning shampoo have made a big difference . If you have color treated hair or use a lot of direct heat on your hair such as curling irons and flat irons , you need to deep condition your hair weekly . Tea tree shampoos are also soothing.This product line is on the expensive end , but a little dab will do ya and it lasts .
 I have just what it 's called Dry & Itchy Scalp and this product controls that . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I just love the colors in the Africa barrette . The warm brown and gold tones look great with my blonde hair . France Luxe make the best barrettes that I have ever used . They hold my hair securely and never pull or pinch . Quality hair accessory . I bought this on Amazon and it surprised me on how fast it arrived . Great job !
 I lost a barrette like this swimming last winter . I searched all over - stores , the web , amazon , to find it again . after a great deal of hunting i found it ! or something very close . these barrettes are expensive but they are worth it . they last for years and look like new because they are made of extremely good materials -LRB- and well put together -RRB- . i gave it four stars instead of five because of the price .
 Classic is the best way to describe this barrette . I have a lot of hair so it takes some doing to squeeze all my hair into the clip , but once all the hair is tucked and the barrette snapped , the stay lasts . I really like the way the tones of color smoothly blend together .
 For extremely thick hair , but works also for me . Beautiful and great quality . I would recommend France Luxe for anyone .
 It really goes against my grain to spend this kind of money on a barrette , but I wear a ponytail 4 or5 days a week . At fifty-something , the elastic band just does n't cut it . I have long , thick hair . No barrette ever holds all my hair . This one did ! And the best part is that it does n't flatten my pony tail like most barrettes ; it keeps it rounded , therefore keeping all the hair back tightly . Perfect . I 'm buying another .
 My hair is huge and I have never found a barret that actually holds it in place . Now I have . Very nice quality . I want one in every color .
 I have very thick dreadlocks and I can just manage to twist my hair up into a chignon with this clip . Totally worth the money , though if you can find it on sale , even better .
 Most barrettes will not hold all my hair into a ponytail , but this one will.The clasp mechanism is higher quality with stiffer metal than a typical barrette found at a mass retailer.The colors and finish on the decorative part of the barrette are very nice - no chips , scratches or other blemishes .
 This is a beautiful barrette . It holds my thick hair without pulling . These are definitely an investment but worth the price . I 've lost track of how many cheap barrettes I 've broken over the years .
 very good lipgloss . nice and smooth . the flavor is very light . wasn t my color . but i could not let it go . i m very happy with it . i will order it again for sure . very good seller . the order came fast
 Got hooked on this scent when the Ritz-Carlton used it as its shampoo/lotion set . A fresh , light scent that you can wear all day , but still feels special enough for date night too . Note that this review only applies to the `` au the blanc '' version of Bvlgari perfumes .
 This is my favorite perfume . I enjoy the scent of it on me . I also get many compliments when I wear it . For me , it 's a scent I never tire of and want to keep wearing . Never gives me a headache . I use it throughout the year , it goes well with all four seasons .
 From a man 's point of view ... Do n't take chances ... this IS the REAL product and not a knock off ... If your wife or significant other is hooked to this particular perfume -LRB- and they will let you know -RRB- then it 's no harder to find then just coming here!Bvlgari Au The ` blanc Perfume by Bvlgari for Women . Eau De Cologne Spray 1.3 oz ... -LRB- and they gift wrap -RRB- ~ cek
 Got it as a gift.Love this smell.It is light and kind of floaral .
 My husband ca n't stand the oriental , heavy smoky perfumes I tend to go for and so he bought me this ... it 's lovely ... feminine enough for a woman and sporty enough for the man who claims to get headaches from the heavy `` winter '' perfumes.It lasts and is just lovely .
 The other mineral wannabes offer loose powder and the mess that comes with that . Pur Minerals is pressed , tidy , easily carried in your purse or luggage and has always been the gold standard .
 The colourful Pucci-inspired gift box houses one of the best fragrances I 've ever come accross - A must have for women of all ages !! The Scent
 a very good relaxer it left my hair soft & managable not dry as most relaxers do will definetly continue to use this relaxer .
 I have always been a fan of Affirm relaxer . Being able to do it myself at home has made me a greater fan . Wonderful product .
 I love the relaxer it works fast and is easy to use . Be sure to get the conditioner when you purchase this though as they work hand in hand . You put in the conditioner prior to the neutralizing shampoo . The only negative is the RI-DIC-U-LOUS shipping costs .
 I was in the mall when I stopped a young man to find out what he was wearing and he told me it was called Corduroy . So , I went on Amazon and found it reasonably priced and purchased it for me husband . Needless to say that my husband smells fantastic and I have found a scent for him that I can enjoy for years to come . It 's a wonderful clean scent with a hint of sweetness .
 This is a very good scent for the price . It 's a strong , masculine scent that 's made to last . As far as the scent itself ? It smells a lot likeJEAN PAUL GAULTIER LE MALE - EDT SPRAY 2.5 OZwhich is one of the most popular scents in the entire world and I own it as well . Save yourself 50 bones and buy Corduroy instead .
 I bought this cologne for my husband for Christmas . It made it here before Christmas which was great -LRB- it had the possibility of coming after -RRB- and my husband loves it . It 's his favorite cologne and I 'm glad I was able to find it for such a great price !
 A great smelling frag . Manly woody fragrance for a great price . Zirh really does make some great stuff.The only thing I could wish for is greater longevity.RIP Zirh , you will be missed!Get this fragrance while you can !
 I love this scent on my husband ... great price . Just like store bought one but cost is so much better ... Thanks
 Corduroy is now my husbands favorite cologne , Husband loves this scent and gets many compliments!Scent is mild compared to the overpowering scents .
 We even use it just to spray for good aroma around the house ! I got for my DH for xmas .
 long lasting and smells great . I will buy more of these . my other ones are kenneth cole black which also lasts very long . . Has a good spicy touch to it and also hints or wooddy feel
 I bought this men 's cologne a few years back at a major department store , when I went to buy it again they were no longer carrying it ; I was very disappointed because it was my favorite . Recently when I wanted to get another cologne for my husband I decided to try Amazon and I was able to get Corduroy through them . In my opion it is one of the best smelling men 's colognes available . If you like Geo you will like Corduroy ; it is a similar type cologne but with a more masculine note to it . The price was great also .
 I really love the unique scent of Corduroy . I first found it at Bloomingdales in NY and spent what you 'd expect to spend there . I made my bottle last for a couple of years . Then when it was empty , I looked on Amazon to see if I could find it cheaper . You bet it was cheaper !!! I love the fragrance and love the price . But the shipping ... Save yourself some money and just be patient for the ground shipping . For security reasons , Amazon ca n't ship a liquid cologne as quickly as they can ship a book . I ordered this with two-day shipping and it took about a week . So do n't expect to get this overnight . It 's worth the wait though .
 Absolutly the best !!!! Product was EXACTLY as described , and shipping was faster than anticipated . Ikon is a great every scent for men . Would definitly purchase again .
 A wonderful woodsy , spicy scent that will get you compliments . It 's not heavy or strong and for the price , you get a great amount . It 's a must-have cologne for my collection . I love wearing it .
 This stuff has a nice leathery scent that is not overpowering.It does not smell like a cheap cologne . You ca n't go wrong , especially at this price . I bought 2 and my wife suggests I get more .
 I love it when I walk past the person wearing and I catch a whiff of it . This smell is distinct and intoxicating . It 's strong , but not overwhelming and very masculine . Great smell for a fantastic price .
 A subtle masculine aroma , very pleasant , and encourages her to snuggle a little closer on those chilly winter evenings . You will not be disappointed , and neither will she . My wife absolutely loves this on me .
 I love this cologne ! I was looking for something new for a gift for my husband , and this was the perfect choice . The shipping arrived just in time for Christmas when I ordered 10 days ahead of time and put a smile on my husband 's face .
 My husband and I are both huge fans of this scent . Super masculine , not overwhelming and long lasting .
 I 'm a huge Acqua di Gio fan and have been wearing it for years ; it took me a long time to find a scent that I really liked and I get tons of compliments on it . Since then I still have sampled other colognes when I 'm in stores and Corduroy is one of the few that I 've found that I also really like . Definitely a stronger , more masculine scent than Acqua , without being overpowering or having that common `` sport '' scent . I am not a fan of the more common , run-of-the-mill `` sporty '' scents . I now have the tough decision of which to wear every morning . Best thing is you can find this for cheap online or in department stores . I do n't get nearly the amount of compliments with the Corduroy as I do with the Acqua , but I still get 'em : -RRB-
 The service was excellent very fast and without any problems . The product is of very good quality .
 I love this brand , I prefer the moisterizing tonic instead of this one , but I just love it and would buy again !
 I have been using this product for years and love the results . When other creams leave my skin dry in winter , this one always restores its moisture . To date I have had no problems with my orders from Amazon . The box always looks new and the cream fresh and full . I 'm sure they would replace a problem order with no hassles .
 I 've been using this product for years and have never been disappointed . Vendor processed order and shipped product quickly and efficiently .
 It is n't the cheapest product out there but I have used other products and keep coming back to this one as my preferred product to use at night to moisturize & re-new my face !!
 I like this product a good deal - it feels really nice going on - it leaves my skin feeling moist and smooth but not at all greasy . I 've only used 1 jar but I used every last bit -LRB- A good sign that I really liked it ! -RRB- I did not see any DRAMATIC improvement , but it kept the fine lines I have been fighting at bay and rather ` plumped up ' with some improvement . I liked the smell - I found it to be very subtle and feminine .
 I bought this because of a recommendation by a friend . It is really a nice cream . My skin drinks it in . A little pricey but worth it !
 I think the scent speaks for itself . When you can get it at Amazon prices , it 's a no-brainer !
 Expensive.You pay a lot for a VERY small jar . I bought it for my girlfriend and I was shocked to see how much this jar of cream costs!But regardless , she says it 's good -LRB- 5-stars-kinda-good -RRB- and that it 's worth its weight in gold . I 'll have to try to trust her on that one .
 ... I have not used soap for 40 years ... This toner plus GALATEE CONFORT in combination , my skin is CLEAR and CLEAN ...
 I just love the colors in the Africa barrette . The warm brown and gold tones look great with my blonde hair . France Luxe make the best barrettes that I have ever used . They hold my hair securely and never pull or pinch . Quality hair accessory . I bought this on Amazon and it surprised me on how fast it arrived . Great job !
 I lost a barrette like this swimming last winter . I searched all over - stores , the web , amazon , to find it again . after a great deal of hunting i found it ! or something very close . these barrettes are expensive but they are worth it . they last for years and look like new because they are made of extremely good materials -LRB- and well put together -RRB- . i gave it four stars instead of five because of the price .
 For extremely thick hair , but works also for me . Beautiful and great quality . I would recommend France Luxe for anyone .
 It really goes against my grain to spend this kind of money on a barrette , but I wear a ponytail 4 or5 days a week . At fifty-something , the elastic band just does n't cut it . I have long , thick hair . No barrette ever holds all my hair . This one did ! And the best part is that it does n't flatten my pony tail like most barrettes ; it keeps it rounded , therefore keeping all the hair back tightly . Perfect . I 'm buying another .
 Classic is the best way to describe this barrette . I have a lot of hair so it takes some doing to squeeze all my hair into the clip , but once all the hair is tucked and the barrette snapped , the stay lasts . I really like the way the tones of color smoothly blend together .
 My hair is huge and I have never found a barret that actually holds it in place . Now I have . Very nice quality . I want one in every color .
 I have very thick dreadlocks and I can just manage to twist my hair up into a chignon with this clip . Totally worth the money , though if you can find it on sale , even better .
 Most barrettes will not hold all my hair into a ponytail , but this one will.The clasp mechanism is higher quality with stiffer metal than a typical barrette found at a mass retailer.The colors and finish on the decorative part of the barrette are very nice - no chips , scratches or other blemishes .
 This is a beautiful barrette . It holds my thick hair without pulling . These are definitely an investment but worth the price . I 've lost track of how many cheap barrettes I 've broken over the years .
 Seller was wonderful with customer service . Product arrived within reasonable time . I will definately be shopping with this seller again in the future ! Thank you !
 This is the best shampoo I have ever used . The texture reminds me of what an egg yoke feels like , without the smell of course . This is the most moisture rich shampoo I have ever used . It leaves my hair silky and smooth . If you live a fast paced life-style buy this and the accompanying conditioner and your hair will be as healthy and shiny as if you spent hours in the hair salon getting several-step treatments . It is a great product for every day or weekly use !
 i love this product ! i can spend $ 60 base price in salon for results that are not as good and i have less control over . That does not include the tip for the colorist and the washer . Not to mention having to spend hours in the salon - vs 30 min in the comfort of my own home . And ... another $ 35 plus tip if i do n't want to leave the salon w / a wet head . i wish this product had been available years ago !!! ...
 I love this color of pink It is basic and goes with almost everything . Fast delivery and excellent product . I will probably order it again when I run out .
 I only buy this make up . This is my second time ordering from Amazon.com a tube of this . I do n't use very much and do n't really have to order except twice a year . I do n't always wear make up -LRB- when working out for example -RRB- , but I LOVE that this is just the right shade for my skin tone . I also love that I do n't have to deal with a Mary Kay dealer person . I can just order what I need without being pressured to buy more .
 This is the best makeup I have ever used . Finally I have fond a hade tht is exactly true to my color . Absolutely perfecttttt !!!!
 Love this foundation !!! This is the one foundation that matches my skintone PERFECTLY . I 've tried a countless number of foundations . It 's really hard to find one that does not make my skin look washed out , too light , too dark , too red , or too yellow . Not to mention that this foundation is very affordable , stays on all day , and does n't make me oily by the end of the day . LOVE IT !!
 I first found this product after quite a while of simply refusing to wear foundation . The tones were always too light , and on my dark skin it was noticeable ! When the Mary Kay rep first talked to me about this product i tried the bronze 708 for a base foundation and the 608 as a lightener . I 'm not a fan of the 608 -LRB- still have the original bottle ! from years ago ! -RRB- , the 708 is great.First , I use a lightener for the circles around my eyes -LRB- grrr ... -RRB- , and wait a few minutes to put the bronze 708 on -- mostly , i use it to even out my palish cheeks compared to the rest of my fairly dark face.this product did not dry my skin , and the color looks very natural -- though my husband says he can always tell when I 'm wearing it.I give it 5 stars because it has never let me down . I recently switched to revlon 's darkest foundation and I found that it dried my face out severely . After just one week of use , i was back online looking for my bronze 708 . It 's the best .
 I 'm not new to the many shades that Mary Kay carries for women of color . I was recently searching for my mom 's shade , and was very pleased when I came across this seller . 708 is my mom 's exact match , and she could n't of been happier with how fast it arrived . Thanks , I plan on purchasing more in the near future .
 Petite Cherie is a fruity-floral fragrance in which vanilla , peach , musk rose and freshly cut grass recall purity and boldness . Like a naive and determined woman-child who both stirs the senses and moves the heart .
 I got a sample of this with a purchase I made and fell in love ! I had to buy it , so I found it here for almost half the price of retail . Yay . It arrived early and in perfect new condition . It 's my new favorite , I 'm planning to start wearing it every day and make it my signature -LRB- : It 's peachy and fresh and great for any time of day or year . Seriously , I wear it just to lounge around the house it smells so good .
 Love the product - my favorite perfume at a great value - less than lHalf of retail !
 Excellent , great , ligth scent , perfect to wear the entire year despite the weather and temperature . Not strong at all . Light and airy .
 I had a sample of this fragrance for two years . I sniffed it and the fragrance was lovely , not overpowering . Made for a child but great for a woman who wants to smell like it 's her , not the product wearing her ! The price is fair for the size and packaging .
 I love perfume but I do n't like overpowering scents . This one , a present from a great daughter-in-law , is perfect for me . Actually , I have now purchased the second bottle myself !
 This is the lowest price I was able to find online -LRB- Sephora , Birchbox , etc. -RRB- I love this scent ; its light , crisp , fresh , kind of sweet and fruity . I generally do n't like heavy floral or overly strong scents and to be honest I generally do n't wear perfumes . But I instantly fell in love with Petite Cherie for Women by Annick Goutal . I 'd say I 'm mature for a woman in her late 20 's . Also I 'm going to be a nurse so I did n't want something that is heavy -LRB- as not to offend people around me who may be sensitive to fragrances . -RRB- This is perfect in my opinion .
 I really like what I purchased.Especially , no tax and no delivery charge.This is my favorite Fragrance .
 I have tried the Cucumber , Fig and Sea scented soaps . They have all been long-lasting and smell fabulous . This is a wonderful product !
 Everyone in our house loves this soap ! Compared to the generic stuff you find in stores , this soap is not comparable .
 This is hands-down the best smelling lavender soap I have ever found ! The scent is amazing and lasts after you shower . This store shipped the item so quickly that I rec 'd it prior to the estimated delivery date by 4 days ! EXCELLENT !
 WE WERE VISITING A HOTEL IN PORT CLINTON , OHIO AND THERE WAS A LITTLE GIFT AREA . I NOTICED THE BAR OF LYCHEE ROSE SOAP.I STOPPED TO SMELL IT.IT WAS A VERY PLEASANT ROSE FRAGRANCE . WE LEFT TO GO TO EAT DINNER . I KEPT THINKING ABOUT THE SOAP . THE FRAGRANCE WOULD N'T LEAVE ME . SO YES , WE PURCHASED IT.A RETURN VISIT TO THE HOTEL AND MY HUSBAND SPOTTED THE GINGER FRAGRANCE.THIS SOAP HAS LASTED LONGER THEN ANY OTHER SOAP WE HAVE EVER PURCHASED.THE FRAGRANCE IS STILL AS STRONG NOW , AT A THIRD IT 'S SIZE , AS IT WAS WHEN NEW.GREAT PRODUCT . WE ARE REPEAT PURCHASERS . THESE ARE WONDERFUL GIFT ITEMS TOO .
 I have tried the Cucumber , Fig and Sea scented soaps . They have all been long-lasting and smell fabulous . This is a wonderful product !
 Everyone in our house loves this soap ! Compared to the generic stuff you find in stores , this soap is not comparable .
 This is hands-down the best smelling lavender soap I have ever found ! The scent is amazing and lasts after you shower . This store shipped the item so quickly that I rec 'd it prior to the estimated delivery date by 4 days ! EXCELLENT !
 WE WERE VISITING A HOTEL IN PORT CLINTON , OHIO AND THERE WAS A LITTLE GIFT AREA . I NOTICED THE BAR OF LYCHEE ROSE SOAP.I STOPPED TO SMELL IT.IT WAS A VERY PLEASANT ROSE FRAGRANCE . WE LEFT TO GO TO EAT DINNER . I KEPT THINKING ABOUT THE SOAP . THE FRAGRANCE WOULD N'T LEAVE ME . SO YES , WE PURCHASED IT.A RETURN VISIT TO THE HOTEL AND MY HUSBAND SPOTTED THE GINGER FRAGRANCE.THIS SOAP HAS LASTED LONGER THEN ANY OTHER SOAP WE HAVE EVER PURCHASED.THE FRAGRANCE IS STILL AS STRONG NOW , AT A THIRD IT 'S SIZE , AS IT WAS WHEN NEW.GREAT PRODUCT . WE ARE REPEAT PURCHASERS . THESE ARE WONDERFUL GIFT ITEMS TOO .
 I like the soaps very much . They feel good on my skin and smell lovely . They do n't `` melt '' in the soap dish after I use them . I like the size of the bar . If you like a speciality soap , this is the one .
 This soap lasts through lots of showers or baths - cassis and pear a personal favorite - scent is freshand clean - not overpowering - love it !!
 I have been using this soap for about 2 months now . It is great for all parts of the body , including the face . I am 47 years old and have had acne problems at my age ! It has actually helped . When you apply moisturizer after bathing , it really soaks in and leaves your skin so soft . It also does n't dissapate real fast like other soaps and lasts a long time . The larage bars I have are only half used and I use it every day .
 This soap is great !! I have had very dry skin for yrs . but not after using this soap for the past seven mo. . It lathers well , smells fresh , gets ur skin super clean n rinses off completely ... no residue . Yay !! It moisturizes very well , but does n't overdo it.It lasts a long time if put in a place where it can drain ... does n't crack once dry . Definitely worth every penny .
 I started using olive oil soap bars a year ago and now I ca n't live without them . It 's really made the skin on my face much softer , especially when used with a moisturizer right after . This brand is a very nice soap and I like it more than the Kiss My Face bars.It has a very fragrant lavender scent even though there 's no mention of any type of fragrance on the webpage or the container it comes in . I like lavender so that 's a plus.It 's wonderful to use for shaving . I do n't bother using shaving cream or gel anymore . After shaving I apply aftershave/moisturizer and my face becomes like a baby 's behind . Seriously , I 'll be touching my face all day marveling at how soft it is.One major negative thing I 've noticed about olive oil bars is that they seem to run out of olive oil before they 're completely used up . You 'll notice this when the bar becomes very easy to lather and is not as greasy . Normally , when you have a new full-sized bar it 's a little hard to lather up and feels very oily . Then when there 's about 15-20 % of the bar left , the greasyness is gone and it soaps up almost immediately . You can tell it does n't moisturize as well then . I just use it for washing my hands at that point.Also , make sure to not leave the bar sitting in any water because it will cause the bar to `` melt '' and get very messy and lose it 's shape.Another bad thing is that olive oil bars are usually more expensive than regular bars . So not only do the moisturizing benefits run out before the bar is totally used up but you have to pay more for it.Still , your face and skin need all the help they can get while you get older . I think it 's worth it for the extra money and you 'll definitely notice the difference . Thumbs up for this product !
 I bought this for my husband who has dry , scaly skin . I had him use it for a while and I think it 's made a difference for him . He used to be really dry and skin flakes would shed off , but now I can tell that his skin looks more moisturized throughout the day . Good product .
 Throw away your moisterizer . Do n't need it after taking a shower or a bath with this soap . After using this product , you 'll never go back to what you were using before .
 I used it for face and body since traditionally soaps irritate my skin . I really enjoyed how it does n't dry out or itch my skin .
 Love the silky consistency of this soap . Does not lather a lot but it feels silky on the skin . Do n't know how else to describe it . Soft , clean smell . And really moisturizes . I will continue to use this soap . I love Olivella products . It feels luxurious to use them even though they are reasonably priced .
 I had been looking for a bar of soap that was pure olive oil . This is what I found . The commercial soaps I have been using all my life really dry my skin out . I am African-American and in using this bar of soap I have noticed my skin seems to glow . Not to mention the bar lasts a long time ! Good product !
 this body bar is very good . It does not dry you out . Just like the body wash it leaves your skin nice and smooth . I will be buying more of this product too . I wonder if they have the body lotion also . I will check out the site . Thanks .
 I thought I had ordered the fragrance-free version of this product . Upon opening the package , however , I was overwhelmed by a very strong flowery , herbal scent . This seemed to tone down with use -LRB- or maybe I 've just become accustomed to it -RRB- . Anyone sensitive to fragrances in their bath and body products should double check before ordering.I found the soap itself to be moisturizing and very gentle . There 's nothing particularly magical or miraculous about it . Still , it 's a good , basic option if you have dry skin or are looking for more natural skin care products .
 I bought this soap for my daughter because I read online that `` natural '' soaps can help with Acne . She typically uses products with hydrogen peroxide . But after doing research , I found that it would be better for her to use a more natural soap . So after receiving it , I tried it out for myself , and the soap is amazing . It made my face soft , and it controlled her breakouts as well . I definitely recommend this soap , to anyone .
 I have very dry itchy skin ; but since using this soap the last two or more years , I have had relief from my irritable skin problem . I even use it on my children who have similar skin problem . My skin is noticeably smoother especially during the winter months .
 This is a standard in my home . My husband loves the scent and I love the fact that my skin does n't dry out after using this soap .
 this one is good . what else can one say . It doeswhat it is supposed to do . Try it , you skinjust might like it .
 Very fine transaction . Fast shipping . It was the real thing , the long discontinued perfume L'arte di gucci -LRB- tester -RRB- . THX !
 I have used this product for two years , it is amazing . It has great coverage but does not look heavy . It is silky and very luxurious . Not much product is needed and it lasts 6 months . It is pricey but well worth it .
 I have used many different make up products over the years . And simply put , La Prairie Skin Caviar Concealer Foundation is the best . I use Porcelaine Blush but they make over 10 different colors for different skin shades . This product lasts all day and a very small amount needs to be used for excellent coverage .
 I have never found a better product for my skin . I have tried many other s but they just do not compare with La Prairie .
 I used this before my wedding day , and I had a sun-kissed gow in my spaghetti strap wedding dress . The instant bronzer lets you know where the color is going , while the self tanner takes a bit longer to work . Careful not to get wet for a while after using it , the bronzer does come off with water .
 Product works very well for an instant tan . The Bronze color allows you to work the product out smoothly for no streaks or blotchy spots . Need to let it dry before applying makeup . And it will wash off easily .
 I like the soaps very much . They feel good on my skin and smell lovely . They do n't `` melt '' in the soap dish after I use them . I like the size of the bar . If you like a speciality soap , this is the one .
 This soap lasts through lots of showers or baths - cassis and pear a personal favorite - scent is freshand clean - not overpowering - love it !!
 This product is certainly worth the money . I love this perfume by Chloe and this set is excellent . I have not found this product at this low price anywhere . Amazon did a good thing by selling this perfume set at this price . I 'm thoroughly enjoying this perfume set and I get lots of compliments when I wear it .
 I ca n't believe I placed this order on December 9th . Got Free Super Saving Shipping -LRB- which ships between 5-8 days -RRB- , and it came on December 12th ! Excellent service . I bought this perfume for my mom for Christmas because she 's always raving about `` back in the day '' there used to be a perfume called Narcisse by Chloe and she loves the smell etc. . Thought I 'd surprise her with this one . I could n't resist spraying just a tiny bit on my hand to see how it smells . All these years of hearing my mom talk about it I have to say it smells wonderful . Not too heavy -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . It has a floral , powdery scent . Thank you so much for the excellent service . I know my mom is going to love it .
 As always with Amazon , you just have to wait for the right price , this perfume we have been trying to get it for my mom for some time and we could not beleive the price nor the fact that it is original.Very pleased , it takes longer than what they say but it is worth waiting .
 This was the first perfume my mom ever bought me . It was my signature scent back in high school , so I was delighted to find here on Amazon for such a great price . It brings back tons of memories . I 'm having fun wearing it again .
 This is the only perfume I buy . I have worn this brand since I was a 19 and I 'm 31 now . I love this scent on my skin . Here in Oki - they did not have my brand in the stores , so I had to go online to order it . I had to have it shipped to my mom in the States and she mailed it to me overseas . The shippment came fast .
 This fragrance is my absolute favorite ... I received my first bottle -LRB- very small bottle -RRB- of this fragrance in 1994 to wear during my Junior Prom . Almost 20 years later , and I still love it ! When I went to college I could no longer find Narcisse , I was crushed but I still remembered the rich , sweet honey-floral scent . Recently , I googled for the newest Chloe scent that I received a sample of from a department store to my surprise what pops up is an Amazon link for Narcisse . I quickly ordered and received the 6.7 oz body lotion -LRB- which can be worn by itself and very moisturizing -RRB- and a 3.4 oz of eau de toilette for $ 36.00 plus s/h -LRB- $ 5.99 -RRB- . Great price for 2 large bottles and fast shipping -LRB- 3 days to get my order -RRB- ! Now , I am ordering it 2 at a time because I do n't want to ever run out !
 Narcisse is difficult to find now . I used to be able to get it in several places but not anymore.I can not find a perfume I like as well as this one . I hope they continue to make it .
 My wife was pleased with this fragrance because she could not find it in the stores locally.However , now she wants to open it in on her birthday in February -LRB- was a Christmas gift -RRB- . So I am intrigued to see what itwill be like . Would probably have given it a 5 because it arrived early and was well packaged .
 I send her two bottles every six months . And if you are wandering , yes , this * is * the original product -LRB- had the same concern ... -RRB- , and it is offered at a fair price . Handling and shipping was fast . Will keep buying this as long as it remains the same ...
 I have wore this scent for at least 15 years . It is the only thing I wear . I get soooo many compliment on the way I smell !!
 It was exactly what I wanted at the price I wanted to pay and it arrived in perfect shape in plenty of time .
 I ordered this perfume last Sunday and I got it just today . Shipping was so fast and the product is exactly how it looks in the photo . I highly recommend this product and I 'll be buying it whenever I run out of it for sure !
 Searched long and spent a lot of money trying to find the scent both my partner and i loved ... this is it!Light , floral and not too overpowering . Thanks !
 This is my sisters favorite perfume so I bought it for her birthday and one for myself . A little goes a long way . Too much is very overpowering .
 This is a lovely clip and it looks beautiful in the hair . I love to wear it but want to note that I prefer a Couture Jaw style where the teeth are integrated into the main portion of the clip rather than being attached to it . I feel that it gives a stronger grip . That being said , this Cuff Pinch Clip was a better price and has a more dramatic appearance because it is larger . I have n't been able to find lovely hair clips elsewhere . These are expensive , but I will get a lot of use out of it . The packaging was done beautifully and with care . I even got a gift for the purchase of 3 items ! -LRB- The gift was another hair clip , less expensive but a nice addition to my collection . -RRB- I am contemplating my next purchase of France Luxe items .
 Its really nice cream . I like it so much . Its very helpful for my skin , but unfortunately no more import from Europe .
 I love this product . I have used other foundations , off the shelf and Beauty Control and Arbonne ... but I always go back to this . It does n't peel or crack and just makes my skin feel smoooth and silky without feeling made up .
 I love this product from mary kay . It adds a great finishing touch to any face . Product arrived promptly and I will definately be ordering it again . I ca n't live without it !
 The cream to powder foundation you are selling for the price of $ 13.50 is the old shape . The new shape is smaller & square and sells for $ 14.00 . Why would a prson want to pay $ 13.50 for the old shape ? I would pay you 1/2 of that amount , want to make a deal ??
 As a long-time fan of natures ' grand gift of the glorious gardenia flower and all its powerful heavenly scent , I long searched for gardenia fragrances that deliver the true aroma of a real gardenia . Of course , the house of Annick Goutal from France knows how to deliver faithful scents like few others , and my search for the perfect gardenia in spray form was complete upon experiencing this . Quite like Rose Absolue , this liquid gold of the pure white gardenia is flowered with absolute gardenia memories . When this gardenia is worn , dreams of Hawaii descend . The other floral notes in this singular bouquet do not compete with , but only compliment the magnificent passion of the angelically white gardenia ! If you love gardenias , you shall adore this .
 I This is the second time I buy this perfume through Amazon . Both times I was quite skeptical since the price is less than half what it sells for at department stores or during my trip to Paris -LRB- Could only find at needless markups in the US -RRB- . This is original product not a fake like one other that I purchased through Amazon before .
 Im sad that this isnt sold in stores anymore . This is my go to everyday fragrance . Its soft and powdery , very lightly scented . This is great for those who want a subtle , clean fragrance .
 It was a Christmas present . However , there are more reasonable sites to buy from , hence , this was my last purchase from the provider.Thank you .
 A little coffee , a little olive oil , a little organic apple cider vinegar and an organic egg and PRESTO !
 This is my favorite perfume . It has become my sygnature sent , and I just love it . It has a clean , light , floral sent that is not over powering or obnoxious . It is a clasic fragrance without the `` clasic fragrance '' price tag . I wish Amazon had smellovision because if you could just smell it you would love it as much as I do . It is a fabulous perfume , for the fabulous woman that you are . -LRB- Or if you are a man -- for the fabulous woman in your life . -RRB- You ca n't go wrong with Chloe Narcisse .
 This is a soft scent that smells gorgeous and VERY feminine without smelling like a teeny bopper . I get a lot of compliments on this scent .
 It has become almost impossible to find my favorite cologne at local stores . Shopping Amazon ensures me prompt delivery and ease of shopping , saving me time and money.Thank you so much Amazon .
 I like the soaps very much . They feel good on my skin and smell lovely . They do n't `` melt '' in the soap dish after I use them . I like the size of the bar . If you like a speciality soap , this is the one .
 This soap lasts through lots of showers or baths - cassis and pear a personal favorite - scent is freshand clean - not overpowering - love it !!
 My Beautician started giving me the Zotos Acclaim Extra Body Acid Perm over 20 years ago , and the product is still WONDERFUL !!! Never frizzes , hold a curl for several months , always looks natural . I 've used it during my `` hair dying '' time and now in my graying time . Never yellows the hair . I can not rave enough about it . In the last 20 years , I 've moved a few times and therefore changed Beauty shops . I 've always asked the ladies to give me the Zoto Acclaim . Most have had to go to Sally 's the first time ... once they saw how well it worked for me , they started stocking it in their shops . I can not rave enough about this product . My hair is thin and fine ... and used to be colored , now it 's graying ... Zoto is still doing a fantastic job !!
 The product was good . The price was high , according to my stylist , so she will buy it for me locally now that she found a distributor .
 I used to have unmanageable hair ! The problem was not the style or cut , but that I had a natural wave . All I wanted was it to be either curly or straight . I would spend at least an hour every morning with either a curling iron or a straightner . Then I went to a salon for a trim and she suggested these products , along with the grooming creme . It seems expensive , but it is so worth it ! Now it takes less than 15 minutes to fix my hair , and I 've had more compliments on the curl than ever before !
 The color is great . The crayon is easy to use and the color lasts a long time . I would buy this product again .
 This is not a flowey off the counter scent . It is however , the first one that I have had numerous men tell me `` God you smell good '' ... It will smell different on everyone based on your bodies own chemistry . I have shared it with several friends as well , and their comments are varied as to the responses they get . Look for something that is you , that a man will be able to tell when you have entered the room ... not part of the herd . Enjoy ... I certainly do !
 Beautiful fragrance . Been looking for it for a while and happy to finally get it . Already have a few asking about it
 This collagen gel feels amazing . It 's moisturizing without leaving a greasy residue , there is no `` alcohol '' feel that accompanies most gels . Hyarlonic acid takes the product deep into the skin instead of letting it sit on the surface . You WILL see better tone , clarity , and you will get that plumped look that they Hy acid gives . I am not using it with the elastin gel yet but will as soon as I save up some more money to splurge on skincare . I have oily/sensitive/and at times acne prone skin and it is perfect for my needs . If you have dry skin you would definitely need a moisturizer over it but it 's the perfect weight for me . Seriously , this is worth the $ .
 Honestly I do not think that my skin has felt this clean in a long time ! I use the cleanser then the scrub and then I follow it up by the collagen or elastin depending on when I use it . One is for morning and the other is for night . I also use the cream to top it all off . My skin looks and feels better ! I would recommend it !
 Beautiful product , my skin is soft and smooth . Really helps with those wrinkles and skin problems ! A friend recommended this product , i 've never looked back . I use the entire line .
 This gel firms up the skin and it feel wonderful ; not heavy or sticky . Love it ! I put it on at night and inthe morning my skin feels and looks great and smooth
 This make-up is worth the money.It feels silky on your skin and leaves a flawless finish.There is no need for a finishing powder . This make-up does it all !
 I have been SO pleasantly surprised with this product . My skin is much more radiant , smaller pores , reduced wrinkles -LRB- moisturized and plumper skin makes the wrinkles and laugh lines much less prominent ! -RRB- Make-up goes on so much better , and I 'm using so much less . I swear my skin is back to where it was 10 years ago !! And while I have incredibly sensitive skin , and most products make me break out , luckily that is not the case here ... thankfully !! because I would hate to have to stop using it !! Overall I highly recommend !!
 This is a hard to find scent , but is very classic and not overwhelming at all . Will continue to reorder .
 Had catalyst fairly long time ago and I liked it very much -LRB- so did my wife -RRB- . When I came across it again looking in Amazon . Com I decided to buy it again.I was not dissapointed . Very nice fragrance .
 I bought this cologne for my husand and son and they both love the smell ! I am a migraine sufferer and have to be careful which perfumes I use and which colognes my husband uses and this one doesnt bother me at all and I love the smell !
 Amazon yet again you have delivered a product as promised and it is exactly what I wanted and needed and got it for a fair price well way below market price and what I would have paid in Macy 's or Lord and Taylor ... thank youCatalyst is one of my all time favorites and it still gets rave reviews from my family and friends ... its clean and simple and masculine what more can you ask for ?
 I love the smell of Catalyst it has a clean slight clove smell . My husband has been using this since we first met 10 years ago .
 I adore this cologne , love the smell on the hubs . But , it 's impossible to find in stores anymore . I was glad to see it on Amazon , and will keep purchasing . It 's spicy without being too much so . Not too sweet at all , and very masculine without being overbearing . Very sexy scent ; -RRB-
 THIS IS A REALLY NICE SCENT , AND IT WAS AN UNBELIEVABLE BUY , WITH , OF COURSE , TERRIFIC SERVICE . . VERY HAPPY !! BIGSTAN
 The good news is the perfume was not stale and smelled really good.The bad news is the bottle was not sealed and was missing a few cc 's
 I 've been using this cologne for over 5 years . I always have a supply although in the past I 've alternated it with other scents .
 THIS IS A RARITY . . A REASONABLY PRICED MENS COLOGNE THAT IS AN EXCELLENT SCENT . CATALYST HAS A LIGHT BUT CRISP AROMA . SINCE USING THIS , I HAVE GOTTEN SEVERAL COMPLIMENTS ON IT , THANX CATALYST . BIGSTAN B
 Before purchasing this item , I was using Derek Jeter 's Driven -LRB- Blue -RRB- . I guess I didn ; t really know what a quality cologne was until I just used Catalyst yesterday . The scent is definitely manly . It is very bold , so the 4-5 sprays of my previous cologne would be waaay to many sprays with this . I spray myself twice . Once on the neck and once on the wrist . It is fragrant all day , not overbearing , and leaves a realy clean and crisp scent in your trail . It isn ; t overbearing in small spaces , and I have received several different compliments on it . I wear it to work , meetings , and work-related gatherings . It smells professional , it makes a bold statement , and I feel confident wearing it . Even my male co-workers have asked me what I use -- including upper-management . I consider this a positive sign . I have no received any negative feedback .
 This product has become very difficult to find locally . I have bought it online at other sites in the past . However , the price has never been this good .
 I 've looked for Catalyst Men 's Cologne in eight stores locally , and no one seems to carry it any more . My husband had almost completely run out , and it 's my favorite scent that he wears . I was so happy to find it -LRB- and at a reasonable price -RRB- at Amazon .
 Believe it or not , this is an old fragance -LRB- over 14 years old -RRB- and as time passes by it gets harder and harder to find them at retail locations.it has this unique `` citrous '' and very very fresh scentI bought two of them last time and I hope this thing sticks around for a long time .
 I bought this as a Father 's Day Gift for my Dad . He LOVES this stuff ! It 's hard to find Catalyst anywhere now , when you do it is super expensive -LRB- Just for a small one -RRB- . For this size and price ... you ca n't go wrong !
 I first used this many years ago and then it became unavailable . I was happy to find it on Amazon.com . The price was about 1/3 of the original price and I received it timely in the condition advertised .
 `` Catalyst For Men '' is an innovative , up-to-date fragrance that signals state of the art with its presentations.It comes in clean high-tech bottles and beakers reminiscent of forms found in a lab.A handsome test tube bottle rests on its own lab stand . A distinctive cone-shaped Erlenmeyer flask holds both the 3.4 oz . spray and the 3.4 oz . splash . An impressive sphere-shaped Reaction flask holds shave lotion and moisture complex .
 It took me forever to find the name of this spray from this sample that some one gaved me and good thing the sample looked exactly like the realy thing haha love it and its cheaper to buy here than in stores .
 `` Catalyst For Men '' is an innovative , up-to-date fragrance that signals state of the art with its presentations.It comes in clean high-tech bottles and beakers reminiscent of forms found in a lab.A handsome test tube bottle rests on its own lab stand . A distinctive cone-shaped Erlenmeyer flask holds both the 3.4 oz . spray and the 3.4 oz . splash . An impressive sphere-shaped Reaction flask holds shave lotion and moisture complex .
 I love Catalyst it has a great scent . My wife loves the scent on me .
 color match , size is correct , good quality , very nice item , color match , , color match , size is correct , good quality , very nice item , color match ,
 I 've been using various different colognes for a while now , having a difficult time finding one that I was happy with , that I could find regularly , and that fit within my budget . Catalyst by Halston for Men seems to be the end product that I was looking for ; at least for the spring and summer times.The scent its self is very light ; as in that it is n't overpowering or heavy like a winter cologne would be . Its crisp , and enters the nostrils easily leaving a pleasant feeling . From what I can tell it has accents of citrus to it , and really creates an invitation to get closer . It sticks with you , but not in a bad way , and accents with an already clean feeling . It seems to last for a long while too , having had worn it most of the day I could still catch drifts of the scent every once in a while . The cologne its self can either stand alone by its self , or help to promote other scents you are wearing . I 'd recommend to couple it with something that has either cedar or sandalwood to it.The only fault I can see with it is the bottle design its self . It 's oddly shaped , and can be hard to hold in your hand while applying ; especially if you keep it in your bathroom and it gets covered in steam after taking a shower.Other than that , the product is extremely nice and within a great price range to make it an every day cologne with out breaking the bank .
 This became my signature scent after college . An oldie but still a goodie . I have used Drakkar Noir -LRB- too soft and did not last through out the day -RRB- , Fahrenheit -LRB- the ladies loved it on me -RRB- , Safari -LRB- strong , manly scent , my 2nd favorite -RRB- , Jean-Paul Gaultier 's Le Male , Estee Lauder 's Intuition , Perry Ellis ' 360 Degrees , Hugo by Hugo Boss , Realm by Erox .
 I like the unique smell , i get a lot of complemints about it , great product and even the price is not too expensive , i 'm defenilly buying more of this product . .
 I have a difficult time finding this fragrance & I was really happy to have found it on Amazon . I have used this product for years & look forward to many more . Women love this fragrance , very subtle , not musky .
 Received quickly . Smells great . Owned this years ago and was glad to be able to find it . A great smell that 's not overbearing .
 Love this ! My Man smells so wonderful wearing this ! It 's my favorite ! Now I know where to find it again . . Took a ewhile : -RRB-
 My husband loves this fragrance and he has been having difficulty locating it in our town . I got it for him for Christmas and he has been very excited . The product was flawless and received as promised . The shipping was projected for after Christmas but it was received on Christmas eve . Thank you so much . .
 I love this product . My hair was weak , breaking off , and baby fine . I could n't get more than 4-5 inches before it would break . I finally got fed up with chemicals and went natural . But relaxers were only part of the problem . I did some reasearch and discovered that my hair was lacking protein . After trying this reconstructor , I discovered the strength in my hair . I use it 1-2 times a month -LRB- as needed -RRB- , followed by a deep moisturing conditioner . One year after I started , I had hair 10 inches long . That might not be much to some ladies , but its a good deal to someone who has never had long hair . Additionally you have to condition ... condition ... condition . Treat hair gently and do n't skip getting a trim for dead ends . I 'm at 12 inches and going for 24 . I can do it !!!
 My hair is texlaxed , thick and MBL . I got this product in a swap about 2 years ago and I am so glad I did ! This is the BEST reconstructor there is ! I have used and hated the Aphogee 2 step treatment because it is messy and smelly . On top of that , the results were n't worth all the effort that it entails . I decided to give this product a try and I was pleased after the very first application . It is easy to use , it applies without a mess and it WORKS ! Be sure to follow the directions to the ` t ' and do NOT manipulate the hair after you rinse this off . You MUST use a moisturizing conditioner afterwards to return the suppleness back to the hair , making it easier to manipulate . I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a product that strengthens the hair , helps stop breakage , and leaves the hair silky and smooth . I know that the price is a bit steep , but you do n't need a ton of it and you do n't use it often . I use it the wash after every relaxer and since I relax my hair 3 times a year , this has lasted me nearly 2 years . Give it a try !
 this product is amazing . damaged , color treated , chemically treated this will work for you . my hair is dry brittle due to coloring and weaving . after using this product i see an immediate difference in softness and texture . this product is well worth the price and last a long time .
 Excellent product . My hair is shinier , more manageable and I do n't have as many split ends . I normally have fine somewhat thick hair . This product gives my hair weight . Yes , I never thought I could have weight and movability . I always follow up with a very good non alcoholic conditioner . My favorite is SunSilk but it is off the market , I 'm afraid . I only have to flat iron once after shampooing and blow drying and for the rest of the week I can simply blow dry my hair and walk out the door . It does n't even get frizzy in humid weather . My African American hair loves the reconstructor . The product was delivered as promised . No complaints !
 This is a great product if you have skin that gets a little more sensitive in the winter time . It is also great if you have cyctic acne or any sort of hormonal breakouts . It is very gentle and does n't leave your skin feeling dry or tight after use . I highly recommend this product if you are dealing with adult on-set acne , sensitive skin , or just want to improve your complexion overall .
 Loved this perm so much . I hope to never have to buy another brand . Honestly , everything I could have hoped for .
 I 'm using both the Day and Night creams now , and I 'm really seeing good looking skin . Some darker patches I had before have just about disappeared . Expensive , but worth it .
 This is my second UDY perfume ... I just love the perfume . . One of the best perfumes I ever used . Comes in a nice girly pack as well .
 I love how stiff the bristles are and how quickly and perfectly it allows me to define my brows . Not thick and flimsy like most brow brushes . Just a dip and a swipe and on to the next thing.-The Mrs.
 I have used the colagen and placyderm creams from Clayton Shagal for years . Every once and a while I will try something else but I am never satisfied with the results and I always come back to this skin care line .
 Great color that matches my hair perfectly Excellent price , shipped quickly . I could n't find this product in any of the beauty product stores in my area . Of course I was able to find it on Amazon . Could n't live without Amazon where I shop almost daily . : -RRB-
 This perfume is great very light yet sweet . My order arrived fairly fast after ordering it . I assure you that you will be satisified after purchasing this fragrance . Like I said if you 're looking for something light and airy this would be a great fragrance for you and just leaves you with a clean smell . Enjoy !
 I used to get Love 's Baby Soft , Musky Jasmin . This is close Fits nicely in my purse.The scent is not overpowering , smells great
 I love this shampoo , my hair is thin and fine and this shampoo gives me the volume and control I like . I 've tried different shampoos but ths is the only one that really works.I would recommend it to any one with thin fine hair , it really works
 I like this shampoo but when I ordered it from Sam 's online they emailed said it was unavailable for a few months and they were going to substitute the moisturizing instead . I told them that was fine ... But I never received it and it 's been four weeks or so ... Maybe they should look into updating their website when they do n't have any product . . ? Just a thought .
 This soap is so smooth and wonderfull and it leaves your hands , face , etc. so soft and smelling fanstastic . All of my houseguests absolutely love it , and the price on here is amazing ! I recommend to anyone !
 Have been using this on my face -LRB- over 50-year-old face ! -RRB- for about a year . Beats all the high-priced , `` high-end '' cosmetic line cleansers by far . All natural , no frills , easy to use pump that I leave in the shower and one on my vanity sink . Love the silky feel of my skin after I use ; does not strip and over-dry my face -LRB- I live in the desert southwest -RRB- , no `` oil slick '' left behind , wonderful clean scent , and a little goes a long way . Use for shaving -LRB- excellent -RRB- and my teenage boys use it in the shower ... hard for me to keep in stock ! This is the BEST cleanser ever ! I ca n't recommend it enough . Skip the high-priced facial/body soaps and switch to THIS .
 This product is the BEST to use , ESPECIALLY , on your face ! It does n't dry out your face at all and leaves it VERY smooth . It 's also made of NATURAL ingredients & PERFECT for ANY TYPE of skin conditions . This is the ONLY soap that does n't dry out my face and/or make it feel very tight . You do n't need alot of it to use either & it lasts a long time . This product also does not leave your skin feeling oily.Believe me , once you try it , you will NEVER return to using your other previous cleansers .
 I have been using this lately as a hand soap in the kitchen , and I always look forward to the wonderful burst of scent that I can best describe and `` perky , bright , and clean '' . It 's neither floral or purely herbal . Have no idea what the classification of the scent is , but I love it.And I love how my hands are n't red and itchy anymore . I wash my hands A LOT , dozens of times a day , so having something that 's effective for cleaning but also gentle matters . I use a non-fragranced castile olive oil soap for my body , Cetaphil for my face , and this for general hand washing.And , since it 's in the kitchen , I have occasionally squirted it on a sponge and washed cups with it or stinky lunch tupperware my hubby brings home . Works great for that , too.I ordered from a different site due to a better price over there , and I just reordered some yesterday . This will be a staple in my house .
 This soap is hands-down the most invigoratingly-scented soap I have ever experienced -- I ca n't get enough of it !! I use it regularly in the shower and almost feel like a new person when I get out ! Oh , and yes it 's great for your skin too , leaving it soft and supple . Need I say more ? Olivella liquid soap is tops . It may seem pricey to some but I get every golden bit of my money 's worth !
 I have verry dry skin on my neck , itches , and this soap sooze it.I bought this Beauty liquid for my husbands dry skin , but i like it too . I 'm buying more today .
 I have used this product for years but was unable to order from my previous site . I am so happy to have it back at a great price . The smell is outstandingly pleasant . It stays in the half bath and is used by everyone , daily .
 I USE THIS SOAP DAILY ESPECIALLY IN THE WINTER AND IT IS GREAT FOR DRY SKIN ...
 This is beautiful liquid soap , softening for hands -LRB- especially for frequent washings -RRB- , body , and face -LRB- although stay away from the eyes ! -RRB- . The smell is neither perfumey nor medicinal -- just very clean and fresh .
 Olivella Liquid Olive Oil Soap 16.9 OzExcellent product , works as both a liquid body soap and shampoo .
 This product is nice ! it smells just like chocolate !! only problem is it does NOT last long at all , that is a bit disappointing .
 This perfume smells amazing and I definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to smell like chocolate chip cookies . : P
 Not going to lie , I 'm a dude who hates that Brute cologne type smell , I really do n't understand why men and some women enjoy that used wet sock smell . I wanted to smell exotic or tasty so I tried the Banana Flambe . Wow ... just wow . I used that for a few months then just recently tried the Orange Creamsicle . WOW x100 . That really smells like an orange ice cream push up pop 100 % just like it . People who are near me always ask me what I am wearing and say its incredible . I 've not tried anything else from Demeter but these two are winners . Without question the best smelling things I 've ever come across.holy crud , you have no idea how many women asked me what I am wearing and sniffed me ... 10/10 better to buy on Ebay though as they are a little cheaper .
 This is one of my favorite Demeter scents so far . It is delicious and alluring , mouth-watering bananas , a hint of warm rum -LRB- wo n't leave you smelling like you 've been drinking though -RRB- and a dry down of just a pinch of baked nutmeg and cinnamon bread . Surprisingly , this is not cloying or that overtly synthetic banana flavoring I absolutely detest . I suggest layering it with ginger cookie or one of Demeters chocolate scents for a fully gourmand experience .
 My mom has been using this brand for years and loves it . She says it is as good as always . Often hard to find locally .
 this product gives a natural glow and does n't make you look like a clown .
 Just a hint of healthy color to the cheek is all one needs to reflect that warm glow to the face . Bare Escentuals bareMinerals Blush gives just that ... a healthy warm glow . I have read that some users are having trouble applying the blush , making it seem to go on like a blob . For those having trouble , you must use a dip , tap and swirl method . Dip your brush lightly into the blush . Tap off any excess and then into the inside of the lid , take your brush and swirl around a little . Then with the brush , swirl gently onto your cheeks . A little color goes a long way with bareMineral products . If you need more color , repeat the procedure.And make sure you use a good blush brush with soft bristles for the best application . It took me a while to get this procedure down pat . But once I did , the results were beautiful . You also use the same technique to apply the Bare Escentuals powder foundation . Dip lightly , tap and swirl ... great results every time . And remember , with Bare Escentuals less is more !
 This is my favorite color blush , ca n't be without it . I could not find this in the stores & was disappointed until I found it here .
 I have been using BE for many years and I still love it . I have tried others and they just do n't stand up to BE . It has terrific coverage and is so light -LRB- not heavy -RRB- on the skin . Natural and Comfy ! This blush stands up to BE 's reputation , which is outstanding . This is a perfect Spring color . Though it looks dark on the site , it 's a nice pink-rose shade . I know I 'm going to enjoy it as much as all other BE products . Thanks BE and Amazon.com !
 This product is well-named - &#34; hint &#34; . It 's so easy to blend , and looks natural . It 's subtle , but it makes a big difference . Great product !
 I love the products and the Joyous Jennifer Blush is not exception ! Not too dark , gives a nice subtle blush ! Wonderful prompt delivery !
 goes on easy , so natural looking and stays on all day . I love this brand and this shade . So do others as it is sometimes hard to find at retail .
 I am a big fan of bare minerals foundation but have n't tried many of their other lines of make up . This was the first blush I bought from them and I love the color , but I did n't know it was also slightly shimmery and I am not a fan of that . However , I still use it and it looks great , very subtle and natural .
 This is my favorite blush and the color is very natural with a bit of a &#34; glowy &#34; look -LRB- not glitter -RRB- . Stores no longer carry many of the original colors so I was glad to find it on Amazon . Many of their blushes found in the stores have glitter in them which I do n't care for
 i have been using this product for sometime but when I went to order it from their web site it was unavailable so I decided to order from Amazon and was surprised that they had it in stock it arrived within 2 days .
 LOVE , Love , love it !! I have become a Bare Escentuals fanatic ! I get compliments on my skin all the time . Definitely easy to use . I used to sell high end cosmetics so I know all about application problems for users of blushes . Please try this . I have fair skin and red hair and this color works great for me .
 I am asian and fare skinned . This is by far my favorite blush and color -LRB- cheerful -RRB- . It has this small amount of shimmer but it gives you a glow . It does n't look like club rat makeup at all . It 's great for your daytime or nighttime everyday wear .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE bareMinerals ! I actually have a gift set that has the two blushes -LRB- joyous jennifer & sorbet -RRB- in the same container and one day they got mixed together on accident and well , it turned out to be a really nice shade !
 I have this blush in the Golden Gate shade and I absolutely love it . I usually use a fantail brush to dab on just a hint of color , but it 's easy to build this up into a more intense flush , if you so desire . It only takes a tiny , tiny amount of product to create a lovely color , so I am sure this small container will last until I am 90 years old -LRB- and I 'm only 30 now -RRB- . This is a cosmetic that 's well worth the money !
 I love this color . Not too pink , not too red , just the right blush color to wear .
 This is a terrific color for a perfect make up ! I have gone through so many different products then I found Bare Minerals . I ca n't see myself ever usuing another product again ! Thsi is a perfect color for my light skin and it is a color I can use in summer and winter no matter how much sun my skin has gotten!Update April 2010 . Now that my skin is 2 years older I have found that moisturizer is my friend . If I do not moisturize well before applying the powder can sit on my skin and look very powdery . As long as I do it well though BM still works as well as ever .
 I am always happy with Bare Escentuals products . I have tried other expensive brands like MAC and always go back to BE .
 This is a wonderful product . I have sensative skin so this works really well with the bare minerals foundation . It gives my face the right amount of color without looking too made up . Gives it that no-makeup look and looks very healthy and pretty .
 Another fine product from Bare Escentuals . I wanted to try their blush and man do I love it . Just like I adore all of their make-up products . None have ever let me down . Thanks , Bare Escentuals for yet another excellent product !
 I have never cared much for putting on makeup ... it 's a pain in the patootie , but I * love * Bare Minerals !
 The container was much smaller than I thought , however , a little goes a long way . Good color very neuteral .
 This color works great for those with golden fair complexions . It looks dark in the bottle , but on it 's a a soft pink glow like a soft real blush .
 Love this brand of make-up . Goes on dry and stays all day . Have used it for years and I use it every day .
 This product was among many of the same and was the only one priced at a decent rate . . Came fast actually a day earlier than what I had anticipated . I definitly will buy from this seller again my product was in perfect condition .
 I love Bare Escentuals products , and this blush is no exception . It 's a soft pink color and looks natural when applied . I highly recommend it to others who are fair-skinned .
 Like the other pare minerals products , this blush goes on smooth and looks very natural and pretty . Perfect for daytime . Love it!My only complaint is that the seller just threw it in a bubble wrap envelope . The product came undamaged , which is fine , but I would recommend the seller use a small box next time to avoid the potential for any breakage in shipping .
 This order was shipped to my house quickly and securely packaged . This sellar offered a excellent bargin . I have fallen in love with bare escentuals and though the description of the product color is better on the bare escentuals website , the price/shipping is much better on Amazon . Giddy pink is a nice soft baby pink , perfect for most skin tones even olive skin tones like myself .
 Bare Escentuals is the best brand ever . I love this shade of blush ... perfect mauve tone . It goes on smoothly and is always the right amount . Their other products are great too .
 Flowers - found at last . This shade is perfect for the winter burnt orange/coral sweaters as well as a summer brighter shade -LRB- with or without a tan -RRB- . Do n't panic when you see how bright it is in the jar - it goes on much lighter . Perfect for brown hair -LRB- okay , w/gray -RRB- and fair skin . So much better than the `` pinks '' that are all the rage now .
 I love this . Lasts a long time , too . I 've been using a sample I got three years ago and just now had to order a replacement .
 The powder that arrives in the small container can be blended with other powders or used on its own as a cheek color . The effect is more sun kissed blush than pasted on blush . It is superior in blendability and is almost essential when using the Bare Escentual products . ESCAPE is the color you want if you need a sun kissed look . It reminds me of escaping to the beach and coming home with a rozy glow . The color is powdery rose and makes cheeks look radiant . You will look especially healthy in this makeup and your natural radiance will be enhanced . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am a cosmotologists -- I have tried all kinds of make-up products -- nothing as great as this -- clean look-good coverage-light-natural and easy to apply.Don ' t be fooled by the small containers -- they last a long time-as you only need small amounts of this makeup ...
 To make this blush work I highly recommend using a blush brush or cotton ball and tapping off any excess , otherwise it will look chalky . Once you do that it is fantastic because the colors ar so warm and natural . I have this in Laughter , which is a muted warm coral shade with a bare hint of pinky rose in it . If you have a golden/warm tone complexion from pale to tan this color looks great . This also lasts a long time because it is highly pigmented compated to drugstore blushes , so a little goes a long way .
 I tried Escape , as recommended below , and LOVE it . I 've gotten tons of compliments on it . The color is just beautiful and it goes on so lightly -LRB- just make sure to tap off your brush !! -RRB- . I 'm really growing to love Bare Escentuals .
 This blush looks really dark in the container , so only use a small amount . But ... . this small amount goes a long way ! I am going to have this forever and the color looks nice on my light/medium skin tone .
 I love Bare Minerals , but I do n't always love paying full price for it . I have purchased many Bare Minerals products from Amazon.com , and I have been absolutely thrilled with the quality.This is the best blush I have ever used . I have fair skin and freckles , so many blushes tend to show up quite starkly against my skin , but this is so sheer that it 's just right . I 'd recommend this product in a heartbeat .
 This is the first blusher I have used that actually makes me look 10 years younger , glowing , fresh , and wonderful ! Great product !
 This blush is nice . It makes your face look naturally radiant . Easy to apply , like all Bare Escentuals products . I use it daily .
 This blush has a beautiful rich color . Unlike other powder blushes , it does n't fly around in a cloud around your face when you put it on , but stays put . So very little of the product goes a long way .
 this is my daughter in laws favorite make up . she says it is the best she has ever used .
 I have been using this product for quite a while now and I love it . The only thing I do n't love is the price and this merchant not only gave it to me at a better price -LRB- about $ 6.00 -RRB- less per item , I was happy to get it so quickly . Bare Essentuals and Sephora are very slow to get it to you.Thanks for the great service !
 I have been using Bare Escentuals for 3 years and wo n't even try any other makeup . Why mess with a good thing . My skin has never looked better . I started with the starter kit . Just like the CD tells you swirl , tap and brush on . Magic !!! Bare Escentuals Sephora Exclusive Get Started Kit - Fair -LRB- $ 174 VALUE for $ 60 -RRB-
 I am a big fan of Bare Essentuals ! I have tried every type of makeup , and would not go back to any of it . The blush is out of this world !! Goes on so smooth and weight-less . I would highly recommend it to anyone !!
 Bare Esscentuals bareMinerals SPF 15 FoundationI ordered this from Sephora and two other Bare essentuals items and they were extremely well wrapped and protected from any possible damage . Service was Excellent ! The items were sealed properly and in perfect condition . Arrival time was prompt .
 Finally , makeup that does not have red dye or other things I am allergic to in it ! I wish I had known about this makeup a long time ago . I use the foundation set -LRB- foundation , mineral veil , warmth -RRB- and have received compliments from persons at the clinique counters ! Clinique as other brands I liked still put red dye in so many items that I could not use them . I recommend BareMinerals to anyone that has acne-allergy related breakouts from makeup .
 I really like bareMinerals blush with my bareMinerals foundation . The two really compliment each other . The blush goes on easily with the Bare Escentuals angled blush brush , and really has a creamy look on the skin . Like the foundation , the blush can be easily layered for either a lighter or a more dramatic , darker look . Unlike the cream blush that I previously used though , this blush does not look very good by itself.I have pretty fair skin and dark hair , and the woman at the makeup counter recommended a pretty dark blush for me because it can be worn so lightly on the skin . Be aware when you order , if you buy a light color you will have to wear A LOT for it to show up on your skin .
 i love capture eye products.i have a few.they are great.but this one is to me the best i ever used.i would tell anyone looking for a great eye product , this one is great.any of the capture products are great .
 This soap is the best soap around . I work with paint , stain and general woodworking and this soap cleans and moisturizes my hands better than anything . The clean scent is wonderful .
 What more do I need to say , this stuff works . It is easy to apply and rinses off well . I like it .
 This hand cleaner works on all kinds of dirt , grit , and paint . So far , no matter what types of residue that I have on my hand , it comes off easily and quickly , with the cleaner . It also leaves a pleasant smell on my hands . I was surprised on how easy it was to get paint off my hands with the cleaner .
 Have n't used this product in over 35 years different than the hand soap but great soap gets the dirt and grease out
 I bought here both the bar style and this pump dispenser . I knew the bar-style from the ` old days ' usage . The bar-style gets ` soft ' on the bottom , even when elevated on a rack , but THIS works great .
 I do n't need a big bottle of hand cleaner . These little 7.5 ounce Lava liquid soap is perfect for my sink and it cleans your hands well and has a nice fresh scent . I bought 3 of them so I have a nice supply . I looked for these in many stores and ca n't find them . They are a great alternative to the lava bar soap . I love this !
 I love this hand soap . The pump is more convenient and less messy than the traditional Lava bar soap . I use it at the basement sink to clean garden grime off my hands and it works really well . It does not seem to dry the hands and does not leave an ` industrial ' type odor . I highly recommend this product .
 If you have someone in your house who likes to works at jobs in or around the House , Garage , Car Engines -LRB- oil -RRB- , Garden , or any dirty job that leaves hands stained . This is the product for you . Would highly recommend `` LAVA '' either bar or liquid cleanser . Do n't go out looking like your hands need to be scrubbed or embarrassed that you ca n't get the grime out . This is a good solution to dirty hands . Use it on the kids after play time .
 May seem to be a bit expensive , but not for a specialty soap . This is the liquid version of the same soap . It works just as good as the classic bar .
 Lava has always been the best soap for cleaning dirty hands but is getting harder and harder to find in the stores . This is a good source for those of us who work with our hands and get them dirty and greasy .
 Works just like the bar . still unsure if it 's more economical than buying the bars at costco ... the smell is much worse . With the bars , hands gets clean and no smell . With this , hands gets clean the same , but you are left with an obnoxious smell .
 I 'm an Engineer in the Navy and Lava Soap is one my underway -LRB- deployment -RRB- necessities.For a personal testimony , I grabbed Lava by chance , because it said it was heavy duty and that sounded useful , and while on my first underway I had a JP-5 -LRB- jet fuel -RRB- line bust over top of me and it became a very bad day . When finally I got to take a -LRB- water -RRB- shower , I was very happy to have bought the Lava Soap . It took about 30 minutes but I finally got all the fuel off and the burning was gone.I now buy several bars of Lava prior to getting underway . Any I have left over goes on reserve and I buy more the next time we get underway . I also use it in port . Pretty much I have about 8 bars in my rack at all times.As another testament , I was investigating a salt water leak that ran into an oily waste bilge yesterday and by the time that I was done , even with all my protective gear on , I was covered in oily gunky crud and smelled no better than I looked . Lava took care of the issue in about 10 minutes of washing.This will be my first time using liquid Lava , but it seems more useful than having to carry around a soap box for the bars , which are easy to slip out of hands .
 I have used ` Lava ' bar soap `` forever '' and was a tad skeptical about trying the liquid version because most of these from other companies just do n't seem to do the job as well . However , I was VERY pleased with this one and ... true to the ` Lava ' tradition ... I could feel grit in the liquid version . I still like the bar version but will be buying both for different locations throughout our house because we have a bunch of kitties who love to destroy the bars , whenever they can get at them . So far , they have n't figured out how to attack the bottles !
 This stuff cleans like a pumice soap should , but is relatively easy on the skin and has nice moisturizers to keep your hands in good condition . Takes off all sorts of grease and oil as well as paint and other harsh dried out junk . Just wish they still sold the extra large bottles .
 this soap from the makers of wd-40 is great for removing dirt , grease and oil from your hands , and it has a sweet smile . recommend it highly ! , I t is also available in bars .
 This is great stuff . I use it for tough hand jobs as well as a spot remover on clothes just before washing .
 I used to be an automotive adjuster for a major insurance company . I always see lava bar soap in most of the mechanic shop and bodyshops . I bought a few of them to try at home . It is very effective especially if you are the handyman type who loves to tinker with cars , house projects or just love to dig your hands in the dirty stuff . Works fast it removing grease and oil from your hands and skin . The pumice really works wonders . May seem to be a bit expensive , but not for a specialty soap . This is the liquid version of the same soap . It works just as good as the classic bar .
 I used to be an automotive adjuster for a major insurance company . I always see lava bar soap in most of the mechanic shop and bodyshops . I bought a few of them to try at home . It is very effective especially if you are the handyman type who loves to tinker with cars , house projects or just love to dig your hands in the dirty stuff . Works fast it removing grease and oil from your hands and skin . The pumice really works wonders . May seem to be a bit expensive , but not for a specialty soap . This is the liquid version of the same soap . It works just as good as the classic bar .
 When we do garden work our hands take a beating . The dirt is ground in to our skin and it is difficult to get our hands clean . When I was a boy , my mom used to keep a bar of Lava soap near the laundry tub just for this reason and it worked well . I think , though that the liquid Lava is even better
 This stuff is simply the best and we have used it for many decades , but WHAT happened to the BIG bottle of this stuff they used to sell ? It used to come in a 32-ounce red pump bottle , which was a much better deal and better for those of us who use a lot of this . While , for now , we still use this stuff , we have tried other brands and will choose to use one of the brands available in a bigger bottle in the future . These small bottles empty too fast and because of the small size , waste too much , as you can never get the last bit out . So , the more bottles you need to use , the more is left behind wasted . And , from an environmental standpoint , bulk packaging wastes less plastic/creates less pollution . I HOPE LAVA IS READING THIS !!! Otherwise , this is an excellent product .
 It makes no difference what the substance was that soiled your hands because Lava liquid will remove it -LRB- oil , smudge , stains , etc. -RRB- . Lava liquid is simply the best hand cleaner in the world . And Lava liquid has moisturizers that keep your hands fresh and soft .
 I have searched all over for the older style Lava that is heavy on the pumice , which really gets the tough grime out of your skin after working on machinery all day.This is not it . There is much less pumice and a lot more `` moistrizers . `` That said , this is still a lot better than GoJo and other porducts sold in Home Depot , Mennard 's , Lowes . Even the auto parts shops no longer carry the right stuff .
 It does n't matter what 's on your skin - permanent marker , oil , grease , automotive grime , whatever . You name it , LAVA will get it off . It 's as simple as that .
 I used to be an automotive adjuster for a major insurance company . I always see lava bar soap in most of the mechanic shop and bodyshops . I bought a few of them to try at home . It is very effective especially if you are the handyman type who loves to tinker with cars , house projects or just love to dig your hands in the dirty stuff . Works fast it removing grease and oil from your hands and skin . The pumice really works wonders . May seem to be a bit expensive , but not for a specialty soap . This is the liquid version of the same soap . It works just as good as the classic bar .
 The key ingredient in Lava soap is pumice - the lightweight volcanic rock that is actually solidified frothy lava and is the only rock on this planet that floats . It does a thorough job of cleaning your hands of the toughest dirt and grime . I always use Lava soap after coming home from my fishing trips . The finely ground pumice is mildly abrasive and thoroughly cleans the skin . This heavy duty soap is highly recommended .
 This is the best stuff , it worked wonders at OCS when we had no time . It gets all the grime off and thats about all you needed to know .
 This is an excellent product for removing dirt from skin , especially from hands after gardening . The moisturizers also work well , so it does n't dry out your hands .
 I ordered 3 pump bottles -LRB- cause i cant find lava anywhere -RRB- and they sent me the bars of soap . I was a little annoyed so i called them . They apologized , sent me the bottles and let me keep the bars . No extra cost . Nice ! thats why they get a 5 star . .
 I ca n't believe how hard it is to find this stuff . It 's great for ground in dirt .
 I love this product ! It 's as effective as the bar soap , but does n't get grungy -LRB- you know -- those dirty streaks you can never get rid of without breaking the bar -RRB- . And the liquid , with emollient additives , does n't dry your hands out as the bar does . The Lava bar was a staple in our house when I was growing up , and I learned to love that awful scent -- it 's always reminded me of my father -LRB- Lava and Old Spice -RRB- -- but I 'll take the liquid version over the bar nowadays !
 Product arrived as described and in a timely manner . Very pleased . Thank you .
 Fast ship and very nice pack . A wondeful source for this hard to find hand cleaner .
 This New England winter is brutal . The winds keep howling , the temps keep dropping and the snow is pounding us like we owe the clouds money . Every day I 'm bundling up and shoveling four feet of something -- snow , ice , stranded hybrids , Kennedys -- and I 'm done with it . I just wanted to find some way to warm up.Also , to feel my toes again and have my testicles crawl back out of my rib cage . But I settled for trying to warm up.I bought three of these bottles , HOPING that it would dispense real lava . Or at least something very , very hot . Like boiling oil , or molten steel , or Eva Longoria.No such luck . All that squeezes out of this thing is soap . And the package sat on my porch all afternoon , so it 's really cold , almost frozen soap . I wanted to warm my hands up , but I might as well have dipped them in soft-serve ice cream . If anything , using this product actually made them colder.On the bright side , my hands did get really impressively clean . If any fingers actually survive the frostbite , that 's going to be sweet .
 We were looking for a replacement at our Miniature Crape Myrtle Co. for a product that does not have the systemic effect of Roundup when drift from spraying also gets on the leaves of our Mini Crapes.We used this product and as advertised it killed small actively growing annual weeds within 1 day.Drift also does somewhat damage the leaves of the desirable adjacent Crape Myrtles but at least it does n't have the internal , systemic , long term effects of Roundup and also it is safer for our workers to use.I would recommend it .
 I found this perfume to be warm , smells slightly soapy with a fresh white musk dry down . Really very nice , pleasant smell . Lasts longer on my skin than the other CLEAN fragrances . Not citrusy like the original CLEAN . This one is little bit sophisticated but also fresh .
 Bought for my 17 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it . She says it is her favorite perfume . Shipping was fast , packing looked the same as the picture on amazon . That is all I can say about it .
 i love this beautiful parfum that reminds me of fine french soap . I love it because it is so feminine but without any `` fruit . '' i really dislike smelling like fruit . This fragrance has a clean , linen start but also a nice bit of floral . It does n't have the staying power of other purfum sprays , but it also goes on so much lighter and for me that is a plus . I can put it on and go straight to work without offending anyone or giving myself a headache . I would give it five stars if it lasted a bit longer , or were a lower price but for me I will continue to buy .
 I love the fragrance ; however , I 'm not convinced it was new as it was primed when I received it and not in a box , just wrapped in saran wrap . Overall , I 'm happy with the actual Clean Provence perfume . It smells fabulous !! = -RRB-
 I was very pleased with the product that I bought . I got it at about a quarter of the price and it came quickly . Very happy
 Clean Provence is a beautiful scent ... it 's very light but still has staying power . Definitely a clean scent , with a bit of sweetness . I love it !
 I am very sensitive to perfumes as I get migraines . But I love this Fresh , clean scent . It is something I can wear to work , casually or a dressier night . Just reminds me of a fresh field of flowers and clean laundry all at the same time . The only negative is that the scent does n't last all day or very long so I 'd bring a travel size or roller with you for touch ups during the day .
 Many times I see an Amazon price vs the list price and think `` how do I know it ever sells for the list price anywhere ? '' I was at a popular cosmetic store that occasionally offers 20 % off coupons but even more rarely are you able to apply that to perfumes . At that store this was at full list price . I liked the smell of Clean Provence as it smelled less soapy than their other fragrances . That said , like their other fragrances this only lasts a couple of hours tops . I decided to hold off on using the 20 % off coupon and checked to see if Amazon carried it and I 'm glad I did . Amazon carries this at 50 % off the list price . Got it in 2 days and its a good scent to wear to the office
 Clean Provence has a feminine fresh scent as advertised . My friends and family compliment me whenever I wear it . As if that were n't enough , I find that this fragrance , when applied liberally before outdoor activities , actually seems to repel mosquitoes ! I typically get bitten on average of 3x per mountain bike ride . However , since using this product I 've suffered no bites at all . . None ! Caveat
 I purchased this item directly from amazon.com -LRB- not from a third party seller on Amazon -RRB- and it arrived perfectly ! The fragrance was brand new , still in its box , and smelled just like the tester at my local Ulta -LRB- so no knock-off for sure ! -RRB- . I was one of the apprehensive buyers , expecting the item to be inauthentic , but to my relief , this item was 100 % original and new and at a much cheaper price ! I agree with other reviewers about the short lasting power of this fragrance , but the same happens with the other Clean fragrances that I have -LRB- Warm Cotton and Shower Fresh -RRB- . Clean fragrances usually do not last that long despite EDP strength . I will be buying from amazon.com in the future now that I know their products are new and authentic .
 Good fragrance for Summer ! I highly recommend it , pure freshness and nice smell of cleanliness and super nice soap . It wears out pretty quickly but still I like it ,
 This fragrance smells like Clean Laundry except unlike Clean Laundry it lasts much longer , and does not fade away because it is not as light.The fragrance becomes much more complex as you wear it through the day , and that is good as if you really wanted to smell like clean laundry , you would have to simply wash your clothes in some Tide .
 I bought this product for my Mom for Christmas and she loves it . She has many clean products and this is her special ` going out on special occasions ' perfume .
 I simply LOVE this perfume . However , the store where I used to buy it no longer carries this formulation . I easily found it through Amazon . It was easy to purchase , came quickly , and best of all , cost HALF the price of what I used to pay at the store . I will definitely buy it again .
 I always receive compliments when I wear any of the Clean Fragrances and this one does not disappoint . It is fresh and feminine and I never feel like it is too heavy or overpowering .
 Ca n't beat this price for such a great smelling product . CLEAN is a great brand but overpriced at some stores .
 This is my only daytime perfume . It smells like flowers and fresh herbs . I hate smelling like dessert -- vanilla , orange , berries , etc. . This one smells like perfume should . I find it lasts plenty long .
 i love the scent , not too strong and not too mild either . with the price , it is indeed a good buy . i will recommend this to those who want a fresh and clean scent : -RRB-
 Was shipped quickly and I received fast and not damaged . Box and product un used and I was very happy with entire experience .
 I was looking for a mascara-like product to cover my roots , and this product is great . You do have to wash your hands after applying it , but who cares when it looks good on . I use it to cover the roots around my face , and where I part my hair . I will buy one for my sister .
 I am a perfume junkie . I am now 35 and used to wear this scent EVERY DAY about 10 years ago and then , like , somehow forgot about it . I was carousing perfumes and thought of this one again and it was so inexpensive I could n't pass it up . It still smells as good as I remember and is still appropriate at my age now as it was 10 years ago . It is a floral , but not an overly sweet floral and you can smell the undertone of the almond wood making it ALMOST musky , but before it turns musky you smell floral again . It 's an intoxicating scent and among the other at least 15 perfumes I own , one of my husband 's favorites . It also lasts a long time , at least on me . Everyone 's chemistry is different !
 I bought this for my daughter and she loves it ! It 's a light , fresh and smells great !!! Great price , delivered quickly ! I will definitely buy again !!!
 I know perfumes are really a matter of individual taste and I know that perfumes react differently on people , but this perfume is wonderful . It is a clean refreshing scent that is good for any time of day or year . It is not too sweet , not too spicy and not too musky , but has characteristics of them all with a gentle hint of citrus.If you like flowery scents this one is not for you . If you like scents that are hard to pinpoint , you will like this scent . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I buy this brand perfume is for present for friends , good quality and low price.This product people all know that in China , they all like
 It smells like a spring in a bottle - really fresh , floral , fruity , powdery , but it goes away very fast . I need at least 5 spritzes to make it last two hours . But may be it was n't of the best quality ? I do n't know . All I wanted was to have a long lasting perfume . That 's why I did n't give it five stars . I bought 1oz . At least the price was good - about 25 $ .
 This has been my favorite fragrance since the 80 's . I have received so many positive comments whenever I wear it . This will be my favorite for many more years to come .
 I have worn Champs Elysees for years ! Customers have stopped and walked back to ask what I had on ! A man said `` I want to buy this for my wife ! '' A connection with the Tour de France when I wear this perfume ! Cheers !
 The perfume is amazing and arrived quickly . Service was quick and efficient . Champs Ellysee by Guerlain is an amazing perfume !!
 I got the Eau De Toilette spray very soon after I ordered , I love this french smell very much . thanks very much : -RRB-
 This perfume is the best ! it reminds me of Paris in the springtime , it smells as good as any of the the higher priced fragrances.It lasts all day , i have found that if i spray it in the bends of my arms and under my chin , it has a beautiful floral/musk smell that lasts all day and a few quick spurts , all night as well
 This scent is not too heavy , is fresh , feminine , and balanced ; and men comment favorably !
 One of my all time favorite scents . Soft but noticeable . I get lots of compliments when wearing it .
 I love that Amazon had this fragrance at an affordable price . The cheapest I could find the 3.4 oz Champs Elysees anywhere was for $ 76.00 . I saved a bunch buying this online . Oh , and did I mention that this fragrance smells so beautiful , and it stays on all day .
 I find this perfume to be very light and not at all overwhelming . I have never gotten any complaints about it . I tend to think it stops smelling very quickly when I wear it . I know after I put it on in the morning , I do n't smell it by the time dinner rolls around . I absolutely love the smell and it makes me feel so warm and inviting .
 I have been wearing this scent for almost 2 years , and I have yet to run into someone else who wears it . I get compliments all the time from people . It is a strong scent but it lasts the entire day !!
 This is a stunningly captivating fragrance that entices both men and women . A little spritz in the morning will last throughout the day and is not overpowering . It is sensual and sexy and makes a woman feel like a woman .
 I absolutely love this perfume . it is such a nice , pleasant smell . i get complimented on it all the time . very femanine , but not flowery or too strong .
 I 'll never tire of this lovely scent . I 've tried plenty of perfumes but nothing lives up to this one . It 's soft yet lasts all day .
 my dad bought me this perfume for christmas about 6 years ago and it 's been my signature scent ever since . it smells gorgeous , is n't overpowering and lasts for several hours . my co-workers always compliment me on it and asked me what it was so they could buy some themselves .
 Great buy , great product fast shipping . Same stuff you get at Nordstrom 's but oh my gosh how much you save . This is the BIG bottle and came fast , no breakage , the sprayer works . Never spend the dept. store money again .
 This is not a very well known fragrance . I bought it for my future wive . The eau de toilette is pretty much equivalent to eau de perfume . The scent is more in the tradition of channel number 5 - good for business , but not of the sweet kind . It is definitely more of a distinguished scent well suited for business .
 This might just be my favorite perfume ever ! Every time I wear it , someone asks me , `` What perfume are you wearing ? You smell so good ! '' It 's floral but not cloying , distinctive but not overpowering , and simply plain good smelling .
 I started using this fragrance years ago when it was first introduced.I fell in love with it . I knew immediately this was MY fragrance!I am always so delighted when everyone I come into close contact with tells me how nice I smell . No other perfume has brought me so many compliments.I was shocked when Guelain discontinued it a few years ago . I thought they had made a huge mistake.Now Iam glad to see it available on Amazon.Belive me I would rather go without wearing a perfume that wear anything but Guerlain Champs-Elysees . This is truly beautiful .
 My wife love 's this perfume -LRB- so do I -RRB- . When she ran out she was sad to find it was no longer stocked in our area and had to settle for a second choice . Since the holidays were approaching I decided to try and locate it . My first visit to Amazon.com produced the desired results . I FOUND the perfume , placed the order and received it when promised from the vendor . I was the `` HERO '' and became the benefichary of many thankful nights .
 Love , love , love this perfume and have been wearing it for several years . I always get compliments on it . It is a light floral fragrance and smells heavenly . Try it ; I think you will like it too .
 I am 15 years old , and so my mom and I agree this is a rather mature scent for me . My Aunt wears this perfume and when I was about 8 or 9 I told her how much I loved it - it 's like her signature scent ! Well , this Christmas 2012 my dad surprised me with it and I was so excited ! I had honestly forgotten about it but I 'm so happy it 's mine now ... I still love the smell of it . The bottle and packaging -LRB- which I saved -RRB- are both very elegant and pretty . I think it 's insane how long lasting it is . The day I got it , I did one spritz on my wrist and rubbed it in - and I could still smell it potently after 5 hours . Normally after a couple minutes with other perfume I 've used the scent fades away and no one can smell it anymore . And yesterday morning I did about three spritzes on my body at 9am - and this next morning at 7am I still faintly smelled it on my wrist ... which I have never ever had with any other perfume . So that 's a plus ! Definitely not all teenagers will like this perfume because it 's kind of floral-y and more mature ... but I personally love it so much & my friend thinks it smells great on me !!
 This fragance has become one of the big classics . Refined , lightly floral , so clean and transparent that everytime I wear it , I receive many compliments and of course , many ask what perfume is this ... The fragance is a gift to the senses so the name Champs Elysees makes honor to itself .
 I remember my mom really taking a liking to this fragrance back in the 90 's , so I was very pleased when amazon not only had this in stock but also at a great purchase price . It has a very floral/nutty smell which when aired out smells lovely . Definitely give this a try !
 1 bottle will last for years ! Its an evening scent for sure , too strong and pretty for daywear . I 'm not sure what the notes are but its heavenly . A definite must . I always get complimented by both sexes when I spray this on . It lasts until washed off . Buy !
 This perfume is smells so nice , clean , fresh , elegant , long lasting I get compliments all the time ! Very good price , also ! Highly recommend it ! Thank you much !
 Many years ago my daughter bought this perfume for me because she said it reminded her of who I am . Champs Elysees has become my signature scent , and get so many compliments . This scent is a classic that has proven it is fresh each and every time it is worn .
 Sweet Temptation shower gel by Victoria 's Secret , is another great sweet perfume and a great rich , creamy gel that leaves your skin so soft and perfumed and washes really well.It 's a perfect shower gel to spoil yourself a little .
 This is an incredibly hard perfume to find , and they offered it for a great price . It came quickly , although I did n't receive a notification that it had been shipped.This is my favorite perfume of all time . Love it !
 I absolutely love pure wish and i could n't wait to get it , thank you so much for the quick service and it arrived in pristine condition .
 Have tried 100 's of different hair sprays and find Nolita to be the best for my hair . I 'm a male and it does not leave a cake like feeling on my hair . I understand that they stopped making this product and that is a real shame .
 I recently broke my femur and was unable to get a shower/bath . A friend of mine told me that her mother used this product when she was in the hospital and claimed it was the best thing ever . I bought some just to try figuring an older woman with short hair would n't have the same experience I would but thought anything is worth a try . WOW !! Was I ever surprised . I have medium length hair and it 's colored . I could n't believe how well it worked . My hair was exceptionally dirty and it still cleaned it right up . My parents could n't believe how good it looked.Pros : Inexpensiveeasy to useconvenientworks extremely wellCons : Ca n't find in any local stores so have to pay shipping to get it.Just some tips for easy use the first time : Make sure you put a large towel around shoulders as the product is very watery -LRB- I expected it to be more of a gel -RRB- . My suggestion is to do the hair in sections , otherwise it tends to drip all over before you get to the other side . Also , I used a blow dryer and it made my hair very fluffy . I 'm not sure what it would be like air drying.This product would be an excellent option for anyone who ca n't get easy access to wash your hair the traditional way . My only wish is that I had known about it sooner !!
 Does what it is indended to do ; good for cleaning skin with out a water rinse . I find it good for cleaning irritated sensitive skin and often do give skin a rise as well .
 I live in Mexico and the hot water and water pressure are iffy at best . I bought the product thinking that it might be ` okay ' , but I was so wrong!Since it gets so hot here in the summer , I like to bathe more than once a day , but the shower head in my apartment comes straight down over my head , so it 's difficult to bathe well without wetting my hair.The body bath is like a gift from the gods ! It not only works , it works so well that I actually feel cleaner using it than if I had taken a shower!On days when the water pressure is really low , I do n't even miss getting a regular shower.The No Rinse Body Bath leaves absolutely no residue and I feel and smell very clean.I 've also taken it along when out on a boat or camping.This product is n't only for the bedridden , it 's great when you do n't have much water avaiable or just to conserve water , which is never a bad idea.A 16 oz bottle lasted me about 4 months of almost daily use .
 My mom uses it to care for my grand-mother who can not move . She has to be washed etc. ... while in bed , and having a no-rinse solution is great !
 Well I recently went camping in a desert environment and needed something that would take less water to wash with . Whether you dilute an ounce of this Body Bath in 32 ounces of water to dip your wash cloth in or you wet your wash cloth and squirt the Body Wash directly onto the wash cloth , this stuff works great ! It got me totally clean , no residue that I could notice , and my skin was soft with a nice scent afterward . I highly recommend this item for camping as well as for people that are looking for an alternative to the bath or shower .
 No Rinse Body Bath is a great product . My mother is 98 and we give her daily sponge baths . This product has made our lives a lot easier . Highly recommend No Rinse Body Bath .
 Add this to warm water in a dishpan for a bath . I am disabled so easy is wonderful . This product leaves me with a clean/fresh look and smell when I am finished . I feel better when I wash up . This is exactly what I need .
 This is a great cheap alternative toNo Rinse Cleansing & Deodorizing Bathing Wipes - 8 ea . Dilute some in a spray bottle with water and you have an anytime , anywhere super quick `` bath '' . Combine it with some paper towels or EZ Towels and you 're good to go .
 This thing works in a pinch during a little outback adventure , along with the No Rinse Shampoo . Sounds a bit iffy at first , but hey if it 's good enough for our astronauts then it must be all right ! Grab the gallon one if you have a big family , or for an extended outing to the amazon jungle .
 I purchased these before because the vendor packaged them well and shipped them quickly after the purchase.The vendor and the product are well worth purchasing .
 Really like this product . No Rinse Body Wash has a pleasant smell and there is no residue left on the body when it is not rinsed off .
 This item has a nice clean smell to it . It truly is amazing how it cleans up . I use it on a bed-ridden elderly woman I care for . I always wash her first with wet-wips to get rid of feces/debris , but then I clean up with this stuff .
 Previous review speaks of multiple uses and it is so true . We can save so much water by using these products and they work wonderfully !
 I discovered this product when I was hospitalized recently and decided I had to have some . I have even used it to shampoo my hair and brush my teeth when I forgot those items on a trip . Not great tasting - but it worked !
 This no rinse soap is an everyday product we use for bedridden grandma . We refill &#34; foaming bottles &#34; with this product . Highly recommended .
 This stuff is fantastic if you 've got a bed-bound person you have to bathe . Just sponge them down with it and you 're done . Smells nice , too . Less expensive than other brands and works just as well . Great stuff .
 This was purchased and transfered to smaller squeeze containers as part of the hygiene kit in the BOB 's we made for family members this Christmas . Just squeeze a little in a couple quarts water , dip in your washcloth then bathe . It 's not sticky and does n't leave a residue but it does clean and deodorize . I highly recommend it for anyone preparing for emergency situations wether it is hurricane , earthquake , SHTF or TEOTWAWKI .
 I have been reordering this product for 1 year and would n't consider changeing products . It works very well and has a lovely scent . My husband 's skin is very delicate because he is bed bound and he has had no skin irratations since using this product .
 This is a really nice helpful product to help take care of ailing parents who are unable to bathe . No one really thinks about it until you have to .
 Confession time . I do n't know why , but I 've gotten where I put off taking a bath for way too long . I 'm retired , and I tend not to leave the house unless I have to , so I know lack of a schedule is part of it ; but my grandmother hated to bathe , so maybe it 's a genetic thing . Anyway , I finally faced up to the fact that I just do not want to get in the bathtub or shower and sought an alternative.I mixed up some of this no-rinse concentrate and put it into a spray bottle , which I use to spray on my hair until it is wet . Then I scrub my scalp really well with it , towel dry , and style . It works fine as a no-rinse shampoo . The little bit of residue is almost like a light styling lotion and helps keep my fine , short , curly hair looking good for longer.But the real pleasure comes from mixing up some in the bathroom sink and scrubbing myself all over with a Salux cloth , which works wonderfully to exfoliate the skin and is large enough to use as a backscrubber -LRB- like you would a towel -RRB- . This No Rinse Body Bath works very well to get me clean and fresh-smelling with little effort . I can take a whole bath quickly standing at the sink or seated on a bathroom chair , and then it 's just a matter of toweling dry ... or , as I do sometimes , just air-drying . The cloth rinses clean and can be hung to dry -LRB- quickly ! -RRB- , and I 've hardly used any water at all . I plan to keep a small spray bottle by the toilet for a quick spritz when needed . I 'm pleased with this product .
 I am in a nursing home and the No Rinse products are fantastic for bathing in bed . I am going to use it at home for those `` I need a quick bath and or hair wash '' moments . Good for anybody that 's sick , laid up or disabled and showering and bath tubs are just too difficult and dangerous .
 This is an extremely good body cleaner . The dirty water left in my sink convinced me that it cleaned . But all that dirt from me ? Today , I gave it the acid test . No shower or bath , but cleaning my body with this product and taking my annual physical examination . Doctor and EKG technician could not tell the difference between using this product and a shower except for a slightly pleasant smell .
 Some of the reviewers who are n't getting excellent results might be overlooking the `` Towel dry '' part of the instructions . The Body Bath makes it so that your old perspiration and body oil can get rubbed off of you onto a towel.I first discovered Body Bath back when I used to go camping , about 25 years ago , and I wish I had known about it way before then . Now I use it at home because I 've started feeling the same way as Diane in Georgia does . My dad hated bathing and now I do too.Occasionally I 've had the same thing happen to me with the stickiness that R. King mentions , and I discovered that , on me , it 's because my skin did n't get clean enough during the first sudsing.After trial and more trial , here 's what I figured out about using the Body Bath :1 . All your old perspiration and body oil goes onto the towel when you towel yourself dry , so keep turning the towel to a clean place as you go along . Sometimes I need 2 towels .2 . Do n't let the Body Bath dry on your skin . Towel off while your skin is still wet .3 . Rub the solution around on your ` pits , feet and , uh ... certain other areas of your body - you know - a little more than you would with regular soap .4 . If a section of your body is still sticky after you towel off , soap it up again and dry off again with a clean part of your towel . Now that place should be clean and smooth .5 . If the water 's hard , it might need more Body Bath to overcome the hardness.Sometimes I do the same as White Rabbit and squirt the Body Bath directly onto the washcloth . I know enough is on the washcloth when it makes light suds on my skin . No suds = Not enough Body Bath .
 Great for children or the elderly . It 's also a great item for camping circumstances and something for your earthquake preparedness kit .
 I have used this product for years . It is easy to use , and there is no itching or residue . I first used it post-op , then realized that I could use it for other times as well . I use it when I go camping for sponge baths , and anytime I want to freshen up and do n't have access to a bath or shower . I 've even used it on my dogs when they need a quick cleaning up . I keep No Rinse Body Bath in my travel bag at all times , and has come in handy on many occasions .
 My grandaddy has Alzheimer 's , and my grandma takes care of him . He is completely dependent upon her , and is really hard to maneuver . She 's too proud to hire anyone to help , so this helps keep her from having to actually get him in and out of the tub several times a week . I also get the no rinse shampoo to go with it . She says it works well , and whenever I see him , he always smells and looks super clean !
 Of the many variations here , we have used only the No Rinse Body Bath . It is a terrific product ! It 's hard to find an excellent product at a reasonable price these days -- I 'm constantly on that mission . This product is sometimes found in camping or medical supply stores for a crazy retail price , but even there , you 'll not have wasted your money.The sources here via Amazon are amazing.We HIGHLY recommend this product for patient care , travel , camping , and any wise person 's storage program!No Rinse Body Bath - 16 fl oz
 I have used No Rinse Body Bath for years it works very well for my handicapped mother who can not get into the tub .
 This is by far the best thing I have found for caming and hunting where water is hard to come by .
 I have a mentally and physically chalend son and I have a bad back so I can not bath him in the tub.The soap works great .
 I bought this body bath for `` in case '' . But I find that I use it often , mainly on the days I do n't feel very well or simply have little time for a full shower . It leaves me feeling clean and my skin soft , and its light fragrance is very pleasant . I always feel as if I 've just stepped out of the shower ! I love the fresh way it makes me feel . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !
 No Rinse Body Bath 16 ozWe use the No Rinse Body Bath to bathe a family member who is unable to get in the tub and has a lot of discomfort trying to take a shower using a bath chair . Love the fresh clean scent of the product and how it makes the skin feel after cleansing . You do n't have to rinse it off , just towel dry . Will continue to purchase this excellent product .
 This is a great product for sponge bathing between showers . The user is home-bound and does not get in the shower everyday . I will not be without this product in the future .
 ... you 're required to use water unlike the shampoo . I did use this one day and it worked fine but I LOVE the shampoo that does n't require water to work . Maybe the soap idea was too complicated to make that way.Anyhow , one less star because of having to use water . 4 stars because it 's a great concept and works .
 I have used this product for the past 40 years ! Yes it 's been around that long ! It is the best that I 've ever tried , and I 've tried a couple of others over the years when I could n't find Jolen . I use it on my face and arms and it does a great job bleaching in just 10 to 15 minutes . Used according to directions it has served me well and I highly recommend it . It leaves skin smooth and if it gets a little red some aloe vera relieves it in a few minutes . I do n't know what I would do without it ! I am so thankful they still make it and it has n't changed all these years ! A great value !
 Love this lip gloss ! Tried it after reading about it in a fashion book & it is perfect for that nude lip look without being too pale or sheer . I especially love to wear it with nude colored lipstick underneath . The clicking twist up dispenser is kind of annoying but not that big of a bother so 5 stars !
 I am purchasing my 3rd bottle and one as a gift !! I receive SO many compliments on this everytime I wear it ! It 's a sexy , subtle scent without being overpowering !
 This scent is beautiful and it lasts a very long time . I try other perfumes but always return to this one .
 I love how this smells . It definatley reminds of Angel but it is actually very cheap . So you can not beat the smell for the price .
 This was a gift and they loved it ! Great price ! Every time I wear this I get tons of compliments !
 Abollutely gorgeous scent . I 've used it before and do n't waat to be out of it at any time . Will recommend to anyone .
 I always get compliments when I wear this scent . It works for both day at the office as well as going out at night .
 A caramelly-vanilla deliscious concoction , it will remind you of something wonderful to eat but is more complex than today 's sweet fragrances.It 's a mystery why this perfume apparently never `` caught on '' and thus is available here for a great price . Smells expensive and best for fall/winter . Reminds me a bit of Angel and Chantilly , if that makes any sense . One spritz is nice and not too loud for the office , but this could be a special date-night fragrance as well . Unique aroma that not everyone is wearing and great value .
 I like the scent of Wish , but I love Casmir even more ! The price can not be beat for either bottle and the service was great .
 Ordered the brand new product thru Amazon , free shipping and timely shipped . It was for my Mother 's Birthday and she was very excited . I had purchased before in the Bahamas and could not find in the US .
 Good price and lovely scented perfume . It has been my favorite for many years and it is nice to find it on amazon .
 If I new that shipping was almost as much as the cost of this product - I would n't have bought it . Unfortunately , my sister did it for me .
 I love this fragrance . It smells so good . I feel great when I have it on .
 This smells great . Not everyone it smells the same on . I guess its your chemistry . I love it . It is my super 's wife 's favorite . I purchased it for a christmas present .
 i had bought my first wish at a duty at the airport when i was going back home . . two days later my sister in law is all over me and how nice smelling my room was , my clothes and the air around me . . she wanted it so much that she wanted me to give up my bottle to her . . well its a ` gem ' from shape to smell and i wouldnt do that.a few minutes later . . i was online , found it on ` amazon ' and three business days later i was giving her a ` wish ' ... i have not given anybody a better gift on a better day . . its is sensual , woody and has a flair of erotic . Do you have a ` wish ' ?
 Every time I wear this , I get compliments from both men and women . I am almost out and hopefully Santa will bring more !
 The scent was as I expected , but the color seems different than the color of the same perfume I got in a cosmetics store a while ago . Also , the scent does not seem to last as long as the scent of my original perfume . But it 's a good purchase for the price .
 Smells really nice ... One small problem , I went to a store and picked one up , had a different color than the one I bought from here -LRB- online -RRB- . Both have similar scents and are great though !
 I tried so many samples before I bought this eau de parfum . This one really stuck . It is a nice fragrance , not overwhelming and a great deal for the price .
 No surprises . Was exactly what I was looking for . Is a gift for my wife . Smells GREAT .
 When I first found this perfume I had to get it in Europe at two to three times the price . Amazon is the most reliable place I have found to purchase Wish . It has a delicate fresh scent that is very appealing as one gets closer to the wearer . I feel that there are faint musk and oriental undertones . If I 'm looking for something a little heavier , I use Obsession . Many people comment on how much they like the fragrance .
 I have worn this perfume since my freshman year in high school and I absolutely love it . I always get compliments on the scent . It smells delicious and the bottle is also super cute , the only issue I 've had is that the little ring on the top of the cap has come off , but you can put it back in place . Buying this on amazon is a steal because in stores it costs $ 60 + . Love this !!!!
 A wonderful perfume that would work well for both day and night . Long-lasting and not too &#34; intrusive &#34; , even if you overdo it.More to the sweet side , but not overly sweet , just well balanced . The price is also very good for this perfume . Very happy I found it on Amazon .
 This scent is so sultry . I get compliments on it often . I wear it both day and night , but favorably for night life .
 This is the best smelling Vanilla I have smelled in a long , long time . My roommate wears it and now I have to buy it .
 I have been wearing this scent for at least 10 years ! Truly ! It really is the best vanilla scent out there . It 's light and sweet , not overpowering . My husband absolutely loves the smell of it on me . Nothing out there compares , try it and you will see what I mean.Michele Thomas
 The item is the right one ! I was afraid I would not find this fragrance anymore , as Victoria 's Secret stores seem not to carry it any longer . I was adviced to search for it online ... and I found it here ! It is exactly what I was looking for . The item arrived between the suggested timeframe . I would re-order always that you keep selling it : -RRB-
 I 'm a big fan of vanilla smells . But not overpowering . My wife had a bottle of this , and used it sparingly over years because VS had discontinued it . But VS got so many complaints , that they had to bring it back . Personally , it 's a very subtle scent , very aromatic , and it 's my favorite that she wears . I bought several bottles in case they decide to discontinue it again . Seems like the nice elegant scents like these are being replaced with the pungent `` seductive '' scents destroying the air I breathe . I hope VS keeps this one around now .
 -LRB- This is the first Amazon review I have ever written ! -RRB- I 'm a frequent shopper of Escential lotions and oils . I particularly love their China Patchouli scent
 I 've been using my Nuress tanning system for about 2 months now and I absolutely love the results . The color achieved is more like that of a tan from the sun than of any other spray-on tanning product I 've ever used , it dries the fastest and has the most pleasant scent . It does require some practice to get it perfect , but once you do , you 'll never want to venture into the sun again . I want to express the importance of properly exfoliating prior to spraying yourself for the best result and the barrier balm is not worth the price-vaseline works better and goes much further . You must use it on all of your `` dry '' spots
 I just want to say that I 've tried other tanning solutions and I like this one the best . It smells way better than the Mystic tanning solution . I would give it five stars but I have a couple of complaints.The first is the bottle that comes with the kit is only 6.8 fl oz . I have done one tan so far and the bottle is almost empty . I bought a Mystic tanning kit last year and it came with a 32 fl oz . bottle and I used it all summer . I even still have some left over . A 32 oz bottle of Mystic tan only costs $ 39.95 . and Nuress currently only gives you an option to buy a 16.9 oz refill bottle for $ 49.95 so I think Mystic is a better bargain.My second complaint is the air compressor is too powerful . You can adjust the amount of spray that comes out but setting the adjustment knob too low makes the spray come out too faint . I think an adjustment setting for the compressor would have been a good solution.Overall it 's a great kit if you can afford the $ 50 for a 16.9 oz . refill bottle . Give me at least 32 oz for that price and this kit will dominate Mystic !
 This tanning system is great . The first time I used it was a bit messy , I had some streaking because I was n't really sure what I was doing . I 've really got the hang of it now and it 's really easy to spray tan your whole body on your own ! This is so much more cost effective than going to a mystic tanning salon . The color is great , not orange at all ! It 's a great investment .
 After reading reviews on Amazon -LRB- and other sites -RRB- of just about every reasonably priced spray tanning system , I bought this one . I figured it 'd be kind of cheap , and assumed that many of the positive reviews were fake and written by the sellers -LRB- my general assumption when buying anything online -RRB- so paid closer attention to the negatives than the positives.Given that I bought it but expected the worst , I was blown away by how well it worked . My husband and I have now had it for a month and a half , and used it prior to numerous parties -LRB- we are swingers , so highly social and often naked with other hot , young couples -RRB- . Kudos and compliments all around , people who 've seen our tans love how natural they are . In fact we know several couples that now went and bought the same system.We do n't work for the company or any reseller . We really do use the product for our own tanning . And we love it . The cost is less than 3 trips to the spray tanning salon -LRB- husband and I combined -RRB- so it immediately paid for itself since we use it every week.Experiement with the sprayer and your motion . We found it best to set the spray volume to the absolute minimum -LRB- just at the point where nothing comes out -RRB- , so spray in quick , broad strokes , and to apply a 2nd coat after letting the first dry for a few minutes . Perfect tan every time .
 I have used this machine for 2 years no and yes its a bit messy but if you clean up immediately afterwards you will never know the difference . The tan lasts for me 2 weeks LOVE IT !! Unlike the tanning places this stuff does n't rub off on your clothes and if it does -LRB- after the initial spray -RRB- it washes right off and does n't stain . Will use it forever !
 I have been using the nuress tanning salon for 2 summers now . I do not use it during the winter months . I first used the system in the shower and had a complete mess to clean up . I then set up a tanning booth in the basement with some cheap shower curtains and it works perfectly , because my basement is old and nobody sees it . I always have my husband spray me because I honestly do n't think I could manage it myself . I have been very pleased with this tanning system and like the end results . I can get the tan to last about 7 days , but often times I will rub on some sunless tanning lotion to darken it up if I 'm away from home . The product does get on clothing and bedding , but always washes out nicely . A few tricks I 've discovered , is you need to be fairly inactive for a few hours after applying and I always stand in front of a fan for a while afterwards to make sure it is completely dry . Do n't sweat because it will streak . I always use vaseline on the dry patches on my heals , toes , and fingernails . You kind of learn the `` tricks of the trade '' such as shorter showers and pat dry with a towel rather than rub . My only complaint really is that the solution is $ 49.99 for a 6 oz bottle . One bottle will last me about a month -LRB- 4 sprays -RRB- . Overall I 'm happy with the product and a lot of my friends do compliment me on my tan and ca n't believe it 's a spray tan .
 Has anyone used salon bronze from sallys is this better and how so i currently spend 8.00 a week on my home tanning salon bronze and I am satisfied most the time but if there is better and it is worth the price I would like to try it , I spent 15.00 for the kit gun and refill and 8.00 a week for refill Im new to spray tanning so this is all i have tried . I would just hate to spend so much more money for same results thank u
 I had been wanting to get a machine to get a great spray tan at home , without with high cost of professional machines . I did my research , and this was the only machine that I was able to find that had a lot of reveiws period , let alone such good ones . I was nervous that it was so inexpensive and was afraid that I would get what i was paying for , but I was so happy when i got my Nuress machine ! i used it for the last time last night and it was amazing . The 8.5 % solution was great and didnt go orange . The machine worked great and produced great results !! I have already been telling all of my friends about how graet it is !! I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a great tan at home !! i now swear by this system !
 Let me preface this by saying I 've tried all kinds of products for my very thick , very unruly hair . I use a hair dryer and flat iron daily if not twice
 I have very fine hair that is usually bogged down by hair serums and seems greasy . This lotion does n't do that , makes it shiny and less fuzzy . I color it too and this briings out the highlights . I wish it were available locally . Wonderful stuff !
 I love this product which beautifully shined up my dull , frizzy hair . The shine lasts in-between washings .
 I tried this years ago , and could not believe it ... the ONLY thing I can not stand . . is the SMELL ... omg ... strong perfume , like mens cologne ... it does not stay toolong , but the benefits outweight the stink ... I have tried ALL the others and they are thick , and within hours your hair is sticky and oily with still frizz , but not with this . Others say they love the smell , I guess it 's an indiviual thing , I am not much for strong perfumes , wish they made it with no smell ! Lasts a long time , only need a few drops , what I find it is like silk on your hangs , it glides ... on with ease . Buy it !
 My hairdresser has always used this stuff on my hair and I finally had to look at the bottle to see her secret to great looking and smelling hair ! I have straight fine hair that is a little bit dry at the ends . This serum makes my hair look healthy and gives me a pulled together look every time . I really love the smell and that 's actually why I bought it . Definitely worth the money !
 This is a very necessary part of styling my hair ... after all the hot tools such as a straightner , blow dryer and curling iron over the years and not to mention coloring my hair tends to get very . My hair stylist carried this product in her salon and after seeing the reults after one useage I was hooked . A little goes a long way ... I use a few drops when wet and then before I use any heated irons and blow dryers . It seems to really do the trick with smoothing the hair cuticle . It 's on th epricey side but well worth the investment because a little does goes a long way ... and what I left on my hands because it is oil based I rub into my skin for a moisturizer !
 I love this stuff . A little goes a long way . I love the smell . My hair is so silky .
 This is an excellent product . I 've used it for years . Not only does it make my hair silky , it smells WONDERFUL !
 I bought this product while I was a cosmo . student and ever since I have been buying it . Its great very light weight not heavy on the hair at all !! And it smells great !! I recommend all the whole AlfaParf line !!
 This perfume is great very light yet sweet . My order arrived fairly fast after ordering it . I assure you that you will be satisified after purchasing this fragrance . Like I said if you 're looking for something light and airy this would be a great fragrance for you and just leaves you with a clean smell . Enjoy !
 This is one of my favorite Demeter scents so far . It is delicious and alluring , mouth-watering bananas , a hint of warm rum -LRB- wo n't leave you smelling like you 've been drinking though -RRB- and a dry down of just a pinch of baked nutmeg and cinnamon bread . Surprisingly , this is not cloying or that overtly synthetic banana flavoring I absolutely detest . I suggest layering it with ginger cookie or one of Demeters chocolate scents for a fully gourmand experience .
 This product is nice ! it smells just like chocolate !! only problem is it does NOT last long at all , that is a bit disappointing .
 This perfume smells amazing and I definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to smell like chocolate chip cookies . : P
 Not going to lie , I 'm a dude who hates that Brute cologne type smell , I really do n't understand why men and some women enjoy that used wet sock smell . I wanted to smell exotic or tasty so I tried the Banana Flambe . Wow ... just wow . I used that for a few months then just recently tried the Orange Creamsicle . WOW x100 . That really smells like an orange ice cream push up pop 100 % just like it . People who are near me always ask me what I am wearing and say its incredible . I 've not tried anything else from Demeter but these two are winners . Without question the best smelling things I 've ever come across.holy crud , you have no idea how many women asked me what I am wearing and sniffed me ... 10/10 better to buy on Ebay though as they are a little cheaper .
 I , too , was initially put off by the price of this product . I got it on a cruise ship in a spa and I guess I was feeling indulgent . But it has really helped . I 've lived most of my life in Hawaii and nothing is going to completely obliterate the sun damage , but I think this product is worth the cost . Best part -- you only need to use a very small amount . This tube has lasted me about 2 years !
 I have used this product for about ten years , as needed . As a matter of fact , I used it initially on a bad case of rosacea , and after a few days was never bothered by that skin condition again . My husband uses it for redness on his face , it calms the skin right down . It 's a very gentle cream , very effective , and worth every penny .
 I was a little concerned about the price of this product . But , I have been trying to deal with rosecea for years with only minimal results . This product is wonderful . It has made a huge difference in the look of my face . And , even though the price is a little high , this little tube will last a year or so . It 's a great product .
 Although there is no real cure for rosacea , this stuff really calms my red cheeks and makes my face feel wonderful .
 I put this on my red and scarred face every night for the past two years and man-o-man has it made a difference ! I can no longer see every single scar and discoloration from my past acne trauma and my face glows like never before !
 I have very red skin on my face especially my cheeks and I have used this product for months now and no longer have to wear makeup everyday .
 An esthetician introduced me to this product . If you have naturally-red/pink skin like mine , you spread a very small amount over your face after astringent and before makeup . The result is that your skin is not pink ! It does not feel heavy.It may seem expensive , but it works and you only need a tiny amount .
 I love this perfume . I have been wearing it since highschool . It is a very light pretty scent . I get lots of compliments on it . If you are looking for a scent that is not over powering or spicy this is a perfect choice .
 Refreshing ! Great for avoiding those pesky little `` no-see-ums '' whopop out in the evenings .
 Pros : - Very refreshing in the morning or after a workout-My face has never felt more hydrated -LRB- I also use a toner and a cream at night -RRB- - As an expirament I tried it to revitalize my tired curls during the day , and it worked like a charm ! I was so very pleased to see them return to their original curliness with less friz and none of that gummy weight that my normal curl revitalizer gives them . I think I use it now more on my hair than my face ... Cons : - The scent is a little strong for me ; so I think that next time I will try no scent or a different scent .
 My aunt gave me a bottle of this perfume for Christmas and I really like it . It 's not too strong . : - -RRB-
 Axe `` Touch '' was by far the best scented shower gel they have ever made . It 's NEVER too strong , even directly out of the shower . It lasts a long time at an even distribution of scent . It was such a good scent actually I should actually say smell . It is more of a smell of your body ... not some kind scent they try to cover you with . ALL the women I 've been with since I started using , have just been aroused by the smell . Even in passing close by ... I 've seen woman take in a large deep breath . Which ... come on guys ... that 's not too bad to see either ; -RRB-
 I found this body wash in a store that handled close out and discontinued product for my fiance . He really enjoyed the body wash . We went back to the store where I bought it and they did n't have anymore and could n't get any in stock . I 'm so glad that I found it online . My fiancee can only use axe products around me as the smell from other products such as Old Spice make me sick .
 I like this particulr axe because it does drive me crazy to smell it on my husband but most of all it is my husbands favorite one . There are a couple out there that he likes but he prefers this one . Thanks for sending the order quickly .
 I 'm very happy with the product . It helps my hair texture and I use it often to soften my hair .
 yes !! this product is amazing ... just what i 've been looking for . it is a wet substance so , dont dry your hair and then apply this product because its gon na get back puffy . overall 5 stars for me ; YES !!!!!!!!!!
 I have thin hair that ca n't tolerate cheap hair care products that tend to weigh them down with residue . I have been using Nexxus Assure Replenishing Nutrient Shampoo for several weeks and I 'm very happy with the results . My hair is soft is shiny . A little bottle of this shampoo goes quite a long way as a dime size amount of product will lather up my hair just fine . I recommend it to anyone who has fine hair !
 The linden smell in this perfume is awesome.Like no other perfume I smelled before.Bought it for my wife and she likes it a lot .
 I do n't know what there is about America for men , but this is my second bottle of it . I really like it . The fragrant is very pleasant , light , not strong and seems to linger . I wear it mostly for lighter occasions and during the day ... advancing to Dolce Gabbana for more important events . Since it 's 5 ounces , I can only say that with a few other fragrances , this seems to last forever .
 I love it ! its not longer is stores ... my favorite Perry Ellis cologne . . by the way the delivered it really fast ...
 I love this stuff -LRB- as does my girlfriend -RRB- and find it is no longer available in stores . This is a very good buy .
 Huge bottle , great fragrance . I could see how this cologne could be over looked , but it is well worth the money and it 's cheap ! What more could you ask for ?! I love when my bf wears it !
 This is a great cologne . The scent is very unique and many people -LRB- especially girls -RRB- have commented on how nice it smells . A good buy !
 This cologne is very nice . . quiet conqueror , real nice soft smell , but manly , I was hesitant at first , I smelled this in J.C. Penney 's on a piece of paper . . and thought . . good LORD , I 've got to get that . . and glad I did , I have received so many compliments . . even dudes saying . . `` say bro ' , what is that you are wearing . . now do n't get me wrong . . I 'm all ladies man
 I enjoy the scent of Perry Ellis `` America . '' Not too strong , but it 's unique , warm aroma has staying power . It tends to cling and linger around the wearer for hours . I 've had many , many women remark about how much they like the scent .
 For two years now I have purchases Tan Towels . I love the way it goes on evenly and it does not come off onto your clothes . Definitely going to purchase more in the future .
 have n't tried yet , but will be in a couple of weeks - got it to take on a cruise to the Caribbean with me - as do n't want too much sun exposure but want to look like i have a tan !
 I 've been buying White Shoulders for my wife now for about 27 years . In stores I 've frequently paid double what I paid for this package , yet this one is the same quality , fragrance , and size . You also get a couple of extras , which is very appealing icing on the cake . No need for me to take the time or effort to brave the mall at Christmas , because it came right to my door ! What a deal . Shipped fast and free , and my wife loves it .
 I ADORE this cologne and was thrilled with my purchase of the cologne , body lotion and parfum -LRB- perfume -RRB- . Service great , fast delivery , I ca n't find this anymore in the better department stores so I was thrilled .
 I grew up as a child loving the way my mother smelled ... I remember seeing her use White Shoulders when she was going out ... I loved the way she smelled afterwards ... My Father would always buy her White Shoulders for her Birthday or Christmas as it was her favorite ... Now I wear it and every time I apply it I have lovely memories of my Mother ... It 's an ageless classic just like she is ...
 White Shoulders appears to be difficult to find . Happy that I was able to buy this product from you
 Bought this as a gift and was thrilled to find the product at this price ! Usually have to spend a lot more in department stores . This was a great buy and will buy from again when need to purchase this item in the future . Thank you for the great service !
 White Shoulders is all I have used for years . Usually spend big bucks in the local department stores . This is a great buy and where I will come looking next time and when I am looking for a great gift too !
 This is a classic perfume . I believe that White Shoulders is one of the first fragrances produced by Evyan of New York City in 1945 . It is a classic floral perfume . I sprayed this perfume on myself many years ago and I was hooked with its rich smell and I discovered that the fragrance lasted all day.I was nervous about purchasing it again since Evyan was sold to Elizabeth Arden and I had used up all my `` Evyan originals . '' So I took a chance and bought it through Amazon . How pleased I was when I discovered that the formula was not changed and bought it at a great price.This is an incredible fragrance and I always get compliments when I wear it . No , it is not an `` Old Ladies '' perfume ANYONE can wear this fragrance .
 What a GREAT purchase ! I first received White Shoulders as a gift in High School . I 've always loved it , but it was a bit pricey . When I saw this set on Amazon , I knew I had to have it . I 'm adding it to my list of things to buy my nieces for Christmas .
 This was purchased as a gift from me to my mother . I do n't particularly love it , but she does and always has !
 The products arrived promptly , and were in good shape when they arrived . I thought the shipping costs were a little high , but over all a good value for the money , and easy to transact .
 GOOD PRODUCT . WAS A BIRTHDAY GIFT . PERSON WAS VERY PLEASED . A.A.D. mA .
 i have been wearing this frangence for about 43 years . it does n't bother my allergies as any that i have tried .
 Many of todays fragrances just plain stink to me ! It is rare for anything to stand out and claim to be absolutely feminine . -LRB- Calvin anyone ? -RRB- Use sparingly girls ! Just enough to make him get real close to entice him with your womanly allure.Flowers , elegance , sophistication that 's what I think about . The dance ! His breath on your neck , Your quickened heart . A budding flower that opens right in the palm of his hands . Been around since 1949 , Right at the start of the Baby Boom ! Coincidence ? Try it and find out !
 White Shoulders By Evyan For Women . Set-eau De Cologne Spray 4.5 oz & Body Lotion 3.3 oz & Parfum .25 oz Mini
 I was so surprised when I saw the size of the large bottle of spray perfume . A real bargain and a scent I used when I was a teen . Very good buy .
 Cologne Spray arrived quickly , packaged well , and as advertised . We bought this as a gift and our gift receiver loved it .
 Love this perfume . The only one I use . Have used this product for many years . Wonderful smell . Not overbearing like some perfumes are .
 My wife used this cologne when we got married a long time ago.Whenever she is about to run out I replenish it for her . It is muchless expensive at Amazon then at some retail stores -LRB- that is if youcan find it -RRB- .
 gift was received by the party earlier than expected . Receipant was delighted with the gift set and says she will wear it forever .
 Wife loves this product , but it is hard to find locally . Happy to find it at a good price too .
 It 's the only perfume , cologne I can wear that my husband likes & my allergies do n't bother me . I love it & have been wearing it for years . Also the price was excellent ! Hope it stays that way .
 This was bought as a gift . The recipient loved it and has recommended to me . I would definitely buy this again and do business with you . Shipping was quick , on time and packaged well . Everything that was promised was delivered .
 Wife loves this stuff as her grandma use to wear and I bought it for her to remember her grandma by . The product was brand new and the pricing was great compared to other prices I saw for this ... quick shipment as well
 My mom has always loved this perfume ! I was glad to be able to find it , and at a reasonable price .
 This gift boxed set for White Shoulders was delivered on time and was no small package ! It is the authentic perfume and not some knock-off ! I purchased this set for my mother because it was a fragrance that I remembered her wearing when I was young and just opening the box and getting the first whiff brought back memories . This is a very nice sized gift set and it will be appreciated by anyone who also enjoys White Shoulders perfume
 This is my mother 's favorite so I ordered it for myself . It came early , just as promised . I do n't know why people do n't think they can smell the product , it is lovely and lasts . Now its time for me to order one for mom !
 I have been searching for White Shoulders for a while in the department stores but it was expensive , decided to check Amazon and found it at a great price . Delivery was quick . Will definately buy again !
 This a great value for the money . If you are looking for a perfume that does not have an overpowering scent , this is your perfume . I used this perfume when I was 20 and was excited to find it 39 years later .
 ABSOLUTELY GREAT PRICE !!!!! I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN WHEN I RUN OUT . PERFECT FOR CHRISTMAS AND CHEAPER THAN THE STORES . I USE IT 4 TIMES A WEEK . FAST DELIVERY !! A + + + +
 When I ordered my White Shoulders For Women Set from Amazon.com I sort of wondered if it would be the real thing , with the great lowered price that I was paying.I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived , as it is most definitely the real thing and I have enjoyed wearing the wonderful scent that recalls days past .
 This is a great deal . Would highly recommend this gift pack to anyone . Arrived in plenty of time for Christmas , well packaged . Authentic . Daughter loved it .
 bought this for my mother on christmas , i remember the smell when i was a little boy , when i smelled this again this past christmas brought back good memories because it smells so great , A + for this item , thanks for the fast shipping too
 The original and just what my wife wanted . excellentI 'm a hero
 I was originally recommended this product on a cruise 8 years ago . A little goes a long way with this cream . One tub will last you a long time , which helps justify the high cost . I typically use a `` pea-sized '' amount to get full coverage . The cream is lightweight , but it does leave a bit of a shine and has a tad of a greasy feel , so I would recommend you use this at night . I use this overnight and allow the cream to absorb into my skin . When I wake up the next morning my skin never looks more radiant . It smooths and evens the surface of my skin , and really diminishes fine lines . I feel this is a high quality product that is worth the money , and also a great opportunity to pamper yourself . I 'm only 35 , but it 's never too early to start taking care of your skin !
 Some products are just worth the money . Good quality face cream is one of them . This face cream is amazing and worth every single dime . Will buy again .
 I bought this product about 8 months ago and have been using it every night before going to bed . I notice that my skin looks oily and highly moisturized going to bed , but I wake up to supple clean skin that looks and feels great . I 'm only 25 , but I have slightly dry skin and sun damage/small acne scarring . I have definetely noticed a difference in my skin after using this product . -LRB- Even after the first week ! -RRB- Its a little pricey , but SO worth the investment !
 This product really stands behind the words . I have seen definite results since I 've started using it , and I feel that it is well worth the investment .
 I have found Eternity to be aPleasing scent . I have also reallyceived many compliments fromwomen of discerning tastes . IHighly recommend it for femaleto male gifts ,
 I JUST RECEIVED THIS COLOGNE TODAY AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT IT SMELLS AWSOME !!! DO N'T HESITATE TO BUY IT !!! YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED .
 My father was extremely excited to receive such a classy gift , he lives in New York and has seen the prices of Eternity for men and never bought it . I would never have been able to afford this item except through ASG Perfumes thank you i am pleased .
 This is one of the best Men 's cologne ever . I always get compliments when Im wearing this cologne . Definitely gets the ladies ' attention . I would categorize this as an old school sophisticated scent . It 's definitely not a cheesy cheap scent and not like that garbage Axe smell . It 's pretty strong and long lasting as well , and for the price , it can not be beat .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000217F28 Eternity by Calvin Klein for Men 3.4 oz Eau de Toilette Spray -LRB- Tester -RRB- -RSB- Received this item within a few days , good job , product was what they said it was . will buy here again . Thanks
 I bought this for myself without first trying it out locally . I 'm quite impressed by this unassuming yet masculine scent.I was told by a female friend that it would ` work ' with my natural odor , and from all reports she was yet again correct -LRB- she 's right about most things -RRB- . The scent is masculine without being overpowering . I have never before offered an opinion of a product that works with one 's natural chemistry , but ETERNITY should be a safe choice for any male looking for a light yet definitely masculine scent . It 's good . Buy it .
 Eternity is a bit strong when you first apply it on , but throughout the evening out it will soften and remain in place for the rest of the night.It has been my favorite perfume for a couple of years now , since I am always complimented by women of all ages for its fragrance .
 Excelente o el mejor precio en el mercado de perfumes y un sentido de urgencia en el servicio de correo .
 The best by Calvin Klein . its really a very good price for what you get . And its not available on stores anymore
 My son , loves this , so how could I go wrong ? I just bought what he liked . -LRB- smart mom ! -RRB- Arrived in record time .
 Purchased it for my son-in-law for Christmas . He has used Eternity for a number of years and likes it very much .
 is perfect for a Christmas present . its smell is spectacular . my husband loved and of course me , too . i love it .
 I am very picky about colognes , and I try to stay away from the `` sporty '' fragrances that everyone and their brother seems to wear . I received Eternity as a Christmas gift and can say that it is good stuff . Smells really clean and sophisticated . Does n't give me a headache and lasts a long time on my -LRB- dry -RRB- skin , which is always a plus.It 's not the greatest cologne I 've ever smelled , but it certainly is pleasing . Give it and try and see what you think .
 to receive and open it seems of good quality wine in a box well protected . The number of stars not complete because I have not completely exceeds my expectations
 una excelente compra y la experiencia fue muy buena , recomiendo la compra mediante la paginasatisfecho con la adquisici&oacute;n realizada
 This was a surprise gift for my husband who loves it but thought I paid a fortune for it . He was amazed at the price . I have one happy husband .
 First , the good . . the smell lasts , its not too strong as to assault your nose , and it sort of blossoms with time . Definitely value for money . However , given that the brand is CK , I probably expected better . Its not as amazing . My personal pick for the summer would be Kenneth Cole - Reaction .
 Eternity is a very male , very unobtrusive cologne . It always fits , never overpowers , and lasts fairly long . Even the residual fragrance after a long day is still very nice . I like it , but like with any fragrance , it is highly subjective .
 This was a wonderful surprise for my husband for our anniversary . He was super impressed with how big a bottle it was and I thought the price was very reasonable . The transaction was easy and the product was flawless . Thank you !
 This pure fragrance will never go out of style . It 's clean , crisp scent will stay with your man all day long.A must for his collection .
 This is the cologne I use . I could n't beat this price especially without the sales tax . I got what I purchased and it came quickly and I would purchase it from Amazon.com and this dealer again .
 I 've been in the market for a better cologne for awhile now and somebody suggested Eternity for Men . Well I can safely say I 'm very pleased that they did because this is not overpowering and it gives a clean `` manly floral '' kind of smell instead of making you smell like a logger or an over-trained cook .
 Thank you Amazon!Got what was advertised!I love this cologne!Nice price , nicer smell !
 This has been one of my all time favorite colonges . Has a clean , fresh , non-overpowering scent . Great for everyday use . Lady 's seem to love it 's understated , yet definetly manly fragrance
 Eternity is one of my favoritesThe effect stays throughout the day - a very masculine aroma tooHighly recommended for days in the office and nights in the barWorth the investment !
 Love this scent for men ! Enticing , sexy , and pleasant fragrance ... . Large bottle and handsome packaging . Makes a very nice gift .
 Great Price fast shipping.Have used this in the past and loved it , Just could n't pass up the price.Then got it in 2 days with free shipping , what a deal .
 Original cologne , not an imitation , excellent price saved at least $ 10.00 off retail price ! Delivered on time . My Dad loved the gift for Father 's Day
 Well , I received the product about 2 weeks ago . At first I was n't too sure that I liked the scent , coming from the Hollister So Cal cologne.I have to say though that it grew on me and so far , I LOVE IT ! It smells so clean and citrus like , and just amazing.I 'm seventeen . I like nice smelling colognes . Even though this smells nice , the Hollister cologne still smells better . = -RSB-
 For the price quoted in amazon , Eternity by Calvin Klein is real value for money . Infact the price was a lot lesser than `` perfumania '' . The product was also delivered a day before the promised date .
 I tested 50 different scents , and this one is in my top 5 . It is similar to colognes Acqua Di Gio or Armani Code , but unlike them , it is not perfumy or soapy.It is refreshing , but at the same time not too feminine . It is masculine , but not overly masculine.The scent is not weak , but it is not overpowering either . Subtlety is key.This is a great play-it-safe , please-everybody cologne . It is the kind of scent that many people would like and there 's very few people will strongly dislike it.Go to a store and try it .
 I swear , I think I could smell this cologne from across a crowded room . Not because it is too strong , but because it is by FAR the best ` man ' scent I 've ever smelled . And , after shopping for hours for the perfect cologne for my ex , I feel like I KNOW that this is the best cologne out there -LRB- although Kenneth Cole 's line is also very good -RRB- . I 'm a chick . I 'm obsessed with Eternity . This is a scent that will transcend other trendy colognes , because it smells completely classic , classy , and screams `` I 'm sexy ! '' Need I say more ?
 Recommended by the `` So You 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon -LRB- of which I bought and reviewed them all -RRB- this cologne is another almost perfect male fragrance . The term that comes to mind in this case is `` EQ '' . It just has a perfect range of scents that are very well balanced between bass , mids , and high notes . It is not too citrusy like many other colognes that I happen to like , it is more serious and definitively male . Comparatively it is a more serious version of TOMMY , more sex-scent oriented than HUGO , and has a broad spicy mid-range . Being that it does n't have an over-amount of top notes that never make it to your skin , this cologne is dependable to smell like it did when you put it on hours later .
 Calvin Klein Eternity is absolutely the best for men . Easily the sexiest fragrance for the ladies . Consider it a warning guys .
 I was a bit hesitant about ordering this from Amazon after reading some reviews that the smell did not last.I went ahead and purchased making sure it was sent from Amazon LLC itself . The new bottle looks exactly the same as my old bottle , and smells exactly the same . Its sometimes hard to smell a sent on yourself after awhile because your nose gets used to it , so I did a smell test . I sprayed one spray onto a piece of paper towel , left it in a room , and the smell remained for at least 24 hours . I also called Amazon before I purchased , and they told me they purchase direct from CK . I 'm happy with my purchase.Thanks Amazon !
 I LOVED THE WAY THIS COLOGNE SMELLED , MY GIRLFRIEND LOVES IT ON ME A LOT AND OTHER WOMEN IN STREETS ALWAYS GIVE GOOD COMPLIMENTS , THANKS A LOT ! : -RRB-
 thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100 % to everyone , its very good and you can buy .
 excelent 100 % bueno . las mejores marcas del mercado lo recomiendo con los ojos cerrados desde caracas venezuelarecomiendo a toda la comunidad del mundo
 It 's the really deal . I love Eternity for Men by Calvin Klein . They got the item to my door very fast .
 Excellent eau de toilette , came with original packing and original fragrance , quick shipment and good packing I will recommend 100 %
 Love this cologne so much I just bought my teenage son this as his first cologne . Told him he will be a hit with the ladies !!
 I loved it a lot . I sent it to my baby and he told me that 's the best gift ever .
 My husband loves Eternity and it 's hard to find the After Shave Balm sometimes so finding it online , at a good price , made me very happy !
 The sent is good . It presents itself sweet aroma with a small bite . Not as rugged as Polo , neither is it as long lasting . If you have an occasion that calls for a couple of hours it works good .
 I was hooked on to this after receiving Eternity as a gift from my girlfriend.Best perfume you will ever buy
 This is my second Favorite scent only to Versace Pour Homme . I enjoy multiple scents for different days of the week .
 I 've been using this EDT since 3 years . I love to wear this EDT when I 'm going out for Malls or to my friend 's home . I think , this EDT will not be suitable for Parties because of its mild fragrance . I recommend this to every man .
 I have had this cologne given to me as a gift a few times and it always starts out smelling very nice , but the scent does not last very long . That is the only negative I can think about for this product .
 I 've used this before and this year my wife , Sandy gave it and the shower gel to me for Christmas . It has a nice medium fragrance that lasts a long time . I love it
 I just love this perfume especially for the price . It smells great and stays for a long time . Amazon delivered the product pretty quick .
 Both my husband and I LOVE this perfume ; truly amazing . Delivery was great and item is excellent . Will definitely purchase again and again from amazon . Great price too !!!
 I received this cologne in a gift set of mini-bottles . This one in particular earned many more compliments then the other colognes included in the gift set . The longevity of the cologne is good it lasted me about 7 hours . The scent is great for attracting the ladies ;-RRB- . After all is n't that the main reason we are wearing cologne ? I would recommend this fragrance , however , do to its crisp clean scent I would n't recommend this for the winter especially if you live someplace where it gets really cold .
 i love it but when i use it not same orginal in my countryi will buy another from another site or from my country
 I have fair , sensitive skin that breaks out in bumps easily when I shave . This balm was godsend . No more bumps and razor burn . It may seem pricey but this one tube will last approximately 6-8 months with daily uses .
 Has a good aroma and smooths the skin . This is the large tube and was reasonably priced . It arrived quickly and was packaged securely .
 I 'm very happy with this purchase . The low price had me worried as to whether or not this was authentic . I 'm happy to say that as soon as I sprayed it the first time that it is the real stuff . Recieved this item quickly as well .
 I ordered the items and used only standard shipping but despite that the order arrived superfast and in prime , new condition !
 hola todo bien dfgdf ddf dfyerty dfhdget dfdfd dfy jyjtd dfg thh ghff drghh hghg rgfgf hff rrgrtf trt rf fg fg fgfrrg rtfd
 I found that I enjoyed the scent of Eternity . The scent is very strong in the first few hours , though . I was wearing Eternity in school and the student I sat next to began to cough , even though I used only one spray . I also found the longevity of the scent to be brief .
 I absolutely love this perfume.Purchased for a friend on his birthday from amazon.timely delivery . product as expected : -RRB-
 smells good and was shipped really fast than what i expected which is great because its on time for a gift .
 I have been buying Eternity for Men by Calvin Klein for years , have had many compliments on it , and have enjoyed wearing it . It has been getting more and more expensive through the years as I have bought it at the department store near me . This year I saw the price the department store was even more expensive . I decided to try Amazon and found their price for the same 3.4 ounce spray bottle of Eternity for Men to less than half the price and no shipping charge ! I will continue to buy all of my colognes at Amazon .
 only perfume and after shave my husband will use.it is softer than the perfume which makes it great and non intrusive.very masculine scent
 This is the only cologne I use . And this was the best deal I have found so far . It 's great ! I totally recommend this product .
 This is a great smelling after shave . Very fresh and long lasting . My wife also likes the smell of this one which is always a bonus !
 My husband is a big fan of this and he preers to gowith smells he is used to instead of trying something new . The same thing was almsot double the cost at the mall or even walmart - I am so glad we got this , and also got a bottle of cool water .
 just what we wanted for the cheapest price anywhere !!! this original mans colon is what my husbant wanted and all the stores/internet sold it for much more for no good reason .
 After searching for an great smelling after shave balm for my husband , I found Eternity by Calvin Klein . It was not available in my local store so I began to search online.I was glad to find it on Amazon and at a better price than in the store . After reading a few reviews , I was a little concerned that it might be watered down or not smell as good as the local store product . However , I was extremely pleased with this product and this purchase.The product was exactly what I had hoped it would be and smells great on my man !
 This is original fragrance , in sealed packaging . Smells identical to bottle I previously purchased at a national department store chain for $ 20 more . Could n't be more pleased . I 've used Eternity for Men for 15 + years . Very pleasant , and not overpowering . And the best part ... SHE loves it !
 I have been a fan of Eternity by Calvin Klein since the 90s . It is not overpowering . Old girlfriends and wife always love this cologne . Amazon 's price is even lower than the Outlet .
 This is the only cologne my husband will wear . He uses one spray at his throat and then gets dressed and the scent is n't overpowering at all . I like to think that it 's a treat just for me to smell it when I get close . Sometimes I get headaches from perfumed products , but never from the Eternity . The scent is masculine and very pleasing .
 this product is so lasting evertime , when i use eternity it brings the world alive around me with refreshing scents , i would always buy this product its the best .
 I love this scent for my boyfriend ! It 's sexy , clean , and timeless - goes great on a man in his twenties -LRB- my boyfriend -RRB- or an older man . This product came quickly , in great shape , and for a lot less money than if bought in a department store .
 This cologne last quite a while depite some other reviews . Not too powerful . I like the smell . Recomended .
 I just have to say , this smell is so good that men will have to fight off the ladies if they wear this . I first smelled it on this really unattractive stranger . I loved the smell so much that I was oddly attracted to him and had to ask him what he was wearing . He said he was wearing Eternity by Calvin Klein . So that night I went online and bought it for my boyfriend -LRB- who was not the irresistible , unattractive guy -RRB- . My boyfriend likes it and wears it now . I ca n't keep my hands off him . P.S. Do n't tell my bf about the other guy I smelled ...
 I love this stuff ... I have used it for years and its great ... does a great job of cooling face after the shave and smells great to boot ...
 Gifted this to hubby dearest on valentine 's . It 's very subtle & elegant . He wears it to work and also in the evenings at times .
 One of the few perfumes that I can count on from Calvin Klein . Perfect gift to give to cousins and friends .
 Very large bottle of cologne , for a very reasonable price . The shipping was fast & I was very happy with every aspect of the purhase
 eternity is a great fragrance , many years ago did not use it , knew that his scent was delicious but did not remember much . the most important thing is that it is a perfume of good fixation and endures
 im so happy with this product i bought it for my boyfriend for valentines day and it arrived very early , i love this smell which works out great because it happens to be his favorite colonge . 5 stars hands down
 I have bought many of this colognes because it is just the right smell for my son . I love it .
 I was looking for the best price on this fragrance and found it on Amazon . It was the best price I could find and the delivery was fast !!! I will order this again from Amazon !!
 I was never a cologne wearer and the thought of wearing cologne had never crossed my mind until I started traveling to Europe for business . In the past I was turned off by the overpowering scent of a lot of colognes but ETERNITY by Calvin Klein is very subtle , clean , and pleasant smelling . I wear it everyday now and it does improve my usual odor come 4 o'clock on a workday .
 Product was shipped quickly and packaging was secure . The product speaks for itself . The price was fair , shipping easy , and it was cheaper to buy here than to travel out to the store .
 I was nervous about purchasing cologne from Amazon , but I was pleased with the transaction . The price was great and my father enjoyed his gift .
 It 's a clean , fresh , sexy scent . When my husband does n't wear it , I do . It 's scrumptious .
 This was the best price I found for the 3.4 oz bottle on the internet . It was a present for my brother and he has used this for the last 6 years . $ 35 for 3.4 oz is a very good price . Recommend you get it from Amazon .
 I Have used this product for many years and I still love this . still have people want to know what sent this is . eternity is a great cologne .
 It is an excellent product . I love it . The price is very good an the shipping for free . Thank you amazon
 Products was exactly what I ordered . It was shipped promptly and I received it quickly
 I love the smell of this calogne ! It 's musky and actually is perfect for almost any age . I will definitly buy again once Im out . Stick with the oldies ; this has been around since the 80s .
 Very fast shipping and the product was better than expected . Will do business again soon
 This is a very nice fragrance for men . I bought this for my husband . I use to gag on some mens cologne he put on but this one is really nice and smooth . Not too strong but very pleasant . Great price too .
 I at first thought it smelled a bit like lysol , but if you do n't think about it that way it 's not to bad . It comes in a big enough bottle so I do n't have much of a choice but like it !!!
 Eternity was signature scent of the late 80 's early 90 's and has been around long enough to gain a rightful , classic status now.It is one of the best on the market , it smells classy , clean , zingy and has more than a touch of the erotic about it.Always worth having a bottle handy even if you do n't wear it everyday , it is a yummy , scrummy scent .
 Recommended by the `` So You 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon -LRB- of which I bought and reviewed them all -RRB- this cologne is another almost perfect male fragrance . The term that comes to mind in this case is `` EQ '' . It just has a perfect range of scents that are very well balanced between bass , mids , and high notes . It is not too citrusy like many other colognes that I happen to like , it is more serious and definitively male . Comparatively it is a more serious version of TOMMY , more sex-scent oriented than HUGO , and has a broad spicy mid-range . Being that it does n't have an over-amount of top notes that never make it to your skin , this cologne is dependable to smell like it did when you put it on hours later .
 ETERNITY is the only fragrance that I use , a practice that I have done for over seven years . It has a subtle , never overpowering scent , assuring me that I will make just the right `` impression '' . What else does one want from a cologne ?
 I have been using Calvin Klein 's Eternity for Men since it appeared back in 1989 . I had previously used Calvin and Obsession for Men from CK , but I found a certain distinctive appeal to the clean , fresh scent of Eternity that is never overpowering or intrusive . What I especially like about it is its staying power ... many colognes or EDTs lose their `` charm '' later in the day after application . Of course , the aroma of Eternity weakens in strength on the body from its initial spray , but even its mellowed state is recognizable . Fragrance `` layering '' using Eternity 's Body Moisturizer and Body Powder adds to the experience . There 's something to be said about finding a fragrance that works with one 's body chemistry , and I know that Eternity is the one for me . The `` greens , crisp jasmine , sage , and basil '' notes do make a difference , and that is why it continues to be a top CK seller even now in the highly competitive and crowded fragrance market .
 Nice cologne for those who do n't like the heavy musk scents . Not overpowering . Many compliments from the ladies . Buy it ...
 I do n't know exactly what it is about this fragrance , but I can tell you -LRB- I 'm a woman by the way -RRB- that it just makes me melt when someone wears it ! My first ` smell ' of it was on a guy I worked with and tho I 'm married and have been married for what seems like eons , I followed that man around just to smell his cologne ! When I got up the courage , I asked him what in the world he was wearing and he said Eternity . I went right out and bought my husband some and I have kept on buying it for years and years . Yes , he wears other colognes , all of which I buy for him , but when he puts on that Eternity , I can smell him a mile off and it really is soooo sexy ! So , like the title of my review says , if you really want to attract women , forget Axe ! Wear Eternity . I think women like it even better than men ! And is n't that the purpose of men 's cologne ?
 Im not exactly sure how to review a EDT because everyone has different tastes.However , it came quickly to my house , smells as it should , lasts hours longer than cheaper EDT 's and is a good scent that is a little different than the norm.So , I recommend buying it from here if you already know it is the scent you want .
 I do n't really know much about the perfume because it was bought as a gift for my brother-in-law that 's why I gave it 4 stars .
 Excelente articulo , llego en el tiempo estimado y articulo llego con las especificaciones estipuladas en la descripcion del vendedor . Muy bueno el articulo
 good one ! loved it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! want one more on the same price i bought . . if anyone has it let me know
 The lovely aroma of the perfume will make any woman drow upto you like a magnet drows iron filling . The perfume is wonder .
 turns out the big-o ETERNITY does NOT exist eternal , and actually it got a pretty short half-life time span , but price is reasonable anyway
 I would suggest all men to try this . Its really awesome and arrived very quickly . Very satisfied with the purchase .
 Eternity by Calvin Klein for Men at a great price ! My old standby . Product just what I was looking for .
 It would seem that there are certain people who are really attracted to this smell , on me at least . I 've gotten pretty strong comments about how intoxicating it is , from women . I really like the smell too .
 I kid you not , this stuff smells like B * n 's 100 bug spray . Having said that , I 'm now wearing some for the first time since it arrived in the mail yesterday , and once you get past the toxic overnotes , there is a pleasant odor as well . It has a piquant flighty flavor that dances in and out of the nostrils like Natalie Portman in Black Swan .
 Amazon sells this for nearly half what it costs in stores at this size . That may change , but I got a great deal on it . This is a 20 + year old scent but not over powering and sissified like a lot of the newer colognes . Excellent value and product .
 Well , just wan na say I like this fragance . It 's very good smell and the best is the size . I have a lot of eau de toilette for a while .
 perfect , good size -LRB- 3.4 -RRB- thought about the bigger one -LRB- 6.8 -RRB- but now that i have this size i realize the bigger one would have been like a display item as opposed to a cologne bottle , like those enormous bottles of liquor u see at the bars , but when they pour u a drink they typically use the 750ml bottle . so 3.4 is a great size , still small enough to fit in my overnight bag
 Excellent product & fast shipping . Eternity is my favorite ! I purchase this for my husband and he was happily surprised with this gift . Best price around , too.Thanks !
 I bought this perfume for my husband as a gift , he always loves getting this one !! I love the smell and it lasts forever lol !! This perfume is his signature perfume above all of the others in the market .
 This stuff is a favorite standby of mine . Girls like it and it mixes well with your own body scent . It is a great cologne for a change of pace , because it has an old school style to it - yet still luxurious and mysterious . You can do a light spray for daily wear or a heavier spray for a date . Girls will recognize the scent , but never guess what it is because it mixes so well with your own body scent . It 's a great game I always play with Eternity . It only gets 4 stars because the scent is not seductive . You smell great , but ladies are n't instantly turned on by the scent alone .
 Very much like the scent of the product . Feels good after a shave or moisturizing . The smell is not over-bearing
 I have always loved this cologne . This is an amazing deal . This bottle is twice the size of the bottles sold by Macy 's and JCPenny . This bottle is 6.7 fl oz while the ones in stores is 3.2 fl oz . Apart from being larger , this bottle is also cheaper than the ones sold in stores . This is such an amazing deal that after buying the first bottle and seeing how large it was , I bought two additional bottles . This product is pefect for personal use or as a gift . I 'm very satisfied and recommend everyone to get it !
 I have been wearing this scent since high school and get many a compliment on it wherever I go . Its strong when first applied yet after a full work day still have a subtle appeal . And when I say strong I dont mean a gagging strong , just very fragrant . The women I work with say they love when I work because the hall smells like me five minutes after I left : -RRB-
 If you do n't have oily skin , you may not want to buy this product . I spray it on my wrists and the scent is gone within 1 hour . It does n't last very long because it is light and meant to mix with your oily skin . My skin is dry and it does n't last long.On a positive note -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , it does smell great .
 OK IN THE SMELL -LRB- WAS AS EXPECTED -RRB- BUT DOES N'T HOLD , SO IF U NEED A COLONE FOR ALL DAY USE THIS IS NOT THE ONE FOR YOU !
 This is my favorite men 's cologne so I bought it for my boyfriend and we both win :-RRB- You ca n't beat this price anywhere !
 I bought this by mistake for myself and a friend 's husband . When I received it , I decided to keep it instead of returning it because it smelled so great . It has a very clean smell to it , and the smell lasts .
 I have purchase many Calvin Klein colognes but Eternity is my favorite . It has a scent that 's very good for wearing throughout the day . It has a light scent that 's not overbearing . It does n't require applying many sprays to the body . The scent last for hours throughout the day . My wife really loves it and I received many compliments from coworkers as well . It has become part of my top three colognes .
 I bought it for my husband as a Christmas present , made him happy -LRB- it 's one of his favorite -RRB- and did n't hurt the family budget ! Great deal !
 Great winter cologne . I alternate it with Obsession . I always recommend using the same deodorant as the cologne you are wearing so nothing clashes . Usually the gift sets are the best way to purchase these products .
 Do n't buy this product unless you enjoy a lot attention ; your partner will be all over you .
 With the price of cologne and perfume as high as it is , this by far is the best value . This is my husband 's favorite cologne and he uses it everyday . There is no other place to shop for this cologne than here .
 I recently bought this cologne because a recommendation from my uncle . The cologne has a great smell !! For me there was only one down side . I 'm 21 and this cologne is for a more mature , older gentlemen . I got a lot of compliments from professors and other older women . I guess it 's one of good and bad things .
 Great Price for something I purchase for my husband every year for the holidays ! The gold box deals can be really great .
 It smells really good and the scent is long-lasting . I highly recommend it .
 This is a gift for Christmas and I am happy to say that it arrived in plenty of time for the holiday .
 This product is nice ! it smells just like chocolate !! only problem is it does NOT last long at all , that is a bit disappointing .
 This perfume smells amazing and I definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to smell like chocolate chip cookies . : P
 Not going to lie , I 'm a dude who hates that Brute cologne type smell , I really do n't understand why men and some women enjoy that used wet sock smell . I wanted to smell exotic or tasty so I tried the Banana Flambe . Wow ... just wow . I used that for a few months then just recently tried the Orange Creamsicle . WOW x100 . That really smells like an orange ice cream push up pop 100 % just like it . People who are near me always ask me what I am wearing and say its incredible . I 've not tried anything else from Demeter but these two are winners . Without question the best smelling things I 've ever come across.holy crud , you have no idea how many women asked me what I am wearing and sniffed me ... 10/10 better to buy on Ebay though as they are a little cheaper .
 This is one of my favorite Demeter scents so far . It is delicious and alluring , mouth-watering bananas , a hint of warm rum -LRB- wo n't leave you smelling like you 've been drinking though -RRB- and a dry down of just a pinch of baked nutmeg and cinnamon bread . Surprisingly , this is not cloying or that overtly synthetic banana flavoring I absolutely detest . I suggest layering it with ginger cookie or one of Demeters chocolate scents for a fully gourmand experience .
 I love this stuff ! It is becoming very hard to find in my local drug store , so I was thrilled to find it in on Amazon . Udder Cream leaves my hands very smooth and soft , and even helps small cuts heal . Very highly recommended !
 I love this product . It has such a clean and light fragrance . The price is very reasonable as well .
 This is a must have perfume . I love everything Jessica Mcclintock . Will buy her newest perfume too . And it is reasonably price for the scent . Remains on my clothes .
 To me this is a nice leather tobbacco smell when the drydown takes effect . Its not a summer scent like the two other Jess scents . Its really nice she designed a winter scent , I was wondering what I was going to ware this year , Im tired of Fendi and wanted something comparable to it and I found it ! Im in love with this scent but it is a serious minded scent and if you like fruity and light I do n't suggest this . This is a heavy scent . Its very simular to Obession Night but not alike that they smell the same . I love this and I know you will too !
 Love this lip gloss ! Tried it after reading about it in a fashion book & it is perfect for that nude lip look without being too pale or sheer . I especially love to wear it with nude colored lipstick underneath . The clicking twist up dispenser is kind of annoying but not that big of a bother so 5 stars !
 it smells very good , is not easy to get by , especially here in old Europe , maybe the difficulty in getting it here makes it even more desireable . All in all good thing to use .
 Designer Jessica McClintock is well known for her classic gowns whether the occasion is a cotillion , debutante ball , quinceanera , or a wedding . If a wedding is planned she offers gowns for everyone from the bride to the smallest flower girl.In addition , she presents hand bags , shoes , veils , headpieces , all perfect accompaniments to the chosen gown . Her hallmark is a very contemporary look with old world touches , such as brocades , laces and silk.As noted many of the occasions for which she designs are romantic ones , and the same word , romance , might also be used to describe her fragrance . With notes of white rose , white jasmine and lemon it reminds one of the refreshing , lovely scent of a bridal bouquet . It is light yet lasting . - Gail Cooke
 I love ISO bouncy creme . It works well in my naturally curly hair regardless of how I am styling it , straight or curly . It is hands down the best product I have used .
 Hard to believe but I 've been using this product for probably 15 yrs . AT LEAST . IT IS THE ONLY product that creates those spiral type curls for my naturally curly hair . It does n't leave my hair feeling stiff like so many other `` well-intentioned '' products that claim to enhance curls and eliminate frizz .
 I like the feeling of extra body the cream give to wet hair . I dry mine before curling/styling . After curling , the curls seem to last longer .
 Ive used many name brand hair products but this hair Gel is my favorite so far . Its inexpensive and does a great JOB while leaving my curls light and manageable !
 I buy this product in the largest quantities I can ... . it is by far the most wonderful lotion I 've ever used . It goes on smoothly , leaving no greasy residue , and has a heavenly and lasting fresh aroma that fits its name . I have the 32 oz . container for use as an overall body lotion , and I keep smaller tubes of it in my purse , car and desk for use throughout the day.I 'm such a loyal fan of Camille Beckman 's Lime Leaves products that I also use the shower gel AND hair shampoo as well.Try it
 Love this lip gloss ! Tried it after reading about it in a fashion book & it is perfect for that nude lip look without being too pale or sheer . I especially love to wear it with nude colored lipstick underneath . The clicking twist up dispenser is kind of annoying but not that big of a bother so 5 stars !
 For the price I was excited about the shampoo and how well it worked to insure I keep the color in my hair and it had shine . Would recommed it for others .
 I love SAMY products and this is a good one , but I do n't think it 's a shampoo for everyday use , unless you use the conditioner with it .
 My hair is long and thick , and I was constantly annoyed and distracted by loose hairs drifting in my face . I tried literally dozens of hairsprays , gels , mousses , and so on trying to keep it under control , with little to no success . Then my wife bought this from her stylist for me to try out , and it worked ! Put a little amount -LRB- maybe two peas -RRB- on the palm , wet the other hand , rub it together until it 's mostly thinned out , spread it over towel-dried hair and brush it in . Keeps my hair out of my face , smooth , and shiny , without being at all crunchy or stiff . I use a little medium hairspray for control , but the Grooming Cream does the heavy lifting of keeping the hair pointed away from my face.Amazon 's price is very good , especially considering that one jar lasts me for at least three or four months .
 Love this product , it was recommended to me by a barber in the UK and it really does the job . Provides support to spiky hair without the stickyness of other products .
 My Son is in the USN , stationed in Iraq . This is his favorite hair creme . I searched a number of places in town to get it and send it to him , I finally turned to Amazon ! The order came quickly and I forwarded it to him .
 It 's very hard to find higher SPF products suitable for the eye area . I 've looked all over and this is a super find . Nice texture , moisturizing , subtle enough for men or women . I use it every day and it 's a complete success .
 I love this perfume not much more to say ! It 's soft , elegant and a classic . I have allergies to many perfumes and sprays , this is wonderful and does n't bother me at all . I love it !
 Like many people , I was curious to try this expensive fragrance because I heard it was MJ 's fave . Truthfully , I was never quite confident in that claim , until recently , when Julien 's Auctions sold a personal bottle of Mike 's that he also signed . It went for over a grand . That 's good enough to convince me Michael loved this perfume.We got our first bottle about a year ago , and have to say , we honestly think we 'd love it even if we did n't know it was Michael 's fave . It 's very soothing and subtle , yet bold and distinct . Sometimes , we smell it wafting back hours later all on its own . It really is something special , just like MJ . It 's no wonder he loved this . Whenever someone smells it on us , the tension on their face invariably melts , and they ask what that beautiful scent is . So it effects others too , not just the mood of the one wearing it . It totally changes the ambiance and mood of any situation or emotion . It 's utterly sublime . I think we 're addicted . We 've given up all our other fragrances , and now wear just BAV . We used to be huge fans of White Sage essential oil , which is actually more expensive per ounce than this BAV . White Sage is VERY spiritually intoxicating and soothing , but BAV has even topped that for us . Honestly , we really love this stuff.Be careful of the reviews that say this smells terrible . I bet they got the cheaper cologne , NOT this full potency Parfum . The cologne is ok , but if you 've never tried the actual Parfum , then you have n't truly experienced BAV . This stuff is over three hundred bucks at the mall . We always get ours here for a fraction of that . And it 's definitely the real deal . Make no mistake.Bottom Line -- I ca n't see myself going a single day without a dab of BAV . We truly L.O.V.E. it that much ... and MJ too !
 Bal a Versailles is a beautiful , mysterious and classy fragrance that 's an intoxicating combination of incense , musk , powder and warm spices . It 's a little strong at first , then after ten minutes or so becomes lovely and soft and very memorable . The parfum seems to last a long time too . Definitely one of my favorites and will buy again .
 I love the powder scent at the end but the company should redo the packing . The box makes from cheap material , the picture came off the bottle . I was dissappointed because I got this .25 oz perfume from France . -LRB- probably package in USA -RRB- . It cost me 98 Euro , twice as much . I thought it would be better but the box and the bottle just did not worth the price .
 This is a great price on the Bal a Versailles Parfum -LRB- it retails for about $ 300 per ounce -RRB- . Visit the jeandesprez.com website for some great offers and info . Jean Desprez is coming out with a new fragrance in early 2011 .
 A sophisticated evening perfume with a intriguing combination of spices , incense , musk and a hint of powder . It 's classy , sexy and memorable . I get lots of compliments on it . Will buy again !
 what a great price for a great parfum thats right its a parfum and not a cheap edt or edp . this is the real deal and its fantastic . what a great buy .
 I have tried so many products out there and this is one of the very few that works with my hair . I have fine hair but tons of it . You only need a little to give your hair body and ease any frizziness . It smells great too .
 I love this hair product . It is easy to use and keeps my hairdo in place . My hair stylist uses this . Healthy Sexy Soy Paste
 I have thin , dry hair , and this works great for me . It gives body , light control , and moisture at the same time , and it smells fantastic . Just rub a little bit on your palms and work through hair . -LRB- I do n't use big globs of it as a traditional `` pomade , '' so I ca n't make recommendations for those who are looking to use it that way . -RRB-
 I love this product . It works so well . Does n't clump and smoothes frizzies . Too bad it 's discountinued . Although I also like the new one too .
 I bought this after I got my first pixie cut and went from maintaining very long hair to my very short hair , and purely based on recommendation of a friend.I like it - I use it when my hair is more dry than wet , sort of that semi-wet-dry state after the shower , and I use it mainly to get the ends to behave . It is very thick so a little goes a long way , and of course it does make the hair a bit heavy , which is something I am not crazy about , but it 's fine and I am happy to be using it .
 For a girl who 's growing her hair out from a buzz cut , this product is awesome . It is thick , so you do n't need a lot , but it 's versatile too . You can use it for a more groomed look , or it 's great for a messy look . I use it in conjunction with hairspray because my hair is fine and it needs a little help in the hold dept.All in all , it 's natural looking , light to medium hold . I have noticed too , that my hair feels thicker with the product in it.Smells nice too .
 I have n't had super short hair in years , just get it all cut off to finally be free of coloring & live w/my natural gray ! Still had some of this from years ago , it 's the best ! Can use such a tiny bit & will do the trick w/o feeling too heavy .
 I love the way this face wash makes my face feel , nice and soft and smooth , especially after shaving . It sooths my skin after I use my razor , I guess through moisturizing but maybe it 's the idea of the `` clay . '' The way it softens also makes my face feel that I get a closer shave . I am very satisfied with this product and I will definitely buy it again as soon as I need more ! -LRB- Only a small amount is needed , so the 6oz size lasts a long time . -RRB- I definitely recommend it to anybody who wants something to make his face feel awesome after shaving .
 It relieved my scalp itching and added lots of body to my hair.Also it helped my dandroff.I USED TO BUY IT FROM OTHER SOURCES I am happy that i can buy it from Amazon now .
 Been using this shampoo for about 7 years now , ca n't complain . Cleans well , rinses clean and smells great . It uses a higher quality surfactant than the typical drug store brands which is gentler and from what I have learned less carcinogenic than the cheaper surfactants found in most drug store shampoos . Even women I know use it and love it .
 I am 55 years old , so I have tried a lot of different shampoos for my hair , which is wavy , but also somewhat dry.I love the gentleness and quality of this shampoo . It costs a bit more , but it is a good investment in your appearance .
 Great shampoo , but definitely expensive . Next time I buy Crew shampoo , I 'm going to get the citric kind too -- I ' e come to like it more than this kind .
 Amazon has an excellent price compared to Target , if you like the product already Amazon is the place to buy it . This would be a one time purchase for me though , leaves my hair feeling a bit dry , even though it is for `` Normal to Dry '' hair , found Dove shampoo to leave my hair happier for a third the price . For the review it gets five star for price , and three stars for product preformance . Average four stars .
 have been using this scent for a few years now , its absolutely the best and my all time favorite , soft sweet vanilla scent .
 This is a very good product . The fragrance does not overwhelm the senses . I keep a steady supply on hand at all times .
 I came across this product whilst travelling in Rome ... It has a lovely natural vanilla smell and lasts the whole day through . The price is a little on the high side but well worth it in my opinion . However the shipping charges calculated for the small bottle were very very high . One quick email to Amazon resulted in a credit return to my account .
 For me , a classic is something of which I never tire . That 's surely the case with this men 's cologne.Kouros , the classic figure of a Greek youth , in all probability an athlete , is an apt name for this scent from Saint Laurent . It 's vigorous , dynamic and free-spirited . A combination of a woodsy fragrance and spicy notes make it popular - a man 's cologne with scent-appeal . The container is trim , rather stately , reminiscent of a Greek column
 Works beautifully with the secret brightening powder -LRB- which is a MUST -RRB- this brush has a light application and cleans easily .
 I would imagine you could get this brush anywhere . I like Laura Mercier products so I bought it there . It is a great all round brush that works well . I use it to put finishing powder on .
 A year ago , I switched from American Crew Fiber -LRB- which I swore by at the time -RRB- to the Matte Creme . I have n't looked back since . This stuff is amazing -- at least for my short-ish , but heavy Asian hair . I think it has a better hold than Fiber , and many other products that I 've tried . Nothing else compares . Even more expensive products.The matte finish means it applies cleanly , and its gumminess -LRB- it resembles white glue -RRB- gives it a lot of strength and pliability , offering me the ability to create substantial pieces in my heavily textured haircut . I find that most other wax or clay-like products tend to make my pieces fall apart easily . This stuff is also fairly resilient , so I can make one application last a couple days , just by reworking it with my hands.My only criticism of the product is the scent -- it smells like men 's deodorant . I think it could do better with a more subtle , sophisticated scent -- maybe something along the lines of their citrus-mint products .
 I have been using this fragrance since I was in my 20s -LRB- I am now 50 -RRB- . It truly is a winning fragrance . Not too heavy . . not too light . Never goes out of style and lasts long . Great price !
 A classic cologne - excellent product ! New in box , fast shipping and excellent packaging , all for a great price .
 White Shoulders By Evyan For Women . Eau De Cologne 4.5 oz - I love this stuff . Wore it when I was a teenager so it 's been around a long time . It stays with you all day long . RECOMMEND
 My mom use to wear this perfume all the time . As children we use to sneak into her room sometimes and dab some on us . The smell is strong at first . After it has been on it reminds me of feeling secure and that is very comforting to me . I brought this for my sister . Christmas is the time of year for remembering the ones we loved , for being the inner child we are and for bringing happiness to all .
 I started wearing White Shoulders because it always reminds me of my Grandmother . The scent triggers good memories of a wonderful woman I no longer get to spend time with . It 's a timeless scent and I always get compliments on this perfume .
 As other Amazon reviewers noted , the expiration date is blank on the label . But overall I am very happy with this purchase , I bought the small 4 oz lavender scent jar to try it out as I believe someone else thought the tea tree smell was too strong . I 'm happy with the smell and the Shea butter , it 's very moisturizing , which I need after using the African black soap . I do recommend .
 I love the smell and how quickly my skin aborbs it without feeling too greasy and heavy . It could be heated and melted on your palm and be mixed with other lotion for all over the body , or simply on the chapped lip or dry hands . It works very well . I have a a large one on my night stand and a small one in my pocket book .
 This is an excellent product that holds my aging hair in place , which for me is good news , especially as it feels flexible and not stiff as with the spray type fixative .
 Let me tell you this , I have tried severall diferent brands and consistencies for hair wax and this one is my favorite , little pricey ... but you get what you paid for !!!!
 I love this product , hair is much more easier to maintain using it.Leaves hair smooth and soft.I will buy again in the near future .
 This has saved many of my wigs ! Just got it couple of weeks ago and tried it on some of my fave wigs that have gotten a little frizzy ... all I can say is WOW ! None of the spray and leave in products worked at all , but this one is amazing ! Spendy , but well worth it when it will extend the life of my many wigs .
 Brandywine Wig restorer is a great product . will order more whjen necessary . does not leave a film nor is it greasy .
 I love all Elemis products . I keep trying other , less expensive brands and end up coming right back to Elemis after wasting more money . All of the toners work well , but I have sensitive combination skin . I 've found that the Soothing Chamomile Cleanser with this Rehydrating Ginseng Toner works best for me . And then of course , you HAVE to finish it off with the Pro-Collagen Marine Cream .
 This toner hydrates my freshly cleansed face . The scent is very soothing as well . Never does it irritate or cause my skin to break out . I would say I have fickle skin . Sometimes , I 'll spritz this over my makeup . You need just the basics for great skin . Nothing fancy or pricey . This bottle goes a long way and its benefits are worth the price .
 You wo n't get into legal trouble wearing this stuff . It smells rich like a blend of pipe tobacco . Your friends will never guess what it is , until you show them the bottle . Then they will want to get their own !
 I purchased the honeysuckle spray ; it smells wonderful and just like the honeysuckle bush that I passed each day while walking home from elementary school in the springtime .
 It is a good , non-specific , subtle scent , in the tradition of Dirt -LRB- and unlike New Zealand , which is a smack across the nose that lingers for days -RRB- . If you really spray a lot into the air , you can just catch a hint of cannabis for about 2 seconds , then it is gone . I should have known better when I read Demeter 's own website , where they described cannabis as a single plant where you use the stems for hemp and smoke the leaves . -LRB- sigh -RRB- I like the scent enough to continue to use this bottle , but wo n't be purchasing any more .
 Its just right for a winter pick me up . I feel like its spring , even though I 'm stuck in an office in the dead of winter . I 've gotten compliments frommany people about it , and it works really well with my `` mini pomander '' from L'Octaine .
 MAT is one of the scent memories that will always be a part of you ! Time you used it , place you went to when you wore it , and comments that people made when they got the smell of MAT .
 Perfect gift for mother when she visited this year.Put perfumes , etc in a basket with `` grass '' and thenshrink-wrapped . Looked beautiful - like you would getat mall gift stores
 very subtle toner , not harsh with alcohol . works GREAT with lime blossom cleanser and marine cream
 I 've used the toner for about 3 yrs . I love it 's scent and how it makes my face feel . I 'll be using it indefinitely .
 The is absolutely the best way to wake you face up in the morning and even better way to prepare you face for bedtime .
 I use this as part of the complete Elemis system of skin care that includes a cleanser , exfoliate scrub , moisturizer and mask , etc , It smells nice and leaves my skin feeling fresh and not dry or tight . Recommended .
 It leaves my skin smooth and moisterized without over drying . I would recommend the product . I like that it evens my skin tone .
 i love this product . its nice and genlte and did n't make me break out worse it made it better and the lavender helps keep my skin blemish free . a little goes a long way too .
 These are very good for plastic shower caps.They can be used for quite some time before the elastic starts to stretch out.They are also very spacious if you have a lot of hair , but will stay put with that strong elastic if you do n't .
 I 've been using Bonne Bell Lip Smackers for many , many years . I 've tried other brands -- some much more expensive -- but they just did n't seem to work as well as Bonne Bell does . My lips are very dry , and when I use this product , that condition is alleviated for quite a long period of time.I also like the fact that their flavors are pretty true to how they 're labeled . The watermelon tastes like watermelon , the Dr. Pepper tastes like Dr. Pepper , and so on.I highly recommend this product . It 's effective , and the flavors are great .
 Love my chapstick ! I have opened almost every flavor so far and each one is great ! They were individually wrapped which I was n't expecting but it did n't really make a difference . Great stocking stuffer or gift !
 Purchased these as a gift for my mother and daughters of friends as stocking stuffers ... everyone was thrilled ! The flavors are varied and all sound yummy ... took me back to my youth when Lip Smackers first came out !
 I purchased this product as a gift for my 6-year-old little sister who wanted make-up -LRB- lol -RRB- , so I compromised and told her I 'd buy her lots of lip glosses.First of all , the packaging . The glosses were individually packaged , just like in a drugstore . And they were all in a white box that would be really easy to wrap if it 's given as a present . I did n't open the glosses themselves but I used smackers back when I was a preteen and I loved them ! I still do ! In fact , seeing this set makes me want to go and order one for myself if I was n't already swimming in glosses . They come in different flavors and scents and I think this is the main attraction for kids for like their lip balms to taste and smell yummy.The only drawback is a very minor one . The flavors were not the exact ones shown on the picture . There were a few changes , which is probably because they did n't have enough stock . But it 's okay because they replaced it with three products in their Skittles line and these are really good as well so I did n't mind and I 'm pretty sure my sister would n't . : -RRB- All in all , it 's a really great gift for young girls and it 's a bargain at the price !
 Great price , and prompt delivery - very convenient . Thanks !
 The Dior Addict Shower Gel is gentle on the skin and it complements the Dior Addict fragrance . The layer effect -LRB- using the shower gel , lotion and fragrance -RRB- provides you with compliments all day long from others . I hope that it remains on the market even though Addict II is now on the market . This fragrance works well with my chemistry .
 I 've worked around Skincare and cosmetics for years and this brand is the only one that has worked on my sensitive skin . Great for all ages . My aesthetician uses it and recommended it . Start early if you can ! I thought my skin was oily because I was breaking out all the time so I was drying it out with ALL KINDS of expensive stuff . Come to find out that I 'm dry and my skin was over producing oil to compensate hence the acne . Elemis cleared it up in about three months to get all the congestion out . Amazing . It works on ANY type of skin . I got it for my mom and my aunt . It improves the texture of the skin as well !
 I am in my early 50 's and have extremely dry skin . I was astonished to find I was starting to have black heads and even white heads . This product really works and gives my skin an even tone , making it not to dry and removing the spots of oil.Highly recommend .
 It is a good product in reasonable price . So far I feel it is a good product . It is my first time to use it .
 Non alcohol product , works great to give a glow . Discovered on cruise ship . Bottle when traveling though , leaks . Reasonable price .
 I love that this product is so easy to use and makes my skin feel awesome . I have been using it for almost two years .
 It is a truly soothing toner , which makes my skin softer right away and healthier looking . However the aroma is problematic . It smells great from the bottle but on my face it turns into an `` old lady powder '' smell that drives me crazy . So far I have been using it sparingly , with a day or few apart , trying to keep both skin and nose happy.NOTE
 The scent is so soothing , I love these bath salts , by far the best ! The price is great too ! A little goes a long way !
 Love this product . Sorry the company discontinued it . I was happy to find it on Amazon . Good price , shipping was immediate , very satisfied .
 Love the makeup and can no longer find it locally so this the best option for me and product received in timely manner .
 I was looking for an aqua or turquoise hair claw and I found a most beautiful one on Amazon . It sparkles with glamour and elegance . I feel so good when I wear it . I love to find such unique pieces that shine in your hair . Whether you have long hair already or are letting your hair grow , this is the perfect claw to hold your hair in place . I recommend this hair claw that could be worn with aqua or turquoise . Be ready for lots of looks and compliments !
 This lotion is a great lotion . It does n't leave you feeling greasy , you can really feel the aloe in it . Wish it had more of a lavendar smell . Sells for a great price also .
 This provides a help in the dry desert of ABQ . It does not break out my skin as some other products do .
 This is a great product , I 've used it before . The picture of thenew bottle -LRB- I had the older style pump bottle -RRB- Aloe 80 Organics Hand & body Lotion Citrus - 16 oz - Lotion I ordered had a pump . I have hand problems and I really need it . Bottle arrived no pump - since what I received was not as advertised I only gave it 4 stars.This is about truth in advertising .
 I have deep ridges in my nails and this does a great job to fill them in . It also dries very quickly . It has a milky color so it makes your color really stand out . If you do n't want to spend the money on Seche , I am just as happy with Sally Hansen Salon Manicure base coat . It also dries very quickly and fills in my ridges . It does not have the milky color but I am still just as happy with the Sally Hansen .
 I bought this reading good reviews , and was not disappointed . I am not very demanding when it comes to a base coat . This one goes on smoothly , has a bit of a shimmer which is good if you do n't want to apply polish . Overall my polish goes on well and stays for at least 1 week if not more .
 Seche Base coat performs as promised . It fills ridges and serves as a great canvas for nail lacquer . It 's irridescent and reflects light which adds to the ridgefilling effect and gives a visual effect of fewer divots in the nail . This is a solid product .
 I have used this product for 2-3 years . It is perfect for hydrating menopausal/post menopausal skin . The cleansing lotion heals and moisturizes my skin all while gently and efficiently cleansing it . I also use several of their other facial products which I also highly recommend .
 I have mid-thigh length hair and it requires a LOT of moisture to keep it manageable . Aloe 80 Organics delivers ! They have created the absolute BEST conditioner I have ever tried . -LRB- And I have tried a lot of different conditioners ! -RRB- It has a lovely lemon/rosemary smell to it . The conditioner is thick , does NOT require ten minutes of sitting on your scalp , and it rinses out cleanly.My only complaint ? That it does n't come in bulk !!
 I ENJOYED USING THIS CONDITIONER . . IT 'S THICK , SO A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY ! IT HAS A LEMON SMELL THAT I JUST LOVE . . IT REALLY CONDITIONED MY HAIR
 I really love this conditioner . But it has been discontinued and is really hard to find ! On a whim -LRB- after my sister made a convincing argument that my usual conditioner is doing nothing for my hair -RRB- I started looking at natural/organic conditioners , and this conditioner ended up being the one I purchased . I fell in love with it immediately ! It makes my hair soft and easy to manage . All of the other major brand conditioners never made my hair feel this good . I can actually rinse this out of my hair , and it still feels soft and conditioned when I get out of the shower , a major feat ! I have fine , damaged , easy to break , oily hair and this stuff is awesome . It is also really thick coming out of the bottle , so you do n't need nearly as much as regular conditioners , therefore one bottle lasts a long time.I DID email the company to voice my displeasure that just after I discovered this product , they discontinued it , and they say they are working on a line of shampoo/conditioners for specific hair types -LRB- dry/oily/normal etc -RRB- . I 'm hoping they come out with it soon ! In the mean time I have stocked up on this conditioner , because after running out and going back to the normal conditioners , my hair is NOT happy !
 This conditioner does not weigh down my hair at all . I have fine , curly hair and it dries out easily.This product helps my curls retain moisture all day and I can use it everyday .
 I have fine hair prone to greasiness and sensitive skin , so I 've had many issues with conditioners in the past . Like nearly all conditioners , I 'm betting this one would cause me to break out if my skin is exposed to it for too long in the shower - I ca n't avoid the conditioner lean yet . However , the good news is that this conditioner will work as it should -LRB- it 'll soften and detangle your hair -RRB- without leaving residue once washed out . I can clip my hair up after showering without passing conditioner grease to my roots , and my ends look nice without feeling gross . I 'm satisfied enough with that .
 For those who luv a very mosturizing product , this is it . However , it 's unfortunate that it 's now discontinued with the manufacturer ` Lily of the Desert ' but have been able to search and find a few stores online that still carry it . Just when I found a staple product , the manufactuter decides to discontinue it . If you search online by the product name , you may find some places that still carry it . It took me awhile to find an all natural product like this that leaves my hair this mosturized with the perfect 5.0 ph balance -LRB- tested it with my strips -RRB- . I 'm a co-washer and I love this product on my hair and scalp . It mosturizes -LRB- lot of slip -RRB- , cleanses and is great on color-treated hair . I really hope Lily of the Desert brings it back . In the meanwhile , I will buy it whereever I can still get it . Just think , it just happen to be one of the conditioner products that I purhcased along with a few others from the Health food store in my area not knowing anything about it prior to my use of it . Now , nothing but love for this product !! I take Lily of the Desert 's Aloe Juice as well which I also love.Here 's one place they 're still selling it at a low cost
 I like this conditioner a lot . The lemon makes it smell relaxing and refreshing.It also leaves my hair really soft and manageable .
 I was just browsing thru and I saw this set . I actually , honestly confused it with some other brand and ordered but I am thankful I did.The fragrance is amazing , not very good at describing perfumes but let 's just say that my wife just dabbed a small sprint on her neck and ... And it is very long lasting.The packaging is also very good so it makes a nice gift and rest assured , it will be appreciated well .
 Been using this facial moisturizer by Aloe 80 for years . I buy the one for oily skin . It 's not oil control & does n't have sunscreen , so I use it for a night time moisturizer . I have sensitive skin as well , but this does not break me out , which is rare as most things cause me to break out . Acne type skincare lines never work for me . I continue to break out . But if I buy products that are generally for oily skin & are mild and good for sensitive skin as well , I have better luck . Aloe 80 is one of those skincare lines . I use the cleanser , toner , facial scrub & moisturizer . Love them all & have been using them all for years . Thanks Amamzon & Vitacost for carrying this since the local WholeFoods have stopped carrying this line .
 I have used various Aloe 80 Organics products for years . The Liquid Moisturizer is new to me and I love it . It is a wonderful moisturizer without being too heavy . I am post-menopausal and find that other lotions cause me to over heat . Not with this new product . My skin is silky and body temperature , normal . Try it !
 Finding the Island Song Coco Mango Body Butter was an absolute treat when I visited Kauai , HI in March ! I found the product at several places on the island and the tropical fragrance inticed me to purchase a jar . I used it every day after being out in the sun , sand and saltwater and it was a great moisturizer.I brought two jars back to the states , but it eventually ran out . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.com ! If you want to remember the islands , or just give yourself a `` mini-vacation '' try the Island Song line .
 I purchased this in Hawaii on Oahu . I had a bad sunburn and this worked wonders for me ! My sunburn felt so much better after I used this . The smell is heavenly ! I am gon na purchase more soon ! What a great product . My whole family likes this as well !
 Love these products , smell is great and the body butter is n't greasy.Had so many people stop me and ask what I am wearing and compliment on how great it smells .
 I purchased this body butter on my last trip to Hawaii . I love it ! The smell reminds me of the flowers on the island . It is thick , but goes on smooth and leaves my skin silky soft . It is my daily lotion now ! I live in Arizona , so lotion is a must in our dry climate . I will definitely be ordering more when my jar runs out !
 The title says it all . This body butter makes my skin as soft as other grocery/drugstore generic brands do . The smell is good and not too strong . The product does work , but I will not buy again simply because you can find something cheaper and works just the same in local drugstores like Walgreens .
 very nice product , the scent is beautiful . It was a little more expensive than what I paid for the same amount from other sellers . fast shipper !
 This is the 3rd order that I have place for the Coco Mango Body Butter . My boss brought it back from Hawaii and now all of the girls in my office are hooked on it . It smells like you are in the tropics and is wonderful for your dry feet and hands . I leave it on my desk and it goes fast because everyone uses it as soon as they sit down in my office . I nomally place my order for 4 other people in my office also.Highly recommend it !
 Love , love , love this scent , was surprised when the bottle arrived and it was so tiny . I know it says the size but just thought it would have been a little bigger for that price . It should have been named `` Sample Size '' , because that is truly all it is . The scent is my absolute fav . so I will purchase a larger size next .
 I am very happy with this product because it stays on the lips even after eating . It is a miracle and I will continue using it for a very long time . Thank you for making this lipstick available thru Amazon
 I found this stuff in a gift shop attached to a restaurant on the north shore of Oahu . I only bought a bottle of the lotion and every time I put it on , not only do I love the smell and the way it softens , strangers ask me what I have on . I 'm so glad I called the 800 number on the bottle and found out that I could order it on Amazon !
 I think I have finally found my signature scent !!! This lotion is unbelievable ! I just received it in the mail yesterday and already ordered 2 more bottles because I do n't ever want to run out . Delicious !
 A friend first discovered this lotion while on a cruise . She shared it with me often , but we both began to panic when it was almost gone . I 'm a nurse and use A LOT of lotion ... this one is fabulous . This time I bought four bottle so I could share it with others . Scent lasts for a very long time . Try it . : - -RRB-
 This lotion smells heavenly and it moisturizes , leaving my skin very soft . I wanted something with a summery scent , something a little different from the usual mall products . I 'm so glad I found Island Song Coco-Mango Body Lotion ! I first read the back label to see what ingredients went into the making of it , and happily I saw at the bottom of the label , `` Please recycle '' and `` Not tested on animals '' which are two things that are important to me . I read the label and it said that the artwork , which is beautiful on the front label , is done by Frank MacIntosh , is designed for the Matson Navigation Company 's cruise line . If I ca n't take a cruise , at least I can smell like I did . This is a wonderful moisturizing lotion that smells so good.This is a 6.25 fl . oz . bottle . It takes only a small amount to use on my hands and a little more for my arms . Next time I 'll order two bottles because this will be great for dry skin on legs , too . Wonderful for a before-bedtime lotion for overnight skin softening and a relaxing scent for an aromatherapy experience . Also great for after showering , to moisturize and scent the body.This lotion contains
 Last Friday , my co-workers hosted an early cupcake-themed birthday party at the workplace for me . One of my co-workers gave me Bath and Body Works ' Coconut Mango body lotion as one of my birthday gifts . She has also given me Bath and Body Works ' Dark Kiss and Optimism lotions in the past . When I think about it , many people have given me Bath and Body Works lotions as gifts ever since my undergraduate college school days . My best friend from college and an ex-boyfriend gave me various Bath and Body Works lotions . During those years , my favorite was a raspberry-scented one . Anyways , out of all the Bath and Body Works lotions , I think that the Coconut Mango lotion is one of my favorites . The Bath and Body Works Coconut Mango lotion smells so awesome . And it made me think about this Island Song Coco-Mango body lotion . When I first visited Maui in October 2002 , I bought this lotion . It is a fabulous lotion . It smells great and makes your skin feel and look nice . To me , this lotion is a `` Happy Memories '' lotion . Each time I visited a Hawaiian island , I rarely saw anyone in a bad mood . I remember the times when I flew to Hawaii , the airplane passengers would be in a happy mood and made cheering noises as the plane landed in Hawaii . I also remember the look on people 's faces when they had to fly away from Hawaii . A lot of the passengers were quiet and looked sad . Seriously . Anyways , both Island Song 's Coco-Mango and Bath and Body Works ' Coconut Mango body lotions combine the fragrances of two fruits that are well-known in both Hawaii and Thailand . I have traveled to all the continents except Africa , Australia , and Antartica -LRB- it would be awesome if I could visit this `` Triple A '' of continents in the future -RRB- , and so far , the best coconuts and mangoes are in Hawaii and Thailand . That 's my honest and humble opinion . Anyways , if you want to transport yourself in spirit to happy places such as Hawaii and Thailand , then try Island Song 's Coco-Mango and Bath and Body Work 's Coconut Mango lotion .
 I have been to Kauai Hawaii 3 times and this island along with its beauty has the most wonderful , fragrant , floral air filled smelled like no other place on earth . While shopping at the Kong Lung Shopping center , I came across `` Island Song '' perfume and lotions . This fragrance smells just like Kauai captured in bottles ! The Coco-Mango is ultimately the BEST ever ! The perfume roll on lasts a long time and the body lotion is beyond belief . After applying these products I feel as if I am back in Hawaii . My onliest complaint is I wish it was sold by the gallons !
 This scent does remind me of Hawaii and I love the fragrance . But , it fades quickly -LRB- it 's only $ 10 , so what did I expect ! -RRB- and the bottle is made of such a rigid plastic that you ca n't easily squeeze it to extract the lotion , which will become a real challenge as it gets down to the end of the product . The art work on the bottle is sooo Hawaii ... that 's great .
 I LIKE THE WAY THE LOTION SMELLS , AND MAKES MY SKIN FEEL . THE ONLY DRAWBACK IS , THE BOTTLE IS VERY HARD , WHICH MAKES IT EXTREMELY HARD TO SQUEEZE . I DO N'T HAVE PROBLEMS WITH MY HANDS , BUT MY MOTHER DOES , AND SHE COULD N'T SQUEEZE THE BOTTLE . VERY SATISFIED WITH SELLER
 I really like the smell and feel of this lotion ! My only complaint is that I wish the scent stayed on a little longer !
 Ah yes , the lotion I 've looked all over creation for after not being able to take it home with me when I was in Kauai ! Here it is on Amazon ! BUY IT !!!! I wear it every day and wish I was back on Kauai island !!
 I 've used this eyeliner in Extravaganza -LRB- black -RRB- for a number of years now and I 've been pleased with its performance . It is richly pigmented , goes on smoothly , and is long-lasting . However , unless you are allergic to other eyeliners -LRB- like me -RRB- or feel more comfortable using synthetic-free cosmetics , there is probably no reason to buy a Dr. Hauschka eyeliner in particular . You can find comparable eyeliners at the drug store or at the cosmetic counter . Further , I 've only been able to find it online , and the shipping chargers are always outrageous . Six dollars to mail a single eyeliner pencil ??? No . In reality it costs less than a dollar to ship in a padded envelope , but the companies are trying to make extra money . -LRB- Case in point
 I love these Dr. Hauschka eye pencils . They are gentle on my allergic eyelids . So far I have bought the grey and brown . Both are beautiful colors , go on smoothly , and last awhile .
 I love this perfume have been using it since Senior year in Jr High . I always get compliments on it . Some perfumes have a weird after-smell but this one is sweet and yeah it smells Delicious lol
 This is really nice and leaves a very pleasant scent . I bought it for my wife and she really likes it as well .
 I have ordered this before , and am very satisfied . It is just what I wanted . It arrived on time as well .
 I just love this fragrance . It 's not too strong and last all day long .
 I origionally bought this back in Oahu , and was upset when I couldnt find it at any stores . I looked on line and was thrilled . It brings back memories of warm tropical nights in Hawaii !!
 I 'm a bath and beauty product fanatic so this was totally up my alley . I have never even heard of this brand before , but I 'm sure glad I bought this lovely body wash . First of all I know it 's vain , but the vintage inspired bottle with its adorable logo looks really lovely in my bathroom . The bottle is pretty small , that 's the only draw back , because I do n't use this stuff sparsely.I love the delicate aroma of bananas , coconut , mango , lush violet passionflower and the scent of literally taking a shower on some far away tranquil gold island captured in a bottle and delivered to my door . This stuff makes my skin very soft , as glycerin they use is very soothing and creamy on the skin . I also love knowing that this company does not test on animals.This fruity smoothie in a bottle is a wonderful morning or night time experience . I cheat my lazy self in the morning with yummy products to get out of bed and go take that shower , this stuff makes it easy !!
 I was born and raised on Maui , and now live in Las Vegas . This body wash really brings the scent of Hawaii into your home . I started daydreaming of the beachs on Maui . It was a nice get away , even for just a moment to relax and take some stress away from a long day . If you like you lather thick , this body wash will not be for you . There is some bubbles , but not thick .
 This body wash by Island Song has a coconut and mango scent with a hint of spice . It 's a luxurious body wash that includes glycerin and extracts of pineapple , banana and passionflower . The scent is not overwhelming . It 's great for both shower and bath and it lasts . It 's in a 6.25 oz bottle , but a little goes a long way . Wonderful for hot summer evening showers . To me , it 's a vacation in a bottle . Recommended for anyone who enjoys indulging in bath and beauty products at a very reasonable price .
 I live in Hawaii and think this product typifies our Paradise home better than any other product available here or elsewhere . Whenever I wear it , people ask me what fragrance it is and where they can purchase it.After a sunny day at the beach it soothes your warm skin.In the middle of winter , no matter where you live , it reminds you of what you 're missing.For a few dollars you can recapture your vacation memories . So stock up , give it to friends as gifts , or enjoy yourself .
 This is better deal so far . I rather buy this with Shower Gel for under $ 45 .
 I 've used this eyeliner in Extravaganza -LRB- black -RRB- for a number of years now and I 've been pleased with its performance . It is richly pigmented , goes on smoothly , and is long-lasting . However , unless you are allergic to other eyeliners -LRB- like me -RRB- or feel more comfortable using synthetic-free cosmetics , there is probably no reason to buy a Dr. Hauschka eyeliner in particular . You can find comparable eyeliners at the drug store or at the cosmetic counter . Further , I 've only been able to find it online , and the shipping chargers are always outrageous . Six dollars to mail a single eyeliner pencil ??? No . In reality it costs less than a dollar to ship in a padded envelope , but the companies are trying to make extra money . -LRB- Case in point
 I love these Dr. Hauschka eye pencils . They are gentle on my allergic eyelids . So far I have bought the grey and brown . Both are beautiful colors , go on smoothly , and last awhile .
 Purchased this perfume while in Oahu for my daughter and she loves it ! It smells just like the islands and , according to her co-workers , certain parts of southern california . The scent does not fade nor come on too strong and the roller bottle is ultra convienient .
 Incredible product ! I get more compliments on this perfume than any other I wear . The scent lasts a long time but is not overpowering . The bottle lasts a long time as well due to the roll-on applicator . Love it !
 I bought this in Maui back in 05 ' . I was barely wearing it , so it would n't run out . I had people looking for it when they visited Hawaii . I looked for it when I went back this year and I could n't find it . I decided to go ahead and shell out the dough for shipping . I would much rather be in Maui , lol . Really this smell takes me right back there .
 I bought this roller ball perfume years ago when I was in Kauai in 07 . I fell in love with this scent really hard . When I returned to Seattle , it was fall , and beginning to rain . When I would use this I would feel uplifted because it really reminded me of such a special time in my life . It really smells like the islands.I stopped using it when it got down to the last 1/8th of product . I did n't want my love affair to be over ! It never occurred to me to just buy another one , lol.Again , 5 years ago , it is turning into fall , and I need this in my life !
 This is a very good product . It is a little bit more like an oil than I expected but I have never used a roll-on before . It is a very floral scent with coconut overtones . Very soft and sensitive to different body chemistries . My sister and I both tried it on and it smelled completely different on each of us as well as in the bottle before applying it . I have received many compliments for this product !
 I absolutely love this scent . We spend alot of time in the Keys , out on the water , and this scent makes you feel and smell very tropical .
 I just bought two more . I originally purchased this at a gift shop on the North Shore of Oahu . It is beautiful and subtle . I put a little on my wrist and it reminds me of the wonderful vacation my husband and I took when I was pregnant with our first son - our babymoon . Aloha !
 I have dry , slightly combination skin . But in winter ... harsh northern US , windy , snowy WINTER ... I get redness , the beginning of blistering and cracking . But with this stuff ... no . It moisturizes , hydrates , is n't greasy , does n't build up . I use it in the morning and in the evening . LRP has such a wide array of products , it can be confusing , but if you have the patience to fish around on their site , you can figure out what might work for you . I like this , Hydraphase -LRB- the Riche is not overly thick ... lightly creamy and , well , rich -RRB- and the Toleraine line for cleansing ; the stuff made specifically for rosacea does not work for me ... likely because that is n't my problem . For summer , during the day , they have an Anthelios cream which works well , hydrating without being too thick ... not a winter cream for me ... not quite as emollient as the Hydraphase but good enough for sensitive skin .
 I run out of this quickly , which is rare for me because I 'm picky about texture and fragrance when it comes to body lotion . Usually a body lotion will sit in my cupboard for a year and then get tossed because it does n't live up to my stringent standards . This one is light , non greasy , not sticky , yummy smelling -LRB- natural floral -RRB- , and it does n't break me out or give me a rash . The reason I wish the bottle was bigger is because my boyfriend sneaks this lotion , and before I know it the tube is empty !
 Unlike the previous reviewer , I have n't had any problems with the packaging . It 's very simple to use . With one year old twins , I have to constantly wash my hands and find them dry and cracking . This solid lotion bar is SO convenient . I have one at home and one in my purse , so the bar is accessible anytime . The smell may be strong for some but I like it . I look forward to trying the Blockhead baby version on my twin babes .
 I have tried several of the blockhead bath products , -LRB- I just got them for my mom for mother 's day and we had fun trying them out -RRB- , and the lotion sticks are my favorite !!! While all the scents are wonderful , my mom and I have searched long and hard for something that truly smells like rain and this does - : -RRB- It 's soft and smooth to put on , and I have not had any problems with the package . I love that I can toss this in a purse , even a small one , and have it handy . It absorbs quick and the moisture & scent last quite a bit too so I do n't have to constantly re-apply . I am hooked !
 The mister on this spray bottle is simply perfect for the application of a fine mist of sea tonic all over your face or you could even use this all over your body after a shower.Most of the toners on the market have alcohol . This is alcohol-free so it does n't sting or irritate your delicate skin.You could even add some of our own essential oils to this tonic water or just enjoy it as it it . The Zia products are natural and wonderfully soothing . Recent favorites include the Zia Treatments line . The Acne Treatment Mask is filled with Colloidal sulphur , camphor and tea tree oil which is perfect for oily skin . The Fresh Papaya Enzyme Peel mask uses the power of papain to gently and effectively remove dead skin cells on the skin 's surface.The toner is wonderful to use after the other productsin this line or just to use anytime during the day.Keep in the refrigerator in the summer . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I 've been using this as a night cream for a couple of years now . I bought it after seeing a special on PBS about the ingredients in it being really great for aging skin . I 'm 36 and everyone always says there 's no way I look that old ... could it be the cream ? OR are people just being kind ? who knows ... but I like it and I like the kiwi-ish smell -LRB- and I 'm one who is usually averse to most fragrances -RRB- . UPDATE : I wanted to update my review from 4 years ago . I 'm now 40 years old and have used this cream every night . I work at a university and students are often shocked when I say I was a student there 20 years ago , they usually think I 'm a student their age . I went on vacation to europe this summer and countless people in their 20 's were shocked and refused to believe I was 40 . I 'd point to my gray hair coming in and one guy accused them of being dyed streaks ! I had a 20 yr old who was smitten with me and begging me to take his phone # ! I 'm now noticing the difference between the quality of my skin and lack of wrinkles to others my age and the beginnings of crows feet and other fine lines starting to appear on people my age . My husband thinks I look better than when I was younger . I ca n't help but believe this cream is accountable ...
 I love this product . Can put it under eye . Makes skin soft and lines not that noticeable .
 Love the cream it does n't gives me zits or breakouts so that 's amazing for me , loving it , I only use it for sleep and I see some wrinkles going down !!!! I am only 22 but we have thin , dry skin on my family so by 15 we have wrinkles around our eyes and lots of expression lines ... . Well I think this cream is really good , really makes you feel younger ... I am only using it for sleep time and works like a charm ...
 Of all the facial cream I used in the past this is the cream that works.You need to apply in circular motion in your face and neck.Apply generously.I use it at night only.I dont like the smell though . I hope they can produce an odorless skin eternal cream.My husband is complaining of the smell .
 Source Naturals Skin Eternal Cream with Lipoic Acid , DMAE , C-Ester and CoQ10 , 4 OunceI have used this product for over 10 years and this is the best moisturizer you will ever use . I have tried many products and always come back to Skin Eternal . I am glad to see Amazon.com has it on their website . This helps me from always having to search to find who is selling it . Amazon.com has made shopping quite easy .
 I love the smell of this and how it makes my skin feel . You just need to try it to see what I 'm saying about this product . No , I am not a company spokes person . I just happen to love the product .
 I use this as a night cream every single night and love how soft it makes my skin look and feel . Some have complained about the smell -- it 's not my favorite but it 's not bad !
 This is a wonderful skin cream . I 've been using it for about 3 months . No longer does my facial skin ever look tired or dry , and my fine-lines have faded significantly . And an unexpected bonus
 This cream smells delicious ! Like pineapples , kiwi and laying on a white sand beach ... but I digress . This has all the good stuff in it and for 1/4 of the price of the so-called top pf the line . And this WORKS ! I use it at night ... it 's a bit too thick to wear under make up , but it makes a perfect night cream . In the morning , my skin is soft and looks perfect . I 've been using it for 2 weeks , only at night , on a freshly cleaned face . I also use a peptide moisturizer first . This spreads luxuriously and soaks in really well . The smell is refreshing and delicious ! I 'm the type to try everything and anything -- I even tried snake venom -LRB- does n't work -RRB- -- this is one cream I will buy again and keep using . Love it .
 I look forward to applying cream every morning and night because it feels great on my fACE - NEVER GREASEY !! ABSORBS INTO SKIN QUICKLY . .
 This face cream feels so good on my face and neck . It goes on really creamy , but does not leave a greasy feel at all . It does n't have a scent as far as I can tell , which is good , since I do n't care for scented creams . I 'm hooked on it , and will definitely buy it again and again !!
 I 've used this eyeliner in Extravaganza -LRB- black -RRB- for a number of years now and I 've been pleased with its performance . It is richly pigmented , goes on smoothly , and is long-lasting . However , unless you are allergic to other eyeliners -LRB- like me -RRB- or feel more comfortable using synthetic-free cosmetics , there is probably no reason to buy a Dr. Hauschka eyeliner in particular . You can find comparable eyeliners at the drug store or at the cosmetic counter . Further , I 've only been able to find it online , and the shipping chargers are always outrageous . Six dollars to mail a single eyeliner pencil ??? No . In reality it costs less than a dollar to ship in a padded envelope , but the companies are trying to make extra money . -LRB- Case in point
 I love these Dr. Hauschka eye pencils . They are gentle on my allergic eyelids . So far I have bought the grey and brown . Both are beautiful colors , go on smoothly , and last awhile .
 This product is in no way a perfume , a `` body oil '' or anything like that . It is an awesome equivalent to a spray sunscreen . My skin feels nice -LRB- not the yucky oily kind that some spray sunscreens leave -RRB- and the UV protection is great . I would highly recommend this product for someone looking for a sunscreen type product .
 I love this item ! cant live without it . . I know sounds crazy but ive probably used over 20compacts !! and now Iam using a brand new one with three for the future use !! this item makes you look truly beautiful it gives you a healthy glow to look your best . . try it you wont regret it!Tina
 I ordered this as a valentine gift for my wife and it came up in a big box and it had small bottle of perfume and a big one with two other lotion . It 's worth the money . The fragrance is awesome .
 This fragrance is by far my FAVORITE . I have been searching all over for this particular fragrance and found it here on Amazon . I get compliments all of the time from both males and females . I purchased what I thought was only a 3.4 oz bottle of fragrance . When my package came it was a 4-piece set . It included bath gel , body lotion and a travel size fragrance . I am very pleased with my purchase . The shipment arrived in only 3 business days ! If you are looking for a long lasting , flirty fragrance buy this .
 I love this fragrance . It 's strong , but sweet ... It 's a powerful smell , but not overbearing . My wife and I stumbled upon this parfum years ago in a fragrance store and it was my favorite out of probably 30 choices that we tried that day . Since then , it has continued to be the # 1 perfume for me that my wife wears . I do n't know how to describe it very well , but it 's not flowery or powdery . To me , it is maybe a little musty , but when I smell it , I am passionate for her . It is rich , full and dreamy !
 I smelled this fragrance on a lady at the grocery store and had to find out what the name of the perfume was . Now that I bought it , I do not remember it smelling like this as it was on the lady . I do love it ! It smells elegant , clean and fresh . And I 've gotten many compliments on it .
 I love this parfum . The product was sent on time . Very affordable price . I will certainly buy it again .
 Spritz.com really needs to check their product description - they 're describing `` Paris '' not `` Pasha '' ! According to Webster , pasha is a man of high rank . `` Pasha '' is also an elegant , sophisticated scent from Cartier.Unique in its combination of amber , cedarwood and sandalwood , it is also original because of the inclusion of a rare pure essense
 I 'VE HAD MY REFILLABLE CARTIER PASHA FOR YEARS -LRB- SINCE IT WAS FIRST LAUNCHED -RRB- ... . BUT ABOUT 5 YEARS AGO COULD N'T GET A NEW REFILL ANYWHERE ... . UNTIL I FOUND YOU ... . WELL WORTH WAITING FOR ... . I 'M NOW BACK IN BUSINESS AGAIN ... . SMELLING SPECIAL AND THE GIRLS LOVE IT ...
 this is the best tool for your feet if you need something like this , and it 's safe .
 There is not much to say just that we have been looking for this perfume for my wife since long time ago.The perfume arrived very well packaged and is everything that my wife remembers it was long time ago since she used it for the first time . She loved this and it made an excellent Christmas gift : -RRB-
 I found this perfume years ago and fell in love with it , wll not wear anything else . Light enough for casual wear but perfect for work and social events .
 This is now my second bottle , all ladies need a bottle of this Perry Ellis Reserve . Very elegant smell thats loved by that special someone
 It has a long lasting smell which smells great . I have been using this for the last two years . Great product !
 I love this scent and the product was great for its price and it did not disappoint . Exactly what was advertised was what I received
 This is a great product ! I really love this stuff - its fragrance can not be duplicated - clean and fresh . It came in a timely manner . Just Plain Happy !!
 Had this years ago . Love that I found it again . I would recommend it to any man of sophistication and life .
 Finally ... . I 've found the best hair dryer ! I have really thick hair with a wave to it and find that this hair dryer works best when I 'm trying to straighten my hair out . The highest setting for heat is perfect and does n't burn your hair . There 's a small button -- in just the right place -- that will cool your hair down in an instant . So , you use the heat with a round brush to straighten and then ZAP it with the cool air and `` waaaa-laaa '' your hair is straight without the frizz that can come from some blow dryers that do n't get quite as hot as you need . The handle is contoured for just the right comfortable grip without getting a cramp in your hand . Two attachements come with it but I have n't found a need for them yet.You might find that the price is a bit steep for you but it 's well worth the investment . I 've had mine for awhile and it has n't overheated yet . In any good salon this is the hair dryer of choice !
 I am so pleased with my SuperSolano dryer that I will never purchase another big box store brand again . It is certainly worth the extra cost and seems much easier on my hair as the heat/air selections are greater than my former dryer . It may be a bit heavier than my old dryer but it does not bother me at all .
 I hae owned 2 of these dryers . The first lasted about ten years . I have purchased one for each of my daughters , who also have found the Solano to be efficient and durable . I have thick , wavy hair and never have to spend a long time drying my hair . I can recommend this dryer to anyone who wants to make a good investment in haricare .
 This item works well ! Very pleased ! I have naturally dry/curly/frizzy hair and it really smooths it out while straightening . I would recommend to anyone !
 My daughter has wavy hair , very thin , but abundant , she always complains about the generic Irons she buys , this one does the trick and has her hair stay flat for 3 or 4 days -LRB- intead of the usual hour - 1day the others give -RRB- .
 This flat iron works so well that I bought a second one for my travel bag . No problems with purchase . Received in a timely manner .
 The flat iron works really well . Does what it 's supposed to and has different heat settings . Shortened my straightening time too . I would recommend this to my friends and family .
 My daughter and I have been thru 6 different flat irons we love this one . I have curly and frizzy hair now its sleek and staight!My daughter has long wavy hair and now its pin staight she uses ith everyday.Thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Great tool , does the job well . Wish it had heat choices of numbers or degrees - this tool has neither - just a wheel of low to high . Its also smaller than I thought and hoped -LRB- length -RRB- .
 I have gone through MULTIPLE flat iron/hair straighteners & so far this is BY FAR my FAVE ! It heats up quick & does its job GREATLY ... I do n't have to go over my hair multiple times with it , just one pass & its straight ...
 This is the best straightening iron that I have used . It heats up quickly . It straightens hair easily . It 's light and affordable . I am so happy that I found this iron . I have tried many others and this is by far the best . I have thick , wavy hair and I 've always had a problem managing it and finding products to make it straight . Now that I have this iron it 's easy for me to have my straight look .
 My hair is naturally very curly and wavy and , well , messy . I had never even heard of a straightening iron until I hit middle school . I did n't use one until 8th grade . I look back on the old pictures and wonder why no one told me my hair looked so bad!This is a great iron , and my thick wavy hair is beautifully straight within 10 minutes . Granted , my hair is not that long , but every hairdresser I have ever gone to has told me I have `` enough hair for two people . `` One thing I have noticed is that this iron keeps my hair relatively straight unless it gets completely drenched . This is a huge plus for the Texas heat!All in all , BUY THIS .
 I have two of these flat irons one i purchased at full retail from ulta for $ 35.00 and the other I got on sale at Sally 's I believe . I love this brand . There is nothing wrong with either of these Irons . I have had one of my Irons for about 4 or 5 years and the other I have had for 3 years . Both Irons work well . I travel with one and the other is for daily use . Great product . I plan on purchasing another Iron as soon as they go on sale again .
 I have naturally curly mixed in with frizzy waves . My hair is very coarse and thick , and I had almost given up on straighteners . I originally bought this particular flat iron from eBay 1yr . ago . Eventually , due to the demands of my hair it did give up , as far as heating up . I was so pleased with the results from the 1st one , that I knew this would be the only brand I would ever buy again , no matter how many times ! Hot Tools 1177 Professional 2 inch Ceramic Flat Iron -LRB- 1189 -RRB- has made my hair soft to the touch and frizz free ; thanks to anti-frizz hair serum that I comb through before use . My hair is manageable and smooth , and I would not post this review if I had anything at all negative to say about it . Certainly the product for those of us who have coarse , curly , thick and frizzy long hair ! Proof positive !
 I LOVE this flat iron , it straightens my hair easily and quickly , with this iron i can get my long thick curly frizzy hair to be straight and smooth and amazing . i had the 1.5 '' model with the rounded edges and all , and the purple coating chipped off on the first use , but i 've never had any problems with this . i definatly recommend it .
 I 've had to repurchase this iron about 6x in the past years . It is , so far , my favorite flat iron , however , it always breaks the same way ! One of the two ceramic plates wo n't get hot anymore . There is something faulty in the manufacturing of this . Everything else is to par , but it is frustrating to always have to repurchase , especially every other hair tool I own -LRB- curling iron , blow dryer , etc. -RRB- outlives this one every time .
 Was looking for a wide flat iron . This was a great investment . Not as expensive as some of the pro models . Works great and works quickly . Be careful to remember to turn it off though when you are done . I just melted my boyfriend 's bathroom scale when I forgot it on there . Oh well . Who needs a scale anyway !
 Could not find a 2 inch flat iron in the stores anymore and if I did would have to pay alot more money then the one I found on here . Product works great . Shipping was fast and overall was very pleased .
 My product arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as promised . I 've been using is ever since and am very pleased . Thank you .
 This is the first flat iron I have purchased . I love it ! It is very easy to use .
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . IT STRAIGHTENS MY HAIR WITH EASE AND IT 'S MY FAVORITE COLOR -- PURPLE . I BOUGHT THIS PARTICULAR PRODUCT BECAUSE I HAVE A LOT OF HAIR AND IT 'S REALLY THICK SO TO FIND A FLAT IRON THAT 'S 3 INCHES WIDE CAME IN HANDY . FAST AT HEATING UP . PERFECT PRODUCT IN MY BOOK .
 My daughter loves this straightener !! This item was recieved before I expected !! And in boxed perfect condition as promised !! Thanks
 I tried this straightening iron at a friend 's house and could not believe how straight my hair could be ! I 've tried other straighteners but this one is great because it has 4 different heat settings which is great for all different hair types . It heats up quickly and straightens in half the time it took me with other straighteners .
 I have really frizzy wavy hair , and this straightener was totally awesome ! It made it so smooth and shiny , my hair felt like silk ! I totally love it !
 What a great deal !! I have checked prices on this particular iron at shops . . and was quoted $ 55 - $ 65 . I love how it leaves your hair smooth and shiny and my hair is frizzy and coarse . A must have !
 This is a really nice straightener . It gets really hot so be careful not to leave it on any surface that could burn . Because it 's a pro style , it does n't have an automatic shut off either . Otherwise , it works really well .
 The product is very good . I bought it for my daughter who has curly and dry hair and she loved it . It is easy to use and gives you different options of how warm you want it .
 I was hesitant to buy this iron because I read some reviews that only gave it 1-2 stars , but I am very happy with my purchase . This straightener is made by a good brand . It heats up quickly and does n't tug on your hair as you pull it through . It leaves hair straight and smooth . I definitely recommend this product !
 I have been using various Hot Tools flat irons for about 4 or 5 years now after borrowing a friend 's one day and I must say I am 100 % satisfied . I think their flat irons are incredible . I have very thick , wavy and rather frizzy hair but when using their flat iron my hair turns out amazingly straight and so sleek . I will admit have to replace my flat iron about every year and a half to two years but that 's just because I use it so much . My best decision was switching to a ceramic flat iron . I find that it does n't damage my hair as much , leaving it healthier looking and I burn myself less often . I must also add that I personally love the three inch plate . Having such thick hair , the larger plate really helps me straighten my hair quicker . I highly recommend this flat iron .
 I 've tried different types of flat irons and I really like this one . It 's not that expensive for what you get . It also gets really hot -LRB- if you want it to -RRB- , so it straightens really well . I recommend this product !!
 I bought this iron because I needed a high heat iron for my tough to straighten hair . I have thick , curly hair and it works great ! The only downfall I can think of is sometimes a strand of hair may get caught in between the iron plates and the side of the iron . Not too badly caught , just have to be careful pulling it out . That is typical of all irons , at least ones I 've tried ... I highly recommend this iron !
 I have very thick , wavy , long hair so I needed something that gets really hot but would n't dry my hair out . I 've used the flat iron a few times now and noticed my hair feels and looks healthy and yes it 's straight !! It does n't seem to take long to straighten it either . So I 'd recommended the flat iron , it is a pretty penny though , you may be able to find another flat iron for a better price that does the same thing !!
 I have really thick , hard to manage hair . I use to have a conair plate changing straightener , and a revlon mist straightener . Neither worked very well on my hair . I tried out a Hot Tools straightener at a friends , and my hair was really straight , soft , and shiny . I was amazed ! A little research was done , and I found out that regular straighteners will give you split ends , and do damage to your hair , but ceramic straighteners are n't half as bad . So , I spent a little more money , and went with the 2 '' Ceramic Hot Tools . I LOVE IT ! I can have my hair curly with gel in it , and it will still make it perfectly straight . It only takes a minute to heat up , and there are 10 different heat settings . It takes half as long to straighten my hair before school and it looks 100times better !
 Was a gift for my wife when her old one broke . This has been used daily for years now and she says it still gets nice and hot for her . No complaints here .
 -LRB- This is the first Amazon review I have ever written ! -RRB- I 'm a frequent shopper of Escential lotions and oils . I particularly love their China Patchouli scent
 This was another one of my perfumes that was a birthday gift received about 3 years back . Got me hooked right away . I like my perfumes to last me thru the day . At the same time , they should not bite me . Thats the basic criteria . And this baby qualifies both with flying colors . very calm and soothing at the same time lingering aroma . I not only will buy this again , but will recommend to anybody who wants to try something new .
 Well , most perfume is subjective , particularly with body chemistry . Portfolio Green smells like freshly cut grass on me , which was a pleasant surprise ! It is clean , fresh and light , a pleasant scent , not overpowering . My only complaint , does n't last very long .
 So glad I could find my favorite scent here ; it 's difficult to locate in stores now . Great blend , subtle , and goes from work to evening effortlessly . Enhances one 's own scent rather than covering it up and making you smell like everyone else .
 Absolutely fabulous , my most favourite for the last 20yrs , at least . Wear it any time day or nite it is so lovely and soooooo sensuous ! Oh yeah !! Just so beautiful you will not want to use any other perfume . Try it now and you will sooooo love it , beleive ME .
 Es un excelente producto , lo recomiendo mucho y es exactamente como lo descrito por el vendedor , tambien el empaque fue adecuado y lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones , sin da & ntilde ; os ni problemas
 Very pleased with the product and extremely pleased with the supplier . Dioressence is my favorite perfume and is difficult to find but the supplier came through in the best way ! Excellent experience .
 THIS IS A OLDER PRODUCT HARD TO FIND . GREAT TO HAVE A PLACE TO LOCATE WHAT YOU WANT
 An Oriental floral based perfume - I get compliments all the time while wearing this scent .
 I 'm using this in addition to a topical cream prescribed by a dermatologist ... i put it on my skin once a day , before bed and it works very well in soothing my skin and reduces the itching . It makes a big difference in how my skin looks so i will continue to order this product . I would recommend this product to anyone who suffers with this skin condition .
 This product is amazing not only for psoriasis -LRB- which I DO NOT have -RRB- , but for exfoliation , and ESPECIALLY FOR SENSITIVE OR ALLERGIC SKIN . I use this nightly after cleansing my face . In the morning , my skin is clear , and glowing . Also helps to clear up occasional blemishes . Highly recommend this product .
 This product works great on overnight treatment of seborrheic dermatitis.Give it time to dry on your scalp and NOTHING comes off onto your bed linens .
 Hi.I purchased this to use with tea tree treatment for resistant mites our family has become infected with . We used Paul Mitchell special Tea Tree shampoo , conditioner and body moisturizer . I used this product one night all over my head . They worked they are gone on my scalp . Finally ! I do n't have psoriasis but i do think it played a part in smothering those little critters . I definitely recommend it . it also helped the itching . It is certainly worth trying for this and is not expensive .
 Just the travel mirror I have been looking for . I am short and the mirrors that fit flat on the mirror made it hard for me to see correctly . Great quality and fast delivery . It 's very easy to assemble to either hang up or use on top of a vanity . I am very pleased .
 This mirror is great . I was not sure how it would work with three separate mirror surfaces , but it is so simple and you do n't have to remove one mirror surface to use the other . I love the 10X side . It really allows me to see EVERYTHING ! Scary , but I can see it all . However , I did not get my travel bag , come to think of it .
 This mirror was purchased to mount on the end of a telescoping pole for the purpose of visually monitoring the inside of hummingbird nests . It is a good mirror and works great for this special application . The gooseneck allows one to change the angle of the nirror to match the location of the particular hummingbird nest being observed .
 This would have been better if the bottom mirror which has the largest magnification would be more easily accessible . other than that it is a pretty good mirror
 This is a well made , high quality product . The three different mirrors are a great convenience for those of us who need different focal lengths to put on make-up , tweeze our brows , etc. . It is quite easy to change from one magnication to another . It seemed to hold very nicely to a cabinet mirror with the strong suction cups , though I would not have left it up when not in use . It is rather heavy and somewhat bulky , so I am not sure how well it would work for travel . Despite liking this very much , I returned it because the gooseneck is not 11 inches long as described . It measures 8 inches long and that did not work for me . I am only 5 ' 2 '' and my vanity is quite deep . I simply needed the extra inches to be able to get the mirror close enough to me . Also , the mirror does not come with the black cloth carry case as shown in the picture . If the shorter length and missing carry bag are not important to you , this is an excellent product . Also , the vendor was very responsive and cooperative about my returning the item . I would certainly deal with them again .
 Have used before and had issues with suction cups releasing . This model has stayed attached very well .
 I like it but do n't trust the suction strength enough to put it on the wall . I have it on my vanity and it is fine .
 I was extremely nervous to try this at first ; I usually buy hair products on sale 2 / $ 5 . The shampoo and conditioner are excellent . My hair is super soft and feels healthy . It took me awhile to figure out how much hair gel to use without getting extra gunk in my hair . Once I got the hang of it , I used the gel to create more volume and there was excellent hold .
 especially in the winter . Red roughened little hands and fingers really appreciate this lotion . I really think the entire Canus line , adult and child is excellent . They really like the spearment flavored lip balm too . Helps soothe chapped lips from playing outside in the cold and wind .
 The item was as expected but some arrived with broken off , cracked lids and lotion all over the inside of the box . Apparently free shipping means Amazon throws your items in a box with no extra packaging to protect it .
 this is a really great product , i love it i have a 20 mos old and 8 mos old , so i have tried a lot of products , it smells great and works really well for sensitive skin , the price is a little more then others but worth it .
 This lotion is fantastic . Especially good on sensitive skin and it makes your kids smell wonderful
 THIS LOTION IS GREAT ! ESPECIALLY FOR KIDS WHO HAVE ALERGY , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT .
 I have two children under 5 and have been using the Canus products for the past several years . It really leaves the skin in great condition expecially during the winter months . I do use the cleansing products and lotions year round though . As I stated , a great product for children as well as adults .
 Great shampoo for dogs that have sensitive skin or itches when you use the store-bought stuff . I can use this once a week -LRB- follow directions ; soak for 5 mins -RRB- and he does n't itch . I 'll never go back to the cheap store-bought shampoos .
 Fresh and alluring , Dune is the creation of the master of couture , Christian Dior . It gained instant popularity following its presentation in 1991 . This blend of amber and wallflower tempered by the tang of sea air is beloved by sophisticates as well as ingenues , and is equally suitable for each.In later years a fragrance for men also called Dune was offered.For me , it 's a perennial favorite and one I always enjoy wearing again .
 The shipping was prompt to recieve this fantastic fragrance which was sealed in a certified box . It is the real deal for a great price . Very fast shipping , too !
 Fresh and alluring , Dune is the creation of the master of couture , Christian Dior . It gained instant popularity following its presentation in 1991 . This blend of amber and wallflower tempered by the tang of sea air is beloved by sophisticates as well as ingenues , and is equally suitable for each.In later years a fragrance for men also called Dune was offered.For me , it 's a perennial favorite and one I always enjoy wearing again .
 Dear Sir or Madam , Received product and love the fragrance . Will definitely order again.Thank you , Coleen H. Thompson
 EStoy muy contenta con el producto , lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones y lo recomiendo abiertamente , muchas gracias , lo estoy disfrutando , lo califico como EXCELENTE .
 This is a product that I have been using for 20 years and it has become increasingly hard to find . I am so thankful that Amazon.com has EVERYTHING . I had worn Obsession for several years before finding Dune and it is the only scent that I like as much . The product came in excellent condition and was about the same price I had been paying in retail stores .
 This has long been my favorite perfume . I first received it as a Christmas gift years ago after I had been seen reading Dune . It always pleases me and I am happy to find it easily available on Amazon . I wish they had the powder also .
 Dune ! I absolutely adore this fragrance ! I have been using it since its introduction in 1991 and it continues to be my favorite fragrance . I receive compliments on my smell every time I wear it ! It makes me feel feminine and sexy and is very distinctive . I definitely recommend this one for the sophisticated ultra feminine woman !
 just met my new friend dune by christian dior . Finally found a fragance to love . Im 24 and have tried many perfumes , until i found this one . In my opinion this is the best scent ever . One thing though , i dont buy perfumes online anymore since i have bought a couple and they are definitely fake or they simply do not smell as they 're supposed to . I buy it in person and try it right there at the store , i simply dont care if it costs twice anymore because the feeling of being cheated makes me sick . Anyways , i 've got lots of compliments by wearing Dune by Christian Dior and that 's not even important to me , the fact is that i love wearing it , and i 'll take it to the grave .
 My favorite -LRB- hard to find -RRB- fragrance ! Lite fresh scent . Always compliments , especially from men . Great price too ...
 I have tried many different scents but nothing ever is as delicious as Dune , it 's my favorite fragrance of all time
 This is a fragrance that I would use again , though I do n't currently use it . In general , Dior fragrances are wonderful . This one got me a bunch of compliments . Excellent !
 Dune is a light , fresh scent which can be worn by women of any age . I have worn Dune for almost 10 years , and I am still approached by people who ask me what fragrance I am wearing . They all comment on the lightness of the scent . Even though I have tried a number of other fragrances I always end up going back to Dune because it is versatile and can be worn for any occasion , any time of the year . Even though the scent is light it still lasts me a good 8-10 hours . Many other scents I have tried are overpowering at first and lose their staying power . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a clean , versatile fragrance .
 I 've been using this for years . Always get comments . Exotic but not sickening . Gorgeous scent . Hope they keep making it .
 I have used Dune for years and years and totally love it ! It is heavy but ` fresh ' scent unlike say for example opium ... the shower gel and body lotion are also incredible . . it lasts for hours ...
 I just ca n't find an alternative for this excellent perfume . As time passes by , like the wine , it gets better . After so many years of wearing it , still receive compliment about it .
 Fresh and alluring , Dune is the creation of the master of couture , Christian Dior . It gained instant popularity following its presentation in 1991 . This blend of amber and wallflower tempered by the tang of sea air is beloved by sophisticates as well as ingenues , and is equally suitable for each.In later years a fragrance for men also called Dune was offered.For me , it 's a perennial favorite and one I always enjoy wearing . - Gail Cooke
 Fresh and alluring , Dune is the creation of the master of couture , Christian Dior . It gained instant popularity following its presentation in 1991 . This blend of amber and wallflower tempered by the tang of sea air is beloved by sophisticates as well as ingenues , and is equally suitable for each.In later years a fragrance for men also called Dune was offered.For me , it 's a perennial favorite and one I always enjoy wearing again .
 I like this perfume a lot . It lifts up my spirits every time I wear it . And I do n't need much of it , just a little here and there is enough
 I have been wearing Dune for about 15 years . One spray and you have a beautiful scent that will follow you without overwhelming the room or annoying people with allergies . It is a very sensuous perfume that will make your partner want to cuddle just because you smell so nice . Beautiful bottle worthy of displaying .
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loved it , which was good because it was what she asked for .
 I just love the fragrance and all the compliments I recive while wearing it . It 's a must wear accessory every time I go out . I always buy two bottles at a time so I will never run out . I would recomend it to every women .
 This is a great product , I suffer from dry skin and this product really made a difference . My skin is softer and feels like it has moisture .
 Both of my sons have ecxzema and since we started using this on them , their skin has improved wonderfully . Their rashes and the redness have gone , and their skin feels so much softer . This baby butter is excellent !!
 I use the whole Canus baby line and this product is my favorite . It makes my baby 's skin so silky and moisturized and everyone comments on the wonderful smell , which is clean and not overly sweet or flowery . I also use this product and the baby lotion on my older child 's ultra-sensitive skin with good results . I also highly recomend the diaper cream for its effectiveness and non-offensive odor .
 Hi LOVE this product . Actually , I love all of the Canus products . The aroma is so pleasant . My sister does n't like it but I LOVE it ! The cream is so good . I had a bad sun burn and did n't have any other cream in the house . It really was very soothing and I did n't end up peeling ! I should have peeled but I think the cream may have saved me . The cream is very smooth and luscious . It goes on nicely and spreads evenly . It actually absorbs and does n't just sit on top of you skin . I hope they keep making this product ! Thank you Amazon and Canus !
 I love using this product on my own rough patches , and using it all the time keeps it all smooth .
 My son used to get one diaper rash after another until I started using this . This is definitely the best diaper rash prevention/treatment cream we 've used ; highly recommended .
 Greatest stuff on earth !! wonderful product , I use it on my skin as well as my son whom is 7yrs old works great for Extremely dry skin I will always continue to use this product , cuz it works wonders on A/A skin !!!!
 I was given a sample of the Canus Body Butter during my pregnancy and I thought it was fantastic -LRB- no stretch mark ladies -RRB- so I figured the Li'l Goats Milk must be just as great . I LOVE this product for my little one . I have the whole line of the baby products and this Baby Butter is their best for his after-shower-rub-down . I rub him from head to toe and he 's left smelling wonderful and fresh all day long . I ca n't imagine using any other brand on baby .
 nice thick cream good for my daughters exema but too perfumey . I thick that irritates her skin as I can only use it sometimes mixed with a scent free cream . good big jar though and moisturizes well .
 I have owned many expensive and exotic lotions and creams over the years , but THIS `` Li'l Goat 's Milk Baby Butter '' is the single best cream I have ever used . It is great to heal my dry and cracked hands in the winter , moisturize my legs post-shaving in the summer , rub into dry elbows , even my kids chapped cheeks when they go out in the snow.This cream has a lovely scent and feel .
 I have combination skin and found this product to work exceptionally well . I found that you have to be good about using all four steps in the AM & PM . It only takes a few minutes and the results have been great . Smaller pores , fades spots and smooths fine wrinkles . The firming toner is very important to use with a cotton pad to balance your skin before applying the treatment creams . The eye pads and Mask that comes with the kit are great too . Very nourishing . I ran out two weeks ago and my skin has been awful ... off to go stock up !!
 Refreshing ! Great for avoiding those pesky little `` no-see-ums '' whopop out in the evenings .
 Pros : - Very refreshing in the morning or after a workout-My face has never felt more hydrated -LRB- I also use a toner and a cream at night -RRB- - As an expirament I tried it to revitalize my tired curls during the day , and it worked like a charm ! I was so very pleased to see them return to their original curliness with less friz and none of that gummy weight that my normal curl revitalizer gives them . I think I use it now more on my hair than my face ... Cons : - The scent is a little strong for me ; so I think that next time I will try no scent or a different scent .
 This is the holy-grail of tan-without-sun products . Last summer I was constantly complimented on my beautiful tan ... but i never set foot in the sun . Goes on easy ... looks natural and glowing .
 This is by far the best self-tanner I 've used and I 've tried many . The mousse is the easier to use and gives a good , even color . I 'd recommend it any time .
 I love the St. Tropez self tanning moose , it 's the most natural looking self tanner I have used , and I 've tried many . I highly recommend ; just use glove while applying and you will be golden !
 St. Tropez Whipped Bronze Self-Tanning Mousse 8 oz .
 I actually own the model that has an ion generator , but only use that function on really humid days . Even without using the ion generator I get very straight , smooth , shiny results . It heats up rather quickly and does n't pinch/pull my hair like other straighteners do . I highly recommend it .
 I purchased this straigtener , for a very reasonable price , after reading several reviews . I really wanted a CHI straightener but that was way out of my budget . Anyway , this straightener was excellent , it heated up very quickly and did n't pull my hair . I was able to straighten my hair in a very short amount of time and I did n't even use a blow dryer at all . I just air dryed my air , applied a heat protectant spray , and was able to quickly straighten my hair . For those on a budget , this is definitely a gem !!!
 I purchased this straightener a month ago . I have thick , curly hair and it works great ! My only complaint is that it is easy to accidently shut off because of where the on/off button is located .
 I do not own this product . My friend does however . Currently I own a Revlon gold plate straightener . My friend just bought this one after her Revlon one similar to mine stopped working . This straightened has given me the smoothest results I 've seen yet without feeling as if it had fried my hair at all ! To get straight hair usually higher settings work better only , but tourmaline worked well . I only wonder how long such straighteners will last.Here 's what folica.com had to say about tourmaline : Tourmaline , a precious stone , generates up to 6 times more negative ions upon heating than traditional ceramic irons . The extra negative ions along with gentle far-infrared heat guarantee soft , smooth , frizz-free silky straight hair without heat damage .
 I read this straightener had high ratings from consumer testing cos and was affordable ! Good Buy !
 I first got this product on board Holland America Cruise Lines . It is excellent for cramping tired legs . I was paniced when I was running out and so happy to find this product on Amazon.com . I love it and do not want to be without it --
 Was introduced to Elemis products at the Spa on a major cruise line . Excellent products and not always easy to locate .
 I have a bad back and I always keep this handy . It 's also wonderful to travel with for a quick refresh .
 We use this product in conjunction with muscle ease body oil , to massage aching joints and muscles . We love it and it helps , just wish it was not quite so pricey .
 I discovered this product on a cruise . I decided on the first day of the cruise that a Spa treatment was just the thing to jump start my relaxation . I have had chronic neck pain for over a year . When the therapist put this on my neck , all my pain was gone ! I know my pain was stress related , but this treatment lasted me the whole week . Good stuff .
 I tried this as part of a massage and I use it in conjunction with a few drops of Musclease , also from Elemis . I apply a small amount for back and shoulder tension daily between my shoulder blades and along the spine . When I use it , my tension is gone the next day . If I forget , I notice that the tightness is back . It 's like some kind of expesive , magical balm ! I 'll buy it again , for sure .
 I had strained several muscles in my foot and had to wear a walking boot . Not wanting to take any medication , as i have a special needs child to take care of , i was recommended this product by my mother , who had used it on her last cruise . This lotion / gel had relieved the pain and tension in my foot so well that i only needed the boot for a week and not a month . It is expensive but definately worth it . I would recommend this to anyone with muscle aches and pains . I have also used it on my lower back , which i had also strained and it worked wonders .
 This is truly an amazing product . It is very expensive , but definitely worth it . I especially use it on my feet after a long day of walking or dancing when the feet are really throbbing and it really does provides instant relief . I have recommended it to many friends , who have also had success with it .
 We mix Musclease with Instant Refreshing Gel and rub then rub it into our neck , shoulders and back . It unwinds the tension for rest .
 Excellent product . Found out about it at a relaxing massage on a cruise . Came home and ordered it . It does work .
 Okay , so I felt somewhat pressured to buy products after a spa massage on my last cruise . Anyway , bought the massage lotion and this refreshing gel . There is no strong scent as most menthol rubs do and it is not sticky . While this does work instantly , the `` tingle '' does not last very long . I have timed it to around 15-17 minutes . I would not buy again as the price is prohibitive .
 Bought this on a cruise because I had a terrible tension headache ... put it on my shoulders and felt immediate reliefIt 's expensive but as someone else said - ITS WORTH IT ! I 'm so glad it 's here on Amazon , I was afraid I would n't be able to find it again .
 Is very refreshing , helps joint pain . I bought it for arthritis pain in my hip , but it was also very helpful with my daughters stiff neck .
 I was also introduced to this wonderful product on a cruise . I have always had problems with extreme tenderness and swelling on the inside of my legs from ankle to knee , especially after a lot of walking , excersize , etc. . Using this gel morning and night and before walking , has helped tremendously . Also have used it on my shoulder with great results and on my forehead to fend off sinus pain . On a scale of 1-10 - this product easily rates a 10 . Also washes off hands easily and no smell after only a few minutes . Very healing on any bruises .
 I was first introduced to Elemis Refreshing Gel while on a cruise . I had sprained my back a few days before leaving , and moving all kinds of luggage around did n't help . A visit to the spa included acupuncture , deep muscle massage , and a tube of Elemis Refreshing Gel which I was instructed to apply 3 times a day until the pain was gone . I did this religiously while aboard the cruise , but slacked off in the two days after I returned home and the pain came back ! Once I started a combination of the refreshing gel and heating pads , it went away again . Feels almost like Ben Gay -LRB- cold and tingly -RRB- and smells like Vicks Vapo Rub , but the smell goes away quickly and with it , all your pain . I 'd recommend this to anyone with aching muscles .
 Originally found this at a spa on a cruise . Found it to be especially relaxing and soothing . Bought some from the spa and when we ran low , searched Amazon . Got this at less than half the price that it sells go on a cruise ship . Ca n't go wrong .
 This is the best hair dye . It takes a total of 20 min putting it on letting it do its thing and washing it out . I 've been using this color for over 2 years and the color is always the same , a warm brown with rich red highlights . Unlike other dyes I 've used where it keeps getting lighter and brassier looking every time I use it until I have to switch to a darker color .
 I think Revlon High Dimension 10 Minute color is the best ever . I 'm sorry it wo n't be around too long . As long as I can get a good color , I 'll continue buying it .
 I used the Copper Sparks , Red Hot Browns ; and felt very hot ! It is the best color ever . I loved the beautiful auburny red and got tons of compliments about the color and how good it looked on me . I agree-it does n't fade and is easy to use . Why I can not find it in the stores around where I live anymore , I do not know . I think the whole line of Red Hot Browns is fabulous . I just emailed Revlon to let them know .
 This is a great product , a true , vibrant red-brown that lasts . Why Revlon did n't push this like gangbusters , I ca n't figure !!!!
 The salts were great , but I was trying to get the bottle in glass and this was shipped in a plastic bottle .
 My friend enjoyed the gift but she did n't know who it was from because no card was delivered with it .
 Beautifully arranged gift basket . Bought for my mom , She loved it . Highly Recommended . The basket even includes a nice bumble bee cookie which is not only visually graceful but also tasty !
 Pierre Cardin captivated an impressive audience , avid of new scenting proposals . The emblematic and voluptuous design had to attract and gather more than a couple in the Eighties . And in spite of the fact of so many elapsed years , its inimitable scent still captivates to new generations.Recommended for nocturnal encounters of the third , second or first kind !
 I really do n't know how to describe a scent . I 've used many in the past and I think now that this is my favorite . The women in my life have said that it is nice .
 I bought it as a Christmas gift and it was perfect . Bottle was huge and totally worth the amount I spent for it . I would definitely purchase again in the future .
 I have been using this product for years and it is now hard to find . Most of the product available now is spraay , which I did n't want . This requires careful reading of the ads and pictures . The ad was correct and I got what I wanted .
 I truly recommend this cologne.Long lasting and pleasant scent plus a very attractive price for a 4 Once bottle.A reaaly good purchase.I have already bought at least three units throughtout the last months .
 This cologne is my favorite - not too strong , not too weak - I have used it for years ; it is a very reasonable value when you can find it for a discount
 Pierre Cardin for Men is still may favorite and still the best after all these years . A classic .
 I 've been using this cologne for decades & have n't been able to find it in my area recently ... . found it here on-line at a great price & recieved it in just days after ordering it .
 yes it is expensive , but a little goes a long way . Absolutely a wonderful massage oil .
 I bought this on a cruise ship after the masseuse used it on me . It sinks down into your muscles and eases them . I love the smell of it too . Worth every penny . Please note that it does say on the bottle the product is NOT to be used by preganant women .
 i bought a bottle of it on a Carnival cruise ship in the Spa . After three years or so it was empty and I always check at Amazon first . Found it and it helps not only when muscles hurt , alwo for most head aches , when my knee hurts and also I use it on an ant bite that hurts from time to time .
 I bought this product on a cruise and I have not been disappointed by it . I now use it to massage my family 's backs and joints . It was explained to me that once it is applied on the skin , it works down to the bones to relieve tension and stress . It makes the skin oily which helps the massaging to be smoother . Using the musclease makes a difference and brings vibrancy back to the body . I totally recommend this product .
 I purchased this product while on vacation in Hawaii . I suffer from Fibromyalgia that can affect several areas on my body at the same time . This product takes away the pain without the use of aspirin . I was told that it can be used on your forehead if you have a headache . I have not tried this as yet but I would n't hesitate to use it .
 I bought this product with a massage on a cruise ship 2 years ago and forgot about it until I came across it in my bathroom this week . I 'd been sick all week and in bed way to much for my body . No position was comfortable anymore . I used this oil after a shower and within minutes my back and butt aches were practically gone ! My 81-yr old Mother was also sick and ached the same -- too much bed time . I rubbed her back side down from neck to ankles and she slept the best in ages that night -- until 10:30 the next morning.She had to have me find more of this product for her to have !
 My mother is 84 years old with lots of aches and pains . Even though this is an expensive product she continues to use it and does n't want to go without it . When anyone complains about joint pain she wants to rub them down .
 We found this on a cruise and have used it ever since . It beats Ben-Gay , Tiger Balm , etc. . It is expensive but worth twice the price .
 I , like the others , bought this on a cruise . Within 5 minutes , I can get the deepest knots out from under my shoulder blades . To prevent the knots , you really need to use it daily when you get out of the shower .
 This oil is absolutely amazing . Like everyone else here , I purchased this product after having a great massage on a cruise . About 12 years ago I was severely burned over almost 1/2 my body , and as a result I have many scars , adhesions , and skin grafts . My doctors tell me I am one of the `` lucky '' ones who 's scars continue to contract , which causes me lots of discomfort and pain . I have found that the Musclease oil really soaks into the scars and rope-like adhesions and helps to loosen them up . I note much less tightness of the adhesions for a while , and actually seem to get some relief , albeit temporary from some of the pain and discomfort due to the skin and scars being less tight . I also sometimes use some of the Instant Refreshing Gel in conjunction with the oil and it makes for a great combination . I have not used this long enough to know what the long-term benefits are from this therapy but at least initially it seems to be helping and offer some short-term relief . I highly recommend this product so far , even though it is somewhat expensive IMHO .
 We mix Musclease with Instant Refreshing Gel and rub then rub it into our neck , shoulders and back . It unwinds the tension for rest .
 Good for a light massage . Costly for a product that you may not use long term . Does provide stimulation to your limbs . Decide for yourself .
 This little tool really does help . It gets blackheads out especially well . The lancet is O.K. , but not as sharp as it could be . Still , be careful with it ! You 're still poking your face!Another note
 Love this little tool ! It does n't leave your face scarred when used the right way . Whiteheads and blackheads are eliminated quickly with less squeezing and damage . I would recommend to anyone who likes to pick on their face or tends to have scarring as a result .
 I love this soap , so I thought the crayon soap would make if funfor my granddaughters . Excellent product and service .
 This astringent leaves my skin feeling so clean and fresh ! At the same time , it 's not really abrasive so my skin does n't turn red or pink when I use it . I know it 's a little pricey , but I 'll definitely purchase it again . It keeps my skin fresh and my acne under control .
 This bronzer works great and it blends well . No need to worry about looking orange . Love this product and recommended !
 I love this product . SO much better than the sun . I live in florida and must be careful of to much sun . Plus I am not one to tan . So I use this within a couple hours you can see the tan started . When I use this first thing in the am I am tanned by afternoon . Just make sure to clean under your nails real well . Smooth into legs and do not use to much or you will streak . I use enough to cream into skin - you can always add more . Go slow at first .
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she and I were both very pleased . This is an excellent-quality brush that looks great and performs well , without costing nearly as much as a fine English brush such as a Kent . The olivewood is beautiful .
 This beautiful olive-wood , boar bristle brush , I think , must have been born for each other ! At age 68 one might imagine that I 've tried nearly every promising brush on the market , correctly , and usually ended up with one of the el cheapos that are so abundant . Then , miracle of miracles , I stumbled across this wonder!I have thinning , very fine , light-weight hair that 's always ben a problem since childhood . If I could 've stayed there , probably would n't have mattered much.However , as I aged with a medium-short to medium-long `` Priceton '' hairstyle , depending on my mood , it became harder and harder to 1 -RRB- brush my hair suitably and 2 -RRB- hold it there.After years of similar type brushes , I recently acquired the Swissco olive wood natural boar oval brush , and , despite enormous skepticism , was delighted to find that IT WORKS ! I have a Jerusalem olive-wood Bible with olive-wood covers and do n't even need to compare the two to know that the wood is the same.Highly recommended , from a skeptic .
 I 'm always on the hunt for the ultimate facial cleanser , and usually they are too harsh , too drying , or not effective at all . I finally landed on a gentle , non-foaming cleanser that 's good enough for now and decided that I 'd have my washcloth make up the difference . Changing from cotton terry washcloths to microfiber has made the biggest difference in the world . Now I feel like it really does n't matter which cleanser I use as long as I 've got this microfiber cloth . It feels so buttery soft against my skin , yet has surprisingly good cleansing and exfoliating ability . The trick is , after you wipe the cleanser off of your skin with it , make sure that you wash all the cleanser off of the cloth and use it in a clean and wet state to gently rub areas that need extra attention . The effects wo n't usually be noticeable right away , but when I sleep on it , the following morning , I can tell that my skin looks better.I usually rave about how microfiber cloths have minimized or eliminated the need for using harsh chemicals when I clean the house -- now I can say the same for my face ! I no longer have to worry that the extra gentle cleansers -LRB- which I prefer -RRB- are n't doing the job well enough on days that I wear makeup , because the microfiber cloths more than finish the job.Also , as with all microfiber cloths , it dries very quickly , keeping it fresh longer -LRB- ensuring that it 's dry and ready to use each time -RRB- and making it very travel-ready ! I do n't use this for my body - only for my face . I highly discourage having a dual-use cloth for both face and body . If you must use this for your body , get a separate one for your face .
 I have been using these for years , but they are hard to find sometimes . I ca n't live without them . I even take them with me when I travel . All of my friends and family are now converts as well . I have allergies and have to be very careful around my eyes . These are so soft and non-abrasive . If you have n't tried them , treat yourself !
 I loved it in combination with the perfume and the lotion . I love this scent and how tha package looks just like the perfumes
 daughter of Richard - Ive used a lot of different hangnail clippers because I have hypertropy of my cuticles and so far this one is the best hangnail clipper Ive ever used . I have used everything from Revlon which was okay but its old to La Cross which is horrible because it doesnt cut at all . The Revlon was okay but everytime I cut my cuticles and hangnails it would start to bleed . It is a very old hangnail clipper and it has become extremely dull . So far Ive used the Tweezerman abotu three times ; its cuts well , my cuticles dont bleed , and they arent sore . I highly recommend this product to anyone with cuticle and hangnail problems : -RRB-
 Nicely packaged and attractive little bottles . Nice fragrances , which I bought as a gift , for a teen .
 I originally got this for my son at Macy 's for considerably more . I am a female who loves scent on a man , but not those cheap drug store variety 's . If you like Aramis , which is strong than you may like this . Not for fragrance haters . A little goes a long way . However my issue was with the seller , with a major attitude . I never got this and they refused to make good on it . Lost or delivered to someone else , who cares . For this price it may be one of those diluted rebottled deals . But I dont know > Take a chance ??? I did . If its the original product , your okay.I would wear it myself , thats how much I liked it . This is for the classy dresser/groomer type of guy .
 My dad has been using this cologne for as long as I can remember apparently he really likes it because he religiously gets a refill . I decided to buy this for him for father 's day and the shipping was so fast it was awesome !
 KISS MY FACE SOAP-excellant and so great for the whole body-during this long winter that we have hadthey should ship packaged together and not allowing it to toss in the box , as it chips the soap
 Compared to the Olive & Aloe bar , this one seems to lather better . I 've been very happy with this formula overall.I also tried the Olive & Honey bar , but it had a smell that was somewhat overwhelming .
 apparently she loves this , and the price was just right . dont know why shes soooo attached to this in particular.thanks
 What can I say . I got this product for my wife who is a Beautiful user . It was a stocking stuffer . The product came promptly without damage . It 's a good buy .
 Combine with a small amount of Beautiful perfume for a lasting effect . Arrived quickly and in great condition . No need for extra boxes , bells or whistles . Excellent deal
 I 've used this lotion for many years and I love the lightness of it . I see the ounces , but I was not aware it was so small and would come in 2 separate tubes . I will get from the department store next time . I do n't wear this perfume anymore , but the lotion has always smelled good .
 Excelente ! a good product like the page showed , I like so much ! very good service and delivery . Thank so much
 this product is just as wonderful as if I had bought it at the department store Like I usually do will by again
 Love the Beautiful fragrance , but in the lotion , I can wear to work and it last all day , and I get a lot of complements about it even when it 's at the end of the day . It 's a very soft smell which I adore .
 I have been using Beautiful along time but never tried the Body Lotion , it is wonderful and glides on smooth and delicious to the skin . . Love the way it stays on my bedclothes. : -RRB- I will be buying more in the future .
 I got this with a gift set , along with the perfume . I actually use the lotion more than the perfume . It is just a bit lighter and softer , and smells wonderful when combined with freshly showered skin . I use it every time I get out of the bath and reserve the spray for days I hurry out the door and need a little extra something .
 this lotion is awesome . it 's not oily an the scent lasts all day . the price is right and it 's an excellent gift for others . it 's not too strong either . i use it daily .
 Top of the Line !!! Tweezerman Cobalt Cuticle Nipper performs this cut with ease and exquisite accuracy . The tool came quickly in the mail and everything worked out great !
 great surgical quality product ... i wo n't be buying another one -LRB- unless i lose this one ! -RRB- way better than the crap you buy at cvs or similar
 I typically get a clear manicure when I 'm at the salon for a pedicure . This seemed to be the one tool that I needed to do the clear manicure myself and save $ 20 . It arrived this week and it works great . Its a bit hard to get used to clipping my right hand cuticles , but overall its great . The size of the sharp clipping shear area is just the right size -LRB- I have smallish hands , so smaller size is best for me -RRB- .
 These are very impressive . They do great work on my cuticles , although I feel very nervous with them as they are sharp . They will eat whatever you feed them , be it live skin or cuticle that you want gone . They make my nail bed look beautiful , though . I highly recommend them . Much better than the full or 1/2 . Worth the substantial price .
 I use the this tool in the building of custom fishing rods . In attaching guides and creating decorative wraps I need to trim the thread perfectly flush . When this is done under tension the tag end gets pulled back under the wraps . The Tweezerman Cobalt Cuticle Nipper performs this cut with ease and exquisite accuracy . The Quarter Jaw takes a little getting used to as there is a gap behind the jaws . It 's not difficult to adjust to but a larger jaw might be even easier to use . I was surprised how small this tool is . More surprising is how comfortable it is in use . Some tools are so exceptional they become like friends . This is such a tool . The Half Jaw might even be better .
 After much research , I decided to buy this product and boy am glad I did ! The material used does n't crack over time like most of them do . I 've only had the pleasure of using this for nearly three months though so I ca n't give more of a review .
 Due to the price of colognes I tend to stick with experience-proven brands . However , a recent Black Friday sale allowed me to experiment with a few new ones ; and Pino Silvestre was one of them . I chose Pino because I figured it was a classic scent ; coming out in 1955 . This product is sensual & romantic and is rapidly becoming my favorite . The scent is woodsy . I 'd recommend it as best suited for a winter evening ; or any intimate occasion . The bottle resembles a pine cone ; I just wish it was a * BIGGER * pine cone!The particular set I purchased also arrived with a shower & shampoo gel . Of course this gel is fragranced with the Pino scent , but does not have much of a lather .
 I 've enjoyed this cologne for several years now , it gets a lot of compliments from women and men , but why CD makes it so `` subtle '' to the point of completely disappearing amounts to a ripoff when you consider the expense . Getting caught in a light rain might fire it up a little , but -LRB- for me -RRB- all traces of it are gone in a couple of hours .
 Eau Sauvage By Christian Dior For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 6.7 Oz / 200 Ml . - The product is just the same as it was described , and was original .
 I have been using this EDT for a long time and I still love it . Yes , it 's light and goes away after a couple of hours but it sure beats one that goes on very strong so it can last all day . The price seems to get more expensive lately . I usually purchase mine -LRB- a 3.4 oz bottle -RRB- when during my layover in Singapore at a duty-free shop . The last time I was there -LRB- only a week ago -RRB- , the price is 40 % higher -LRB- USD92 -RRB- . I am glad I found a seller on Amazon that sells a 6.7 oz bottle for USD90 . I love it . I am very tempted to buy another bottle from this seller just to stock up .
 This is the only cologne I use and when I heard it was going to be cancelled , I panicked . Then I found it at Amazon . Thank you sooo very much . Delivery is quick and the site is so easy to use .
 Good sturdy product . Used before lasted 10 Years . Remains sharp and does cut well , i would highly recommend it to anyone .
 I love this perfume ... I was heart broken when Macy 's stopped carrying it ... and on a whim ... typed in Calyx on one of my many Amazon trips ... and voila ... there it was ... and I jumped on it.So glad I did ... I love this scent and it 's perfect for Spring/Summer -LRB- nice and light -RRB- ... thank you Amazon ... will be getting the shower gel and lotion.Good buy ... Great price !!
 I 've been wearing this perfume for over 10 years . I love it . I receive many compliments ! It is fresh , clean and brightens my day !
 This was recommended by a friend and I love it . Not sweet , not suffocating just the perfect amount of fragrance that is light and fresh .
 My favorite perfume . Very fresh scent . Not to sweet . Receive many compliments on this perfume . Would buy it again for sure .
 This scent is well worth trying . Not overpowering at all . For those who like scents that are not so strong .
 I have always loved this scent but it 's not for everyone . Women either love it or hate it . Prescriptives ' Calyx line has recently been relisted after a time off the market . It 's wonderful stuff . Now I need to see if my girlfriend agrees . Will give it to her on her birthday . Check back for results .
 Calyx is a fresh , youthful , exhilarating fragrance . It 's popularity with young women was assured with its launching , and has remained steady.Inspired by the art of Faberge , Prescriptives offered a solid Calyx in a Limited Edition , a wonderful way to carry this scent -LRB- if you can find it ! -RRB- It is presented in a neon green enamel sphere touched with silver points.Calyx is also available in candles , purse spray , body lotion , talc , and shower gel .
 Look , I hear gals occasionally wear guys scents . My personal favorite cologne is a grapefruit scent from England . But there is something about the Calyx that , to paraphrase one reviewer `` smells like the summer to come . '' And it 's true . I usually keep it in the car because I like how it 's smell relaxes me in traffic but I 've actually mixed it with a light musk oil for the summer and it sets me in a nice mood . I like the cut grass overtones that get mellowed by the musk and has me smelling like a sexy beast running through fields of flowers -LRB- yes , a sexy beast running through flowers ! -RRB-
 I have always loved Calyx.I receive so many compliments on this exhilarating scent.It 's so fresh , clean , and very unique.I did n't think I would be able to find it , but I did.I look forward to ordering more , in the near future.I 'm a very , very happy customer !!!
 I do n't know why but this is not one of my favorite perfumes . The scent is definitely flowers and it 's of a medium strength , not too strong , not too light . But for some reason , to my tastes , it 's kind of boring and regular . There 's not much pizzazz to the scent.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's a good perfume and I suspect many people might like it quite a bit . It certainly fits the category of perfumes I tend to like , I just like others more .
 A sweet friend has complimented me on using this fragrance , which I have enjoyed for a number of years . I feel that it 's a good value for the price . I bought this item as a gift for her and she has used and enjoyed it .
 highly recommend . the scent is tart and the smell recognition is summer ... all year long .
 It 's a nice product ... I really like it . I like even better that I got it as a gift , because that price is really exorbitant . I do appreciate and like to support companies that pay attention to quality ingredients - I do , though , suspect that this is often an excuse to jack up the price more than is necessary .
 The best makeup is not French , but German , and the best German makeup is DR. HAUSCHKA.The most important thing about this product is that it contains SAFE INGREDIENTS with little or no questionable or toxic material . You are putting makeup on your face and lips . Do you really know what most of it contains ? Put your mind at ease with DR. HAUSCHKA.I 'm reviewing the powder , but this review applies to all products from this company .
 I bought this mainly to blot the oil on my face . I 've used it for a week and my aesthetician friend noticed that my skin was a lot smoother and more vibrant . She made this comment after I took a shower and had no powder on . I 've been using other Dr. H 's stuff as well but this product further improved my skin.It 's pricey but for me , a little goes a long way .
 This soap is worth the price ! Each bar is 1/2 LB of silky smooth lather that lasts ! When I used it I was amazed by how long the lather lasts on my washcloth . Plus the bar itself is HUGE ! At least 2x bigger than any bar of soap I 've ever bought . And I have LAVA soap in the house ... this soap is still bigger . It barely fits in my soap dish.I 've been using Yardley 's English soap , and I have to constantly re-lather my washcloth to get anything done . Using this -LSB- Kiss my Face -RSB- after a hot day at work and I felt refreshed and very confident in it 's moisturizing ability . It also only has 5 ingredients , all natural . I plan on buying more in the other fragrances , to have some variety . Very glad that I took the chance .
 This is a super great natural soap that everyone should use.Most people do not realize that their skin absorbs the stuff they put on it . Well , just take the time to read what is on that bar of soap you are using - do you really want all those strange sounding chemicals absorbed through your skin and floating around your body ? I do n't think so.Check out the ingredients on this natural soap . It is full of natural things . And it smells great , feels great on the skin , lathers well , and is a real pleasure to use.If you give it a try you will never go back to regular soap .
 This is a wonderful brand . All of their products are superb . Makes skin soft with no soap film . The soap is like an air freshener -- smells fantastic .
 This soap smells heavenly , does n't dry out the skin , and is n't full of synthetic chemicals , fragrances , or preservatives . This is a huge bar and lasts a long time . For a natural product , it sure lathers up well and cleans well too . If you like this soap , another good one is the Zum bar by Indigo Wild .
 I have very sensitive skin and this soap helps keep it nice and smooth . I love the smell and it 's one of my favorite from the Kiss My Face soaps .
 We have been using this soap for some time now and it is much less drying than any of the regular soaps we used to use . Had to switch to natural soaps due to skin irritation and find this is among the best so far . It is less drying , leaves skin soft without as much tightness as other soaps and a bar lasts a very long time . Love this stuff !
 It 's a huge chunk of rectangular military green soap , but that 's the best part . It 'll last our household -LRB- myself and my partner -RRB- 2 weeks , because the soap is so big . LOVE.IT . The smell is not bad , i do n't like the overly perfumed bars so this is perfect and feels much more natural than , say , irish springs . Even Dove soaps can get too overwhelming sometimes . This soap has a great neutral scent that does n't over do it and it does n't last the week that most other smaller soaps last . great brand !
 This is the best hair styling aid I have found . It was introduced to me by a hairdresser . PhytoLisse smooths out all hairstyles while adding sheen , and is particularly effective at minimizing frizz for all types of hair in damp weather .
 I bought this as a gift for a co worker whose name I drew in the holiday gift exchange . She is a more mature lady and she is not computer savvy , so since this fragrance , which is her favorite , is discontinued she does not have the ability to get ahold of it easily . I had overheard her say that she was down to her last bit and how sad she was that she could no longer wear her favorite scent . I bought this and a tub of the dusting powder which I found on Ebay . I spent just a tad over the $ 25 gift limit , but it was well worth it . SHE SCREAMED IN DELIGHT when she opened her bag at our gift exchange . I was so happy to make another person 's day with something so simple . And to be honest , she always did , and does , smell very nice . Sweet but still light and clean , not overbearing .
 I have used Cachet Cologne for well over 10 to 15 years , but these days it is difficult to find Cachet in a store - so I must buy it on-line . Most regular priced fragrances quickly smell like sewer water on my skin - but Cachet smells so great throughout the day . Even after all these years I frequently get comments from strangers about how pleasant my perfume smells . Cachet is definitely my signature scent.I go through about 6-3 .2 oz bottles each year and I wear it every day - even while I am at home.Peggi McDonald -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I LOVE this perfume ! I really ca n't wear strong perfumes so this one is perfect . I get lot 's of compliments when I wear it . Sometimes I 'm embarrassed to say that it is so inexpensive because many people think you have to spend a lot of money in order for it to be good . Not so with this one . I 'm so happy that I will still be able to wear it since it 's almost impossible to find in stores anymore .
 Impossible to get in stores any more . Bought 2 bottles and received them in a timely manner .
 I have shopped and shopped looking for my favorite perfume to bo avail.I am so glad I found it here and I bought two . I will definately be buying more plus when someone wants to know what to give me for my birthday , mother 's day , or any ossassion I will refer them here ... pleas do n't stop offering it , that happens to me alot . When I find something I really really love and go to purchase more ... they stopped selling it for one reason or another !! Thanks again and my husband thanks you too , he says it reminds him of when we were in high school and I use to wear it then!Nancy Szeto
 I have used this perfume for fifty years and it still smells the very best on me and has not become too expensive to wear .
 Years ago I used Cachet all the time and loved it . I have n't been able to find it in any local stores so I pretty much gave up on ever finding it again . One day before Christmas my husband asked if I had tried to find the Cachet at Amazon . Oh my , it 's there ! I was so excited ! He told me that if I wanted a bottle than go ahead and order one and it would be a Christmas gift . Well , I love Cachet so much that I jumped at that offer from my husband but , instead of buying one bottle of Cachet , I purchased two . I was so excited ! When the order arrived at my house , I could n't resist , I had to open both bottles and test to make sure they were the real Cachet and in good condition . Thank you Amazon !
 If you wore this back in the ' 70 's , you 'll remember how it works . It was made specifically to work with an individuals body chemistry . How , not sure , but I do remember how it would smell completely different on each of us . It was as made in a `` cream '' version , like a body lotion , but I 'm assuming this works on the same premise . One girlfriend wore it all the time because it smelled amazing on her ! I ran out to get some but found out it did n't smell anything like what she was wearing . I was so jealous that I could n't get that fragrance on me . So , I guess what I 'm trying to say is that this can truly be one of those fragrances that is definitely going to smell different on everyone . And if you 're one of the lucky ones whose chemistry mixes just right with it , you will have a beautiful and unique , one-of-a-kind fragrance for yourself .
 I bought this for a friend for Christmas last year and she really enjoyed the fragrance , so I would recommend it .
 love this fragrance and also gor body sray to go along with this product which was a very nice choice for my very special occasions
 This is my wife 's favorite and has been for many years . Glad I found it at this good price ! Will definitely reorder .
 If this version really is reformulated , it 's enough like the one I had in my twenties to bring back fond memories . Such a lovely scent . It really is ` an oldie , but a goodie ! '
 I am allergic to many fragrances , which give me horrible headaches . Cachet is just about the only cologne I have ever been able to wear . It is a light scent , not heavy at all , and I always get compliments on the fragrance . I have n't been able to find it in stores for several years . I am glad to still be able to get it on Amazon .
 I have always worn cachet , when it became impossible to purchase it locally I turned to the internet , and much to my surprise I found it on amazon . This is my signature scent and I will wear nothing else.So very pleased to be able to purchase and receive it in a timely manner .
 Great transaction , Great Great product . Ya ca n't find this product in stores anymore . Shipping was fast and prices are very reasonable .
 I have n't used it but it 's the exact item I used to buy and can not find anywhere ! It 's the only cologne my husband can stand for me to wear .
 My favorite perfume , and it 's getting harder to find . Glad I found it here .
 I liked it pretty well , but prefer perfume more . If I layer it , its a little strong for my liking , but they do both smell good . It does n't take much lotion , so it will probably last awhile .
 My daughter gave me this fragrance as a mother 's day gift about 11 years ago I fell in love with it soon after it was discontinued it 's the best when I found it on Amazon I shouted
 I have a hard time finding Glamorous any where love this scent , why is this so hard to find I wonder why it is not carry everywhere
 Truly a happy camper , great price , timely delivery , and so pleased to find this item because the fragrance has been discontinued ... The bottles of perfume were a little too pricey , so the lotion was a great alternative ...
 These were a bit difficult to install however once up , they are sturdy and so very handy . They keep my area a little less messy .
 This is one of my all-time favorite fragrances . It 's strong , yet soft ; subtle , yet memorable . It 's suitable for day or night , and this fragrance will satisfy any desire ... and maybe spark a few in whomever gets a whiff of it . In my opinion , what makes this perfume so unique is the inclusion of calla lilies in the bouquet of beautiful floral scents . It 's not often used in perfumes , but I ca n't imagine why . It creates such an unusually beautiful dynamic to the aroma that you 'd think every parfumerie would be throwing calla lilies into perfumes left and right . But apparently only dear Ralph Lauren caught on to the classic aromatic qualities of the flower , and we get to reap the benefits of his excellent taste . Do yourself a favor and try this perfume on for size - I guarantee you 'll love it . It bridges the gap from an average daytime floral perfume , to dynamic , striking evening-appropriate floral-oriental , and does so with grace and style that so many perfumes lack . Sadly it has been discontinued by Ralph Lauren , so hurry and get this one before it disappears for good .
 Glamourous by Ralph Lauren is the most memorable perfume/cologne I have ever used . Each time I wear it , I get so many compliments from men and women , asking what I have on . It is a puzzle to me just why Ralph quit making it . If I could see him in person , I would beg him to bring it back .
 I just love this perfume . I have been using it since this perfume just came out in the market . I think it was more than ten years . The fraqrance is classic but not strong at all . Moreover , it is really long-lasting . Ralph Lauren are not making this perfume anymore ; therefore , I switched it to Chanel Allure . I will not compare their smell because it depends on individual 's preference . However , Ralph Lauren did make Glamourous very long-lasting , elegant and delicate . I got many compliments when I worn it . I do n't understand why Ralph Lauren does n't make it anymore . Hopefully , they will produce it again . I bet I 'm not the only one who want them to do so .
 One of the world 's best fragrances . Classic . Lasts for a long time . My mother always gets compliments when she wears it . I think it is good for middle age woman , not for teenagers . Though , it probably depends on your personality .
 I love this product ! I 've been using it for a couple of years and started noticing the difference rather quickly . Very light cream , easy to put on around the entire eye . Not messy or thick . It plumps out the fine lines around the eye giving a soft look around the eyes .
 Just the right amount of sweet and is perfect for coffee and tea breaks . Does not have the artificial taste so many ginger cookies have .
 If you like gingershaps and lemon you will love the taste of these cookies . I am glad the amazon has them on their website .
 My hair was very weak and was falling out so I decided to try this shampoo . Ive been using it for over six months and it works great . My hair is longer and stronger and I definitely recommend it if you have very weak thin hair .
 This product is one of the best I 've found so far that work 's for very dry scalp . I have taken my grandkids to the doctors for this very dry scalp problem that wo n't go away , we tried the doctors prescription many times and various shampoo 's but nothing seem to work , so I decided to search the net for any garlic product , being that I was taught from home remedies that garlic is very good for alot of things , that can be solve from home instead of going to a doctor , then I came across this garlic shampoo and decided to give it a try and I did . I must say since I used it that I have n't seen the whity dry scalp anymore in their hairs . I would highly recommend this product to anyone which I 'm already spreading the word around to my friends that have kids with the same problem . Please try this product along with the conditioner also , the garlic oil is very good for cuts , pimples , bruises , etc. only thing the oil ca n't be shipped to the virgin islands . This product is very very good , ca n't stress it enough . Hope my review was very helpful . Have a blessed day.You can contact me at -LRB- deliciouslydee00841@yahoo.com -RRB- ClintonaSt . Croix , U.S.V.I.
 hey guys , This shampoo is n't going to stop your hair loss and grow more hair over night , however what it can do is help slow down the process . I also found it to prevent dandruff that my minoxidil had caused . I tried a lot of anti dandruff shampoo 's , and even though this is n't marketed for that reason , it sure helps a great deal . use it every other day in combination with your regular shampoo and conditioner . So overall , it does make your hair loss slow down , and makes your hair look thicker to boot . what 's best about it , is that it does n't have all the extra chemicals that normal shampoo 's do , and it helps to prevent excessive dandruff .
 I 'm 19 and had some hair falling out in the shower and a bit throughout the day -LRB- which is normal -RRB- , but I wanted to minimize my losses because I already have fine hair and I 'm growing it out . After the first use my hair became stronger and I had essentially NO hair loss in the shower . I 've been using it for almost two months now and have a less hair loss than before I started using it . I ca n't be sure , but I think its making my hair grow a bit faster too :-RRB- I took one star off because it contains sulfates , if it were all natural it would be a big five stars ! I will continue to repurchase unless I find an all natural garlic shampoo . Another plus is that its a lot of shampoo for a good price , woohoo !
 After I had my daughter , I saw that i had some hair loss . So i started taking vitamins and did some research online . I read a lot about garlic shampoo but I could n't find any at stores near me ! Was n't excited about paying the shipping and handling since it was more than the item . But honestly it works great . I 've been using it for 2 months and my hair is fuller , thicker , longer , and not falling out any more . Beyond worth it .
 This shampoo , even when used with it 's conditioner , is drying . Leaves hair feeling like you 've washed it with dish liquid temporarily . It does make my hair slightly thicker so it was well worth the money
 I do n't like the smell of this product but its not like unacceptable so I will go with it . I have very fine hair and pretty thin especially on the top of my head . It always look flat when my hair grows longer as they would get down . BUT believe it or not I seriously grew more hair after 1 month use of this product , and my hair feel less oily . As I am an oily person if I do n't wash my hair everyday I feel the oils would weight my hair down for even just a day . But after this shampoo my hair totally transform . The result is for real my sister said my hair grows longer and faster than before and it is totally more hair . I totally recommend this for person who have thin hair , but keep that in mind this shampoo would dry your hair for sure just like all the shampoos out there that claim to promote hair growth . So just a conditioner that can really moisture your hair , that way you wo n't tear your hair when you comb it due to the dryness .
 This shampoo helped my hair be stronger , so I have lost fewer hairs and has helped my scalp . I 've bought tons of dandruff shampoos but never helped at all . This helped , is n't completely gone yet but still ! The smell it 's bad . It does have a scent incase you were wondering -LRB- I saw some comments where people thought there was n't one -RRB- It smells good to me . I love it . WIll repurchase !
 When I received this product the company did not seal the opening . The product had leaked onto my receipt and box causing me to lost of the product . I email the company and had no replies back . Other than that , the shampoo itself smelled great . Sort of like a baby powder scent . I have overall thin asian hair and wanted to reduce my hair from falling out . I have seen a little difference . But love the feel of my hair after using this shampoo .
 I recently purchased this shampoo and used it for the first time yesterday . I am hispanic and have long , curly hair -LRB- not thick or thin , in between -RRB- . It did not smell like garlic at all and had a nice scent to it . I like to smell my shampoo on my hair throughout the day and I did with this shampoo . I can not say for sure if it will prevent hair loss , but what I can say is that although I have only used it once , I see a change in my hair already . It seems fuller -LRB- even my fiance commented on how much fuller it looked -RRB- , its softer , and less strands of hair fall out throughout the day . I recently had a problem with a lot of hair loss , which is the main reason why I purchased this shampoo . Usually if I run my hands through my hair , at least 3-6 strands would fall out , EVERY TIME . But almost immediately after using the shampoo , only 1 or no strands at all come out . I am going to continue using the shampoo as recommended and will update my review in a few weeks .
 At the suggestion of a friend I wanted to try this shampoo for my thinning hair . Though the product said a time frame of about six months Im happy with the results thus far . My only hang up is the product is not readily available at your local store -LRB- beauty or health -RRB- so its hard to avoid the charges and shipping knew there was a catch . .
 I think this is the best product so far for those having problem of hair loss , you may notice a huge difference at the begining , you have to use it regularly , i noticed after a month of using this shampoo that my hair loss is much much less than before , i strongly recommend this shampoo plus i didnt notice any side effects of using it .
 I damaged my hair by dyeing it and teasing it and straightening/curling it a lot through high school . I was very young and naive but of course I now regret it but I was left with split ends , dry brittle , damaged hair . I cut all my long hair off and decided to start over . I used this product and it helped tremenduously . I now have long , healthy soft hair . I only use this once or twice a month though . When I first started I did it according to the directions on the label but then kinda started doin my own thing .
 I do not use this product as frequent as required . My hair is very curly and does not require frequent shampooing . I use this product one a week . I have felt a difference in my hair . It feels thicker .
 I thought this was a men 's cologne . I got a free sample of this stuff a few months ago . I almost broke the vial open to get the remaining little bit that would n't come out of the spray nozzle.If I could bring myself to spend this amount on cologne , I would surely buy this stuff.Definitely something everyone should try . I actually was n't that big of a fan when I first tried it . But it grows on you , and then you ca n't get enough.Honestly , nothing compares to this cologne . Well , maybe Chanel Bleu . .
 I 've used this product for years along with all female members of my family . It is a superior product in helping to strengthen brittle , peeling nails and is also great for use with healthy nails to provide added strength.Over the past few years this product has been discontinued in stores in our area . I 've been dismayed that I could ' t find my old tried and true Develop 10 anywhere!In the past two years I 've tried lots of other products hoping to find something to compare and have been sorely disappointed each and every time.Then , as luck would have it , I decided to do a search on Amazon and found the long lost Develop 10 . I bought two bottles and will be back to buy more when these run out.I highly recommend this product to anyone who loves their nails and wants them to look their best .
 Develop 10 is the only nail product I have found to help my paper thin apliting nails grow . I have tried lots of products and this is , in my opinion , the best . I love it , and will continue to use it .
 I had n't been able to find Develop 10 for a while , so of course I searched on line . It 's a wonderful product . The best I 've ever used .
 This product was recommended to by someone over 10 years ago -LRB- I can not remember who -RRB- . All I know is that when I was younger , I would get gel nails/acrylic nails and whatever else . Since then -LRB- 10 years -RRB- and after purchasing this product , my nails grew very very long to the point of never needing a thing but polish . I actually had to constantly cut them . Trust me when I say that once you use this product for about a month , you wouldnt put crap on your nails ever again . Now , my nails are strong , long , and hardly break . All you need is patience and this polish and you cant buy patience , but you CAN give this product a try . IT WORKS !
 I have been using this product for 30 years . It helps keep your nails strong so that they grow nicely without splitting or cracking .
 I was very pleased with the speed of delivery and the product arrived in fine condition .
 Patience pays off!I have been hunting for the perfect summer tea for me for an oolong time and so many times I 've been let down . The Elizabeth Arden teas are good , not great imo . I wanted great.Then comes along Th&eacute; Rouge -LRB- Red Tea -RRB- . Encouraged by a flurry of reviews & a forum post about figs elsewhere online , I bought it blind . I 'm a spice & woods lover and I adore Bvlgari Omnia , so the buy was easy.It 's an oriental lite with rooibos & yunnan teas , sweetened by fig . Th&eacute; Rouge is right up my alley . Summer fresh yet seasonless . Complex & deep yet light & airy . Unique & non-cliche . And it 's pretty cheap ! Lasting power is as expected for an EdC .
 This is a wonderful every day fragrance . It 's light , sweet , and very feminine . On me it is a very simple , soft and etheral scent ; basic sweet red tea that does n't seem to alter as it dries down .
 This are a great fragance specially for a gift , because of the quality of it , and because of the durability that it have
 This is one of the lower priced Bvlgari perfumes and although it is cheaper , they do not sacrafice ANY of the cleaness , or beauty of their scents ! It has hints of rose & tea and is overall a very pretty/classy scent . Def one of my fav summer scents , as I like `` spicier '' scents in the fall & winter . Does anyone know if Bvlgari has more of a `` spicier '' perfume ? Anyways , this perfume is def a great bargain & a wonderful scent !
 I love this perfume . This was my second bottle , and I always end up wearing it in the summer . It 's a very soft , romantic scent . It does n't stay super strong all day , and I have to hold back from spraying too much -LRB- i just walk through one spritz -RRB- . The description is so right
 When shopping at Amazon for something to buy using a $ 25 certificate , I did not really know what I was going to purchase so since I do love perfumes I thought , why not try a new scent ? I have never used Red Tea by Bvlgari before and thought I would be taking a gamble buying a scent that I have never worn , but I was very much surprised when I received it . It 's WONDERFUL ! I knew Bvlgari had never let me down before and this is no exception ! I will buy this scent from now on .
 I ordered this product for my husband who plays golf and is out in the sun quite often . He puts it on his face and it protects him from burning . He really likes this product so I ordered more than one unit .
 I received when they told me I was supposed to be receiving . Satisfied with it and I will buy more !
 I like this dab on sun screen for my granddaughter so I do n't get it in her eyes spraying or rubbing lotion in . The first shipment had leaked inside the package . Seller resent with no problems at all .
 It works great on my kids heads , providing protection along the part line in their hair ... since they wo n't wear hats ! It does n't leave an oily residue and is only has a light fragrance .
 Having many bottles of those spray on sunscreens , it 's really quite a pain to apply sunscreen to my kid 's faces . Almost every time I try to spray my hand and try to apply the sunscreen to my kid 's face , I end up getting uneven coverage or I 'll accidentally get some rubbed on their lips -LRB- something they do n't like -RRB- or get too close to their eyes . With the Spot Stick , I can easily roll the stick over my kid 's face and get fairly good coverage without getting sunscreen where I do n't want it . On top of that , I do n't have to worry about getting sunscreen all over my hands/clothes/etc . The screen is in liquid form -LRB- similar to the mist sunscreen -RRB- and is dispensed when pushes against your kid 's skin . The sunscreen is distributed over a cloth-like material on top -LRB- there are no roller balls , nor is it a chapstick like sunscreen -RRB- . My kid 's favorite parts
 My whole family has been using this product for 2-3 years now and I love it . It feels like there is nothing on your skin . It smells strong as you apply it , but it dissipates very quickly . None of us have ever been burned while using this.Jane MinneapolisOcean Potion Suncare Kids Dab-On Spot Stick , SPF 50 + .65 fl oz -LRB- 19 ml -RRB-
 not greasy , easy to apply to face . If you are sweatinng you should reapply . Container does not leak in the heat . I keep a supply for golf and all summer activities .
 I 'm not a perfume wearer , but this is a product I 've always loved . The lotion and gel were extra surprises for the same price that I 'd paid previously for the spray alone . Quality scent , light and airy .
 This purfume I purchase by mistake and ending up enjoying . I 'm really glad I went out on a whim on this one .
 This product was introduced to me when I was sixteen years old back in 1981 . I remember Saks Fifth Avenue being the only store selling the product at that time.I would always go in and get a samples of Pheromone from the perfume ladies because I could not afford it for a long time . Several years later , I was able to buy the wholegift set . The smell of the perfume is very beautiful and very unique !!!!! Robin
 Started wearing this perfume in 1979 , it is now very difficult to find . Was thrilled to find on Amazon . Smells a little bit different o everyone . I have always recieved tons of compliments when I wear it .
 My husband discovered Hypnotic Poison on a trip to Paris two years ago and loved it . Since that time , I have tried other fragrances but nothing else matches this hypnotic scent . Love it !
 In my early 20s I was addicted to Poison when it first came out . To me this smells pretty similar , but perhaps just an updated chic-er version , but still has those same notes upon drying .
 I wear this as my everyday perfume . I get asked regularly , what are you wearing ?!?!? Would definitely recommend this to anyone how wants to smell great !!!
 When my wife wears this fragrance , she is irresistable!Truly , when you wear this you will receive attention and compliments all day . Nothing else has the attraction power like Hypnotic Poison .
 This is an unforgettable fragrance - one of Dior 's best -LRB- ADDICT is another standout -RRB- and well worth the hefty price . Why ? It is : feminine , RICH , not overpowering , and sensual - VERY sensual . In spite of its sultry sexiness , the fragrance is very classy and sophisticated . The fragrance wears well and is very long lasting . I believe it is one of the best perfumes EVER formulated . Best word to to describe it
 Sexy , sexy stuff , you ought to have to show I.D. to buy it :-RRB- It is the quintessential romantic scent . It smells like every deliscious thing to eat and then some . People will definitely notice this one and it is strictly for fall and winter evenings . Goes well with an expensive bottle of French wine and then use your imagination . Enjoy !
 Have used this perfume for years , this is the smaller bottle but he price is about the same as at the stores . Does n't seem to have the same strength as it does n't last as long during the day as my previous bottle . Still love the scent !!
 I originally fell in love with this fragrance when I smelled it on a friend . Usually , I get tired of using the same fragrance , but was still hooked on this , so recently ordered my second EDT spray . Hypnotic Poison has some vanilla , musk and other frangrances for an awesome blend . You can spray it on in the morning and it will remain with you all day . I also ordered the body lotion and just love the combination .
 lo recibido en venezuela es lo que compre , proveedor confiable lo recomiendo , excelente producto enviado en el tiempo estipulado por el proveedor .
 I will rate this perfume a 5 because the product arrived quickly , was genuine and DOES smell good , but in reality I 'd probably rate it a 4 , only because it wears a little strangely with my body chemistry . It can be very cloying in warm weather , to the point where you feel kind of sick . It also occasionally smells very strongly like play-doh , although sometimes I only get vanilla/rootbeer scents from this perfume . I recommend this perfume for night-time and winter wear . It is surprisingly strong and long-lasting for an EDT . It is a nice , warm , spicy , creamy scent , but it is not for everyone . Avoid this perfume if you do not like vanilla .
 This perfume is amazing . It really represents its name . Its a bit powerful so a little goes a long way . Its a very mature smelling perfume so i would recommend it for women over 35 . I 'm glad i made this purchase
 My husband loves this scent . He says it smells like cookies ; something he could just eat ! I get compliments from men a lot . I think men like the sweet , delectable smell .
 I discovered this scent about three years ago , I have loved it ever since . I always keep a bottle of this in my collection . I wear it for special occasions , when I want people to notice . I always receive a number of comments on this perfume .
 This is my ALL TIME FAVORITE perfume !!!! I also wear poison which I love as well but not as much as this one.It never NEVER FAILS to get complemented on !!! I can almost guarantee you that when you wear this fragrance somebody will ask you what you are wearing and tell you it smells great !!!! This one is a winner . I save this perfume for special occasions when I want to feel extra special .
 This has been my favorite for many years . I try others when given as gifts or using testers in the stores but I never am as happy with it as I am with this . And the compliments from my friends about how I always smell so awesome clenches it !
 Everything with my purchase was fine , except for the shipping . They should advertize the fact that they have to ground ship anything that is flammable . Other than taking 3 weeks to get it the product is great .
 I can not agree more with all the reviews posted . This fragrance is amazing , distinct , and truly addicting . A must have !
 I love this perfume - it suits my wife wonderfully , and she always gets compliments on it wherever we go .
 Love this perfume -- found it originally on a trip to China -- duty free -- and will buy it again and again . I never wear it but someone does n't ask `` is that your perfume -- it 's great . '' I usually wear Joy or Cachet for day to day , but this perfume is becoming my only choice -- it 's a unique smell on each person from what I can tell -- so try it before you buy it .
 This perfume has an amazing , unique scent . It is a very sweet and sensual smell . I would describe it as a sweet almond or amaretto scent . If you like food scents , you will like it . But it 's got a little something extra to make it smell sexier too . It lasts all day . If you get a little bit onto your sleeve , it will be a lovely scent that lasts until you wash it . I always get a ton of compliments on this scent .
 I love this perfume . It stays on longer than most and when I wear it I always get a compliment . Unfortunately , I 've been told , it is discontinued , so I was pleased to find a source .
 This is a wonderful fragrance -- niether flowery nor woodsy/plastic smelling . Truly , a scent with a subtle statement -- use it sparingly . I 'm complimented on it quite frequently . Glad I tried it .
 I love this fragrance . I ran out several months ago , and missed using this fragrance . I HAD to buy it the other day . I can not wait to receive it . The vanilla scent is wonderful . Everytime I wear it , someone asks me what fragrance I am wearing . It is hypnotic !
 Ca n't find a better fragrance that 's sweet and lasting . I just wish the price would drop on this product , no matter where you go it 's expensive , but Amazon has it a bit cheaper so kudos !
 So soft , milky & powdery . Very sexy but still appropriate for daytime wear . Sweet/tart apricot wrapped in coconut/vanilla/almond . Once had a guy tell me it smelled like `` sexy sunscreen '' . . haha .
 I guarantee that once you try this perfume , you will be hooked . I have been using this product for years . I have other perfumes that I use but this is my favorite . You do n't need to put too much on , just a little . I guarantee that it will last all evening ! Do n't be surprised if people walk up to you and ask what you are wearing . It happens to me all the time .
 I ca n't stay away from my wife when she wears this . It is the most exciting scent I 've ever enjoyed !
 I picked up this perfume in the store and smelled it almost as a joke
 I absolutely love this perfume ! It smells so sexy ! If you are looking for a good gift for someone this perfume is it !
 I bought this for my mom and she looved it . I think it 's a bit heavy for me since I prefer fresh scents . But if you like vanilla-jasmine scents , you should give this a shot.I tried it on myself and it stays on for a long time . I had one puff on my wrist but it stayed on for a day , I had a shower and I was still able to smell it a little afterwards.One other thing was the fast shipping and very good packing for the product . I can say that I am fully satisfied .
 i Absolutely Adore this perfume . It is Romantic , Sexxy , Sultry , Delicious.The Smell is so Tantalizing . My Boyfriend LOVES it -LRB- and he is not big on smells or compliments -RRB- He is always complimenting every time i wear this Perfume . Hints of Vanilla , & Sandalwood , among other scents , these really stand out and in a warm , calm way . Just Beautiful . mmm makes me feel so sexy.Fast Delivery & the price is right.Go out and buy some today ... Get ready for Romance !
 I 've used the product before , so it 's what I expected . Very viscous , makes hair extremely smooth after being blowed dry .
 It does everything I expected . With brush-on SPF I usually put it on top of my sunscreen lotion to kind of &#34; hold it in place &#34; so it does n't get into my eyes . A very effective way to add a little extra spf on the top and make sure your lotion does n't sweat off as easy . And regardless of it being translucent , I think it gives you some slight coverage .
 I love that I can reapply sunscreen during the day without ruining my makeup . I am only giving this product four stars because it 's hard to tell how thoroughly you have applied it . Otherwise , I love this and have it in my purse at all times .
 This is a really nice foundation that is packaged cleverly with a pump so you do n't have to stick your fingers in it and possibly contaminate it with bacteria . I bought the lightest shade 10 Watts because I 'm ghostly and right now , in the dead of winter , it 's probably a shade too dark but it really does n't matter because it melts into the skin and does n't look plastered on or fake . It evens out minor redness and does n't cake up into the fine lines starting around my eyes . In full sunlight my skin looks dewy and fresh BUT you can see the little particles of Mica so if you dislike illuminating powders/foundations/eyeshadow you may want to skip this or try it out at a counter before buying . Also , it 's a little on the sheer side and I still need a concealer for dark circles and any blemishes that crop up because I do n't like packing and layering foundation . If you have troubled skin this probably will not offer enough coverage for you but it 's perfect for a quick , natural look and is my new go-to foundation .
 Cheap ! And i love this makeup because it covers all blimished but yet looks natural ! Usually the makeup costs $ 20-30 but on here it is only $ 10 !
 I am in his 30sliked this product ^_^ I bought two.I CHOSE 10 and . 20 andMingle colors together to acquired velvety skin color glossy . Product is wonderful and Wonderful for looking for natureand natural beauty ^_^
 I must say , This is the fastest any company has shipped an order . It arrived very quickly and the product was as promised . A super great price for this cosmetic . And stila foundation is the best
 I first found this remarkable ` flawless skin in a bottle ' about 5 years ago . I have never looked back ! Everybody comments on how healthy my skin looks and that I just look great . I tried a Giorgio Armani one for a change recently and the compliments stopped . The price of 26 is really reasonable considering the quality and a little goes a long way . You can apply it lightly for a beach nude look or layer it up for a wow factor at night . Recently my stockists in Edinburgh stopped supplying it -LRB- Space NK and House of Fraser -RRB- . Space NK said they were n't able to keep up with the demand and I must admit my 40 watts shade -LRB- perfect shade -RRB- I would buy in bulk when I could as it was always out of stock . Just goes to show that other people have discovered this little secret too ! I am now able to buy online via Amazon and have it shipped from the US . Not ideal but for this product it 's worth it ! Look younger with this wonder ! 10/10
 My wife was extremely satisfied with this product . It was as she expected . Received it very quickly which was a plus .
 I loved the old formula -LRB- the product photos above show the old formula bottle with the silver top , while the new formula has a black top -RRB- and this listing is for the NEW black topped foundation bottle -LRB- fyi -RRB- . The old formula 's consistency was more runny , -LRB- which actually did n't bother me because it gave me a Dew-y look that I loved and it looked great even though I have oily skin -RRB- and it was easier to build up the coverage . The newer formula is a little bit thicker , but it 's feels more `` fluffy '' than anything else -LRB- meaning it 's feels like it 's been whipped so that there is more air in the foundation -RRB- . And the new formula is definitely made for a lighter coverage , not nearly as buildable as the old version -LRB- not that it was easy to build up coverage with the old version either , or that it was very unlikable , took a lot of foundation -RRB- . But I 'm going to try with a stippling brush instead of sponges in the near future , so that will probably help out a lot in getting more coverage . Will let you know how it goes after testing it out for a while.BUT here 's the main reason I love this foundation
 I have been using this product for many years and it is still the best foundation make-up I have ever used ...
 I 'm a professional model and actress and I 've never tried Stila products before this . It 's absolutely perfect for everyday wear . It goes on light and evens out my skin without looking like I have a ton of makeup caked on my face . I also like the subtle glow that it gives.I 'm a natural redhead with a very unique , very pale skintone . I have a lot of trouble finding foundations that are n't too dark or too `` orange-y '' . The Stila 10 watts has solved my troubles.As a model , I would n't use this for a photoshoot because it does n't provide the maximum coverage needed for such things , but for regular daily wear it 's great .
 I am absolutely crazy about this foundation ! I have dry skin and I am always looking for a foundation that does n't make the dryness any worse -LRB- and if it improves my skin-even better ! -RRB- but still offers medium - and hopefully buildable - coverage . This foundation is all that and more ! First , the shade 20 Watts is PERFECT for my skin tone
 The product works as advertised . However , if you do n't wash your hair before you go to bed at night , you will wake up to a black mess on your pillow .
 This definitely works as it expands the hair follicle and helps brighten the day . Of course , if you are totally lacking in the hair dept. this will never totally work .
 I ordered this product thinking it was a spray but when I received it I found it to be a powder . I tried it and was very happy with the results . My hair is white and a little thin and my scalp is pink . It whitens my scalp giving the appearance of thicker hair and you do n't see the powder . I will definately order this product again .
 Excellent concealer , I ' ve been using it for more than 4 years , no one had noticed toppik neither my thinning areas . Advice
 I am over 60 , and have baby fine brown hair and a very white scalp . I tried using eyebrow pencil at my part , but it never looked quite right . I have found that this works really well to hide my thin spots and make my hair look thicker ! I bought dark brown but it seems just a little too dark , so next time , I may try a shade lighter .
 This product has saved my self esteem . I am a 53 year old WOMAN suffering from hereditary female pattern baldness . It is emotionally devastating . I was at the point where i no longer wanted to go out of the house and I stopped in the bathroom as soon as I entered any building to see if my comb-over needed to be adjusted . I was shopping for the right hairpiece . I spent hours and hours researching every and any product which could help . I tried numerous suggestions to no avail . Then I found Toppik . It is the one product I can not live without . I would want this instead of mascara or anti-aging cream or lipstick , or even a supportive bra . That is saying a lot since I never go out without any of those . Try it . It is awesome . Very natural looking . No one ever gets caught looking at my bald spot anymore . They think I have hair .
 I like the product for the coverage it provides . I thought it would make it fuller but it did n't . It was merely a coverup at best . There was no fullness or appearance of fullness at all . Overall I could spend less and get the same results , however it did n't come off on my clothing and it stayed on until I shampooed it out . Having it stay on and not run was very good and I will buy it again.Toppik Hair Building Fibers , Auburn , 0.36-Ounce
 I absolutely love this product . If you have a little bit of thinning hair on the top/around the bangs/the crown/temples , then this is the product for you ! I work at a pretty physically active job requiring me to wear a cranial a lot of the day and it does n't smear , run off , is easy to apply with the spray applicator that you buy separately , and is one of the best things I have ever purchased . Just spray it with a light misting of hairspray after you apply to keep it in place . No one would ever know you were using a product , it blends that well . Get the correct shade and be amazed with the results !
 I 'm a hairstylist , and I have a mature female client who has thinning hair and uses this product . It really makes her look look thicker , and it hides her scalp . You definitely have to use some sort of hairspray to make it stay though . I do n't think this product would work as well on people who want to keep their hair really smooth and straight , but for people who wear fuller hair , I think it 's fantastic .
 I 'm 23 years old and have extremely thin hair . No joke it 's very humiliating for someone my age . I learned about topic from a hair dresser and have been using it since . I 'm not going to say that my life had miraculously change from that day on ... since that 's a bit dramatic . However it does make me feel a lot better about my hair looks . I think people do think my hair looks a little thicker . It basically just darkens the color of your scalp to match your natural hair color so you do n't look bald . Which frankly is all I wanted.Basically I noticed in some review people seem to have come up with the idea it some how actually adds thickness to your hair or more strands of hair ? The only thing that will do that is a wig or fake hair . This is n't going to make magic ... It just covers up the baldness/thinness . Wich if that 's what you want then this product is amazing ! I personally love it !
 I never go out without this stuff now . My hair was starting to thin and i was devasted by it but this stuff has helped me so much and it does n't look obvious at all . It looks like legit hair . My only suggestion is to buy one that is a shade darker than your hair because if it 's too bright it looks over the top .
 Works great for people with bald spots . Covers nicely and does n't glaringly say COVERING BALD SPOT . Seems to blend nicely
 I ca n't begin to sing the praises of this product enough ! I 've always had very thick , dark hair and so much hair , in fact , that I often had to have it `` thinned out '' when I went to the salon . After surviving cancer and having a hysterectomy last year , I noticed that my hair was dramatically thinning on top . Having dark , thick hair - my hair loss became so noticable , especially against my -LRB- pale -RRB- scalp . This side effect of my illness and took a devastating toll on my self esteem.I had never heard of Toppik before but I accidentally `` stumbled '' upon it , as I was reading -LRB- less than positive -RRB- reviews for another , `` spray '' product , meant to combat the same problem . Then I went to the Toppik website and was shocked to see how many positive reviews this product had . Despite all the positive reviews , I really did n't think it would work for me as well as it had for everyone else who had posted their reviews.Within a few days I had a small bottle of Toppik in my hand and decided to give it a try . After a few shakes of the product , I stood looking at my scalp in the mirror , in complete disbelief . It worked ! In fact , I 'm going to say that it worked miracles !! It made the wide , pale patches on the top of my hair completely disappear in seconds . I shook my head and the fibers did n't fly off . I ran my fingers through my hair and it did n't rub off on my fingers or fly off in the sink . The real test came when I went to bed that night with the product in my hair , and the product was still in my hair -LRB- and not on my all white bedding ! -RRB- when I woke up the next morning.This product is easy to use , can be applied in seconds and is one of the most effective products for thinning hair/hair loss I 've ever used . I can now go out in public without feeling self-conscious about my hair loss . Wonderful . . and yes , life changing .
 My wife uses this for her 90 year old mother . She has slight thinning hair and these fiber really do a great job filling ing in here and there and you ca n't tell . My wife bought the special top for application . It works great . I 'm not kidding .
 I 'm a new user and after the first week , I 'm was impressed beyond my wildest dreams , my hair looked full and natural and my confidence skyrocketed . Now after the first week and a half I noticed this burning on my scalp , I did n't notice any rash but it was uncomfortable , so I washed it out and I 'm hoping that this feeling will disappear with a shower every night . their will be no more sleeping with this product on my scalp even though my hair looked amazing the next morning.has anyone else had this experience ? Maybe it 's because I used so much and slept with it on . . I 'm hoping that I can still use this product with evening showers to remove . .
 I have been using this product for over a year now , and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head . The color blends in well with my own haircolor , and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands . I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order for a more natural look , otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.I am a young woman , and without this product I would go back to feeling very self - conscience and uncomfortable in public.Note
 This product is a miracle for thinning hair . Just sprinkle it on -LRB- or rub it in , like my hairdresser does -RRB- and spray your hair.It absolutely covers all thinning spots and makes your hair look so much thicker . Could not live without it . So easy to use .
 For years I 've been dealing with thinning hair . My daughter was married last year and the hairstylist used this produce on me ... I actually love my hair again . This product makes my hair look full and thick . Now when the wind blows , I do n't have to worry about thinning spots showing . LOVE IT .
 This will change how your hair looks . Makes it a lot thicker and prettier . Use everyday and love it ! Worth each pence
 The greatest product I 've ever used!I do n't usually use beauty products , health care products , etc.but among the few I need to use , Toppik hair building fibers is the best !
 I tried this product for thinning baldness . I am not bald , but have signs of beginning male pattern baldness where the white scalp is beginning to show through . I followed the directions and sprinkled it on the back of my head where my hair is getting very thin . I then patted it down and used regular hair spray to hold it in place . The next day it still looked good . Family members noticed the improvement immediately , but did n't know exactly what I had done until I told them . My grown daughter also used it on a wide hair part , and it made it look much better as well . I wo n't use this every day -LRB- because I 'm not that vain -RRB- , but for the days I want to disguise the inevitable balding , I 'll pull it out and use it . -LRB- Warning -- it is n't water proof -- so if you get caught in the rain your secret wo n't be a secret anymore ! LOL -RRB- .
 Excellent product , fast and efficient is not complicated and gives a natural look , easy to remove compact and can be taken anywhere
 I 'm in my early 20 's and noticed that my hair in the front is thinning more than it should be . I 've been searching for a while for a product that was realistic for me to be able to use everyday that did n't require multiple applications of foam -LRB- Rogaine -RRB- . I sprinkle the product on my scalp after I have styled my hair then gently pat/shake the roots of my hair with my hand to have it blend a bit easier . I absolutely could not think of going a day without it now that I have tried it and it has honestly made me feel so much better about myself now that I 'm not constantly worried that people are looking at my very visible scalp.My only little problem is that I ordered the Light Brown -LRB- I have light brown hair with sandy highlights -RRB- and if I apply a bit too much of the powder it looks noticeably yellowish . My next order I think I 'll order just the Brown to hopefully solve the problem .
 Product quality is very nice and easy to use . Recommend to who experience losing hairIvjhgyigigiugIgiguiIuiubHbiubGiyg
 Changed my life and gave me confidence . My hair is thin on the crown , Toppik hair building fibers cover the thinning areas and make hair thicker . Easy to use , stays in well and washes out easy . I will never be without this product . Highly recommend .
 I am a huge fan of beauty secrets and this one makes it in my Beauty Book ! I was using Xfusion for a while . I then ran out and tried Toppix . I like this one better ! It covers my hair line much better , and stays on better . So ladies if you have a large part in your hair that shows your scalp -- Get this product it works ! You do n't have to worry about people noticing your thining hair . You also do n't need to spend money on products like &#34; Rogaine &#34; , Hair Transplanting or Hair Weaving . It comes in different shades to match your hair too.This product is affordable and provides instant natural looking coverage for that embarrasing hair line that you need to cover up . I highly recommend this product .
 It works better than SuperMillionHair which is what I used before . It goes on easier and clumps less , the color looks more natural but it is still dull . I keep my hair very , very short and close to the scalp so it blends in pretty nicely . The black color for Toppik is more black than any other brand i 've tried but it is still kind of dull looking so be careful .
 It 's a lot cheaper than buying it from the manufacturer when you buy it through Amazon , and I see no difference between the quality of product between other shippers and the actual manufacturers . I have to use this product with derm-match , because it does n't fill the void very well without it . But I do like it and will keep using it until I can actually afford a hair transplant .
 I love this product . It gives me so much confidence when I go out in public . It covers thinning areas very well . I would recommend this to anyone who is thinning and can not pay for a hair transplant .
 HiAbout 2 months ago I bought the Toppik shampoo , the conditioner and the shake-on hair fibers . I am ordering more shampoo and conditioner for me and now for my daughter , who inherited my thin hair ... But the really good thing is the shake-on fibers ... sometimes the fibres can look a little spotty on the scalp - not sure yet why that is - some kind of electric charge maybe or perhaps too soon after washing hair ? Anyway , if that happens I sprinkle another dusting on and it looks fine . I only need to do a couple of shakes a day , so I think it will last for a long time . I am careful not to touch my hair at the front or it will start to look clumpy and obvious . But it really does help a lot .
 Love this product ! It makes me look younger and my scalp stays fresh love it for the summer love it for the winter ...
 This product does what it says it will do . I think the product probably works best for people with min to mod hair loss . You can see the product on your scalp in the right lighting close up . The product will rub off in your hands so you should use hair spray to help hold it in place . I have balding in front and crown . I 'm a 43 year old male . Matching the right hair color is essential . I use a combination of med brown and light brown . I found it helped even the color out best for me . I no it is n't that detectable because I work with very honest people and if they had detected it they would have commented . One person I work with noticed something different and commented my hair looked thicker but he could n't detect the product . I can tell it 's there I guess because I know it is and to me the product just covers your scalp . Thats why I think it works best for people with min to mod hair loss . This product would be very apparent if you have hardly no hair . It is fairly easy to use and you do have to clean up the bathroom counter top after application . I also have to wipe and shape up my forehead after application . I bought the spray applicator and it does help for the front of the hair line .
 I am using this product over a 2 years , it works great it covers my thining hair instatly it adds up the volume , After i wash my hairs and dry the hair i apply it instantly it covers bald spots and thikens hairs and stays until next wash , I highly recommend this porduct anyone who has thinning & bald spotsToppik Hair Building Fiber Dark Brown .
 This is an excellent product for people with thinning hair . It takes a while to learn how to apply it , and it can get messy sometimes , but the end results are great .
 I am a guy that is in his mid 20 and I 've been balding since I was in high school and being very self contiguous about having thin hair I wanted to find a solution . I recently went in the military and have had EVERY SINGLE PERSON give me problems about having bald hair to the point I was ready to look in to surgery for this . looking online I found toppik and was really not thinking that it was going to look good . When I got the bottle and tried it for the first time I had to send pictures of before and after to family members to prove that it was as great as I said.I would say try the smaller sample bottle first , being that it is extremely cheaper then the normal sized bottles , and see for yourself.One more thing to add here is that it does not stay that well if it is wet outside but a quick fix I tried was get hair spray and add a light mist to keep most of it in place . Also I hear if you have no hair at all then this product wont work so thin hair only .
 After using this product , I can say it covers completely , looks natural , after a light hair spray it does not come off until hair is washed and little goes a long way . Delivery was fast as well .
 This is by far the best product I 've used . You ca n't compare it to any other hair building fiber out there !
 Been using this for one year now . i researched and tried just about everything online and this is hands-down the best for short hair . it blends well and looks real . unbelievable . it changed my life .
 I have a thinning problem on the top of my head and on the sides . Being a woman this was hard to wait for my Rogaine to kick in . My daughter came home from college during the winter break . She was shocked and said `` Momlet 's go online and see what 's available to cover those spots . She saw the Toppik video on you tube order it for me and I just love it !
 I love this product ... it 's great on my thin hair , blends in and nobody knows I 'm wearing it .
 This stuff works incredibly well . It took me a few tries to find the right combination to make it work , but when I did it was great.Here 's what I discovered , and I hope this helps anyone out there looking for answers ... I am a male with short hair thinning at the crown area . When I first applied the product I tested it without any hair spray and it rubbed off far too easily to be useful wearing out of the house . I tested a variety of sprays to see what works best , and I 've found that applying the fibers then using `` Aussie Freeze '' extra hold hair spray locked them in place all day and night . Ive applied in the morning , gone throughout my day , slept at night , and woken up the next morning with the fibers still in place even with messy bed head hair .
 Initially the seller made a mistake by shipping one bottle instead of 3 that I ordered . After sending him an email , he promptly shipped the other 2 to me and apologized for the error . Overall , I 'm satisfied with his service .
 This product fills in the the thinning areas so well and has given me more confidence . I recommend the atomizer for better application .
 This product is amazing . It hides my scalp from the thinning hair so people are no longer staring at my hair when they speak to me . Wonderful product .
 I 've been using Toppik for several years . If you know how to apply it correctly , it really does the job ! It makes my hair look much fuller and allows me to leave the house not worrying if people are looking at my scalp .
 I have been using toppik since Sept 2006 . I will never forget the way it made me feel the first time I used it , my problems of hair loss and insecurities were gone . I having thinning hair around the crown and this product works for me . I even got a haircut with it on and my hairdresser had no idea . The only thing is that it does mess up your bathroom with the sprinkles . I tried dermatch and that product sucked . Toppik I can not live with out . No one has EVER said anything to me they do n't know I wear it and they think my hair is thick . I would recommend this product who has thinning hair and your scalp is showing .
 I have a ridiculous cowlick that presents itself as a long , thick part that goes down the crown of my head . Nothing helps that - I just had to try not to sit in front of anyone ... With Toppik , I sprinkle some on my crown , rub it in a bit with my fingers , and I know that it 's covered . The cowlick is still there , but you ca n't see the 3 '' long canal of scalp down the back of my head that made me so self conscious before . I wo n't leave the house without using it .
 Works well on the top of my head . Stays all day in place all day with some hairspray ... it took a few tries to get used to it -LRB- too much/too little -RRB- . Definitely an immediate solution to the white scalp peeking through !
 I have used Toppik for several years now - just gone from darker to lighter as time goes by ! Great product , easy to use and covers the thinning areas vry nicely .
 My hair is severely thin on the crown area . I 've used this Toppik -LRB- black -RRB- for about a month now and it works great in covering up the balding area.This product is very easy to use . You just need a handheld mirror anda fixed or wall mirror so you can check how your bald spot looks.Works fine with even a cheap spray net which can hold your hair the way you 've styled it . It also prevents the thinning area from being messed up when it 's windy . Because if your hair gets messed up and you comb it even with your fingers , then some of the Toppik powder gets removed each time.Hope this helps .
 I hope they make this product for a long time . My hair has thinned out a lot , with this product you can not tell.If you are thinning , this well make you feel better and look great , really!I will buy it until something better comes along .
 I have been using Toppik for several years . It is worth the money but you have to be careful when you sprinkle it on because it might get on your clothing . It does work nicely .
 You know , I have to admit that I had given up on hair loss products , just because my hair was falling out like crazy . But once I tried Toppik I was really amazed by the results . even if is just to conceal it . still pretty darn good .
 This is an instant relief for thining hair.It 's easy to apply and does n't stain clothes
 I 'm a woman over 50 and my hair has been thinning on the top of my head -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- . I accidentally found this product online while searching for something just to hide that white scalp area that shows through so badly . I tried Toppik and I tried a make-up type product sold for the same purpose . The make-up was hard to apply and I did n't like the way it worked for me , but when I sprinkled on the Toppik , I could n't believe the result . This is truely , the best solution out there for thinning hair problems . I 've been using it now for almost 4 years and still marvel at the results.Someday , maybe a hair transplant will be in order , but until that time , this product gets me through day to day . It does n't grow hair , it does n't stop thinning , it 's not a medical product ... it simply hides the scalp in a very easy to use , natural looking way . No one knows there is anything on my hair ... ever.The person who had it going all over her face and had it all over her pillow used too much . When I first started , I 'd get it in my face , leave some in the shower or on the pillow , but that changed -LRB- very quickly -RRB- with experience . Like with any new product , you get better at using it.The company also sells a little atomizer spray attachment that I purchased early on . That works great for keeping the amount used in check and for directing the fibers to exactly where you want them to go.I 've never used the spray that they sell to keep the fibers in place . I 've only used my own brand of hairspray . I 've also never tried any of their other products . Just the Toppik itself , and the atomizer attachment , so I ca n't comment on their other products.If your hair is thinning and you 're having trouble styling it in a way that does n't call attention to your bald spots , you owe it to yourself to try this product . Use it as directed and you 'll be very pleased with the results .
 I am a woman with very fine dark brown hair , I wear it pretty short and have noticed my hair thinning in many areas which has made me really self conscious lately . No matter how I style it , it would always part and expose my thinning scalp to my dismay.I found this product accidentally . I had never heard of it and figured , what do I have to lose . I 've spent money on other products to conceal my thinning hair , so I was n't expecting much from this product at all . I received it 2 days after ordering , and I was completely impressed with the results ! It is sort of a granulated fine powder that you sprinkle on your exposed scalp , and it does a really nice job with blending in with your natural hair . I part my dry hair in sections where the scalp is most noticeable , sprinkle some in , move my hair around , and then I style it . I really love the results . Be careful not to sprinkle it on your permanent part -LRB- where you wear your part -RRB- or it 'll look silly . Almost wig like . I did think people were exaggerating when reviewing this product , but it 's made a believer out of me . It does what it says it 'll do.People , if you 're contemplating getting this for yourself , please note , this is not going to give your hair volume . That 's not the idea . It just hides the visible scalp and it does it well , and that 's it . The powder does go everywhere when you 're sprinkling it in , but it 's easy to clean . If you get it on your clothes , you can brush it off with no streaking or staining . I sleep with it in my hair and the residual powder is never on my pillow . My only advice is , do n't wear this if there 's a chance you 'll be sweating up a storm . It will most definitely streak down your face if you 're not dabbing the sweat constantly . I give this product for those with fine hair two thumbs up .
 My hair started thinning on top in my mid-40 's . Of course , this is unacceptable for a woman . I tried changing my hairstyle , and even tried that spray-on stuff once . It was obvious.Then I ran across an ad for Toppik . I was very skeptical , but it was either that or a wig . While I 'm not bald , I am thin enough on top to be able to see some scalp around the part , so I was willing to give it a try.It worked wonderfully , just like the ad said . All I did was sprinkle it on top of my hair -LRB- over the hairspray -RRB- where my scalp was showing , gently pat it down , and voila ! no more thin areas . It truly is totally unnoticeable and will stay on until washed out with shampoo . You can comb and brush through it , and it wo n't come off on your clothes.The only thing I found out was that it 's best to order one shade lighter than your own hair . My own hair is medium brown and when I ordered medium brown , the sprinkled area seemed slightly darker . When I ordered light brown instead , it blended perfectly . I highly recommend this to other women who are thinning a little on top . You 'll be glad you did !
 This stuff really works . I did not think it would or work that well , but you really see results . My bald spot is completely covered up . I bought it from spencer forrest 's website -LRB- the creator of Toppik -RRB- b/c they have a 30 day money back guarantee.First of all , this stuff is a life saver . I always had to spend time combing my hair , trying to cover up my bald spot , always worrying about it . But now with this stuff , I do not have to worry anymore . The best part is I can sleep with it and it does not come out . It usually lasts for about a day and a half . I have white pillow cases by the way . I am not sure how this stuff holds up in the rain or swimming pools yet . I hope it stays in when I am at the beach this summer.This is how I apply it :1 -RRB- First I shampoo my hair with nizoral or head and shoulders dandruff shampoo and use conditioner2 -RRB- then wait I wait till my hair is completely dry , and I do mean COMPLETELY DRY .3 -RRB- then I style my hair4 -RRB- then I turn the bottle , shake it upside down , and apply it to my bald spot . I also put some around the rest of my head just so the color matches up .5 -RRB- then I stand in the bathroom for a couple of minutes -LRB- 5 should suffice but usually a little less -RRB- to let the toppik take hold , and then I use a tissue or some toilet paper to wipe off the excess . This is pretty essential . The 1st time I didnt do this , one could tell that the areas I used toppik in were a different color than the hairs on the rest of my head , but after I gently wipe the excess off , one ca n't tell . I asked one of my friends , and she could not notice any color difference throughout my head .4 -RRB- then I use hair spray . I use Tre Semme but I think any will suffice . Make sure to hold the hairspray farther from your head -LRB- 8 to inches away -RRB- .5 -RRB- then watch your bald spot go away!Really this stuff works like a charm . For only $ 20 its worth a shot and you can get your money back if you dont like it . It really has made a huge difference in my life .
 Alright . . I 'm a 20 year old student at Kent State University . At age 18 , I was starting to see thinning in my hair . Now I have a gaping bald spot in the vertex area that is a little bigger than a quarter . I would wear a hat everywhere or just avoid people if I could n't . Toppik gave me back my confidence , but not without some drawbacks.First of all
 My hair is naturally curly but has been thinning for several years . It finally reached a point where it was noticeable . Being a woman in the performing arts I realized I needed to take action before it became too obvious . I started to use Minoxidil , thickening shampoos , and hair vitamins . My hair is healthier and there are signs things might be getting better . However , the process takes too long so I wanted something in the meantime that I could use to help me regain my confidence . I found it in Toppik . So easy to use and the results are immediate . I even went out in windy weather and was n't afraid that my thin spots would show . Whether or not the Minoxidil works , I know I can use this product for as long as I want and no one , not even my husband , notices ! Get the 10 gram first to be sure you like it , but then go ahead and get the bigger bottles with holding fiber hairspray .
 I find that Toppik works easier on short hair . Long hair takes a little longer to fuss with . You must sprinkle it on the hair , and then comb and pat it in so it clings to the hair shaft . Toppik blends in nicely if you match the appropriate color . Mix with white colored Toppik if you have graying hair . Avoid using too much on your hair . Comb it in first and add more if needed . This requires practice.I have heard complaints about Toppik being messy . Here are some tips . Try not to have fans or space heaters blowing when you apply Toppik . Otherwise , it makes your bathroom dirty in no time at all . Use a styling or holding gel first before applying Toppik . Hair-spray also works . This will minimze embarrassing rub-off on someone 's lounge chair . White pillow slips will show some of the rub-off , but remember that Toppik is water soluable and will wash out easily without leaving a permanent stain . If you 're an overnight guest at someone 's home , bring a towel to toss over the pillow to avoid leaving smudge spots.Keep in mind who you are . If you want 100 % convenience without additional labor this product may not be for you . I am very health and appearance conscious , so this product meets my concerns about safety and having a `` natural '' look .
 This is a wonderful product for women that are suffering from mild hairloss . The product will cover your scalp and make your hair appear a little fuller . It will stay on your scalp until it is washed out by shampoo . This product works best for brunettes and redheads . It appears darker than it looks in pictures , so I usually purchase a lighter color than my actual hair color .
 This product is like a powder , but finer . Kind-of like baby powder without the dust . It comes in colors to match your own hair color . You shake it onto your trouble spots very gently and it covers your scalp making it look like you have more hair in that spot . Yes , it really does work . It DOES NOT actually give you more hair.I do n't understand why they do n't sell this stuff at Walgreen 's or Walmart or such places . You can only get it online . This product is soooo needed by people who are really thinning . It is a godsend !!
 Have n't found the need for an applicator . just use as is . I am leary of being out in the rain or perspiring a lot , but so far have n't had any issues with it when it 's a little rainy or I perspire . really works well . I do n't use daily , only for special occasions . Would highly recommend .
 I have tried different ways and products to hide the areas of my head where my hair has thinned . They have been messy and made my hair look dull and drab . Toppik is very easy to use , and covers excellently ! I was so pleased with how quickly I can apply , and how well it covers , that I purchased it for two other women I know who have the same problem . We are all very happy with it , and highly recommend it to others who want to cover balding areas .
 Got tired of wig shopping and with the help of a sales girl at a nearby beauty supply , I was introduced to this product . I 've used it ever since and am very , very happy with the results . Only wish the holding spray came in non-scented formula , otherwise - Perfect solution and great results !
 I 'm a 50ish woman who has noticed thinning areas on the to of my head , this product has been wonderful for me , it covers , does n't clump , run or even look like I 'm wearing anything to disguise the area . I am so satisfied , I brought it over to my hairdresser , and she uses it on her clientele . . There is one thing though , the bottom of the bottle is weighted and I 'm never sure when I 'm running low . . wish they could address that ...
 I have never written any comment for a product in my entire life , but this product have made me so happy that i feel like i need to share what i have experienced . i ordered this product with lots of question marks in my mind . when i used it first , i was very surprised . i put some on my thinning frontal hair and distributed it with my fingers a bit and i had a fuller frontal hair in 5 sec again just like i had it 5 years ago before my hair started thinning . i started to use it daily now and i also use a spray to fix it . fuller hair really makes me feel better and improves my self-confidence at work and outside . i wish i tried this long ago .
 Very good product and really does give the impression that you have more than you really do ! I highly recommend if you are looking for a quick and easy way to cover up thinning hair !!
 I lost a lot of hair after my last pregnancy back in 2005 . I lost a LOT of hair for being only 35 ! I found this product while surfing the web and have used it ever since ! I do not go out without it . People ca n't even tell I put anything in my hair . I just use regular spritz spray to hold it in .
 It works . it seriously works just like all those videos and pictures show . Yes , a little dust left over , and a little clean up around your hair line . But people , my hair is denser and that bald spot has vanished . Do n't think twice , just buy the stuff . Amazing .
 I have only been using this stuff for a short while but am really impressed with the results . I have only very minimal-moderate hair loss and thinning in the crown and temples . A few sprinkiles of this and it 's gone . I feel so much more confident knowing that the back of my head has no `` see through '' bits in bright light . It was making me feel really self-conscious . Gone now . : -RRB-
 I 've seen this product in another persons hair . I SWEAR you can NOT tellthere is any product on/or in the hair . It just looks so real & natural !!! Wonderful product/just make sure you have a hat handy , if there is rain inthe forecast .
 This product is the best . It gives me back some confidence that I lost because of my thinning hair . Sounds silly but we all know when you have hair loss you lose a bit of yourself . I hope this product never goes away . I showed this to my sisters , who do n't have a problem themselves , and they could n't believe it was just a `` powder '' / fibers that I put on my hair . They were amazed at the difference .
 Do n't expect miracles if you have large bald spots . It helps if you have someof your hair to comb over top . It does give me more confidence in doing myhair .
 Toppik Hair Building Fibers is great . Covers up the thinning area on my hair . I have tried all kinds of produces and this is the best . Love it .
 This is a great product for individuals that have just begun to experience hair thinning . This is n't for someone who is losing their hair or lost their hair .
 Love the product -- have used it in the past . However , the product from this seller came covered in a large barcode sticker which needed to be removed to be able to open the product . This left the container sticky . I tried using a product to remove the sticker residue but that did n't help . I ca n't wait to use up the product from this seller so I can buy a new one that does not leave my hand sticky every time I use it .
 I see my Dad 's head full with hair . I will go off if you touch hard but the wind will not blow it away . Avoid raining , it will go off if you wash with water . However , it will help your parents be much more confident in the party . 5 stars !
 Got this to cover up thinning hair on the top of my head as well as my crown . It 's a bit fiddly to put it on the back of your head by yourself , and you 'll definitely need two mirrors so you can see properly . Once you get the hang of it , it 's fairly straight forward to use . The real benefit for me was thickening some areas around the temples so as to extend my hairline a bit further.I 'm also using Rogaine , which has given me headaches . Toppik does contain ammonium chloride which is meant to give you headaches too - something I have experienced , but not sure whether it 's the Toppik doing that or not.Overall though , if you just need a bit of coverup , this does a pretty good job !
 I 've been using this product for a while . This is the best deal I have came across for this size 0.87 .
 best and cheapest product on the market . does n't stain or drip . works with your own hair to creat fibers to fill in thinning hair . stays better if you tap it on then spray with hairspray
 Toppik is very easy to use - shake some on , tap with comb to settle it into hair , and a little on the scalp , and it really makes a difference in appearance of thinning hair/scalp showing through . It lasts through the day pretty well . It is what works well for me . I 'd have given it 5 stars but for the cost - it is quite expensive .
 The product was as I expected . I have used this product for sometime now , and am please with the results I get .
 An awesome product . Easy to use and very effective in concealing hair thinning . The result if applied properly is amazing .
 It 's a very natural looking powder addition between shampoos.My doctor recommended this.He knows his patients are pleased with this product .
 I have thinning hair and this product is AMAZING ! It covers all the thinning areas , and no one can tell
 I have been using this product for over a year now , and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head . The color blends in well with my own haircolor , and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands . I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order to obtain a more natural look , otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.I am a young woman , and without this product I would probably go back to feeling very self - conscience and uncomfortable in public .
 I got this for my husband as a funny gift for his birthday . Toppik really works , he has a small bald spot on the top of his head and it looks filled in when we use it ~ Meme
 this is a very good product and I use it almost everyday . does not build up or make hair sticky
 This was awesome ! Would definitely buy it again ! I do n't know why I 've never heard of it before . I tell everyone how great it is !
 Thiis product is like magic . I recommend it for women and men . But do n't forget to also order the Toppik holding spray to hold it in . It should be sold with the item because you can not do one without the other .
 For us women who are menopausal , this product helps to cover the balding areas . Just shake the powder onto the area to cover them up . Simple enough to use , but sometimes leaves a powdery mess . I usually shake it on to cover my sparse areas , comb my hair over that part , and then shake more onto the next area and then comb the hair back over so it has a nice , natural look .
 This is the BEST spray that has come out for covering up your scalp . It is not only for thinning hair but for thick hair as well to cover up your part on the top of your head . It makes it look fuller and you do n't see your bald line . Too Awsome . Recommend for EVERYONE ! Love this product and the great Customer Service for this entire order : -RRB-
 I brought this product for a friend and apparently this is awesome and works great for short period of time may be for 3-4 hours
 I have been using this product for 3 years , though I do n't use it every day , only on special occasions where I expect to be photographed.I recommend against using this concealer every day though , there was a time when I used this concealer every day and my scalp became irritated because of it , but the irritation stopped when I reduced my usage.There 's not much to say though . The product does its job as described . It effectively conceals any bald spot that you have but you wo n't be able to benefit from this if you do n't have any hair at all .
 My stylist told me about Toppik when she noticed how thin my hair was getting to be . She purchased the 0.36 oz/10 .3 g for me from the local beauty supply . Even with her discount it was almost $ 25 . But I really liked how Toppik camouflages my thin spots . Only a couple of people have noticed that there is something different with my hair . Only one person realized what the difference was , and only because she 'd also used Toppik.Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here . I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone .
 This is a great product & was a good price ! Does n't always end up where you 're trying to put it .
 It 's a great product ; for those that are thinning at the top , I used it and it works . I knew if I chose not to get it or did not have confidence in myself , that this product may not be for me.I thought why not try hair plugs , but for someone like me that changes styles all the time , it 's great ... I can tell that this product has been tested and tried before distribution.It is TEMPORARY , it is not hair in a salt shaker . I have not lost any hair that I was n't already losing.So now that you have my testimony it 's now your choice . Good Luck
 This product is wonderful ! I have thin hair and covering up my scalp gives the illusion of much thicker hair as the pink color of the scalp does not `` peek '' through . I definitely recommend it .
 I would recommend this to anyone who needs a product like this . It works really good and there was plenty of the product in the container .
 I have very thin hair so sometimes when I get a sew-in , the tracks in the very front are visible . I use this cover that up and it does an amazing job !!! I have also purchased the black and I must say the Dark Brown is best !
 Product is easy to use and gives good coverage . This was a much better price than I had gotten locally .
 Excellent and effective hair I have benefited them and I will demand of themExcellent and effective hair I have benefited them and I will demand of them
 I used this prior to using viviscal hair vitamins . Now I no longer use it because I feel the Viviscal has worked for me to regrow hair .
 Just bought it . Light brown . I like it . . its not messy . Easy to apply . use a shade lighter than your own hair .
 exelent i very please wh this product i looking foward to order again some way i order beford tx tx
 This product does exactly what it says it does . It is n't messy and is n't obvious . I would highly recommend it .
 I would have given a higher review but 5 stars is the max . First off I have dark brown curly hair and have been thinning , vertex style , for probably the last ten years or so . I 've been using Rogaine , max strength , the whole time and must say it 's let me keep the vertex area from growing too large . But a caveat here , since my hair is curly/bushy I have been able to just `` re-arrange '' the hair around the thinning area to fill in the space , while other than a comb-over , I think people with straight hair probably ca n't use this technique . Over the last year or so it has become harder to fill in the area and it 's obvious now that there is some scalp showing . So I tried this stuff in dark brown and after the first application I felt like it was Christmas as I looked for the thin area and found I no longer had one ! The area looked as though it was filled in with thick hair ! It was actually fluffy , like my real hair . I only had to sprinkle a small amount , maybe a quarter teaspoon . I was pleasantly surprised to see many hours later that it remained filled in and full looking . This product seems as though it were made for my hair type so I am ecstatic and my confidence has really increased as I no longer have to go through the day wondering if my hair has moved around exposing my thinning top . I 'm a convert ! Thanks to the inventor -LRB- s -RRB- of this great product ! Only improvement suggestion would be to make the container transparent so you can see the product level . Also , keep away from water .
 This stuff is amazing . I have been losing my hair slowly over the past years and I recently bought this product and WOW . I look so much younger and it even covers the little grey that I have . I will use this stuff for life . Looks natural and real .
 This is a great product for people with thinning hair . I would not recommend it for people without any hair because it is not that easy to create a hair line with this product .
 This is a great product for women who are a bit self-conscious about their thinning hair . My thinning area is in front and Toppik did a great job of camouflaging it . The only negative is that if it rains , you 're in trouble as it will run . I would definitely use this product again though .
 I was told about your product from a client at the hair salon , who purchased Toppik in USA and since I have been using Toppik , my hair looks absolutely great and so much fuller . I would like to possibly look to the future and sell the product in South Africa as I am not aware of anyone marketing Toppik in our country , please forward this enquiry to the manufacturer and I look forward to hearing from them with a favourable reply .
 It is the best thing for people with thinning hair . I have tried other stuff but nothing compares to Toppik . I highly recommend it !!
 I 've had alopecia since I was in high school . So far , nothing I 've tried has helped , including a very expensive miniature toupee to cover the bald spot ; it looked awful . This looks so much better . It 's just enough to make my hair look thicker without looking fake .
 This product perfoms as promise . When you opened it for the first time , you see a seal on top , just remove some of it not all , so that it will be easier to apply . I just remove about 1/3 of it and the application is better and more concentrated in the areas that I want coverage .
 I have been using Toppik for 4 years . I am a woman who has thinning hair and 3 hair transplants . But there is still thinning and When I use this product and a little hairspray over it , it stays on all day long .
 This helps camouflage hair loss . I would recommend it for slight thinning of the hair . I 've used it in past after illness caused thinning .
 This product works quite well at covering up thin areas . It is a little bit messy to work with but worth the cleanup . This is a product I will continue to stock
 I HAVE ORDERED PRODUCT MULTIPLE TIMES AND QUALITY IS ALWAYS GOOD-COVERS PINK SCALP VERY THOROUGHLY-I HAVE BLONDE HIGHLIGHTED HAIR-I FIND LIGHT BROWN BLENDS VERY WELL
 I doubted this would work , I bought the `` sample '' size , and guess what , it worked and worked GREAT ! No longer can I see my scalp through my thinning hair , I can style my hair again without fear . This is ... hands down ... the BEST product , I now buy it in the LARGE size because it is so good , I do n't want to run out . Try it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 Really love this product ! I have mild-moderate hair loss on the top of my head . I use it after I have styled my hair to fill in where my scalp shows through . It covers the spots and looks very natural .
 An old friend of mine who had female pattern baldness turned me on to this product decades ago . Although I do n't have that problem , I often use this product in between having my roots colored . Covers the grey so naturally . Have tried lots of products & this is the best .
 I am a 25 year old female and was told about 2 years ago that I might have slight PCOS . Unfortunately , one of the side effects of this syndrome is hair loss . I had been on birth control throughout college and when I stopped taking it , my hair thinned a lot . It was incredibly embarrassing and emotional for me , because I had no idea why it was happening . The worst part is that when I was a little girl , my hair was insanely thick . It was a huge source of my self confidence . I was constantly receiving compliments on how beautiful it was.Anyway I lived for a year before my dermatologist told me about Toppik . I want all of the readers to know that I have never in my life written a product review . I have found in general that they are a waste of time , but I specifically made time to write this response because Toppik honestly , truly , and sincerely changed my life . My hair has not gotten any thicker since its initial thinning but with Toppik it looks absolutely amazing . I get compliments all the time about how nice my `` new hairdo is . '' It 's incredibly easy to apply and within seconds , literally , my hair looks like a 25 year old girl 's hair should look.This product is a little bit pricey , but for me it is absolutely worth it . I am more confident now than I have been in years . 1 bottle of this product generally lasts me about a month , so on average I spend about $ 250.00 per year on Toppik . The only bad thing about it is that it does n't last through water , and I love to swim in the summer . Generally I just bring the bottle with me if I know I 'll be swimming and I apply it quickly after I 'm done . I would highly recommend the Toppik Hairspray , as it binds to the microfibers and holds them in place . Another suggestion I have is to apply Toppik in your bathroom . The fibers are teeny tiny and they get everywhere so you will need to clean up after application.Toppik looks REAL . I swear it does . My friends and family genuinely thought that my hair had grown back . I even had my best friend put her face 1 inch away from my head to show her the Toppik fibers and she could n't find them . She did n't believe me and truly thought that the hair was real.Obviously losing your hair at any age is traumatic for a woman especially , but when you are a young woman it can be very damaging to your self esteem . I hope that there are some young women out there who are reading this because I know how it feels to think that you are abnormal . I do n't want to sound cheesy , but to those women out there with PCOS or female pattern baldness or alopecia ... I understand how you feel and the best advice that I can give is to forget about it . There is nothing that we can do to really reverse this problem , but we can accept it and try to improve our situation . That is what Toppik has helped me do . I realize that it is very unlikely I will ever have my thick beautiful hair back , but at least I can walk out the door and look people in the eye feeling confident that I am still beautiful . My hair is n't thick , but with Toppik I just look like a normal girl with normal amount of hair , and that is all I can ask for.I sincerely thank the people who created this amazing product .
 I 've been using this for a few years now and absolutely love it . I received my first order on a Saturday and immediately went in the house and applied it and started crying because it worked so well . I had gotten to the point that I felt like every time I went out people were looking at my head because of the hair loss . I 've see people in videos trying it and they were basically making fun of it . They just do n't know how to apply it to make it look good . Also , using the spray applicator really makes it easier to apply and just looks better I think .
 This is the EXACT SAME PRODUCT as XFUSION ... just a different bottle . Regardless , this product is phenomenal . It covers just as described , is simple to use and unknowing people are none the wiser . It 's also made by Spencer Forrest . The writing and instructions are the same . The colors are the same . The photo on the top is the same . The fibers are the same . The only difference is the bottle.And the price.I paid $ 70 for 50gm of Toppik.I paid $ 50 for 50gm of XFusion.Been using XFusion now for 3 months . Same results , same product . It 's a no brainer.XFusion Keratin Hair Fibers Black 25 Grams -LSB- Health and Beauty -RSB-
 This product is fabulous if you need it for what I needed it for
 It basically covers up your bald spots with fibers that look just like your hair . It 's pretty great when you have special occasions where you take photos and do n't want those spots to show . It 's also great for just daily use , it makes me feel like I have more hair than I actually do . It does n't come off until you wash it . I just use it dry without any hair oil and still sticks pretty well.Hope it works for you too . .
 I am a skeptical person ... so before ordering this I did a lot of research . The claims they made seemed legitimate so I decided that it couldnt hurt to buy it once and try it.I am in my mid-20s and have started to see some thin areas in the front of my hair line , sort of above my temples . It started on one side in my early 20s , then on both as time went on . You could only really notice if my hair was short . I am an actor , so when I decided to start doing films after being mostly a theater actor for so many years , I grew out my hair and used to slick it up ... sort of like a modern James Dean pompadour in the front . The rest of my head is fairly thick but very thin in the front . I did n't notice how thin until I saw myself in one of the rough cuts of my first short film . I was so embarrassed . Luckily the film was never completed or released . I decided that before I do another film , I should find a product to help . Since I was n't thinning at a rapid rate , I figured a &#34; hiding &#34; solution could help for the meantime . I came across Toppik and -LRB- after research -RRB- ordered a bottle . I tried it out and instantly saw how it was covering my thinning areas . After two uses , I ordered the spray applicator . This was crucial !! If you want to have more control over where you apply , make a bottle last much longer , and avoid spilling it all over the place , buy the spray applicator . A bottle can last me months !! I 'm serious . So I style my hair with some Axe paste , push up the front , and then spray Toppik to the thin areas in the front of my head and instantly my scalp is no longer visible through my hair ! You also ca n't even tell that I 'm using any type of product . I would advice getting a shade darker than your natural hair as it tends to look lighter than you think . I 've been using Toppik for over a year and have only ordered my second bottle . It holds all day long , unless you get your hair submerged in water . It will run on your fingers if you touch the areas immediately after applying it but it will not come off on your hands later in the day ... if a female happens to run her hands through your hair , dont worry fellas . Even if you go to sleep and wake the next day , it 's still there ! Only after you shower or wash your hair will it come out . It will rinse off easily with water too . It doesnt make your hair look or feel nasty . If you apply a lot and look really closely , you can see the little fibers attached to your hair fibers but only if you really look for it . I 've never told anyone I know that I use a product and no one has ever commented on it , such as &#34; what 's in your hair ? &#34; In fact , I 've been told &#34; you have great hair . &#34; I simply smile and say &#34; Thank you ! &#34; This product has truly made a huge impact on me . My hair looks great on camera ... it looks thick and full . I 've recently decided to try a monodoxil regime in order to reverse or slow-down the thinning process . Luckily for me it is thinning slow but I imagine but my mid-30s I may have more apparent baldness . I have leading man looks and ca n't afford to be balding.Take it from me , buy this product ! It works wonders . Buy the spray applicator too . I am a customer for life or at least until my thinning worsens .
 I 've always been curious about this stuff , since I have been losing my hair for about 25 years now . I never bought any because of the price , and , I am not all that self conscious about my balding anyway . However when a good friend of mine got some for his thinning hair I was so impressed by how it good it looked that I begged him to let me use it just once . The color was n't exactly right but that did n't matter since it was only a test ... Unfortunately I have to say that even though it worked very well on my friends hair that is only thinning , it was a total bomb for me who has a real beach head coming in on the top . Quite simply , one has to pay very close attention to the description of how this stuff says it works . It clearly states that it needs or works by bonding with your existing hair . If you have either no , or hardly any existing hair , it just comes out looking like a lot of very homely fuzzy stuff . I tried it all over the top of my head and it simply stuck to it , and then ended up looking like some kind of very short , fuzzy , sparsely covered type dog hair . Very ugly and fake looking and not at all worth the price or the bother for sure ... As for how it worked for my friend I have nothing but praise . It was amazing the way it blended in and stuck to what thinning hair he had and combed out looking completely natural . If you really want to see how this stuff looks in use , type the name of it into google and go to videos . There are several online that depict a true demonstration of how good this stuff works on thinning hair . Even on very thinning hair . But not a one I found showed someone with a real Dr. Phil look , or even just a completely bare bald spot . Without some minimal hair to cling to you are like me , fresh out of luck and too late . If my hair was only thinning I would consider the hefty price of this worth it I believe . Just remember for the truly bald , its a bust ... In conclusion , I decided to take off one star on the rating simply because I feel that despite this working very well on thinning hair , I believe that the description should more forcefully state that its not for bald heads . I do n't think it does clearly enough to satisfy me . Not even the manufacturers web site that has a more detailed description says anything about bald heads . Personally I feel that the majority of the negative reviews of it comes from those that are too far ahead with hair loss and just came out with a big fail on their part . It was with me for sure . Highly recommended only for those with thinning hair that this stuff can cling too , and that feel hiding it well is worth the price ...
 Toppik Hair Fibers are an easy , natural , and inexpensive way to camouflage thinning hair.After menopause -LRB- 51 -RRB- , my hair started to thin and fall out.While hair systems and transplants are also an alternative solution , they are more of a commitment and expense . I am very happy I found and tried the Toppik hair product . I would absolutley recommend -LRB- and have -RRB- to others who have ` thinning hair ' .
 I am 29 with a family history of thinning hair on the female side , and I am starting to get a front-and-center place where scalp is noticeable . I purchased Toppik in advance of the holiday season , knowing that the cameras would be out in force.It is easy enough to apply , and does n't really move , though I give it a quick blast of hairspray just to be sure . Some excess can get on your forehead or on hands/sink when applying , but cleans up easy enough with water . I have never seen it come off on clothing or my pillow or anything . Once applied , I can forget I 'm wearing it unless I absentmindedly scratch my head and come away with dark brown gunk under my fingernails -LRB- whoops -RRB- . I 've even been out in a light rain and been okay.This is n't a miracle product or anything , and I scoff a bit at the idea that it 's composed of `` tiny microfiber hairs '' or whatever the copy claims . But the bottom line is that appearance-wise , it takes a large thinning spot where the scalp is very visible and noticeable , and makes it look the same as other , fuller areas of my hair . And that 's exactly what I was looking for .
 This product is fantastic ! I still have many hair at my age buteven after getting back some hair with minixodil I have many bald spots in the middle . So I end up wasting not less than 30 min to make A hairstyle without any bald spots . After buying this product , This problem is solved ! And even I ca n't notice the fibers . After applying a strong hairspray , this stays at my hair more than 10 hours.By the way , I want to explain something may confuse the others . Why few people reviewed that this product look like a paint ? That because they lost most of their hair ! If you still have many hair , then there is know way to till . But if you 're almost bald , then the Fibers will stick in your scalp not on and between your hair . Thanks for the great product ~
 After reading the reviews here on Amazon I had nothing to lose ... my self esteem was in the toliet due to my thinning hair . I was sick of people looking at my head instead of my face in conversation ... All that has changed due to Toppik ! This product is amazing ! When I first used it I went from mirror to mirror in my home looking for the usual shine from my scalp , but it was gone.It does take some getting use to applying . . but just like makeup . . the more you do it the better you get . So ladies give your self esteem a boost . . its an awesome feeling ... thank God for this product !
 I always re-order this product . My previous reviews no longer exist because the reseller is gone so I am going to c & p ; my original review.I 'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth . It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I ca n't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids . It 's so embarrassing that I do n't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator . One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell , it 's worth a try.Toppik has completely changed my life . It 's not perfect but look at it like makeup . It covers up just enough so that if you did n't tell people they would n't know . I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference . They said `` That stuff is F -- AMAZING ! '' If you have thinning or balding hair , scalp issues to cover up it 's worth the money.It 's not gon na stay on overnight . It 's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat . I 've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it 's not favorable all the time . Those are the only downsides . Take it from me and my friends . . it works and its amazing : -RRB-
 First let me mention that I am a female who bought this product on the recommendation of a friend who is also female and has very thin hair . She loves it and suggested I try it . My issue is not thin hair but balding patches in the temple area as a result of pulling my hair back too tightly when wearing a ponytail.This product does n't work well on my bald spots as it does on my friend 's thinning hair . The reason ? The product needs something to cling to . It really does work well on thinning hair but on my bald spots , a waterproof eyeliner in a dark color does a better job in masking the problem .
 I 'm often skeptical about many products in todays world . People will say anything to sell their product and get ahead . However , Toppik did not let me down . It works as advertised . Visible scalp literally just dissappears with a younger looking head of hair . I 've shown people as I put it in and they 've been pretty impressed . You really just ca n't tell . I 've had friends walk right up after I put it on , and they say they simply ca n't tell . You just look like you have more hair . It 's not going to give you a head of hair like Brad Pitt or Thor , but , thinning spots will go away perfectly . I 'll never again go without a bottle in my bathroom .
 I 'm a bit discouraged by my hair loss and that 's what resulted in my purchase of this product . I did n't expect it to work very well but I was pleasantly surprised . It 's easy to apply and virtually unnoticeable , which is a good thing . When I 'm using it I 'm a bit worried about the rain but I 've used it before going to the gym , which is an intense , sweat-producing endeavor for me , and it held up well . I 'll use it if I 'm going out or have a job interview but I do n't use it very often . I think your best bet is to use this in conjunction with rogain and/or propecia because as your hair loss progresses your success with this product will diminish.My ultimate advice , get comfortable with shaving or buzzing your hair very short , this is only a temporary , superficial solution .
 This product is a wonderful solution to thinning hair . It is instant and looks very natural . I use it all the time .
 I 've been using Toppik for 3 years takes care of my thin hair just always go a shade or two lighter .
 This part may be asking too much , if I do n't find a way to send this asap , I 'm not going to .
 I am so happy to have found this item . It works really well . I have tried many others and nothing had worked . For the price , it 's really worth it and more . I have since upgraded to the bigger container being that I will save a good amount . I recommend this to anyone that has issues with fine thinning hair .
 This product is a beauty `` life saver '' for those of us with thin hair . My hint is to be sure & use hair spray after applying it ; that being said , it then stays in place ... does n't flake or run at all . The price from this vendor was awesome !
 A friend told me about Toppik and said it was wonderful -- I really could not believe it was a great as she said -- so I bought some and took it to my salon when I had my hair cut.I had the stylist use Toppik on my hair BEFORE I had it washed just in case it looked horrible -- WELL -- She could not believe her eyes and I could not either -- You could not tell there was anything there and my hair looked a lot thicker and you could not see the `` pink '' showing -- It 's a great product --
 I have been using this product for several years . I ca n't be without it !! I highly recommend it ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you have thinning hair on top of your head and bald spots show , this is a must to cover them up . I have been using for years and it really works to cover up thinning .
 Have used Toppik for five years or more , easy to use , just shake it on and then use a little hair spray to hold it in place . Pick a color close to your hair color and your thin or bald spot will be hidden . Will wash out easy .
 My stylist shared this product with me and I was surprised how effective it is . Just sprinkle the fibers on the sparse hair areas of the scalp , spray with the fixative , and like magic , your hair looks thicker and fuller . There are no shiny bald spots showing ! I purchased the product at a beauty supply store but found that the best price was on Amazon . Be sure to spray the fixative on the spots you 've sprinkled and do not overdo it . Fibers will transfer to your skin or clothes if they are not stabilized . I wo n't be without Toppik !
 I had to try after seeing the video . My first morning styling my hair I tries it and I had to giggle . It truly covers up my scalp making my hair `` NOT '' look so thin.I have had so many morning 's where I would just want to cry . I ca n't stand seeing my complete scalp right in front of my head . I truly do not have enough hair anymore to cover it up and was soooooo self-conscious of it on a daily basis.Now I blow dry my hair than sprinkle some of Topick right in the center of my head and style , spray , and I 'm off to work.I have had it only two weeks and I 'm ordering some more . I do n't want to run out . It is my new best friend.Sincerly , A woman at the age of 49 feels much more secure because of this product .
 Toppik is a great product for my hair . It efficiently hides the thinning areas of my scalp -LRB- mostly frontal area -RRB- . Make sure your hair/scalp is completely dry and do not go in the rain when using this product . Thank Heavens for Toppik .
 I can not believe how well Toppik works ! I think that some of the negative reviews might have been from people who were actually bald . This may not work if you are mostly bald -- not really sure since that was n't my problem ; however , if your hair is thin , and you have trouble styling your hair to avoid a bald spot , you will be amazed at how Toppik hides the scalp , making it look like you have much thicker hair . I feel so confident now when I style my hair . It lasts all day ; in fact , I got caught in the rain the first day I tried it , but it stayed in . Look at this product as make up for your hair , something you use every day . It 's not a miracle substance that will re-grow hair , but when you use it , you 'll feel that you look good . This product does what it says it 'll do . You may be able to find it locally if you have a beauty supply store near you . I tried the trial size and was so happy with it that I bought a large size . I found that no other accessories were necessary . You just sprinkle it on the thin section , rub it in , and the scalp disappears ! Spray lightly with any hair spray you have , -LRB- no need to buy the special spray -RRB- and you are good to go all day long .
 This stuff is awesome . My hair is mid back length and I 'm not as thick in front of my hairline as I am on back . So I sprinkled some powder and I loved it . Here 's what it does
 I 'm a 50 year old woman who is experiencing hair thinning in some areas on my scalp . I could n't make a part before I used Toppik , It blends into your scalp and nobody knows that it 's on . I highly recommend this . I tried the travel size first and was hooked . Try it you wo n't be sorry .
 I buy a LOT on amazon.com , typically spending ~ $ 300/month on various necessities and random purchases , and I * rarely * write reviews . I 'm talking once or twice a year , max . I could not resist writing a review for Topix.I am SHOCKED at how well this works . I 'm a 34 year old man with thinning hair . It 's been thinning for a few years now , and have been using rogaine foam and recently 15 % minoxidil as well . Over the past few months my hair has thinned considerably more , to the point that it 's really becoming visible ... and it 's very distressing ! I 'm a pretty good looking guy and date a lot , and suddenly I was wondering if any women would be attracted to me as a bald man . It would n't be a good look !! ; -RRB- So I ordered Topix . Just tried it -LRB- along with the Toppik Spray Applicator -RRB- and it is JAW DROPPING . The dark brown matches my hair PERFECTLY and the thinning spots are COMPLETELY GONE , INSTANTLY ... I ran my fingers through it after letting it set for a minute , and nothing rubbed off , no mess , no downside ! I 'm shocked , ecstatic , overjoyed.THANK YOU !
 I 've been using this product for more than a year , and it really does what it claims to do . Even though my hair is medium brown , the light brown Toppik is what I 've been using . This time , I thought I 'd give the darker color a try . Bad decision . The medium brown is very dark ... almost black . I 'm going back to the light brown .
 This was just what I needed . My son had asked me why is your part 1 '' wide ? -LRB- It is n't that wide ... -RRB- and then a woman I worked with kept telling me I should buy a clip on extension . I turned on the bathroom light and bent to look at the top of my head . Yes - you can see through that hair . I thought I had to buy fake bangs and somehow I found this product . A couple of times I had used eye shadow when I 'd seen a particular glowing skin area & this did that , only better . It covers your skin & the shine from it . If Fergie used this on her part , it would n't look 1 '' wide ! lol It also somehow interweaves with your hair so the 20 strands you do have , look twice as big.I never knew there was a product like this . I read one review that said , `` Now I can leave my house . '' I 'm not that bad -LRB- yet ? -RRB- but I knew what she meant . I love this stuff and will use it until I have to buy fake bangs !! : -RRB-
 It is now more than two years after my review below and I am still using the product daily and am still very satisfied . No reason to try anything else.My first review , but after reading others for this product , I felt compelled . I am late 60s and fortunate to have thick hair , except for very noticable thinning in the back - about 3 '' in diameter . But even this I did n't like . I tried several products without success . Those with drugs caused a skin reaction for me . Then the person who does my hair suggested I try Toppik and gave me suggestions for use . After shampoo , dry or allow to dry completely . Then put light cost of hairspray on the thin area . Apply the Toppik immediately to the thin area until it no longer looks thin . Then apply a medium coat of hairspray . After the hairspray is completely dry - 20-30 minutes , I brush the area to get rid of the hard feel and look . It looks totally normal . I 've had my wife and several others look closely and no one can tell that it is anything other than normal hair . During the day I brush my hair as needed and treat the covered area the same as the rest with no negative effect . Even vigorous brushing does not seem to remove the Toppik - or at least not enough to notice . The Toppik is clearly sticking to the thin hair that I have in the area and not just to my scalp . None comes off on the pillow and the next morning , it still looks fine.My impression from the reviews is that if hair loss is major , it may not work nearly as well . It stick well to thin hair and looks normal , but directly to the scalp may be very different .
 I really sympathize with everyone losing their hair so please please please , take the time to read my review and thank me in a couple of years!About me : I am currently a 28 y/o male and I used this product happily for about 6 months after my second plastic surgery . I wish I had discovered it years ago , but at least I did . I started losing my hair in my early 20 's or late teens but did n't realize it until I was 23 or 24 . Typically you do n't notice hair loss until you 've lost at least 50 % of it ! Anyway , I was devastated . I used to model and was very popular amongst the girls . I tried most all of the hair regrowth products only to later discover most of them were a scam and resulted in me losing more hair when there are actually only a couple things that do work.About Toppik : This is NOT a product that will help regrow your hair , but simply mask your thinning hair . This will work well for both females and males . Probably better for females since the more hair you have left , the better it works , so do n't cut your hair short or you will look silly ! Gently shake it over your head like a salt shaker . Careful not to apply too much or it will end up falling off of your hair and your cover will be blown , but once you get it down , man oh man will you be happy.When I used it : I typically used this product when I would go out anywhere where I did n't have to worry about it getting wet . I would use courve in those situations . Do n't run your hands through your hair or let girls play with it a lot since the powder can get on hands.What really works for hair regrowth : PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE read this.As I mentioned , I tried everything , even the things that were almost obviously scams . I now have a full head of hair and intend to do a video review with before and after pics.Avodart is the only medicine I would recommend . There is procerin and finasteride which are small and incredibly expensive prescriptions that do work , but the dosage is much too small if you do the research . Avodart works many times better and costs significantly less . I order mind from Canada Drugs at a fraction of American prices . This is also only available through prescription . See , I am not endorsing a product I will profit from ! The dosage is only available in 0.5 mg pills , even though research shows 2.5 mg is the ideal dosage for hair loss . This drug is typically used to keep your prostate small -LRB- bonus !!! -RRB- so you will probably have to explain to your doctor why you are requesting this drug.The over the counter topical drugs have shown to work , but only at the crown of the head and the amount of regrowth is hardly worth the oily scalp and other side effects.Now ... the other treatment I have undergone is actually plastic surgery . I have had two hair transplants costing me a little over $ 10,000 total . I am incredibly satisfied and would do it again in a heartbeat.Please do n't get scammed . The sooner you get on Avodart the sooner you can start regrowing your hair . It can only recover up the the amount of hair you have lost in the past 5 years or less so seriously , it 's not something you can wait on if you are serious about keeping your hair .
 I have used Toppik hair building fiber for over a year . To a large extent , it has worked for me . I sprinkle it over a large portion of my head to merge with my existing hair . This product has fine fibers which works best for me when I trim my hair very low before I use it . In this way , my short natural hair fibers match perfectly well . Though , I have not been able to match the color exactly to that of my natural hair color . Dark brown is closest , though I would prefer something darker . Black is the next , but it is too dark for my hair . Fortunately , the brown darkens after two days of application , to harmonize . I must say that , once I use the product , it stays on for three to five days , then I wash it off with shampoo and re apply.Oh , I do not like the fact that the container is opaque . It makes it very hard for one to know when one is running out . Better to order a replacement in advance.It is advisable to always keep a cap/hat or some of the product as a back up , Just in case . Some fiber spray-holders do not hold firmly enough , in which case , any object touching your head can easily brush of the fiber . Thicker Fuller Hair spray will be my recommendation for a firmer hold . However , I am told that the product can only be shipped by land , thus , it takes much longer to ship to a far away destination.Charlie.Silver Spring MD
 I tried this product for the first time from QVC after seeing a demonstration and thought I 'd give it a try . Surprisingly it really did work . While this is not a cure for baldness or thinning hair , it really helps cover up the starkness of my scalp against my dark hair and is pretty much undetectable . Just be sure to look closely in the mirror afterward to be sure you do n't have any on your forehead or face as it does tend to travel a bit if you are not careful . Great product and though a bit expensive worth every penny .
 This product is perfect for my thinning hair . Just shake in on , follow with the spray -LRB- sold separate -RRB- , style and go . The color matches perfect . It is easy , I do truly love it .
 Toppik Hair Building Fibers really give the appearance having more hair . It blends in with the natural hair to cover thin and balding areas to make it look full . The fibers stick to the natural hair and washes out when the hair is washed . There is several colors to choose from which helps to find a shade that matches the natural hair . All you have to do is sprinkle the fibers on in the areas that it is needed , then spray hair to keep it in place . Wonderful product and I will be buying it again and recommending it to others .
 I was first introduced to this product by my stylist . I will definitely be using this again as it works well .
 This item was recomended by a friend . My only wish would be finding a regular blond . I 'm considering mixing a brunette with the light blond .
 This magic powder makes your hair seem fuller hiding those spots that are thinning . It also makes parts less obvious .
 I love it and it is a great product to use . This item can do wonders for you at any age .
 Have not had enough time to totally evaluate this product , but it does seem to ber doing what it 's supposed to ... making my hair appear fuller .
 The fibers look very realistic . I recommend this size . The color looks good with dark brown hair . Do n't forget the fiber holding spray . It makes your head not itch .
 Bought this for a customers hair that was thinning on top.Color was a great choice and fill in remarkably well
 I do n't write reviews on Amazon , but I had to say a couple things about this product.I am a not even 30 and started to have thinning hair in the frontal area -LRB- worse thing ever right ha ha -RRB- , anyways-I have looked into rogaine and what not-but stumbled upon this product on a YouTube ad actually . It just looked like magic . I was definitely skeptical because it basically looked like a 1-3 minute process ... and what do you know-it actually is that quick and simple . I received the product very fast like in 1-2 days , put on the product and was definitely content with the results . Of course you need some hair to keep the balance of the product in , but once its on it is remarkable . Looks like I have a full head of hair again ! I even went to the gym that day and most of it stayed in place even with sweat . Just do n't run your hands vigorously through or I assume it will come out eventually . With all the science in the world you think they would have solved the problem of hair loss ... anyways for the time being , this will do . I recommend this product all the way !
 This product gives me confidence that my bare spots are not showing . It is easy to use and does not leave a mess or come off until I wash my hair .
 I saw this on the Dr. Oz show and decided to try it . I have had some stress shedding due to multiple surgeries . Works just as described .
 i have used this product and it works , it makes your hair look fuller and thicker.it is easy to apply and i would say to anyone with thin hair just try it , you 'll love it
 If you have thinning hair and hate having your photo taken because of it ... this is the product for you . Regain your confidence in just seconds every morning . So simple to use and this vendor will get it to you quickly .
 It really works for what it is intended to do . I only do n't like how the fibers fly everywhere during application . They would leave a thin film on every surface near me whenever I applied it to my hair . I realized I had been breathing them in as well . This is probably why it felt like the product ran out too quickly .
 this is a great product . get a natural thicker look and I was very surprised at the result . give it a try
 Toppik works great for this cancer patient . It can be a lil messy but glad it works ! You put a generous amount of Toppik on your bare spots on your head . Covers then up nicely !
 I bought this product as i am self-consious about my thinning hair . I had to go one shade lighter ... as in I have medium/dark brown hair and I found the light brown to be a better match . What I have noticed , and why not 4 stars , is that it does great at the crown of the head . Though if you get too close to you front hairline it can appear that you have dirt/sand in your hair . I just make sure I do n't go to heavy on the front hairline . So far , while not perfect , this is the best topical product I have used .
 I have been using this product for three years now and would not go without it . It covers the thin area in the front very well . You just apply and set with a little hairspray . You can not tell it is in your hair at all . A little goes a long way .
 My hair has been becoming thin and it is something I hate & discovered this was suppose to be some sort of a solution to help make my hair not so noticably thin . I read a lot of people talking about the clumping and not to get your hair wet but I wanted to try this for myself . It blends very well with my hair , so it does look natural , however there is clumping no matter what I do or try . You can not get stuck in the rain with this on because it really makes it a mess with some thin spots showing , worse clumping & the looks people give you . For the most part , I will continue to buy this brand only , simply because all the other brands are less quality then this one & do not last nearly as long as this brand . I would order this again till my hair decides to grow back -LRB- I hope it does -RRB- . Fast shipping & excellent product for the most part , minus the clumping .
 This product does what they say it does ! My thinning areas are covered and my hair appears thicker ! Love it !
 For those of us with thinning hair , this is the perfect solution to give us the look of more hair . I 've used it for years and no one has ever known that I use it .
 Toppik really does work . It lasts a full day and is not a visible additive . You will not regret the purchase .
 I have reviewed this previously and have been using it for over a year -LRB- I am a woman with thinning hair since menopause -RRB- . This stuff does actually disguise thinning areas on my scalp and as a bonus it also covers my gray roots . I use a combination of dark brown and medium brown to get a more natural effect . It lasts until I shampoo again.The only con is that it does get all over the bathroom counters but it 's easily wiped up with a damp sponge .
 I just received this product about 20 minutes ago . I 've spent the last week cryingover the loss of my hair and trying to determine how to get it back.While I am still in search of answers this product will help whileI 'm getting my hair back . I am a 41 year old female thatnoticed huge bald spots on the top of my head recently and becamequite tearful and depressed about it . While I 'm waiting on blood workand starting vitamins and other lifestyle changes my sister suggestedI try this to help me get through the rough days . I just put some onand asked my husband what he thought . He was shocked and said it madea huge difference . Toppik Hair Building Fibers are my new best friend.I hope I wo n't need them for long but for now , so thankful .
 Bought this for my husband who is losing his hair.This product works exceptionally well to add an appearance of thickness , fullness and more hair . I first purchased this in the travel size to try it and it worked so well that I wanted to make it last as long as possible . I am not a rocket scientist but it seems that the static charge of your hair can only hold so much and all else will fall out but I spritz it with a fine mist of holding spray and have never EVER seen any on my pillow or clothing . Also I make certain that my hair is squeaky clean before use . I think it is an amazing product .
 Honestly , menopause has done a number on me ! As a woman , one result of aging I never anticipated was thinning hair . Well , it happened . This really bothered me . Every day I had to devote precious time in the morning to styling my hair so that no thin spots revealed my scalp . When going down the stairs I worried was those above me might notice.This product has been a blessing . I also bought the special applicator for maximum aim and less waste . A few pumps of the applicator , and the problem areas are erased . I work in bright light ; there is absolutely no way you can detect I use the product . -LRB- The applicator only works for certain size bottles . You can buy the economy size and use it to fill one of these smaller bottles . I 'd suggest buying the smaller bottle to check the color . I have light brown hair with blonde highlights . The blonde I bought does n't really work for me ; the light brown is perfect . -RRB- I love it . I do n't worry about my hair anymore . I actually think it 's helping me keep what I have as I do n't anguish over who will notice what.I often act impulsively , and as a result , suffer buyer 's remorse . This is certainly NOT the case with this product .
 I have used Toppik for years . I am a woman with thinning hair on the crown of my head and this product completely covers the white shiny scalp -LRB- gross ! -RRB- in the part of my hair.Here is what I 've learned :1 . Buy a color a bit lighter than your hair . I have medium brown hair , but I use the light brown .2 . Do n't shake it on your hair , tap it gently on your scalp ! 3 . I part my hair -LRB- mine is chin length -RRB- with a zig zag part -LRB- better than a straight part to hide mild hair loss -RRB- . Gently tap the jar upside down right along the part while checking in the mirror . It does n't take a lot of Toppik for mild hair loss , so go easy ! It should n't look like fur , it should just makes the part a bit darker , so it disappears . Use a second mirror to see the back and top of your head . If any gets on your forehead , wipe off with some alcohol on a cotton pad .4 . Use a little hairspray to hold the zig zag part in place , if necessary .5 . When I first open a new jar , I use masking tape to tape off about 1/3 of the jar opening , as a lot comes out when you tap it on to your head . You only need a little . It does n't have to be a solid dark to disappear , just the same color as your hair or close to it .
 As a female with alopecia areata , this is the only product I 've found that helps with bald spots and thinning spots.If you 're feeling weird about covering up your spots , you should n't . This product blends into your real hair and it 's not noticable.It has done wonders for my confidence because I do n't constantly worry that I have a bald spot showing or have the feeling that people are staring at my hair . I use it almost every day.The only negative thing I can say about the product is that you ca n't see in the bottle , so it 's hard to tell when you 're running low .
 I 've used this product for years and it does a great job hiding thinning hair . The manufacturer makes a claim that it 's not messy and wo n't come off ... not true . Be prepared to clean your bathroom and countertops after every use and do n't wear anything light when applying it . Also , it WILL come off on your hands if you scratch your head . That said , I could n't live without it and i 'm still a daily user ... no one can tell my hair is thinning . Tip
 The top of my head is very thin , but with a few sprinkles of my fibers , u can never tell ! I even went swimming , and the fibers were still in place ! Pretty awesome product !
 This produce may be applied in just moments to achieve a very efficient results , any time of the day .
 This is great product for people who loosing hair or on the medical process . This would retain the confidence as you are in good sharp . Highly recommend !!
 Toppik actually does disguise thin spots . It is a bit weird to use , but it worked OK and I do n't know of anything else that does . I 'm a woman with non specific thinning and I do n't like how my part area looks . This beats backcombing what little hair I have . I used the blonde color and it worked well with my dark blonde hair .
 This product works quite well . I have fine curly hair , so I probably have a little more trouble with getting it where I need it to be . It does stick to the hair and part of the scalp . As long as it makes it seem that I have more hair than I actually do , then I 'll continue to use it until I find something else that works better .
 The product was excellect and the service was excellent as well . I am going to purchase this , again , from the same seller .
 I 've been using Toppik for a year and have had nothing but good experience with it -- it has never once rubbed off on my pillow case and even if it did , it is easily washable -- a small price to pay for not looking hair-challenged . It is very good at binding with your hair and giving it a fuller look . Try it !
 Toppik is the best product on the market for thinning hair especially for ladies who feel self conscious about their hair thinning . I now go out with renewed confidence and absolutely love it .
 I have been using Toppik for several years now . Number one ; It works ! Don ' y mean to be vain , but Toppik really helps disguise balding while being hard to detect .
 I 'm a 62 year old woman who suddenly noticed my hair thinning . I did n't like seeing parts of my scalp whenever I looked in the mirror . This product is a God send . I no longer get that sick feeling in my stomach . Just a small application on my thin areas and all is good . I LOVE this product !!!!!
 My wife has been using Toppik Hair Building Fibers product for about a year and a half , and this is the only produce she has found to work out on her hair . Great Product !!
 I stumbled upon this product by accident on YouTube . After wearing wigs for several years I noticed my hair is very thin at the top . While waiting on biotin to work I figured I would give this a try . I saw videos on both -LRB- biotin & hair toppik -RRB- via YouTube . I spent about $ 15 including shipping and was pleasantly surprised by how well this covers the thin areas of my hair . At this price , it 's worth a try . You wo n't be sorry !
 I have had thin hair for a few years now and have tried many different products in attempt to make my hair fuller . When I was pregnant I started taking prenatal vitamins and my hair looked wonderful . After having my daughter I noticed my hair was starting to shed . Though I have had thin hair I never experienced shedding like this ! I was devastated and embarrassed that my scalp was starting to become more visible . I started searching for a long term and quick fix for my hair . I found amazing vitamins and started taking them and then I found Toppik . It is easy to use , slightly messy but worth it in the end . I am able to hide my scalp and I am no longer embarrassed . I wish I could post a picture of before and after . There is a great difference without looking fake or odd !
 Fills in well ... stays put . I 've tried others and this one is the winner . I will order again and recommend it
 I am a 60 + year old woman with one main area on the top of my head toward the back that shows scalp . Toppik is like a miracle to me . No , it 's not as good as having your own thick hair -LRB- as I had , when young -RRB- , but it works amazingly well to cover up the bare scalp . This is absolutely not a scam . However , to avoid embarrasment -LRB- having it come off down your neck or come off on someone 's hand or on a pillow -RRB- you MUST :1 . Keep your head down for a full 2 minutes after applying2 . Pat your head gently a few times in the area of application after the 2 minutes3 . Comb it through once or twice after the 2 minutes.These instructions come with the product and MUST be followed . One more I made up . Lift your hair up and wash the neck area and the back area in case some of the product came down and gives the appearance of dirt.It 's really simple
 The product is as described and arrived within a reasonable time . Overall I had a good experience with this oroduct .
 Mi pelo es bastante finito , especialmente en la parte de arriba de la cabeza y este producto me ayuda muchisimo a disimular ese espacio . El producto es excelente y no me puede faltar .
 This stuff is awesome . Goes on easy -LRB- or have your partner put it where you need it -RRB- and hides my stupid bald spot.Best money you will spend today for sure .
 So glad I found this product . I wen through chemo and wound up with bare patches where my hair never grew back . It 's totally undetectable , easy to use , and I hope they never stop making it .
 I have been using Toppik for several years but usually only for social occasions where appearance is important . It only takes a few dashes from the shaker to do the job , and Amazon is the least expensive place I 've found to purchase this great product .
 Excellent product , I love to wear it and how i look now make me feel great . I recommend this product to those who have hair lost problems .
 Got a little bald spot on the top of my head -LRB- obviously the start of MPB -RRB- , so I started using Toppik . It does a great job of covering the spot . Im going to start propecia soon as well .
 Great product ! Just a few sprinkles on my thinning crown area and no more scalp shows through . My hair is instantly thicker looking . Can be a little messy until you get the hang of it . A little goes a long way !
 Amazing is the only word . Really plumps up my fine hair and allows me to skip days so I do n't have to wash my hair every day . And does n't rub off , yay !
 I use to buy this product for my mother and she really loves , her only concern is on windy daysbut she uses anyway .
 Take note , America ! Finally , a product that does EXACTLY what it says it will do . Believe the ads , believe the video . This product is NOT for totally bald guys ; you have to have something up there to work with . But if you do , this product is amazing . It makes what hair you do have seem like more . It fills in thinning spots quite nicely . The instructions say that you should n't use this on the front part of your hairline , but I do and it works !! And the price is very reasonable ! So of you want more hair up there , try it . You 'll like it !
 I was trying all types of products to thicken my thinning hair . Nothing worked . Minoxidil only helps in slowing down the process but does nothing for covering the thinning spots . This product really works . It really does work in covering areas that are thinning , and your friends will not be able to tell the difference.It will last all day , the only draw back , it will wash off if your hair gets too wet . It is also best to use hair spray to keep it in place .
 This product really helps to cover bald spots and very thin hair . It does take a bit to cover and it is expensive , but really worth it for the good feeling it gives . Be careful when using because it does make a mess around the bathroom since particles are `` flighty '' . Have purchased many times and will continue to purchase .
 A few weeks ago I had a consultation with a Hair Restoration Specialist . We both agreed that although my hair was thinner than I 'd prefer , for a guy my age , -LRB- 53 years old -RRB- it was not thin enough for transplants . During this consultation he mentioned that there are several topical `` powders '' that can be used to enhance the appearance of thinning hair . I did n't take it seriously at the time . Not long after , I was traveling for business and in one of those inflight magazines , I found a product called `` Toppik '' . Its probably the same product the doctor was referring to , but I 'm not sure . Anyhow , after reading about it I decided to give it a try . What a surprise ! Toppik is a very fine powder that is used by shaking it lightly over areas where the hair is thinning . The results are immediate . Thin hair suddenly looks and feels thick again . It even becomes more manageable and behaves as thicker hair does . It is not effected by normal activities and even stays put in rain or snow . It is easily shampooed out . It comes in a variety of shades . I chose the medium brown which blends perfectly with the natural color of my hair . I am so impressed by this product - enough so to write this review , something I have never done before . Toppik makes a variety of other hair thickening products . I intend to try the shampoo and conditioner next . I highly recommend this product !
 i 'm already familiar with the product so i know that it can do wonders for the looks . on the purchase i could n't understand why the shipment was so costly - turns out it a part of the total pricing but the company agreed to return half anyway so i got a great deal and intend to repeat the buy with the same vendor next time .
 Toppik is my answer to seasonal hair loss . In spring and fall I lose hair . This product , I ca n't live without . The cons are
 I found this on Amazon and bought the smaller size to try it out . It is fabulous for people that are going thin on top . I highly recommend this product .
 Great product that works as described . Received in two business days as described on the sellers page.Blends perfect into the hair , but I find better results brushing it through rather than `` patting '' it in . Guess it also depends how much hair you have to work with.One trick to finding a natural look is first brush the hair away from the thinning area to unveil the scalp more , then sprinkle on enough to cover then restyle . You will lose some fibers but looks undetectable !
 I received my Toppik product yesterday , just 4 days after I ordered it vis Amazon.com , which is very impressive considering I was having it shipped to Sydney , Australia.The product caused much hilarity when a workmate applied it at lunchtime and suddenly my bald head began to sprout thick , natural looking hair.I have tried sprays before and they were messy , ran and were unconvincing . Toppik is different . Today I took my time to apply the product and used the plastic insert cut out of a baseball cap to shape my front hairline . The result-fantastic . The girl at the liquor store actually engaged me in a long conversation when I fronted up with my new hair tonight . Shallow ? Yes . Do I care if she 's shallow ? No . Toppik makes me look 10 years younger and I ca n't wait to test it out in social situations.Toppik is fantastic . I 'd recommend to add hairspray to seal it in though , especially if you have a short haircut and severe baldness s I do . No more ` owls eyes ' , I have a natural looking hairline again ! Absolutely amazing !
 Was introduced to this product by a respected hair stylist a few years ago . As the years have passed , the cover up area is increasing and so is my use of Toppik . It 's a great product to cover the obvious loss of hair .
 This is truly an amazing find . I 've used this product for many years and just simply could not do without its use . I have an actual bald spot on the front -LRB- top -RRB- surface of my head and this blends in beautifully . My hairdresser also loves it and has recommended it to her other clients .
 I have been a Toppik customer for the last 3 year and I really love this product . IT does what is advertised .
 Great product and covers up thinning hair areas very well ! Highly recommended but make sure to use some hair spray so that the fibers will stay in place !
 As my hair thins more and more , Toppik does n't seem to do as good a job as it once did , but I still use it because it keeps away the comments from untactful people . It 's still pretty unnoticeable unless someone gets really close .
 My aunt shared the secret of appearing to have a full head of hair !!! My hair is extreamly thin on top . So bad if I had n't found this amazing product I would still be wearing a hair piece . I 'm a very prideful person , never go without makeup.So the appearance of my hair is very important to me as most women . Using Toppik is absolutely magical !! No one would ever know all this hair is not natural and comes in a can !! I ca n't say enough about Toppik Hair Building Fiber . I 've been using it for about 3 years and Amazon is the best place to order it from . Thank you so much for listing such a wonderful product.Thanks Again , Judy from North Carolina
 Excellent product . It is amazing the difference in your hair before and after you apply the product . Even up close -LRB- 1 ft -RRB- people still ask me what I am doing to make my hair so thick . You absolutely can not tell it is small `` powder '' or `` fibers '' and it blends so naturally with your own hair . I will continue to buy this product , as it has been a lifesaver.p.s . I use this product , then use a strong hold hair spray to prevent the fibers from blowing out and to mimic the look of thickness . I helps to create layers by applying the product , spraying , then applying a little more until you are satisfied . Takes me about 5 minutes and I am through !
 When I lost my husband in 2007 I lost a lot of hair which did not come back . I felt self concious about two areas where my scalp showed through . A dear friend shared this product with me and I remember crying when I used it . The feeling of confidence it has given me has been the real gift of this product . Thank you , Cindy Mccusker
 I 'm mainly interested in the backfield -- not the front line -LRB- hairline -RRB- which might require a more skilled offensive maneuver . This is about the best it gets without a transplant . Build a foundation on bald spots - first and lightly fill in areas of slight thinning by lifting hair and filling in beneath . If you dye your own hair -- it 's important , of course , to get the Toppik shade right , or viewing it the other way == find a hair dye shade that best matches the Topik shade you wish to use .
 I bought it before in other color . It really works in dark colors or gray . I absolutely reccomended it to everybody .
 Love this stuff ! - it doesn &#8217; t flake everywhere like some of the other products do.-it makes you hair look fuller-it hides grays between colors-it doesn &#8217; t rub off onto clothesYou want to make sure you get it on the ROOTS/Scalp . . brush hair afterward to knock off &#34; extra &#34; and use hairspray . It will look awesome and STAY PUT . Been using this for 2 years now and tried SEVERAL types before I found this ... if I was a &#34; prep per &#34; I would stock food , water , emergency supplies and THIS for the vanity side of me .
 I have been using this product for almost 2 years now . It has given me the ability to look in mirror again and like what I see . It is hard for a young woman to have `` thinning '' hair , and this definitely makes a difference !
 Covers everything really well and I have a significant amount of hair loss . I 'm a stage actor and have been using this for 5 years ! no one notices !!! -LRB- and I 've asked -RRB-
 Thank god for this temporary concealer , without it I would n't be able to leave the house without feeling self-conscious about my thinning hair . I use a combination of the medium brown and dark brown . It takes a little practice , but you can make it really blend with the hair you have.I changed my review from 4 to 5 stars because this is the only temporary solution I can find to conceal thinning hair that actually works . Hair systems at salons that specialize in thinning hair are available , but if you are not ready to spend the money/time per year , and if you still have hair , this stuff really helps and works for men and women -LRB- I am a 33 year old female -RRB- .
 I do n't usually review products but I am so happy with Toppik that I have to speak up . I have tried several things to try and cover my thinning hair - to cover the pink scalp peeking through . This is the easiest and most effective product I 've found . Just sprinkle on a little when you see a `` needy '' spot and amazingly enough , it looks like you have hair there . It also lasts until you wash it out . Does n't leave any residue on your clothes or give any other indication that you are using a product . I am so happy I found this product and plan to always have it on hand .
 A fews month back , I thought I would give this product a try , without really expecting too much . But it actually does cover up those thinning areas well . I am a regular user now .
 My hairstyle is the short/messy look . I normally use some type of paste on it to style it . The front has been thinning for a few years now . I especially notice it when I 'm in a photograph . You can see straight in to my scalp . I use all of the shampoos , conditioners , etc. they are fine , but nothing really can hide the fact that it is indeed thin up front . I ordered Toppik a few weeks ago and was hoping for the best . I also grabbed the add-on atomizer that screws on top of the bottle . It works . I use it after I shower , then I let my hair dry completely . I shake/spray about 4-5 shots into that specific area , then work it around so it doesnt clump or look `` too black '' in a specific area . I then use my normal paste & style as normal . It works . There is a definite visible difference . and the cool thing is that it is not going to stick out like a sore thumb to others . I do heed others advice about sweating or standing in the rain . I have heard it will run like mascara , and I dont want that , so I play it safe . also , I try to wash it out before I go to bed . I think its best for thinning hair . if you are almost bald , its not for you . All in all ... . I will be a customer for a long time
 Just received this today and tried it . I actually said to myself `` I do n't believe it '' . It really does cover balding areas . Like others have said , you can not be completely bald , you have to have some hair in the area but it did definately cover my spot .
 My hair has thinned from Chemotherapy and this product has helped 100 % with my thinning hair !! I would be wearing a wig if it was n't for Toppik !
 Great product for covering the bald are in the back of my head ... also good forthe few days between coloring my hair .
 I 've been thinking about doing a hair transplant to fill in those thinkin spots but a friend recommended toppik and i am totally satisfied and highly recommend it .
 I got this and used it and it works to thicken my hair . However I needed something more to cover the scalp better . I am a female and very thin on top . So I did what was recommended by someone else and I got Couvre -LRB- made by same company -RRB- in dark brown to use on my scalp first -LRB- it also covered my gray roots -RRB- and then when it dried I used Toppik . Together they worked GREAT ! I was using just a black hair spray and it was making a mess everywhere ! It left over-spray on everything and turned the necklines of my sweaters and clothes black and was a mess . If I touched my hair at all my fingers were black . This does n't come off on anything and I can touch my hair ! I was even in a rainstorm today and it did n't run . You can not tell I am thin at all ! It looks thick and nice . I am much much happier ! -LRB- BE sure and not use to much as it will begin to ball up . You do not need much at all !
 This stuff is probably ` big stars ' quick fix secrets ! I found it and now I feel good about my head ! I like to leave some of my grey hair grow out and blend with ` whatever ' color and this stuff blends well with every color as well.I love it .
 I love toppik and it was at a bargin price . the product arrived perfect , and quickly . I love it and will definitely buy more .
 I absolutely love this product . Within the last year I have been experiencing thinning hair in the middle of my head . My hairdresser suggested this and I made the purchase . It really worked wonders ; you would not be able to see the thinning area , after just a few sprinkles I was absolutely enamored with this product . The seller was awesome as well ; the process was easy and it arrived right when I needed it the most . I would definitely recommend this to another .
 This product is excellent . I do n't see myself ever Not using it . It makes thin hairlook thick and full
 First realize you are not really fooling anyone . This product is better than Nanogen in my opinion because Toppik is a finer fiber than Nanogens larger fibers . Toppik allows you to cover areas that are balding and thus making the bald area look smaller . It is so fine that even you can miss it . It clings to the hairs you do have and makes those areas look thicker . It 's a good product but not a permanent solution . Good for the price and fast delivery .
 I ordered the smaller bottle to try out and instantly fell in love with it . The masking is so great that nobody really noticed my spot on the crown . It is better to wear it at night when going to functions ... I already ordered more from this seller for my stock . This says more than anything I can put in words . Thanks
 Follow the directions exactly and it works like a dream . It does n't give you any volume , but it does take away that `` overhead '' shine . I have dark hair and when I have overhead light , it shines on my scalp and makes things look worse . This covers that and no shine ! I feel more confident about my hair .
 This product is almost unbelievable . My hair is thinning quit a bit at the back part of the crown . Toppik Building Fibers makes the unfortunately-visible-scalp disappear . It works best when the after-spray is used . The spray must fix it in place . I was afraid it was going to look like I spray-painted my head -LRB- Did you see the Fabulous Baker Boys movie ? -RRB- but it does not . It looks like there is more hair on that part of the scalp . I 'm not sure exactly how Toppik works , but I will be using this product as long as I have some hair around for it to work with . I mean it .
 I used this product last month , now I satisfied with this . IT REALLY WORKS WELL.Nobody recognized I used this . I like this .
 I received exactly what I ordered in exactly the delivery time promised for exactly the specified price . As good as it gets .
 if you need some extra volume in your hair or want to cover up some stray grays . This is it
 I love this product . I have been using it for 10 years now . I am a 60 year old female and always had thin hair . Since I have changed my hair color several times in the last ten years , I have had to buy different shades . I works better with hair spray -LRB- which I do not use -RRB- . You just shake it on the scalp and it covers the head so the scalp is not shiny with the illusion of hair . I have used other products over the years but I have found this to be the easiest .
 I have used Toppik for years . I think it is expensive , so I use it sparingly . It does hide the shine of your scalp , but it does n't make your hair look thicker like the ads state . However , it used to be the best item to help cover up that shine ! Now I use Couvre Alopecia Masking Lotion first and a little Toppik over that , and the two work great together . I recommend the combination , or just the lotion if cost is an issue .
 I always re-order this product . My previous reviews no longer exist because the reseller is gone so I am going to c & p ; my original review.I 'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth . It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I ca n't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids . It 's so embarrassing that I do n't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator . One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell , it 's worth a try.Toppik has completely changed my life . It 's not perfect but look at it like makeup . It covers up just enough so that if you did n't tell people they would n't know . I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference . They said `` That stuff is F -- AMAZING ! '' If you have thinning or balding hair , scalp issues to cover up it 's worth the money.It 's not gon na stay on overnight . It 's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat . I 've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it 's not favorable all the time . Those are the only downsides . Take it from me and my friends . . it works and its amazing : -RRB-
 I have been using Toppik for years now , and I never leave the house without it . Totally worth the money and super fast shipping . I received my order in 3 days . Highly recommended !
 This is the best for people with thinning hair.Covers nicely and hides the scalp making your hair look thicker.Awesome !
 Great product but beware the quantity you are ordering . Thought I was getting a large bottle and got what appears to be a trial size .
 TOPPIK Hair Building Fibers ... Dark Brown 25 gramsAs the aging process takes its toll , the 1st issue I 've had was a gradual loss of hair on top towards the back . It was embarrassing to me showing signs of hair loss . So , with a refusal to admit loss of hair was in my vocabulary , I opted for the only product on the market that I could see noticeably results from . The product is called Toppik and is made by a company called Spencer Forest but can be purchased from a variety of Internet personal grooming companies . I use it daily , after drying my hair ; it takes literally less than 1 minute to shake the powder substance on your balding area.I bring it with me when I get my haircut or styled and ask the stylist to apply it to the back of my head and each time they are amazed at the results . I have absolutely no connection with the manufacturer I only know that it works well for thousands of people , men and women , myself included , that have to deal with the same situation.It 's relatively inexpensive , price ranges from around $ 6 -LRB- travel size -RRB- to $ 80 -LRB- giant size -RRB- . I usually use the economy size , which you can find for about $ 15 via Amazon . -LRB- It lasts about a month -RRB- Fighting the age dilemma is difficult enough , but this product can ease the pain a little .
 I 'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth . It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I ca n't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids . It 's so embarrassing that I do n't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator . One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell , it 's worth a try.Toppik has completely changed my life . It 's not perfect but look at it like makeup . It covers up just enough so that if you did n't tell people they would n't know . I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference . They said `` That stuff is F -- AMAZING ! '' If you have thinning or balding hair , scalp issues to cover up it 's worth the money.It 's not gon na stay on overnight . It 's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat . I 've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it 's not favorable all the time . Those are the only downsides . Take it from me and my friends . . it works and its amazing : -RRB-
 Well I have been using hair-so-real for the past year and then decided to try this out . They both are pretty much the same but this tends to finish faster as they have a wider mouth for sprinkling the fibers . This could lead to spending more than on hair-so-real .
 As someone who is generally just a ` wee-bit ' skeptical , I purchased Toppik with admitted slim hope that it would work for some fairly significant thinning in the crown area as well as some mild thinning in the front . While not unlike many fellow males in their late 40 's , I personally wanted to do something about it . I have to admit , I was blown away by the results . It does exactly what it says it will do . I was very surprised at how well it holds up to pretty signifcant sweating during exercise . However , this product will not hold up in any type of moderate to heavy rain.In order to apply it correctly it does take some practice . A little advice and I hope it helps ... 1 -RCB- Wash hair thoroughly before use and dry . If you use conditioner , only use it when you do n't plan on applying Toppik as it will reduce the static bond between your hair and the product .2 -RCB- Use the spray applicator to apply it or plan on wasting alot of product and making a mess as well .3 A -RRB- When applying to the crown area , spray thinning spots and gently pat down . Follow with a gentle brush afterwards .3 B -RCB- When applying to the front of the hair , hold Toppik several inches above hair and spray very slowly and gently . Rather than pat hair , perform and up and down motion with your hand over area to help fibers stick . Again , follow through with a gentle brushing or combing . It is imperative that you go very easy when working near the hairline or you will overdo it henceforth having product fall on your scalp .4 -RRB- Gently apply a firm hold hairspray to help hold it in place . Again , do n't overdue it .
 I 've waited a bit to write this review . I 've got a good size bald/thinning spot on the crown of my head . A couple of months ago I decided to try Toppik after my barber recommended it . It has taken a while to get the routine down and learn to apply it just right . I 've been very happy but yesterday proved to me what a great product this is . I never told anyone what I was doing . People kept asking me if I had just gotten a haircut . They knew something had changd , but could n't figure out what it was.Yesterday I was out for a walk qith my partner of 30 years and a friend . While I was walking in front of them my partner said `` What did you do to your hair ? '' I cringed . I thought that he had noticed that I had put something on it and it showed . I aksed him what he meant . He said that my bald spot was gone . He then got right up on top of me and looked at my hair . He could not tell what I had done , but my bald spot was gone . My friend touched it and said that it was soft . If I could fool them I could fool anyone . Even looking for it they could n't tell.Like I said , it took a bit to get the application down just right . This should not discourage you , you just need a little practice . I wash my hair , blow dry it and apply the Toppik , using a hand mirror to see the back . I use the Toppik until I get good coverage , brush it and then use a light spray of Tresseme hairspray . It kind of seals it on the hair and keeps everything in place , but it is not stiff . Most days this is just a minute or so . You do n't need to blowdry if you just let your hair dry naturally , but do n't use the Toppik on wet hair . I think that it would clump . Also the blow dryer give the hair a bit of volume which helps.Give it a try !
 I have waiting a long time for a product like this . If your hair is thin and you could see your scalp this is the product you need to use . It 's easy to use . Just sprinkle on your hair and instantly your hair looks thick . Do n't wait .
 I am a black woman over 50 and yes my hair is thinning . Because I use oils on my hair I did n't think that the product would work . I have been using it for five months now and I am very happy . I dont use the spray .
 I found this product to be very helpful with my thinning long hair . I am 59 years old , so it is probably due to hormones and genetic . I do not like how stiff it makes my hair feel , but oh well . It LOOKS great and really thinkens my hair with a natural look . I used it once , thought is wAS JUST OK , THEN WASHED MY HAIR AND COULD REALLY SEE THE DIFFERENCE . I do not think it would work on totally bald spots , but mixed in with hair it is great .
 I bought 3 different colors because I did not know which would work because my hair is a mixture of colors . I have very thinning hair due to meds I take and in the crrown it was getting worse . I was very skeptical about using this but a friend recommended it and I thought I got nothing to use . Well I put it on and it actually worked . Now I actually did not look bald in spots where I was getting . It makes you look like you have a full head of hair and I really did not use a lot . It also did not come off on my clothes nor my pillow as I slept all nightIt came shipped on the exact date it was promised and imwouldmdefinetly recommend itIf you are not suremofmthe shade buy a few . Get the smallest bottle and then when you decide which one or ones work for your hair . Then buy the larger size . As I will nowRobin
 I originally saw this item in one of those airplane magazines . Several months later I had an Amazon gift card and decided to purchase this product seeing it as a no loss situation . I have a full head of hair however my hairline has started to thin a fair bit on both sides . At first I had trouble applying the product however after several goes I am happy to say it was definitely a great purchase . The fibers merge with my thinning hair perfectly and it makes my hairline look as thick as it does in the center . I also purchased the hairline optimizer which I would strongly recommend if you have the same type of hair loss as me . The only down side is that it is quite a messy process when applying but its a small price to pay . It takes no more than a minute to apply and you can even style afterwards without affecting the product you have applied .
 Thining around the crown of my head . Use this and you cannont tell at all . Does exactly what it claims . Watch YouTube videos of it and see for yourself . Will continue buying this product
 I never believed I could ever get my hair back . I was pretty depressed and spent a lot of money on medications . Nothing worked . I was contemplating shaving off my head , then I found this product on Qatar airways flight from Doha to Washington DC . I read the reviews and bought it , it really works !!!! For those who have found this , your agony is over : - -RRB-
 Just got my bottle yesterday . I did not order from Amazon because I thought if I were to buy it from somewhere near by . . I 'd get it quicker ... That was n't exactly the case ... I know now to order from Amazon next time ! . So about this Toppik hair concealer ... This stuff works ... I tried it on immediately after I got it in the mail ... It 's actually pretty great . Especially if you 're really self conscious about bald spots ... I mostly bought this to cover the crown area on my head . . That 's pretty much the most thinning area on my head ... Toppik covers it very well . and the dark brown color blends in well with my natural hair color.So that 's the good ... what about the bad ? ... I 'm not sure if this stuff has enough sticking power to stay on its own . I tried it last night , worked great even my brother said it looked great . But then I layed down for a while ... and they told me it looked like I had dyed my scalp black lol I guess the fibers were pressed down into my scalp ... I would not recommend laying down with this stuff on your head if it 's just by its self . I recommend using some hair spray right after putting the Toppik on . Just carefully spray a little from a distance to get a firm hold . I did this today and it still looks good , it 's been a good few hours ... I think any decent hair spray will work fine . You do n't have to go all out and spend a ton on hairspray ... Try this ! do n't go without at least a little hair spray . Just in-case of wind or if you got ta rest your head on something . But yeah ... GOOD PRODUCT . for 20 bucks ? it 's worth a try . .
 I 'm in my 50 's and have started to notice thinning at the top of my head . This was extremely devastating for me . I began to look for solutions and searched the internet for help ! I was fortunate enough to learn about Toppik . It is a lifesaver for me . It works perfectly on my thinning areas . My hair looks natural and full . There is NO sign of product in my hair . It is easy to apply , you merely shake the fibers onto the thinning areas and within seconds , there are no thinning areas . It is like magic . This has to be one of the greatest products ever made ... truly has impacted my life in a good way . I have not experience any problems with applying Toppik and it is n't on my pillow when I wake . Even if it was , the good that this product does far out weighs the minor issues that could occur.I recommend this product to anyone who is experiencing hair loss or thinning ... it really works !
 My hair stylist introduced me to this product about a year ago and I am absolutely hooked . I have recommended it to so many women with thinning hair . It is absolutely remarkable . Now my husband is using it . It looks completely natural and it only takes 1 minute to apply . This is my all time favorite beauty secret . I 'd rather forget my make up than my Toppik .
 very good product , fast shipping and have used it before , color is good for blondes , very good as far as using it to cover spots
 I 've been using this product for a couple of years . It really fills in the spots very naturally . The price is great . I pay $ 25.00 just for the small size .
 This &#34; powder &#34; cover the pink of your scalp and brings less attention to the sparse areas of hair . I like it .
 I really like this product . Like a lot of women , if my hair is n't combed exactly right , in the back of my hair is a slight bald spot . When I use this product , it covers up the problem . The first time I used it I bought the blonde color , which allthough I 'm blonde , did n't prove to be as successful as the light brown . The light brown seems to give me a better covering than the same color as my natural hair .
 this is the most effective cosmetic product i 've purchased in a decade . i look 30 again . Toppik has a customer for life .
 This product is a life saver and works very well for my hair loss issue -LRB- s. -RRB- It is also much cheaper here than if you buy it from the manufacturer who rips off their longtime users with much higher prices . If you use this product right , it works very well and is totally undetected .
 I have been using the Toppik hair product for many years and it does a fantastic job covering up the thin spots . I highly recommend it .
 This is the second time I have purchased this product and will continue to use it forever . It is absolutely amazing and really works . I have extremely thin hair and without this product , you can see my scalp right through my hair . A little sprinkle of Toppik and it disappears ! With Toppik you honestly can not tell where the thin parts are . I recently had to have a hair sample drug test done for a job and the woman told me that once she took the hair sample I would n't even notice because I had such thick hair !! No one has ever told me my hair looked thick before . Obviously it does not actually make your hair thicker but at least it does have that appearance . I am completely pleased with this product and have recommended it multiple times .
 I love this product . It does exactly as it says . It covers your balding spots and makes your hair appear fuller . If you are losing hair but still have some strands of hair that this product can cling to , then this is for you . If you attempt to put this product on bald skin , then forget it , you will look ridiculous . This product needs some hair to cling to and believe me , it will appear fuller and no one will be able to tell . You can comb your hair after putting this on , but do n't rub your head too much or else it will come off little by little . But it beats buying a hair piece or hair transplant .
 I look younger , all my friends and family say . That 's good enough to say about this product . It makes you look and feel younger .
 I have been using this product since March 2008 and love it ! I am a woman with hair loss over the entire scalp . This product is like make-up for my hair . I spray it at the roots and look like I have my hair back ! I read the review by Houston Guy and was concerned about the color . Indeed , when the product arrived there was a fine dust on the inside of the canister that appeared purple and I freaked out . However , THE PRODUCT WAS FINE . I 'm not sure why that dust took on that color but the Toppik was the same as when I order from directly from Spencer Forest -- but much less expensive . I do recommend the spray attachment . It does n't fit the largest canister , so be sure to order a smaller size that will fit the sprayer then purchase refills for it in the larger size , it 's much more economical . One more thing , there is a bit of shedding onto your pillow , etc. . A little hairspray -LRB- not too much ! -RRB- will help set the Toppik after you apply .
 This product is terrific . It works well with patchy hair or thin hair to fill in the `` see thru '' look on your scalp . It 's easy to use and very affordable . It does n't damage already existing hair follicles .
 Works fast and really covers the thin spots . Just be sure you pat it in and give it a spray with the holding spray . Otherwise it might flake off . Washes off easily .
 I have used Toppik for more than two years now ; the product provides good coverage of thinning hair and a sense of confidence and wellbeing . I now feel confident that my hair will look good and thick throughout the day and evening . Toppik is a great product which has heightened my sense of wellbeing and confidence in public , and alleviated the many fears accociated with anxieties and depresseion surrounding the sense of baldness and public perception .
 I do n't know what I would do without toppik . It makes my thinning hair look full again . It is amazing . I have light blonde hair and I use the light brown color . I can no longer see my scalp . Great Stuff !!
 I bought this for my 10 year old son , he was born with a ball spot about the size of a quarter , and if his hair is cut to short , it shows . After putting this product in his hair , it hides it very well and you ca n't even notice the spot as long as he has it in . You have to spray it to really make sure it stays in , but it works really well , he loves it and so do I , it makes him feel so much better too , because guys and their hair is a big thing , even at a young age !!! We will have to always make sure we have it in stock !!!
 I have been dealing with really thin hair on top since about age 20 -LRB- 31 now -RRB- and recently my hair stylist told me about this product . I have n't been able to have shorter spiky hair due to the thinning until now . Thanks to Toppik I 'm able to have a short hairstyle with confidence . I 've read people on here saying it is glorified hair makeup and well , yes it is . The key is not to use too much or it will cake up on your scalp and definitely look noticeable . If you lightly use as directed , it bonds to your existing hair to give the appearance of fuller hair . Overall , a great product for someone who 's thinning and wants to stop making your style cater to bald spots !! Will continue using for sure .
 I am a 25 year old female suffering from Androgenic alopecia -LRB- Female Pattern baldness -RRB- Its devastating to me . Ive delt with this for over 10 years now , and its gotten rather bad . I read up on Toppik and decided to give it a shot ... and oh my goodness , I am so happy with this product . It looks natural , fills in my diffused thinning hair . I can have my life back ! I also use Nioxin Shampoo/conditioner/scalp treatment with it , as Toppik will not stop the thinning , just cover it up . It took me a little while to get used to applying this -LRB- I dont use the little gadget made to apply Toppik , -RRB- But after a few try 's Im a pro!If you have a problem with thinning hair , give this a shot . It can really help give back your confidence .
 I am SO glad I finally found something that covers up my slightly thinning hair . This stuff is exactly what I was looking for . It darkens my scalp so that it looks like my hair is continuous . I have the dark brown and light brown , and both look pretty good depending on how long my hair is . My only complaint is that sometimes it clumps up and may fall onto your shirt . If it does this , especially in sunlight people will start wondering what is in there . Also , be careful when you put it on ... you can easily breathe in the particles . My lungs hurt the first day I had this and I finally figured out why .
 excellent product , specially if you have partial hair loss , I had hair transplant 8 years ago , and I am using toppik as a filler , make sure to order Toppik spray Maximizer , in order to evenly have a layer of Toppik on your head.also happy with this order and the company sending it by first class mail ON TIME
 It was a big surprise to find out that my problem -LRB- thin hair -RRB- can be solved so easily . Well , of course thin hair still remains thin , but now only I know about it ! It works exactly as it was advertised and as good as I expected .
 I ordered this product to give it a try . So far it seems to work okay.It 's kind of hard to put it on the bck of my head , but I will keep using it.I do have to say that my daughter ordered and she loves it .
 Really hides thin spots and does n't budge until washed out . Totally natural looking . Easy to use . Just sprinkle it on and pat in after washing , drying , and styling hair . My hair has really gotten thin on top and in the front with my scalp quite visible . I had been toying with the idea of getting a wig . That has all changed since this product was recommended to me . Ladies , it 's not just for men ! Too bad more hair stylists are n't more familiar with it . It would save a lot of women 's angst at having less than adequate hair .
 This is the second time I have ordered this product and I am very well satisfied with it . Gives me time in between coloring my hair to cover the greyI have thin hair and it really does a good job for me . I will continue using this . Thanks to Amazon for the product .
 been using amazon gives lowest pricingproduct really workswill continue to buysaved money doing transplanting too!this product is good value for the moneyit lasts a long time
 Discovered this product from my hairdresser . It is for thinning hair and is like magic . Just style your hair and sprinkle this on the thinning areas that show . It blends with your hair and looks like you have a full head of hair . I will never be without it !!
 Toppik is the best product for me , for my thinning hair . It is gives me the confidence to gout in the sun or fluorescent lighting . People do n't look up at my thinning hair and see my scalp . Is it it perfect ? No , but it works . It does n't stain but does rub off . I say just do n't touch it , put a little spray on it and go .
 Great price , fast ship , saw this on Amazon actualy for first time and was n't really sure if it was a great product-didn ' t want to invest a lot of money and time into it because truly although a great idea , mmmm was n't sure how great it would work-I googled it before I bought it and decided to go for it since it was a really decent price-I really liked it and will Bo doubt purchase again ! thanks guys !
 The best hair product that works for thinning hair ... most people think I 'm wearing a wig because my hair looks so full . I could and would never be without it .
 Im so glad to find this ! It covers my spots of thin hair by shading the scalp . Give it a try .
 Reading a lot of other reviews I was worried that this might not be worth the money , but after trying it ... I love it ! I have dark brown hair with copper/caramel highlights and the dark brown shade works very well for me . I think the key to making ths product work for you is that you have to have some hair for it to hang on to . I have very fine hair which gives me a lot of visible scalp right at the crown of my head . Can anyone say dark hair pasty scalp ? Ha!Bottom line
 It does what it says it will do and it makes my hair look a lot thicker and makes it easier to style . I add it after my hairspray so that my hairspray does n't get it wet .
 This stuff really covers the spots where my hair is thin . It stays where I put it until the next time I wash my hair . I actually do n't use it all the time because I feel more comfortable with my hair because I have an option . The only problem is that it takes a long time to shake it out of the container .
 Have been using topic for several years . Find it easy to use , very effective and undetectable . I highly recommend it
 I love this stuff ! Wish I would 've started using it years ago . I 'm a guy whose hair has been thinning out for 5 years now . After putting on Toppik , you ca n't tell ! I do n't use it every day ; I only use it for special events where I know pictures and videos will be taken . I highly recommend it to anyone with thinning hair .
 I love it . The coverage is complete and it stays until I wash it out . The price is good too !
 I was so pleasantly surprised at just how well this product works . I had previously used Great Hair Days powder and the Toppik fibers blows it out of the water ! I have severe thinning of my hair in the front , due to weight loss and am very self conscious about it . This product has restored my confidence ! It is easy to learn to use and gives a very nice finished look , I Highly recommend it ! I WILL be buying it again . Good Luck all : -RRB-
 I am 27 years old . I had been experiencing hair loss in highschool i wish i had this back then . I heard about this about 2 years ago . I love it . It works great .
 This works perfectly . I will now never be without this product . I color my hair and have used both the medium and dark browns . When my hair is first colored -LRB- dark brown -RRB- the corresponding dark brown product is undetectable . Once the color starts fading and my hair gets lighter again I switch to medium brown and again it matches perfectly . Next spring I 'm getting heavy blond highlights and will purchase the blond . This has been a miracle for me . .
 This product is a great concealer for not so bald areas . Easy to use and cheap , compared to the price here in Saudi Arabia . I recommend this product to anyone who has balding problems .
 It worked for me . I am glad that I found this product . Thanks to Dr. Oz for recommending this product .
 Just start using this product , and it works ! I am so happy finding the Toppik , and I recommend it to everybody try it .
 Toppik gets the job done . It is easy to apply , does not irritate the scalp , blends well with hair , and is not messy.William
 Likes - nice coverage for roots plus some liftDislikes - a bit itchy!Recommend - for people with short hair who need a root touch up and a little extra hair texture
 This product looks natural , stays in place , and works to cover the scalp and thicken my thin , fine , hair . I use it everyday .
 I have used Toppik for years ... great aid for thinning hair ... SHH ! It 's a secret . Wo n't leave home without it .
 I love this . I have beginning thinning . . Can see through to scalp , age appropriate for someone with thin hair to begin with . It 's not 100 % perfect but it stops my incessant looking at my hairline in mirror and pics - that alone made me feel confident . I did the transitions hair where they add 4 hairs to one strand with great results but expensive and last 6 weeks . I am thrilled this option as cheaper and in between if necessary . I wore my hair down - I usually side pin my bangs to deceive my thickness and avoid seeing my scalp but it is getting old and I wan na wear side bangs without seeing my scalp . It made me happier and less self conscious .
 I can not leave my house without using this product . It would be like walking outside naked . I feel like a different person when I use this product .
 This came in a large , economy size and cost very little more than the smaller size I 'd been buying at the beauty supply store .
 My hair has been thinning , and I have been at a loss as to how to solve the problem . Toppix works great . I could n't find the auburn at any local store , and Amazon offered it at a better price anyway . TIP
 Why would n't one want to treat herself to a splash of pure gardenia if it is available ...
 What a great price . And it was shipped for free and came very fast . I have told all my friends and now they are looking too !
 Carlos Santanna is amazing ! Retail stores stopped selling it some years back . I was so happy to find it online and of course it smells amazing ! I love it . It will be my favorite for life !!!
 I have used many different colognes in my life . THIS cologne is the BEST !!! The scent is a but sweet but it is a very light scent . It 's the perfect cologne for going out at night with my wife , but I also wear it to work and have gotten many compliments from men and women alike . One reviewer said it was n't a masculine cologne , and I guess he 's right . However the scent is a one of a kind scent and well worth the purchase . Add to that the price on Amazon . I ended up buying 2 bottles since the price was so low . At the local mall I would 've paid more for one bottle than I did for two bottles on Amazon . If you 're looking for a one of a kind scent that is perfect for any occasion at a great value then this is the cologne you want .
 I bought for my teenage son . He loves it and so do I. Not to over powering , and last along time.He pours cologne on like water so for the price and fluid ounces its a great buy.Packaging and bottle are also appealing . Will buy again .
 The product was as described , new in a box . The seller sent good communication throughout the sale and the product shipped right away . Thanks .
 I smelled this cologne before I bought it and it is one of the most pleasant fragrance that I have ever smelled . It smells rely fresh and clean and is now one of the best in my collection .
 took a shot on this since I had n't even heard about it , I 'm a bit of a cologne whore and I rarely chime in but damn I 've got ta say gentlemen if you want to stand out and make the lady 's droolthis cologne has got to be in your arsenal , way mad props to CS if he 's input more then just his name on the box & bottle.I 'm about to buy a back up for myself and some for Xmas gifts . easily one of the best colognes I 've stumbled across
 Just like Carlos this scent is very unique . I think for the price it 's worth it . It does n't seem to have a long hang time ,
 This is one of the purchases on Amazon Prime that I just wonder how in the world they make any money . How I was able to get a large size prime time cologne for less than $ 20 shipped to me in 2 days is amazing . I really enjoy this cologne and while it is light , that is my preference as so many people are scent sensitive and this probably is less challenging . Definitely recommend .
 I bought this cologne spray in the 3.4 oz size for my husband 3 years ago . He 's still using it up - he uses this cologne every day , 365 days a year - so this bottle is going to last you quite a long time . My husband likes this Carlos Santana cologne , and I flippin ' love it on him . I do n't think you can go wrong with this . I ca n't tell you much about fragrance notes , but I can tell you that I still love it after smelling it on my hubby every day for 3 years .
 Carlos Santana cologne is one of the best fragrances for men I 've used . When I have some on , I get compliments on how I smell each time . This cologne is not too loud and not too sweet ... LOVE IT !
 Smells so good on a handsome bald guy ;--RRB- Delivered on time and so easy .
 I do like the way it does smell , but I am not impress , I guess that 's why only 4 stars , although few people did like it on me , but for my taste it is just a like .
 I 've been using Santana for a few years and always get compliments from the women . It has a nice musky smell .
 A great product which really lasts through the day and makes me feel special , it has worked for me , keep it coming guys and thank you Carlos , Basil
 I adore this scent ! I get compliments all the time when I wear it . It blends well with my own natural musk . It 's a shame that its no longer available in stores . Its has a distinct very masculine , woodsy scent . Its scent is in the realm close to my other favorite cologne , Calvin Klein 's Obsession .
 My wife bought this for me long ago and it 's just become &#34; my &#34; scent . It 's a great spicy formula that I honestly ca n't smell when I 'm wearing it but everyone loves it .
 I bought this cologne for my boyfriend and he loves it and so do I . This is definitely a good buy .
 This is the 5th or 6th bottle I have bought my husband and now our hairdresser wants it too ! Everyone compliments him .
 I have used this now for over a year and women compliment all the time . I was about to run out and was pleased to find it was available from Amazon.com
 Hard to find but worth the search . This fragrance has an alluring scent which I like .
 this stuff smells like heaven on earth . i love it ! I 'm not sure what the ingredients are but it 's a good mix . i wish i knew what to compare it too as far as smells go , but I do n't . i say give it a try , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have worn lots of colognes in my life ... . I have NEVER gotten as many comments -LRB- or as often -RRB- back from any one on how good I smell except for this one !!! Truly amazing how this fragrance works for me . I hope other guys do n't buy it ... . saves the compliments for me . : - -RRB-
 Carlos Santana Carlos Santana 3.4 oz Fine Cologne Spray For Menlike bold fresh smell of this cologne stays with you thru out day
 this is my third bottle of Santana in the past 5 years ... everyone always asks me what I 'm wearing - they all agree it is a wonderful cologne - especially the women !!
 This stuff is amazing ! I love this cologne . My husband wore it for over a year ... that is until my teenage son swiped it from him ! I 'm happy to find this at such a low price . I 'm buying some for my son for Christmas . It 's hard to find in the stores ... So glad Amazon has it !
 I bought this on a whim for my husband . He loves Santanas music and I thought he might like to try his colonge as well.The ingredients seemed right on the money for his taste . He is in love ! It smells hippy , classy , earthy yet still complex.Masculine but a little sweet . The color and bottle are cool . Will purchase again.Also 10 % goes toward his childrens charity !
 For the price , I like this cologne . The closest comparison I can think of Thalium . A little too sweet smelling at first but after a few minutes it smells pretty good . Not very masculine so if that 's what you are looking for , this might not be the cologne for you . But it does smell good , ladies will like it , and is well worth the price of under $ 20 .
 WAS N'T SURE WHAT TO EXPECT BUT HAVE BOOTS FROM C. SANTANA AND DECEIDED TO TAKE A CHANCE . WAS FOR HUSBAND BIRTHDAY AND HE LOVES IT , I ALSO !
 Love it ! I had been looking for this cologne for a while . The price was great . I recommend this company to anyone
 I bought the product and it smells great . The only problem was the bottle itself . The cap is real loose . It wont stay on the bottle . Also it is like somebody sprayed it before they shipped it to me cause the first time I took it out of the bottle to give it a spray I didnt have to pump it to get it to spray . It sprayed on the first shot . It would have been no big deal but I bought it for a gift and now the person is going to think that I sprayed it before giving it to them or they might think I am regifting a gift .
 I decided to try this cologne as we all know C. S. is a excellent musician and I must say his cologne is just as Excellent as his music . This fragrance is clean and fresh with just a hint of masculine musk . . very lightly added to the mix . Youll remember this fragrance for some time to come . . Its a keeper . /
 The price , the quality and speed of delivery were great . A little goes a long way and my husband likes that I ca n't stay away from him .
 Since the first time I caught a whif of this cologne , I loved it . Could n't wait to ask a totalstranger what he was wearing . After lots of laughs and jokes about being a great pick-up line , he finally told me . Was really anxious to order it as a Father 's Day gift . Thanks to the greatsmelling stranger , and to Amazon for the great price !
 I purchased a lot of colognes all at once on Amazon , so I have not used this product much , but it seems nice.Obviously it will not be as glamorous or have the longlasting smell as a really expensive cologne , but for theprice this is still a dynamite deal !!!!
 Well , Ive been useing this product for about a week and I only have a few traces of acne left , which is very impressive ! **** But for everyone saying that `` 100 % of people had results within 24 hours '' is a lie , Just read ther fine print . It says 100 % of people had changes in pimple color or size . So with their creative wording they tricked you . It could g = change in color and size and get smaller and fainter ... Or it could change in color and size and get larger and more red . But keep in mind we all have different skin which reacts differently to different produtss . This definatly worked for me !
 I started using these products about 2 years ago and love them ! I started using them when i became pregnant with my second child because i was breaking out really bad after of few days of using these products i could see the difference , my soon to be husband has even started using them too and I could see the difference on his face within days . I recomend these products to everyone i know with blemish problems !!!! Thank you clean and clear !!
 I am 23 , so I very rarely get any raging red zits/pimples anymore . But , I do get blackheads and whiteheads on my chin and forehead , that , if I wanted to endure the pain of squeezing them out of my pores , and the annoyance of leaving red marks on my face for two days , I could get rid of . However , I tried the Clean & Clear Spot Treatment for a couple weeks before my sister 's wedding , and it worked miracles ! I actually smeared about a dime-sized amount on my face twice a day or as I remembered . You are actually supposed to use less and only on the actual problem area , but I figured an overload for a special occasion could n't hurt -- and it did n't ! There was slight dryness near the sensitive parts of my eyes , but I 'm sure if you use it a little more sparingly over a longer period of time , you will be fine ! Not to mention , if you purchase the kit there is a moisturizer included . I am very pleased to see that there is a kit available for only around $ 8.00 , which I am sure can only add to the product 's effectiveness . I 'll be finding out very soon ! Definitely recommend !
 I am 24 years old , and for a few years I have been getting acne around the jawline , cheeks and hairline . There would n't be a day I did n't have at least one pimple , and usually I had more like clusters . I really thought when I bought this kit 3 weeks ago it would be a scam like most other products , especially since it has the usual ingredients that I 've tried before and failed with . I do n't know what they do , but somehow this combo works , and works WELL . So much so , that when I look in the mirror in the morning -LRB- a PMS morning , no less -RRB- , I actually think `` my face is so clear -- is there something wrong with me ??!! '' If you have acne similar to mine , USE THIS , and do n't think its too good to be true . It is slightly drying , but when you get dried out just skip a morning or night and let your face recover . I love this stuff anyway !
 This Really Works . Do n't Hasitate to buy this acne kit . it works really good takes about 2 weeks to work but it really works .
 I have been using this product consistantly for two years . I have oily skin and medium skin tone . This product works great for me even during my PMS . I am a keloid ; scare easliy , and it does help to reduce the marks . I think it would work a lot better if I did n't wear my hair on my face -LRB- the sides -RRB- . The first week I used it I noticed remarkable clearing of my skin . This product would probably be a bit much for those with sensitive skin . I purchase a small scubbing pad from CVS with this product .
 While they insist that you 'll look different in a day , which , of course , is false , you will see a major difference within a couple of days . Be warned , though , if you stop using this system then you will break out again .
 I have been using this product for about 2-3 months and I absolutely love it ! Like others , I have tried countless acne medications , but this one seems to work the best.I would , without a doubt , recommend this product to others .
 I 've tried Proactiv and it did n't work onmy skin . And then I see this product that is 4 times cheaper so I ordered it . Works great and you DO see the difference after only a day!I recommend it all the way . I did n't have any issues with bleaching towel or carpet but it 's probably cuz both of them are white ...
 I have tried probably everything on the market for my skin . I have sporadic acne but when I get it , I want it gone immediately ! This is probably the closest product I 've bought that can do that . I noticed results the very next day . Ca n't say that for other items and those that even cost more ! Great daily routine even when you do n't have breakouts . My skin feels smooth and soft and does n't dry it out .
 I 'm sold on this product !!! After spending $ 60 . + on my first ProActive kit and using it for over two weeks with no results , just new blemishes , I decided to look into the Clean & Clear control kit after seeing a commercial . I did some research with respect to customer satisfaction and felt I had nothing to loose in purchasing this kit , which by the way is $ 40 + cheaper than ProActive . I am here to tell you that after 2-days of using this product I began to see results , and within a week my skin felt and looked radiant.I was concerned with having dry skin , as some of the reviews I read indicated this really dried their respective skin out , however , I did not find this was the case for me . In fact , my skin appears to have more moisture in it now than before I began using the product . I have always struggled w/finding the right moisturizer to use that will not break me out , but will aid with the drying I experience , especially during the winter months . This is it , all in this kit , clears my acne up and provides as a great moisturizer as well.Don ' t hesitate , purchase this kit , I do believe you will be pleased with the results . Also , be sure and go online to www.cleanandclear.com to register for the $ 5.00 off coupon at time of purhcase.Signed , One happy clean & clear customer !!!!!
 I have to say I 'm an Accutane type of girl -- that 's the only thing that has ever made a significant difference in my skin . I took it several years ago and enjoyed flawless skin for a couple of years . Since then , the zits have been creeping back in , and nothing has helped much -LRB- prescription topical things , antibiotics , hormone treatments -RRB- . My skin had n't gotten bad enough for Accutane again -LRB- I was considering it anyway -RRB- but it was bothering me and I 'm getting married soon and want to look radiant , not pimply ! So anyway , I got this kit and have been using it for about 2 weeks . I have had 2 zits in that time -LRB- which includes lots of traveling , using sunscreen , trying different heavy makeups , and wearing hats -- all those things usually aggravate my skin -RRB- . The moisturizer component is key , as this definitely will dry you out -LRB- and let me say that NOTHING dries out my skin ! -RRB- . WARNING
 After recently getting off birth control pills , my face started breaking out pretty badly . I am close to 30 , and was only on the pill for about a year . I also did n't have bad acne prior to being on the pill . Needless to say , I was less than pleased . My sister recommended this product , so I figured I 'd give it a shot . I was amazed at how quickly I saw results . Truly within the first two days I saw amazing results , and by the end of the week I pretty much had my face back to normal ! It does dry your face out quite a bit , so it 's a good idea to make sure you use the moisturizer . And eventually you may want to start using this product every other day . Personally , I only use Step 1 and Step 2 of the kit , I do n't use the spot treatment . Just the first two steps alone was enough to dry out my face and clear up my skin . But of course , every person is different in their needs , so use this product as you see fit ! I highly recommend this to anyone who is looking to clear up their skin , and is n't afraid of their face drying out . Believe me , I will take dry skin over acne ridden skin any day ! Good luck to everyone else !
 I have to say I 'm an Accutane type of girl -- that 's the only thing that has ever made a significant difference in my skin . I took it several years ago and enjoyed flawless skin for a couple of years . Since then , the zits have been creeping back in , and nothing has helped much -LRB- prescription topical things , antibiotics , hormone treatments -RRB- . My skin had n't gotten bad enough for Accutane again -LRB- I was considering it anyway -RRB- but it was bothering me and I 'm getting married soon and want to look radiant , not pimply ! So anyway , I got this kit and have been using it for about 2 weeks . I have had 2 zits in that time -LRB- which includes lots of traveling , using sunscreen , trying different heavy makeups , and wearing hats -- all those things usually aggravate my skin -RRB- . The moisturizer component is key , as this definitely will dry you out -LRB- and let me say that NOTHING dries out my skin ! -RRB- . WARNING
 I have tried everything from Proactive , to ProAcne -LRB- Meijer brand proactive -RRB- , to pills , to finally this . Nothing has worked for me unlike this kit . The `` 100 % of people showed improvement in their acne after one use '' is what got me from the commercials . The best part is that it is that the advertisement is true.The ONLY reason I gave this product 4 stars is that though it did clear my skin , I still get occasional zits around the time of exams or performances . Which are also times of high stress . Luckily , the spot treatment allows for you to fix these very quickly , but still , I 'd rather them not show up at all.Overall , this is by far , the best acne product I 've ever used .
 I used to get a few breakouts every so often , but recently I started getting really bad ones that didnt seem to go away . This product cleared up my skin within 1-2 weeks . I noticed improvement every day . I like the cleanser because it left my skin feeling really refreshed . The lotion is a great alternative to other systems like Proactive which use a liquid toner as the second step . Finally , the spot treatment worked well but stung a little on my sensitive skin . This is why I did not give the product 5 stars . Def . give it a try though !
 MMkay . So I 'm 13 , and whenever I go around my period I start breaking out . I bought this product from Target and it works wonders !!! Step one refreshes my skin like mint and step 2 moisturizes wonderfully ! This is the first time I used an acne product and my skin ACTUALLY felt smooth!I would 've given this a 41/2 because when I put the spot treatment on pimples , it burned like HELL .
 I 've been Using Clean & Clear for a week now . I wanted to get rid of some blemishes because I was going to a trip to meet up with some old friends I have not seen in years . Instead of buying the kit I bought the C&C Continuous Control Acne Cleanser wich has ten % benzoyl peroxide just like the cleanser in the kit , also the C&C oil free dual action moisturizer with 0.5 & of salicylic acid just like the one in the kit also , and their advantage acne spot treatment . I did this because These will last me longer than the kit -LRB- the kit will last you a month -RRB- and it all came to twenty-two dollars . So far so good My skin has improved . I had some acne on my cheeks and chin and they have cleared out . I still have a few pores but my chin area has become smooth , before it was very bumpy . I use it twice a day morning and before I go to sleep . I gave it a four because you might feel your skin dry but to the touch it feels soft and smooth . It also bleaches your towels so make sure you are using a white towel . THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT IF YOU USE IT TWICE A DAY I REALLY RECOMMEND IT !!! I am also using this porduct with Natures Cure 2 step acne treatment for females , I heard very good reviews about it and so far these two products have worked wonders for me . Just dont give up on products when you are trying to see results in 3 days that stuff does not really happen . Im pretty sure my skin will clear up completely in one month .
 I have had moderate/severe acne for most of my life since I hit puberty , and I 'm now 25 . There have only been a few stretches of time that I did not have big problems with pimples , breakouts , and dry patches , and using this product was one of those times . I have mostly oily skin , but dry flakiness around my nose and sometimes on my forehead . Sometimes my cheeks are rough . I often get small pimples on my forehead , blackheads on my nose . Sometimes I have painful little pimples in my eyebrows or big , painful pimples on my chin . Lately I started getting large , painful pimples on my cheeks as well . -LRB- Omg , this sounds horrible , LoL -RRB- I have tried ProActiv , which worked great , but it 's a little pricey for me . I like that I can buy this when I 'm ready , when I need it and can afford it , instead of being charged monthly and having it mailed to me like some other treatments.I used Clean & Clear Advantage kit once before and I loved it -LRB- not sure why I stopped -- I think it 's just because I like trying new products -RRB- . Since I 've been having these terrible breakouts lately -LRB- over Christmas dinner , my grandmother asked `` what 's that on your face ? '' So embarrassing ! -RRB- , I decided to try it again , and I think I will stick with it this time . I just used it for the first time this morning , and woooow , my face is so soft right now ! I used the cleanser and the moisturizer and put the spot treatment on the several large pimples that I have right now.With the different problems that I have -- pimples of all sizes and severity , excessive oil , dry flakiness , rough patches -- it 's amazing that this product takes care of all of them . It keeps the oil at bay but still moisturizes the dry areas , gets rid of the pimples but still keeps my skin so very soft.Even when I was n't using the whole kit , I always have the spot treatment on hand . That definitely clears up big problem zits quicker than any other product I 've used and much quicker than they would go away on their own . And it 's clear ! So you can put it on at any time.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this product and highly reccommend it .
 I 've been using Dove products for years and am happy with them . This set is great as a gift or if you want to try out the various products included yourself . The bag is great for traveling or storing future purchases . I use Dove soap all the time and find it does not dry out my skin like other soaps - especially in winter . Highly recommended .
 I may be a bit biased because I love all rose scented things , but this soap is hands down the best soap I have ever tried . First and foremost , the smell is AMAZING . Some reviews say it 's too strong , but I would definitely disagree . I enjoy the smell so much that sometimes I 'll unnecessarily wash my hands with this soap after getting out of the shower -LRB- I keep the bar on my sink -RRB- just so they can smell faintly of roses after I leave the bathroom .
 I so love this soap . It smells wonderful , it lasts forever and it cleans well without drying out my skin .
 You really ca n't go wrong with Pre de Provence . I 've never bought anything from them that I did n't like and this soap is no exception . It smells like a rose garden , truly wonderfully scented . My roommate commented on how nice it made our shared bathroom smell before I even opened it . The gentle exfoliating is very refreshing and combined with the relaxing scent , it 's a first rate bath experience .
 The suds of this wonderful soap are luxurious and the scent fills the room . I especially love this brand
 This rose petal soap leaves me and my bathroom smelling great . Very nice scent .
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 This is a fantastic lavender soap . I bought it as a gift , but kept one . It has bits of lavender in it that act as a light scrub and need to be rinsed off , but it smells fantastic and leaves skin feeling smooth and fresh . The bar lasts a long time .
 I 've purchased these soaps before , and really like them . I did want to point out that this a small bar . I saw the soap , saw the price , thought
 I 've purchased these soaps before , and really like them . I did want to point out that this a small bar . I saw the soap , saw the price , thought
 I 've been using these for about 5 years now , and have tried others , but I keep coming back to Pre De Provence . French soaps always seem to be the best , and all PDP 's soap flavors are wonderful !! The ones with herbs in them are the exfoliating soaps .
 Rose Petal Soap smells like a dozen of fresh cut roses . the scent is n't heavy . It 's lightlyscented . I luv really strong scented soaps to smell up my bathroom . This soap does not do that . It does feel good on your skin . It leaves a very light scent of roses on your skin . The soap is very pretty , like pink marble . I would re-purchase .
 I have n't used bar soap in a long time , however I like the scent of rose and most of the rose body washes I 've tried leave much to be desired . I thought , `` what the heck , I 'll give this a try '' . I 'm so glad I did.This is a good sized bar - when I read some of the reviews I was afraid it might be something more near travel size , but that is most certainly not the case . It is about the same size as any normal , popular brand . It is also pretty solid and so far seems like it will take a while to wear it down to a nub.Of course , more importantly , the soap has a wonderful rose scent . In fact , each time I walk into the bathroom I get a whiff of it ... ahhh , so lovely . The soap easily produces a nice , thick , healthy lather -LRB- I use a poof -RRB- and I like the way it rinses off clean without any weird residue . The scent does n't really stay on my skin once out of the shower , but it does leave my skin feeling more refreshed and softer than other , more expensive , products I 've used . I am very pleased and I will definitely be trying out some of the other flavors I 've seen available .
 I bought about 4 bars of the Pre de Provence soaps . . so far I have only opened the lavender and the Rose . I think the Rose bar smells better than the lavander and it has a stronger scent in the bathroom . Neither of these soaps will leave you smelling like a rose or lavender all day long -LRB- so men do n't have to be afraid of using them -RRB- . They last forever as they are quadruple french milled . The price you pay is really not so great due to how long they last and how large the bar of soap is -LRB- huge -RRB- . Both the lavender and the rose have REAL lavender or rose pieces in them -LRB- respectively -RRB- . You do n't need a scrubber with these as they have the bits that naturally exfoliate . These soaps are not as drying as the deodorant soaps you buy at the walmart , ect . They are real soap , and they leave no film on your body whatsover . Just clean ! I have to use a moisturizer sometimes afterward but I would use one even after using body washes , ect . Your bathroom with the rose bar smells so heavenly clean and soapy . . not like an old lady rose smell . . more of a clean just out of the bath walking into a rose garden smell . Like I said , the scent does not leave a smell on your skin so no worries .
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 I love this flavor . It is light and floral . These soaps leave my skin feeling really clean and soft . I have ordered them before and will order more .
 This bar of soap is the best of fragrant soaps , I have purchased in the last years . I so love my showers and bath.Enjoy the scent it leaves on me , and in the baThroom.moisturizes skin well , and skin feels very soft.I do not itch after using this one . will last for quite awhile . so worth the money . very feminine , adds to my new lavender cologne .
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 These soaps are great . They leave your skin feeling clean and soft . I think Lavender is my favorite flavor but they all smell good . They last for a long time .
 I love this soap and the store I was buying it from locally has closed . The size is important too ... the big bars are n't as popular with my family as these smaller bars . I will order from this supplier again !
 Nice Lather and Texture.This soap lathers very nicely and richly . I love the rich lather . I also love the rough specks -LRB- this was a nice change from slippery , smooth soap . -RRB- This soap was almost perfect.Scent not strong enough.However , one star is missing because the scent was not strong enough . Hardly no scent at all . I love the scent of rose , and if something has the word `` rose '' on it , I expect it to have that scent . I understand that some scents are `` light '' , but if this is `` light '' rose scent , then I would expect the label to indicate so .
 I have tried so many different soaps from store bought to organic , and this is by far one of the best soaps I have ever used . It leaves your skin feeling very soft and clean . There is no grimy residue left behind on your skin like some soaps tend to leave . It has a very rich lather similar to using a loofah and body wash , and the scent is amazing!Definitely a great soap for the following reasons
 I love this mousse but its been discontinued . The mousse is very lightweight and does not get sticky at all . You get a very natural look .
 I have purchased the same product from the same vendor 3 times , and the vendor turned out to be reliable . Excellent service .
 Excellent mascara ! Makes your eyelashes long and clump-free within seconds . You really get your money 's worth with this mascara . I have been using this mascara for a couple of months - one mascara lasts up to 2-3 months and beautifies your eyes as if you just bought it , each time you apply it .
 Lancome L'Extreme Instant Extensions Lenghtening Mascara is pricy , but honestly , it really is the best non-clumping I have tried -LRB- and I 've tried many others -RRB- . That 's the main reason I always go back for this mascara . I highly recommend this product .
 I was so excited when this came that I had to put it on right away ! I have heard such great things about this mascara . I have to say everything that I have heard , is true ! Instantly my lashes looked 3x longer than with any other mascara that I have ever tried ! And , I have tried them all . I have now finally found the one that is right for me ! I hope they never stop making this particular mascara . I will buy this one forever ! Its a little pricey for mascara but worth every penny !
 I am very pleased with the product and delivery . . it arrived real fast . . I will purchase again .
 I 've never seen this product in the stores , but I saw it on line and bought it . I like wet look gels and this is one of the better brands I 've tried . I plan to order more .
 I could not find this gel here in the USA . That 's all I can use . Does not give me skin problems like all other hair gel products I have tried.Thanks for importing it !
 SUPER HYDRATED HAIR , soft with a pleasant smell of coconut.I LOVE IT.I recommend it for people with dry hair .
 The product arrived as described and in the promised time frame . I was very pleased and would buy again from this vendor .
 I love this perfume and because they no longer sell it in the stores have to depend on the internet . I was very pleased with how easy they were to order , how cheap they were , and how quickly they came . Thank you and I 'll try you again in a couple years when I run out again : -RRB-
 I received the product , promptly and well packed . would use this seller again without any reservations .
 It 's for my wife , who loves it.Unfortunatelly , was discontinued by PRL at free shops and in many places when we usually boght it . But AMAZON is the way to find anything wherever . Thanks / Juan .
 I love this scent and very excited to see it on Amazon at quite a discount compared to department stores . Smells just as lovely though !
 Love the scent , clean and crisp . Great Deal ! I shopped around for this and Amazon had the best price for the 3.4 ounces .
 Just like I remember ! This is unavailable for purchase in my local department stores . Unable to purchase anyplace other then the Ralph Lauren website for significantly more money . This is the first perfume I ever used , I loved having the scent again 16 years later at a reasonable price .
 I love this scent sadly they do n't sell it in stores . This fragrance smells great light and not over powering i get compliments all the time asking what I 'm wearing . I love this fragrance . The only problem is i was charged extra than what i was told for some reason . Other than that i am very happy with this product . What i can say is with this fragrance you will leave a lasting impression on people . Love this stuff !
 My girlfriend loves the stuff . I think it 's pretty okay . Since you ca n't find it in stores anymore , this is the best place to get it . It 's the real stuff .
 I ordered this as a birthday present to my mother . I had it shipped to her , and she received it on time . I was a little worried it would be late , but the seller done an excellent job of shipping it out when they said . I will order again from this seller . 5 stars
 I 've been wearing this fragrance for over 7 years now and often receive compliments . I would describe it as a light , clean scent !
 Me , like most women shopping at the mall was pulled aside by one of those smooth talking salesmen in the middle of the mall advertising what I thought was the greatest thing since sliced bread . To my amazement in what seemed like a minute , he took my dull nail , smoothed away the ridges , cleaned it up and made it shine as if I applied a clear coat . They were beautiful ! I was so excited , but then he told me the price . There was no way anyone would pay that much for such a thing . I searched the internet for similar products and found this . This is everything a girl could need . It is absolutely the thing you need with you at all times . Its a four sided buffer , one side is a file to round edges , another to smooth surface lines on the nail , another to clean and the last to shine . All sides are distinguished in different colors , and the order of directions are even printed on the buffer itself ! My nails have never looked more beautiful . I did not order thing online , rather at Sallys beauty Store . It was actually less than 4 dollars , more around two . I was astonished , and basically saved 35 dollars.Pros : Directions permanently printed onAll sides colored differentlyWashable SurfacesDurableCompactInexpensivePracticalDoes what it saysCons : The filer side -LRB- the blue side -RRB- wears the fastest , but buying a separate filer will do fineDifficult to shine the uppermost part of the nail -LRB- closest to your skin -RRB- This is highly recommended .
 Luxuriously smooth and light ... long lasting scent ... love putting this on after bath or shower ... Kim Hatfield
 a WONDERFUL soap to gift to others or yourself . beautiful scent -- not too fruity or floral for my taste . perfect . what can i say , there 's nothing like soap de Provence , especially the unique rhubarb scent . love it .
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 I have yet to find a product that can achieve what it claims as well as this product . It removes frizziness , straightens , softens hair for a sleek look . I apply it to damp hair prior to blow drying my hair straight with a round brush . I have tried other like Sebastian 's Potion 9 and although it works pretty well , it did n't impress me as much as this product . Further , this is a great value for the money ! One tube lasts about two months on my medium/long hair .
 This stuff does what it says it will do . I was having to use a product to control frizz and mousse for control . This product does both . I tried other things that `` swore '' to straighten out the curl and frizz with a blow dryer and was disappointed . I would recomend this to anyone with curly frizzy hair . The real test will come when I sit out on a humid night like last week ! -LRB- Yuck -RRB- I had worked so hard and even used `` Humidity Control '' hairspray along with many other products . We shall see !!
 I have full , bushy hair that 's partially frizzy but also partially straight -LRB- or at least not curly -RRB- . I just bought a flat iron and it has n't arrived yet , but I 've been blowing out my hair each time and the product that works the BEST for me , as far as a cream/gel , is this one . I also use a few other products , like sprays and moisterizers and anti-frizz formulas . This helps straighten the hair and also gets rid of quite a lot of frizzies , even without the help of an iron . The only time I use the iron is when I 've seen my stylist , and she uses this as well . I 'll keep using it as long as it works better than anything else ! It 's not even that expensive .
 True story
 I originally bought this cream as help for PCOS which I have had for 15 years and was tired of not giving everything a shot . Between a 50lb weight loss and this cream I am now on my way to having my first baby . This was definitely one of the best choices I have ever made and God Bless the company for being there to provide it !!
 I contacted the manufacturer about the directions because they were vague . One CS rep told me that they could n't divulge the amount if USP progesterone per 1 \ 4 teaspoon , so , I called right back and ask a different CS rep. She told me it was 20mg of USP progesterone per 1 \ 4 teaspoon . The smell is almost non existent , absorbs quickly , not greasy . No herbs , all natural .
 I was having chemical pregnancies and decided to use this after O , I fell pregnant right away and this is what helped I am sure ! My midwife has since put me on progesterone pills but the cream is what gave me the edge this time :-RRB- I highly recommend it to any woman TTC .
 I received this product within 3 days . I have only used it a couple days but after 3 miscarriages and no babies . I am pregnant again and hoping this will be this miracle baby we have been wanting . Thank you
 The product arrived promptly and is exactly as described . It is a pleasant smelling cream and although I 've only used it for a few days so far I really do think that it has made a difference .
 I bought this after reading the Good Housekeeping review on several products . Its a foam & it , at first , comes off kinda greasy but rubs in nicely ... i have a couple wrinkles on my forehead that I am attempting to treat , I am not 100 % convinced that this product is treating them but I bought it so I am going to continue using it ...
 its been about 2 months since i have been using products from the olay definity line and this is by far my favorite , my skin has changed noticeably and i am beginning to recieve lots of compliments on how clear and fresh my skin looks !
 I 've had trouble finding this product -- hit and miss in stores . Glad Amazon carries it . Good moisturizer for me with `` mature '' skin . Facelift will have to be next tho !
 I 've used this product for about 5 years and now could n't find it in the stores I use to buy the product , so I went to Amazon.com to find the product and was very glad that I could purchase the product from them for less money that I could buy them in the stores I use to buy them from . So thank you Amazon.com .
 I was skeptical at first but it really worked out to be a very wonderful product . My face is beautiful , clear and just wonderful . I love it !
 I 'm fickle when it comes to skin care . I love this product but I always have to stray from it every now and then and try the `` latest '' newest & greatest . Only to find they are not that great and I come back to Olay.I have been using this 80 % of the time since it first came on the market . I had a brown age spot on my face - yes , that 's what they are called . Within 60 days of using this , it was completely faded away . Then I strayed and it came back somewhat - because if you do n't stay out of the sun the age spots will come right back at you.You have to be careful when dispensing this product as it 's too easy to shoot too much out of the can . I think that 's part of Olay 's plan to get you to buy more of it . If used correctly , I can get 90 days of use out of one can.This comes in both an SPF version and a non-sunscreen version . I always double check the packages at the store to make sure I get the one with the sunscreen.This is truly fragrance-free , I do n't detect any kind of scent at all . So that 's a positive.I just wish they did n't test on animals . -LRB- sigh -RRB- .
 I stocked up on this for my wife . Price is about 40 % less then local stores .
 Since purchasing this product I could not be happier with the changes I see in my skin.After the first month of use ... My complexion is clearer and brighterMy skin is soft and smooth to touchI do n't need any make up because my skin is in such good conditionThe moisturizer is light and non greasy perfect for my oily skin which BTW has decreased in the amount of oilynessThe uneveness of my skin has cleared 90 % alreadyMy pores are a bit smallerThe problem other people has had with the dispenser is non existent to me as i 've had no problems at allOver all i 'm greatful to OLAY for placing such an excellent product on the market !!!!!
 I recently went on a trip and forgot the expensive moisturizer that I purchased from my NY dermatologist . I purchased this and I have used it for five weeks now , twice a day , and I am so happy with the appearance and feel of my skin . My skin looks fresher and younger . I find I am able to go without foundation because my skin tone is more even . I am very pleased with this product .
 I 've tried many beauty products that do n't `` deliver '' ; this is not one of them . Results are striking and evident even faster than promised .
 It does exactly what it says it does . I 've been using it a week -LRB- 2x per day -RRB- , and my skin is brighter , my dark splotches are lighter , and my fine lines are just a bit finer.I always wonder , when I see a review like mine , if the person writing it were doing anything to their skin before this product . Similarly , whenever I hear a cosmetic company present data that X % of women show this-or-that kind of improvement in their skin , I know that the study sample they use is filled with woman who do nothing for skin care -LRB- so just starting something , anything , including the test-product , has to produce good effect -RRB- What 's so impressive about Definity is that it shows benefit above and beyond everything else that I 'm doing . I take very good care of my skin and use really expensive -LRB- Perricone , Esstee , etc. -RRB- and not so expensive -LRB- Burt 's Bees , etc -RRB- products . I 've even used emu oil -LRB- allergic reaction -RRB- . So my skin is in good shape -LRB- by the way , I have very fair , very sensitive skin -RRB- . Definity only added to everything . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great moisturizer . I have oily , acne prone skin so I thought I never could use a moisturizer but this never made my skin anymore oily than it already was and did not cause breakouts.I purchased this for the SPF and to help minimize discoloration caused by acne which left dark marks on my skin . Just after 4 weeks the acne marks faded noticiably and after 8 weeks they were almost gone . My skin has never looked better , plus my skin is protected from the sun .
 I 've been using the product for about three weeks so far and love it . I have somewhat oily acne prone skin . I 've noticed a huge reduction in how oily my skin gets as the day goes on and the amount of reoccuring acne I have . I began using this the same time I started using Clearsil Ultra Deep Pore Cleansing Pads so I 'm not sure if it can be attributed to one or both of the products . My acne almost always causes hyperpigmination and I have already seen a vast improvement since using this product -LRB- almost as good if not better than hydroquinone -RRB- . The foam comes out in an almost mousse consistency . As soon as you put it on , it begins to feel like normal lotion . It goes on light , dries quickly and has a faint pleasant smell -LRB- must be the SPF -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I have been using Definity foaming moisturizer for about a month and I really see a noticeable result . My skin looks more supple and the brown spots look lighter than before . I 've been using Shiseido and Clinique skin products for years but lately I 've been noticing subtle signs of aging ... dry skin , brown spots , and look of tiredness -LRB- I 'm in my early 30 's -RRB- . I bought Definity on a whim and did n't have high expectation after reading `` made in China '' but the product really delievered what it promised , more luminous skin .
 although a little pricey , it 's a good moisturizer with sunscreen and i like it so far -LRB- using it for about 2 weeks -RRB- . goes on kind of thick , with a strong sunscreen smell , but that fades , and the product seems to absorb well . alot does come out of the pump dispenser , but spread it onto your neck and the total amount is fine .
 This is without a doubt the best daytime moisturizer I 've ever used . I have had problems with a slight reddening of my fair skin as I 've grown older and this product , in combination with the night cream , eye treatment , and cream and mousse cleansers from the Definity line has made a real difference . This product is quite light with no greasy feel and my skin feels soft and supple after application . Use of these products has eliminated all my dry skin issues and improved the feel , texture and appearance of my skin .
 I am always very skeptical of beauty products with such grand claims , and I do n't know if this actually penetrates 10 layers of skin or whatever , but I can say - LOVE this moisturizer ! I have typical T-zone issues - nice to find a product that works on my dry cheeks w/out being greasy and on the forehead/nose/chin area w/out being too light to be effective . My once per month breakouts are almost non-existent now - BONUS!I I would prefer a different type of dispenser since even a light press dispenses more than I need , but that is a minor thing .
 I love this product because it absorbs easily into your skin and leaves your skin radiant and oh so silky smooth all day long . The product provides a healthy looking -LRB- radiant -RRB- light glow to your face . Plus it contains SPF 15 to add some protection from sun rays . The product is a bit pricey but it does work great .
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE PERFUME I OWN . I LOVE THE FRESH/CITRUS SCENT . I ONLY GAVE IT A FOUR STAR SINCE THE SCENT DOES N'T LAST AS LONG AS I WANT IT TO LAST . I GET TONS OF COMPLEMENTS ON THIS PERFUME . I HATE THAT THIS PERFUME -LRB- CLEAN - SWEET LAYER -RRB- IS VERY VERY HARD TO FIND NOW !
 You can not go wrong with either the product or the seller.Speedy service , proprly packed - not much else to say !
 This is a really good buy . My wife love this perfume and this offer is really good , I think is a nice gift , and is the original product
 I was gifted this perfume when I was a teenager and fast forward years later I am still addicted to this perfume . As with any name brand thing I advise it is best to buy in the department store . When a perfume is at a discounted rate by 20 or 30 % it is probably to good to be true and will be a fake . However , with any perfume purchase I do it at a department store.This scent is light yet powerful . One spray on your wrists will excude the smell throughout the day . Perfect for a special night .
 OMG This is the best fragrance ever ! The service wast perfect ! I 'm laid up because of hip surgery and ca n't get out so the delivery was in great timing ! Pricing was fine too since I 'm not working !
 i bought this parfum as a gift to my wife ... she loves it ... the price was ok , but there were two site where you can find it chaper ... , but they were out ...
 So do I ! ;--RRB- Very nice scent . Ca n't recommend this perfume enough . Thanks Chistian for such an amazing Eau de Parfum !
 Love the eau de parfum ... Have been wearing this scent since the day it was available . Long lasting and lovely ... Purchased directly from Amazon for a fabulous price !
 This perfume is a must have . It is romantic warm fragrance that smells good on almost everyone . I would recommend it be worn as an evening fragrance . It may be too strong for daytime wear . I have used this perfume for years , and it never goes out of style . It is a classic . It would be a great gift ! The bottle is great too .
 I got this for my mom for Christmas , and she loves it!It 's one of her , if not , favorite perfumes in the worldIt smells amazing ! I highly recommend it = -RRB-
 This shipped way before my estimated day and was new like it said . I would order another but they are out .
 This is easily one of the finest fragrances around for ladies.Got this for my sister , she loved it . That is the only Con . She keeps asking me to get her more when she runs out . Haha .
 My mother and sister love this scent ... I have not had the opportunity to smell it yet ; however , the gift arrived on time . Easy purchase .
 I got this as a gift about two years ago and its absolutely wonderful . The scent is heavenly ! Since then , I have purchased two bottles of the same fragrence on my own !
 I ordered this Parfum Spray for my mother . Wow ! I got it within 4 days -LRB- I use Super Saver Shipping -RRB- . I 'd like to say it smells great and stay a long time . Thanks , amazon for great shopping !
 I bought this from a nordstrom -LRB- not amazon -RRB- and use it as my car 's air freshener . I know , I know . . you 're thinking `` wtf is this guy thinking '' . But hey , the point is . . It smells amazing . Ladies , this will definitely attract whatever guy you 're trying to impress and guys , this will definitely make your girlfriend/wife happy . I 'm 21 and I 'd have to say . . this perfume gives girls my age maturity while giving older women a sense of youth .
 This scent is beautiful and you will always get compliments . It smells expensive . But , there are alot of fakes out there . Go to the department stores instead . They have valuable gift sets this time of year .
 I absolutely love this perfume . The scent is sensual but light enough to be fresh . One spray will last you all day long . Throughout the day I find myself thinking about how WONDERFUL I smell , and that is a nice little pick-me-up .
 UPDATED
 This is quickly becoming my favorite . The fragrance is light and airy andjust suits me . Thanks a bunch .
 I loved how this product smelled on the shelves in the store . I chose to wait and order it online . The price was great for the size but to me it smells differently than it did in the store . It still smells good it 's just slightly different in scent and color than I remember .
 There are many beautiful scents out there . What distinguishes this one is that it is light , but it lingers . I get compliments on this at least weekly and I 've been wearing it for years .
 First off , I did not buy my bottle on Amazon . It is ridiculously overpriced . Also , beware of knock-offs and imitations.Now onto the perfume . This scent is pure heaven . It has a very bright , luminous , luxurious , sensual , happy , and confident scent , full of sunshine and love . I wear this scent when I want to feel special , as it is very glamorous . I do not see how anyone could dislike this , although some people find it mature , too cloying , or boring . It is very perfumey and has long lasting power . A true masterpiece ! Its notes are considered
 Arrived on time.Exactly what I was expecting.Will by perfume again.It was for my daughter , she is French and she like it
 MY SISTER SEEMS TO LIKE THE GIFT THAT I BOUGHT HER . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THE JADORE BY DIOR PARFUM THAT I PURCHASED ALSO HAD SPARKLING GLITTER IN THE BOTTLE . I GUESS IT 'S A SPECIAL EDITION ONE OR SOMETHING . ANYWAYS , THE SELLER SHIPPED ON TIME AS PROMISED SO THAT IT WAS UNDER OUR TREE ON CHRISTMAS MORNING ! I WOULD ORDER FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN IN THE FUTURE . THANKS AGAIN .
 One of the best perfumes out there . You will love it !
 I have tried so many different soaps from store bought to organic , and this is by far one of the best soaps I have ever used . It leaves your skin feeling very soft and clean . There is no grimy residue left behind on your skin like some soaps tend to leave . It has a very rich lather similar to using a loofah and body wash , and the scent is amazing!Definitely a great soap for the following reasons
 This is fantastic ! Smells great . Big bar ! My wife loves it in the bath !! You wo n't be disappointed . The texture is delightful !
 Smells incredible and keeps you smelling fresh and clean all day long !! I will always keep it stocked up !! Ordering more soon !
 Great odor , great lather and just all around great soap . This feels so much better than any soap I have tried before , even my mother 's designer soaps . This is not an over-priced , straight-from-europe , trendy product . This is a product that is produced so well it is finding a market outside the borders of France . I would recommend this to anyone and will continue to buy it for myself .
 Love the soap , but the bars were not full size bars , as I have purchased in the past , but nearly the same price . Bummer
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 This soap satifies all of the sences . It looks , smells and feels wonderful .
 I 've used L'Oreal Preference for years and find it the most natural and healthy looking color , plus relatively easy to use . This new version seemed worth a try . It does have excellent gray coverage and is true to shade , however my hair is not as shiny or healthy looking as it is after using the Preference . The cream product is easy to apply , but I thought the extra additives and mixing steps made it needlessly more complicated . Another plus for the cream is that does n't run so much so is less likely to stain the skin or spot your surrounding environment . None even dripped on the old sweatshirt I use for hair coloring . My hair feels soft and conditioned , it just does n't look as healthy as I 'd like . The color seems a bit dull instead of vibrant . This seems to be a good product and I actually preferred the included conditioner since my hair retained good body . It 's a toss up at the moment whether I 'll continue to use this product or return to the Preference . I do like the retained body , just not crazy about lack of shine .
 I am so glad I found this product on Amazon . It has beendiscontinued by the manufacturer and I will be looking for more of iton here . GREAT PRICE also and super shipping .
 It does not come with high quality bottle , but the stuff is so good . I actually use it to wash many delicate things such as my gold necklaces and my SIGG water bottles .
 Excellent hand soap for use in handlng contact lenses . Cleans hands , removes fragrances and leaves hands with proper pH level .
 This product works well.Recently I 've had problems with smudges , perhaps from make up on my fingers , on my gas permeable lenses , causing cloudy vision . Using Vista-prep hand scrub prior to inserting my lenses seems to have solved this problem.I have been wearing lenses for over 40 yrs & would definately recommend this product to anyone.Now I can wear my lenses comfortably again .
 My optometrist recommended Vista-Prep years ago . It eliminated the sting when I first put in my contacts - like down on my knees ripping the sink off the wall sting . It made all the difference in the world between wearing contacts and not wearing them .
 Our ophthalmologist had recommended this , so we still use it years later.I do n't actually know if it 's important for contact lenses to use a clean soap that has no fragrances or oils , but it seems reasonable it should be , so we like this soap . I 'm pretty sure it 's more expensive than others , but then just a drop or two is all you need , so it probably goes a longer way if you want .
 I wear contacts - my doctor recommended this . It 's a good product at a good price .
 I 've had this hair dryer for over 2 + years ! It is awesome . Dries fast and hot ... even on low ! Everytime I take it anywhere people rave about it . Just ordered a 2nd to have a good back up !
 The hair dryer is great ! The product was delivered within days as promised . Very positive experience
 First , this product is n't for every one as the review above suggests . However I love this product because it has done wonders for my split ends . I have very , very kinky hair -- even for an African American . You know the expression dime sized curls . I had curl so small they could fit on the head of a colored thumbtack . My hair is also very fine/soft as oppose to coarse/hard . I decided to get my hair textured to loosen the curls . Although I love this new style it gave me split ends . I tried all sorts of oils and products and finally came across this product with coconut oil . Since then I only get split ends when I stop using this product.I use the product on the ends of my hair . It kind of form a protective anti-split end coating around the tips of my hair . I do n't put it in the roots of my hair.I use this product with Ganier Frutis Sleek and Shine -LRB- which makes my hair pliable -RRB- Wave Nouveau Coiffure Daily Humectant -LRB- which makes it look healthy -RRB- , and Wave Nouveau Moisturizer Finishing Lotion -LRB- which makes it look shiny -RRB- . Every time I try to drop one of these products , my hair suffers . Optimum Oil Therapy Shine Booster is no exception .
 These pads are great for blemished skin ! I usually ca n't use any acne products with alcohol since the alcohol dries me out too much , and the products I find that are alcohol-free just do n't keep my skin clear . When I started using these pads it took about two weeks to see great improvements . I actually get compliments on my skin now !! If I stop using these pads for even a day my skin shows it ! Again , I ca n't say how much these have helped my acne without drying my skin ! I have purchased these pads over 6 times and just keep buying them . I do n't think you get enough pads for the price , but then again I love my clear skin !! I wish they made a larger , more economical size jar . The quantity of pads is really low compared to the price .
 My daughter had picked this up on sale somewhere and now I 'm hooked . So glad I could find it on Amazon ! I ended up giving this as Christmas gifts to all my Gal Pals . It is so lovely right after washing your face to seal in moisture without leaving a shine . I then apply my SPF lotion . I have normal to dry skin , but as a PH balancer , I think it would be ideal for any skin type .
 i bought this to replace a really poor quality straightener i 'd been given . almost anything would 've been better than what i had , but i 'm still really impressed with this straightener . i have long slightly wavy hair which is n't too hard to straighten , but the last one was breaking and pinching hair and drying it out . this remington straightener is awesome , no more broken off hairs all over the counter when i 'm done , the hair slides easily across the teflon fiber plates , and my hair is so much softer . the only problem i have with this straightener is that you have to press kind of hard to get the plates to meet up exactly , there is a 1 '' model as well and i noticed that another reviewer had the same problem with that one . the plates touch at the far end but not at the end nearest the handle , seems like a design flaw that could be easily fixed -LRB- hint hint remington -RRB- . also , i do n't think it was mentioned with the product info but it comes with a two-year warranty .
 I am in love w / my hair all over again ! I have dry damaged hair with natural waves . I bought a Remington wet to dry style with curved plates not too long ago and thought the brand was impressive . That one worked great but it did snag my hair a bit so I wanted an upgrade one with flat wider plates for my long hair . I LOVE this new technology . The Teflon Fiber Ceramic Plates does n't snag my hair at all and the Tourmaline Ionic Conditioning makes my hair shiny . YES SHINY which I 'd never thought it could happen . It 's worth every penny and more . I love LOVE this flat iron . Also the fact that it 's got 2 year warranty makes the brand that much more trustworthy.The only thing I do n't like is the side lock turn button because you need 2 hands . I much prefer the other kind with the push up click lock w / the wet to dry model . You only need one hand for that . Minor details really .
 This smoother works better than I 'd hoped . My only complaint is that the handle is n't the most comfortable to hold when you really have to rub hard on a callous .
 Sephora sells it for 72.00 . Its a great product . But the sellers price is high . You can get this for 12 cheaper at a department store .
 A very good product for a very reasonable price . The quality was good and it was as it appeared . Would recommend it to friends .
 See the title . That 's it . If you can afford it , then buy it ! Not that I can always , but sometimes I treat myself .
 I read about 75 reviews of these rollers before I purchased them . The cons stated the rollers and clips were too hot , and would burn their fingers/hands . My retort
 I needed a quick solution for a gift for my sister-in-law and wanted it to arrive before Christmas . She lives in a different state , so I got a gift card from Amazon.com , which was the perfect solution . She received notice of the gift on line within a few minutes , and was able to order something immediately . She got a fabric cutting system and was thrilled with it . It was the easiest shopping I ever did ! Thanks Amazon .
 This product worked just fine to curl my hair but I did not notice any difference in the curls made with this roller set versus one which does not have heated clips . It did n't work any worse , either . These type of clips are way easier to use than the metal wire U shaped clips may sets have . * However * I did find the slick surface on the inside of the clips did not provide as much grip to make tight rolls as clips that had teeth on the ends . By pinning my hair up 1st then rolling the underside 1st , the middle part second , and the top part last , I find each roller sits on top of the last roller and avoids any problems of rollers slipping out . By placing the clips on the rollers so the opening was upwards and the pinch part of the clip was downwards , I avoided the line that many others have mentioned the rollers leaving in their hair but you do have to make sure you got it just right first . The extra heat this set provides with the heated clips may be the thing someone with harder to curl hair may need to gain a wave but my hair curls easily . * Longevity * of my curls has always been my problem . I did not notice my curls styling in any longer than with other heated roller sets . Just my two cents .
 I have fine hair , and these are the best curlers I have ever used ! I do n't get the crimp either . I believe the other women let the curlers heat up too long . They heat up in 90 seconds , and are perfectly fine to use . I sometimes can go another day with the previous days curl . They are nice because you do n't have to poke your head with those awful wire picks that other rollers have . I even had my Uncle order me another set for this years Christmas gift , because I do n't ever want to be without these rollers ! I am also an older women so my hair is a little frizzy , and these tend to make my hair a little straighter , and smooth looking.The velvet on the rollers makes it easy to roll , and keep in your hair , and the heated clip makes it hold much better . I also use Sammy hair spray , but just a light dusting . Hope this helps you .
 The good , the bad , the beautiful
 I love this item , very fast warm up , super easy to use , specially love the clip lock . Take me 5 min , to get whole head rolled up , with in 10 min . my hair curs and can last for 3 days.At least 10 of my friends bought it
 I have thin hair that is straight on top , and curly/wavy on the bottom . If I blow dry my hair straight , it looks flat . If I let my hair air dry , and put in the rollers , I get volume . I bought these at Target this weekend for $ 35 . I used them once , and 3 people commented on how different and nice my hair looks . They are easy to use . I only need about 5 rollers for my hair . One tip
 My 11 year-old daughter wanted these for Christmas . We 've been so impressed with how quickly they heat up , and how quickly they curl your hair ! My daughter has very , very thick hair that does not hold curl well ... and these rollers do the trick . Awesome purchase !
 It works well and is easy to use . I 've never had a problem with it . My son thinks it 's the funniest hat he 's ever seen me wear , but as I do n't plan on wearing it outside the house ... I think I 'm OK with that . The curlers do get a little hotter than other rollers do , so you have to work quickly and carefully so you do n't burn your fingers .
 I purchased this product 2 years ago and still use it now and then . The smooth rollers are comfortable to grip w/o over heating your hair and fingers . The rollers form a medium curl and the clip helps smooth out frizzies . I give this product 4 stars only because the clips do not hold tight enough . I find them easy to loosen or fall out even if I am sitting still . I have long , thick , wavy hair so the roller clips may hold thinner hair better ; although , that may be the ones that end up with the crease .
 I bought these for my mother for Christmas about 2 years ago . She and my sister both have fine , thin , flat hair and they loved them . Both of them had body and held the curl well , especially for two people whose hair always looks limp and greasy by the end of the day . Not anymore after using these . I borrowed them about a year ago and had problems at first , due to lack of experience ... creases and messy ends . My hair is thick , long , wavy/curly , and these work wonders on my hair now that I know what I 'm doing . I loved them so much I bought them for myself too . My girlfriends come over sometimes before we go out just to use them also . Theirs also always turns out well , and their hair types are curly , coarse , long and short.It is true that the ends are hot where they open up to sit on the heating mechanism , it is easy not to burn yourself with them also . Practice , patience and a little use makes these a great buy for a variety of users .
 This is a fantastic set of hot rollers if you are looking for long , loose curls that are quick and easy to set.The soft velvet flocking on the rollers made it so easy to curl my hair around the rollers tightly . The rollers themselves heated up very quickly . Although they only take 90 seconds to heat up , I found I had a better curl when heating them up for five minutes before rolling . The clips helped to keep the heat in while securely holding the rollers.I prefer a tighter curl so I hope that Remington comes out with a smaller set of these since I prefer these to any other set of rollers I 've ever used .
 These curlers are easy and ready to use in just under 2 minutes . After 5-7 minutes in my hair -LRB- I have pretty thin and short hair -RRB- I had nice loose curls.The curlers themselves are in two sizes and would seem to accommodate many lengths of hair and thickness . You get about 12 large roller and 8 medium rollers with the hinged clips -LRB- where the heat comes from -RRB- . Pros
 PROS : * My hair looks great when I use this ! I have a thick head of fine hair and it is difficult for me to get a good curl that will last without a ton of hairspray . * It does work as fast as they say it does . It only takes me a few minutes to put the curlers in and then five minutes on my head and I 'm done . A quick brush through my hair and it looks fabulous . * The material around the curler is soft and there are n't any jagged pieces to hold your hair in place so I do n't tear my hair when pulling the curlers out.CONS : * It 's big . If you do n't have a lot of bathroom space , it 's going to be a problem . I have to use this at the kitchen table because there is no place in my bathroom large enough to set it . * It 's hot . They warn you on the front of the case when you open it that the rods and interior are hot . But I 'd like to add an additional warning to keep the clip away from your ears because that is pretty hot too . Hotter than I am used to in hot curlers . Though to be fair , that is probably why it works so well.CONCLUSION : I would buy this again and I would recommend it to my friends , already have as a matter of fact , particularly if you have a thick head of fine hair -LRB- since I ca n't really speak to other hair types . -RRB- It 's fast , easy to use , and leaves my hair looking beautiful . But keep in mind it is a space hog and you have to be careful of the heating elements .
 I 've never been a big fan of curlers , so it took a little practice for me to an optimum result from these . It was worth it!These curlers heat up quick - just a couple of minutes . They are very gentle . My usually frizzy hair comes out in beautiful curls that last for hours . The curls were very soft and natural looking - which is very hard to do as my hair is long and thick and typically very frizzy.Unlike other reviewers , I had no issues with crimping . I was very happy with the results . My hair is naturally thick and wavy though , maybe this is a problem with straight thin hair?I did not burn my fingers eithers . Of course , I was careful where I grabbed the rollers at . You would not grab the hot part of your curling iron either.There are a lot of curlers in this set . It was good to have enough curlers to do all of my hair . One reason why I usually do n't use curlers is that I would typically need 2 sets . With this set , there were enough rollers for all of my hair . Yes , the footprint is huge , but I keep it in the cabinet when not in use . The nice box shape is easy to store.This is a five star set !
 Delighted is a mild word to describe my experiences with these rollers . I 've spent more days than I could count with my hair in rollers from morning until evening just to try and achieve perfect curls for a night out . Now , I get an even better result in a mere five minutes!First of all , this set comes with 12 large -LRB- 11/4 '' -RRB- and 8 medium -LRB- 1 '' -RRB- rollers . These are n't your garden variety rollers - they have hinged clips to hold the hair and heat comes not only from the roller but from the clip , ensuring thorough curling.The rollers heat in only 90 seconds , and are easy to use -LRB- remember securing rollers with bobby pins ? -RRB- Recommended .
 After reading some other negative reviews , I was pleasantly surprised when I used these heated clips.They heat up in 90 secondsFlocked rollers are simple to put into your hair with the clipHairstyle curled fast and was soft -- no frizzy hairThe rollers held tightly in my hair and did not `` catch '' in my hair as some other models do.My hair is short and sometimes I have trouble getting my hair wrapped around the rollers , but not with the Remington.I did not experience any `` crimps '' in my hair as mentioned by other reviewers nor did I have a problem with `` burning myself '' on either the rollers or the clips . As with any heated appliance , you have to use to care in handling the item.I agree with other reviewers the the storage case is larger than I expected , but I do n't foresee any problem with storage . I certainly would not give the product any negative review for that issue.I am thinking of buying a travel set from Remington since I am so pleased with their product .
 I 've been using electric curlers over 30 years and these are best improvement yet.So nice not to have to search for right size clip , they are right on roller . Really goodselection of sizes and amount of rollers so can do whole head at once . Nice set up.Heat up fast .
 The Remington T Studio Collection hot rollers impressed me . The unit is larger than most sets I have used and seen -LRB- and I have owned dozens of these things -RRB- , so make sure you have a space to put this in . I actually like the larger size and feel it looks professional.The rollers are a pretty rose color . A roller fits atop the heating element , and a clip places over it during heating and storage . This should eliminate lost clips , which has always been a problem for me . I love the grip on the clips , and had no problem keeping the curlers on my hair with the clips on .20 rollers in two sizes is just right for me . A 90-second heat-up time is outstanding . I also appreciate the fact that the heating unit has an on/off button right in front . That means you can leave the unit plugged in and just turn it on and off as needed.The cord storage is great . So as you can see , I like many things about these hot rollers . But the coolest thing of all , to me , is the heated clips . That 's something I have n't seen before . I find it to be a nice feature.Overall , I am pleased and would recommend this purchase to anyone in need of a hot roller set .
 Ok before I got this read all the reviews on it . I was afraid to order it . I have sorta crazy hair thats different because Im what you called `` mixed chick '' . Theres even a hair product you can look up on Amazon now that will explain that if you dont know what that means lol . Anyway when this roller set came I looked at it . . plugged it in . . planned it on purpose for a night I wasnt ' going anywhere in case things did n't go well . Well . . guess what . Things went great . This set rocks . . and Im gon na tell you why . . I tested it not only on my mixed chick hair but on my friends hair that is a real blonde with super straight unchemical touched hair . It totally made us both look good . I think the people that complain it leaves `` marks '' in their hair dont understand how to really DO thier hair . We had no `` marks '' in our hair . . was n't even a issue . It really does curl fast . . if I had to say one bad thing I 'd say . . well its a little tricky to grab those clips fast . . they are hot . . you have to work fast is the key . I wish they came with something on the clip so the clip was n't so hot where your fingers touch ... but in all fairness every hot roller set I 've ever used you wind up working quickly if you have any sense because the end of the roller will sting your fingers . This is no different . . not worse . I think some people shouldnt ' be able to write reviews because they dont even bother to figure out how the product really works . This set got a bad rap in reviews unfairly . Buy this with confidence . Your gon na look great . Hey if you get what they discribed as a mark in your hair . . just take your blow dryer after you secure your hair in a clip and smooth it out . . get over it ... its not big deal . . dont blame it on the product . Im A.Zerkle . I approve this message . lol .
 I have a modern bob but I like to spice it up with volume and curls on my stubborn straight hair . I used Caruso curlers and they work but THOSE really burned my hands with steam and was so messy that I tossed them in the corner and started trying Hot Rollers . I got the Pro Ion Ceramic Instant Heat first and it did ok but the set I got had all Jumbo and Large so I gave it to a relative who has long hair and bought this Remington set . It heats up faster than the Pro one and is not messy.The heated clips make ALL the difference and the curl on my very straight hair with no perm was AWESOME and you need to GET SOME !!! You only have to heat them up for 2 minutes and they are ready to go and the curl was at least 1/3 more than with the Pro Ion set . It is neat and tidy with the clips on each roller and so it was faster to do too!The rollers are large and medium ... no Jumbos . If you have long hair just use all the large on the top of the head and use the medium under and you should turn out fabulous because you can always brush thru it to loosen the curl or take your fingers thru it a few more times so the roller sizes should not be a problem for long hair . If you have really short hair and need the small size rollers then forget it these rollers are too big . It would be nice if they sold small and Jumbo to use in it though.I LOVE this set and it even has a space in the back to store the cord.The only things I can think of that would make this set better is to add a few grip dots on the clips surface so they are less slick and grip the hair better and to change the color of the rollers and the storage case to polished jet black with polished hot pink combination accents with hot pink rollers with Jet black hot pink striped clips . instead of ugly solid browns and tans and auto shut off when you forget to unplug it , and maybe a heat selector so pick the heat intensity levels . Conair Infiniti Nano Silver Ion ceramic is my SECOND choice but if Conair had heated clips like Remington did on that Nano Silver then you know it would be my first choice as Nano Silver is THE best technology now but without heated clips it is the same 1/3 less curl results same as the Pro Ion Ceramic but just lasts a bit longer than the Pro . Remington with the heated clips and the Ion Ceramic with wax core is still the BEST now.Hope this helps you'all ! ENJOY !!
 As heated roller sets go , I 'd give this one a thumbs up . The rollers are large enough to give bouncy loose curls without ending up looking like a poodle . The set heats up quickly and curls hair fast -- I get the curls I want in 10 minutes maximum . There are two negatives in my opinion . First , this set is big ! If you 're short on counter or dresser space , this is not for you . Also , the type of clip does leave a ridge in hair . The clips are generally a good idea , and the rollers stay in pretty well -- but I think clips with teeth would be a lot better . I 've found if I do n't leave the rollers in too long the ridge is n't too bad . But like every heated roller set I 've ever owned , the top of head rollers just do n't stay in . Teeth on the clips might help this problem too . As for the `` new technology , '' who knows ? Sounds like a lot of babble to me . Heated rollers are basically metal with a covering that heat up -- nothing complicated about that . But overall , these work better than most .
 I purchased these curlers not having any expectation other then them being easier to use because of the clips . I never expected them to actually make a difference on how long the curl holds in my hair . With my old hot rollers , I would curl my hair and by the time I got to the office , every last curl had come out and my hair would be straight . Well I used these and my curls lasted over 24 hours ! And that was after sleeping with them and going out on a very humid day.I am very impressed . I hope they continue to work so well !
 My hair is thick and shoulder length . It always gets frizzy when I use curling irons - there was no frizz , just a slight crimp which I am certain is an issue of technique while using this product and I am working on fixing this - but my ends are smooth and the hair has a little shine.Very happy with this Remington product.Rebus
 I bought these rollers this morning and am very pleased with the result . They heat up quickly , did n't burn my fingers or my head , and put big bouncy curls in my poker-straight hair . Previous reviewers have complained of creases at the scalp , and I did have 2 or 3 but that can be easily remedied by adjusting the position of the clip . It only took a few minutes to smooth that out with a curling iron - easy peasy.I would definitely buy these again ; the only reason I 'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is b/c they cost more than I originally wanted to spend .
 I 've used several similar products in the past and this curler set is easily the best . The set includes the storage/heating case with storage for the cord , twenty rollers/clips -LRB- twelve 11/4 '' and eight 1 '' -RRB- and instruction manual.The curlers begin to warm via a metal rack in the case within a minute or so of turning it on . Within five minutes , they reach optimum temperature and achieve maximum effectiveness within ten minutes.The curlers are easy to handle because the parts that heat up are not on the outside , but are on the interior of the clip and on the slots along the side of the curlers . The clips themselves are simple to use , easy to remove and put back in place once you roll up your hair in the curler.I 've found that the rollers heat so well -LRB- quickly and evenly -RRB- rhat a curl will take to the hair in just a little while . If you leave the rollers in for maybe a half hour at most , you get a nice curl that holds for the entire day and night.Of course , a lot depends on your hair type , so if you have long , fine hair you probably want to heat up the curlers for 10 minutes or so and leave them in for a good half hour or more.But you do n't need to sleep with them in or anything like that . You will see a curl in as little as five or ten minutes after wear.The product appears to be well designed and the case is not too big , about a foot wide and a little less deep than that , so storage is not a big deal.If you are in the market for heated curlers , this product works great and is a fantastic value .
 This heated curler set is simple and it works wonderfully . Even if you are a beginner , this product is quite fun and easy to use . Its a very nice-looking set too , by the way.Once you turn on the switch , the set heats up very quickly . The velvet on the surface of the curlers coax the hair around the roll nicely and the clips grab without pulling , even if you are clumsy like me . I find that my curls hold beautifully after only 10 minutes and my hair looks shinier , and they last.The case itself is large , with a translucent plastic hinged lid that has no latch . At first I thought the clips felt hot but its managable . It heats up in less than two minutes so I would recommend that you do not leave it unattended for a long time while pre-heating to be safe . I think its a very well-made and fun set , and I would highy recommend it .
 These are essentially curlers , but instead of just normal plastic clips , they have wide clips with metal that also heats up . Allowing in theory a faster curl , and potentially a better curl.In practice it somewhat holds up . The biggest downside being that they seem to get hotter than normal curlers . Handling the rollers/clips can be difficult since they are extremely hot . Others have mentioned the clips crimping the hair , which I can confirm it also slightly does.Essentially this is a new innovation in the ` curler market ' -LRB- if there is such a thing -RRB- . Slightly better than a gimmick , but still room for improvement and refinement .
 This product claims to be a new and innovative way to hot curl your hair with both - / + ions . Guess what ? It works . Curls are soft and long lasting and product is easy to use . Just plug it in , wait 90 seconds , wrap hair around curler and place clip over hair . Heat comes from both curler and clip and works really well . I have used hot roller before , but this was the easiest . One drawback , the unit has a footprint of about 12 `` x12 '' so it can not be kept out on the bathroom counter . Other than that , it is great .
 I 've been using hot rollers for about 20 years now as it 's the only tool that will force my super-thick hair to hold a decent curl . I 've gone through about four different sets over that time without ever finding a set I was in love with . Got these for Christmas and without a doubt they are the only ones I 'll ever use again -LRB- would seriously buy an extra set just to have in case something happened -RRB- . They are easy to use , do n't burn your fingers , the clips hold wonderfully and create smooth , shiny curls . One of my favorite features is the case setup and how easy it is to put them back neatly for storage ... no more loose or lost clips . They actually make me look forward to doing my hair - absolutely love them !
 I purchased this item a few months ago . By far , this is the best product because it protects the hair -- tourmaline . I do not like curling irons , and at one time , used a molecular hair setter . Curling irons reached scathing temperatures , and the hair setter did not do the job . Now , I do not have to worry about my hair being damaged and frizzy . This hair setter is a must buy ! I had no problems with the unit or heated clips ! Success at last !
 This is my first time ever trying such a product , I 've always used hot curlers and flat irons . I can believe how easy these are to use and how long the curls lasts.I generally wear weaves and I 've never had curls like this in it before !
 This is a really good item for med-thick hair . My hair is fine and they seem to move around alot . They heat really well . The only issue I have is one of my clips was broken . There is no where on site to just reqt a new clip and I could n't send back because I needed for my daughter 's dance recital .
 This the the very best set I have ever used . I love the case it comes in , I love the clips they hold my hair well . The heat is perfect and I have long lasting curls . I highly recommend this to anyone who like myself has long thick hair and wants to go from straight to curly in minutes .
 The Remington Heated clip hair set is wonderful ! It 's convenient , simple to use , and my daughter loves the results ! What a great way to get a curly hairdo with no fuss and no expensive fees to pay a hairstylist !!!
 I have used various types of hot rollers for the past 30 years . This is by far my favorite . I never burn my fingers . They are very quick to heat up , about half the time you needed with older rollers . Like any rollers , when you leave them plugged in for a long period of time , they will get too hot to the touch . The results are awesome . People I have known for years made comments . Even on a windy day my super straight hair held a curl . Highly recommend . I purchased mine through a local discount chain that begins with a W. Saved about ten big ones .
 For those of you having problems with the creases it makes on your hair , try curling the hair so that the curler is verticle , not horizontal . My daughter was not happy with our first try when I curled it horizontally , but was pleased with the second attempt when I used them vertically .
 The Remington T/Studio H2050 hot rollers are the best hair product I 've purchased in a long time , if ever . I have very striaght hair that is fine but dense . The rollers are easy to use , and do not pull when you 're taking them out . It is amazing how the curl last without scorching your hair . The curls are bouncy with a lot of shine .
 The first thing I noticed about this hot roller set is that the rollers sit horizontally in the case , not vertically like traditional sets . The rollers have a slit that let them sit across a heating element bar . This slit means that extra care is needed when rolling hair . If the ends of your hair slip into the slit , it leaves a crease . The second oddity about the rollers is the clips - they have two metal plates inside . These plates are similar to the material used in straightening irons , and they help heat the curl from the outside . That 's the basic concept here
 Wow , these rollers are amazing ! I have long , thick naturally curly hair & I actually use large diameter , hot rollers to help me smooth and straighten the curl out my hair.I recieved these rollers as a gift a week ago and will warn any new user that you need to experiment with them first . My first morning I left them in for about 7 minutes and even though I used the larger rollers , I had such tight curls that the volume of my hair was doubled . To top it off , they had such a strong hold -LRB- without any styling aid -RRB- that I could n't even brush them out.As of this morning , I cut the leave-in time down to the point that I was taking out the first rollers as soon as I finish putting the last one in my hair . I ended up with a nice , soft , no frizz , bouncey curl . It was just what I was looking for and cut about 20 minutes off of my normal styling routine because they work so fast!I have n't had any issues with dents in my hair , but have noticed that if you try to roll too much hair on a curler , the clip wo n't hold it tight enough to stay in . However , that is not unique to this set of rollers , it holds true for any set that uses clips instead of pins.Overall , I am thrilled with the product and highly recommend it .
 I had decided to stop using hot curlers as it was damaging my hair . I also perm my hair with no-lye relaxers . My hair went from being fairly long to broken off , really difficult to manage and quite frizzy . I could no longer style it and looked like an old grannie . I did quite a bit of research and decided to start wet setting my hair but the only problem was I looked like I was wearing a curly afro . I bought the remington set about a month ago but was content to wear my curly afro . Last week , after wet setting my hair , I decided to put in the Remington rollers to see what would happen . Well lo and behold , I had nice bouncy , full curls ! I could not believe it ! They lasted all day and there was no crimp in my hair . I am so pleased ! My hair looks so healthy and everyone notices . I do n't have a problem with them burning my fingers , although I must say , they do burn my ears if they touch them . I just place a piece of tissue on my ear and that does the trick . I highly recommend them !
 They are really good curlers . At first I did n't think they got hot enough -LRB- I had some curler 's from the 90 's -RRB- but even though they do n't seem to get too hot , they do a great job on my hair . And they only take 90 seconds to heat up , which is really good on those busy weekday mornings . Also , they only take five minutes to curl my hair . I 'm glad I got them !
 I have hot rolled my hair for 15 years . And these are by far the best set I have ever owned . I have very thick natural wavy hair , and the clips on these really help smooth the top layer of my hair as well , plus I can get several looks from this one set , and they heat up super fast ! Also this is a great price , I actualy purchased mine at walmart and paid -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks more !
 I have been using these curlers for the past 4-5 years and I absolutely love them . In fact I am presently just about to buy my next set as the ones I have , with constant use , have gotten a bit thin on the covering plus I managed to melt two of them because I did n't put them back properly onto the bar . The curlers are quick and easy to put in - I have medium length hair and it takes me 8-9 minutes to completely cover my head . They heat up really quickly -LRB- in about 5 minutes -RRB- and you do n't need to leave them in for too long either - 8-10 minutes usually guarantees me curls that last all day long with a bit of hairspray to ` secure ' the style . I usually just shake my head upside down and run my fingers through the curls , a little bit of adjusting and my hair always looks really nice ! I like the fact that you do n't have to use pins to secure them as this has always proven to be a painful part of my hair regimen . When your hair is newly washed they can move around a bit , so I usually put a cotton round between my head and the curlers around the front of my head . This stops them from falling from side to side.I really do think these curlers are the best I 've ever had and I 've had about 25 years experience of curling my hair with heated rollers .
 I absolutely love these rollers . I have large and medium size rollers for my long hair . It takes about 10-15 minutes to get a bouncey and curl head of hair . I 'm the mom of 2 teenagers and 2 toddlers . . these are life savers . You wont regret this purchase . I love the way they are stacked and the clips help keep everything neat and in place . It 's a must have .
 I have never owned a pair of hot rollers , but after reading all the reviews I decided to jump on it and try something new . They really work , and I agree with most reviewers it does leave a mark on your hair , no big deal but it 's there . I 'm now addicted to them and use them every other day , I love the look . What I also love about them is the fact that they heat up quick , and really within minutes you have curls ! It 's truly amazing . And the quantity is perfect for me , I do n't have much hair though , but if you would need more just do them by section , remember it only takes 5-10minutes to get curls.I would highly recommend this product .
 I was concerned because some reviewers remarked about the impression left in their hair by these Remington H-2050 Heated Clip Hair Setter rollers . That was not the case for me . Removing the case from the box , I was surprised at the size of the case , but then , there was little space wasted on any outer edge since the rollers are housed on metal rods , abutting one another and packed very tightly . Two sizes are included and neither is huge . I think it 's a rather average sized roller , not like the juice cans which were used in the ' 60 's . The cord is well hidden in the rear of the case , there is an easy to identify On/Off switch , and the dusty pink of the clips and roller ends is lovely . It 's a solid package that looks good.Directions state that these heat in 90 seconds and they do . It says your hair can be curled in 5 minutes and it can . I had no problem with ridges , but am really careful in placement . I also figured that the metal interior of the rollers would be hot , so I DID NOT TOUCH the metal parts.All in all , I think this is a really nice set and expect it will not need servicing before the 4 year warranty expires . I 'd recommend it too those who have a head of hair longer than a few inches .
 The first thing I noticed when I took this set out of the box was how BIG the set is . I own two other heated roller sets which use metal pins to hold the rollers in place . Both those sets are about half the size of this set , so if you do n't have a lot of storage space , I 'd probably look at another set . This takes up about 1/4 of the space in my under-sink cabinets in the bathroom.The set heats up quickly - faster than my other curler sets . This was also my first set which had velvet-flocked rollers , which I very much preferred to the plain plastic type -LRB- tough to get the roll started sometimes -RRB- and the rubber type -LRB- which tends to snag my hair -RRB- that I have on my other two sets . The material grabbed my hair and made it very easy to start a good roll without crunching up the ends.Having an on-off switch is also something that seems to be lacking on so many of my other curler sets , so that was a nice addition as well as having a nook in the back of the set to wrap up the cord so it 's not bulky or in the way.What many may consider a downside to this set is the clamp-type clips that this set utilizes to hold the rollers into place . The clamps have a metal interior which heats up and helps to create a nice curl , but they do not have teeth and do not hold the rollers exactly where you might want them . These clips also prevent you from being able to spray your hair while they sit in curls -LRB- something I like to do with my other sets for a light hold -RRB- since the clips cover your hair totally . If not placed just right , the clips also leave a tell-tale crimp at the top of the curler placement which is a pain . There is NO way for you to hold a super tight roll with those clamps . You will not have Shirley Temple like locks after letting these rollers cool . Because I already own two sets which do very tight rolls , this was a pleasant alternative as it automatically gave very natural , soft waves instead of bouncy curls.Despite all these issues , I really liked this set . I would definitely not make it my only hot curler set , but I would recommend it to someone who already has a hot curler set and might be looking for more natural-looking waves instead of tight bouncy curls .
 I purchased these at WalMart for about $ 40 and love them . I rated them with 4 stars just because I am still trying to get use to using them but they are very nice . I would definitely recommend them and I am happy that I purchased them !!
 The clips hold the rollers in place . Easy to use , quickly heats up , and really does set in 5 minutes !
 i HAVE UNSUCCESSFULLY TRIED TO USE HOT ROLLERS THAT WORK ON MY LONG , THICK HAIR FOR YEARS!THESE ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT TRULY GIVE ME LASTING , BEAUTIFUL CURLS ! I 'VE GOTTEN SO MANY COMPLIMENTS ! EASY TO USE AND THE HEATED CLIP IS GENIUS . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND USING A STYLING CREME ON EACH SECTION OF HAIR TO PROTECT IT AND ROLL AWAY . I GOT MINE AT A LARGE DISCOUNT STORE THAT BEGINS WITH A W TOO AND SAVED LOTS OF $ $ $ !
 THE BEST !! So easy to use !! AND thanks to the heated clips I can curl my hair in no time ! Highly recommend !
 I have hair that does NOT like to hold a curl , and conventional curling methods -LRB- iron , regular hot rollers -RRB- do n't work well for me -- or they work , but an hour later , my hair looks like I never did a thing to it!Well , the Remington rollers with the heated clips definitely give me a lasting curl ! My hair after using them can only be dubbed `` Texas-sized . '' I thought maybe it would settle down a bit in an hour or two , but no ... it remained HUGE ! So definitely believe the instructions when they tell you to only leave them in for a couple of minutes!I found the rollers easy to use , once I got the hang of putting them in without burning my fingers . They were somewhat heavy , but they are n't meant to be left in for long . -LRB- Incidentally , I think it 's great that this set has so many rollers ! I have really thick hair , and most sets have nowhere near enough for my hair . -RRB- The only problem I had was one other reviewers have mentioned -- that the clip left a slight `` crimp '' at the top of my hair afterward . I did have to touch those parts up slightly with a curling iron . It was n't a huge deal , but it did keep this from being a fie-star product .
 Okay , the truth is out
 The Remington H-2050 Heated Clip Hair Setter is one of THE BEST hair products I 've gotten to try in the past five years ! My hair is extremely long and thick and I have a problem getting a nice curl to stay in my hair all day long ! And this is with the weather cooperating completely , I 'm not even talking about if there is even a little bit of humidity ! So , needless to say , I have hard to curl hair.I love EVERYTHING about this set ! The rollers are ready to go in TWO minutes . The dual heating seals the hair and there is not a single hair out of place . You get smooth , beautiful , big and bouncy curls in FIVE minutes ! FIVE , I 'm NOT kidding ! So , even when I 'm in a rush and I want to have a really nice style , it does n't take long at all!Since using the set , I 've gotten a ton of compliments and I really could n't be happier ! Even if you 're on the fence about buying these , I 'd say go for it ! I highly recommend these rollers to any and ALL hair types.For me , I like the fact that there are TWO different size rollers . The Large and the Extra Large rollers are most beneficial to me because of the length of my hair . I have a hard time finding rollers in a size that actually hold enough of my hair and I do use ALL the rollers that are provided for each use . Depending on the length and thickness of your hair , this will obviously vary.The only minor problem I found with the rollers -LRB- and this is VERY minor -RRB- is that the base/case that the rollers are on IS kind of large . Therefore , it does need to be stored in the closet in my bathroom . They do take up quite a bit of room to just be left out on the vanity.I love the clip , being a dual heating technique , it really heats the hair quickly and when you unroll ... absolutely gorgeous ! I ca n't say enough about this product ! Remington is a well-known name that I 've come to trust over the years . Not only for quality , but for value as well !
 This item works great if you have thick hair , but can cause creases in thinner hair . It holds very well and they get really hot so you do n't have to keep them in long at all
 I absolutely love these heated hair rollers . They 're easy to use , my hair does n't get caught or torn in them , and they leave my hair shiny and wavy . The entire product is well-designed . The ` stadium seating ' design makes it easy to remove or return rollers without burning your fingers . The clips are easy to use and do n't rip my hair . The unit itself is a little large , and as a casual user of hot rollers , I do n't really like leaving it on my bathroom counter all the time as it takes up a lot of room . However , if I were curling my hair every day , I 'd make room for it!My only gripe at all is that the on/off switch is hidden on the side of the unit . I am more of an intuitive user than a manual reader , so I plugged the unit in and waited . And waited . It never heated . I was SO disappointed ! I did n't see a switch on the front or back , so I unplugged it and tried another outlet . Same outcome . Only then did I consult the manual . Oops , there was an on/off switch , but located on the side !
 They really helped hold curl in my naturally straight hair . Warmed up in about 10 minutes and left in for about 10 to 15 . Did n't get too hot , but still warm enough . I would definitely recommend these !
 I purchased these rollers for my Mother 's birthday present . She could n't be happier . They are easy to use and hold the heat very well . She has arthritus in her hands but found the clips simple to handle .
 I READ MANY REVIEWS AND WAS A LITTLE SKEPTICAL ABOUT BUYING THESE BUT I MUST SAY THAT I AM SO GLAD I DID . I LIVE IN A VERY HUMID AREA AND MY OLD ROLLER CURLED MY HAIR BUT THE CURLS WOULD NOT LAST . I DO N'T HAVE THAT PROBLEM WITH THESE . I FOUND THEM EASY TO USE AND I DID NOT BURN MY FINGERS . THE CURLS LASTED ALL DAY EVEN IN THE RAIN AND HUMIDITY . THIS WAS A GOOD PURCHASE .
 I have long thick hair down to almost my waist and loved these setters . I have several different setters but really liked the clips on this one . My friend does not use the clips and just bought the large round plastic claw hair clips from a beauty supply store so that she can get a tighter hold but I did n't have that problem at all . I use the smaller rollers on the top of my head and the larger ones on the bottom , it came out beautiful and full for my photo shoot . I really like the idea of a heated clip to help set the curls . I cliped them farther around from the base to prevent lines and I used a setting spray -LRB- hairspray works too -RRB- before rolling them and my curls lasted all day . I might purchase a second set for those days I want smaller curls and can roll smaller section but for the most part I really like this product .
 This is perhaps the 5th set of electric style rollers that I have owned . It 's probably the best , in that it heats up very quickly , which is , after all , why I use this type of product . It also has the same flaw that most electric rollers have , which no fool proof way of fastening them so that they stay in the hair . This product has a squeeze clip that fastens over the roller , once it is wrapped with your hair . It also heats up , to transfer heat to the hair from both the inside and the out . It also will leave a `` crease '' in the lock of hair , from where is clips on . No way to avoid it . I use the rollers along with a curling brush , to smooth out the crease in the front , which fixes the problem for me . Meanwhile , if you use electric rollers in general , this set is quick , and delivers a firm curl in a reasonably short period of time .
 UPDATE
 I love this ! Works great and is so easy to use.The big selling point for me is IT HEATS UP FAST ! My old unit takes FOREVER to heat up . I just ca n't wait that long in the AM so I have n't used it for a long time . This heats up in less than 2 minutes.There are more than enough rollers for my hair and I found it easy to wrap my hair around them . My hair does n't snag on these rollers at all . The clips hold my hair perfectly and after about 10 minutes I take everything off , I spray my hair and I have a head of beautiful bouncy curls.And this thing is going to last for a long time as it 's very well made and high quality.But , there 's no way I can keep it on my bathroom counter . It takes up a bit more space than I have free . So , I set it up on a shelf and that works fine.I appreciate having a space in the back of the unit for the plug . No more dangling cords!I 'm really happy with this .
 Well , they are n't the most prettily packaged hot rollers I 've ever owned but they do a great job . They take up a lot more counter space than the traditional vertically heated rollers do as each curler is heated on a horizontal bar . The case they come in is shaped like a small typewriter -LRB- remember those ? -RRB- and takes up about the same amount of space . Since the case is taller on one end I think it would be hard to find a drawer large enough to shove it away in.They do their job as advertised though . My other rollers took at least 10 minutes to heat up , then had to be in my hair for about 20 minutes - and they did n't come with clips , I had to purchase those separately . These new curlers heat up in under two minutes - as long as you remember to flip the ON switch , very important - are easy to twist your hair into since the surface helps grab on to your locks . The heated clip is n't uncomfortably warm , and in just 5 minutes I had long wearing curls that bounced and stayed even on a rainy evening with my long , fine hair . I was impressed.One thing to remember
 This is a set of twenty curlers which are slitted to sit on a heated metal rack inside the case . The top of the case , which lifts up is transparent . It 's a pretty large unit.It takes just a minute and a half for all the curlers to be heated and ready to apply.Twelve of the curlers are large , the other eight are medium sized . There are no small sized curlers , which I would 've liked but still produce a tighter curl when left on for the maximum ten minutes.Negative ions produce smooth , shiny curls.No need to worry about your hands and fingers , the parts which heat up are the inside of the slits and inside the clips . -LRB- where your hands wo n't be touching -RRB- I 'm impressed with this curling system , which is quick and simple and pleasant and recommend it highly .
 I have a modern bob but I like to spice it up with volume and curls on my stubborn straight hair . I used Caruso curlers and they work but THOSE really burned my hands with steam and was so messy that I tossed them in the corner and started trying Hot Rollers . I got the Pro Ion Ceramic Instant Heat first and it did ok but the set I got had all Jumbo and Large so I gave it to a relative who has long hair and bought this Remington set . It heats up faster than the Pro one and is not messy.The heated clips make ALL the difference and the curl on my very straight hair with no perm was AWESOME and you need to GET SOME !!! You only have to heat them up for 2 minutes and they are ready to go and the curl was at least 1/3 more than with the Pro Ion set . It is neat and tidy with the clips on each roller and so it was faster to do too!The rollers are large and medium ... no Jumbos . If you have long hair just use all the large on the top of the head and use the medium under and you should turn out fabulous because you can always brush thru it to loosen the curl or take your fingers thru it a few more times so the roller sizes should not be a problem for long hair . If you have really short hair and need the small size rollers then forget it these rollers are too big . It would be nice if they sold small and Jumbo to use in it though.I LOVE this set and it even has a space in the back to store the cord.The only things I can think of that would make this set better is to add a few grip dots on the clips surface so they are less slick and grip the hair better and to change the color of the rollers and the storage case to polished jet black with polished hot pink combination accents with hot pink rollers with Jet black hot pink striped clips . instead of ugly solid browns and tans and auto shut off when you forget to unplug it , and maybe a heat selector so pick the heat intensity levels . Conair Infiniti Nano Silver Ion ceramic is my SECOND choice but if Conair had heated clips like Remington did on that Nano Silver then you know it would be my first choice as Nano Silver is THE best technology now but without heated clips it is the same 1/3 less curl results same as the Pro Ion Ceramic but just lasts a bit longer than the Pro . Remington with the heated clips and the Ion Ceramic with wax core is still the BEST now.Hope this helps you'all ! ENJOY !!
 The curlers are great . I have thick shoulder length hair and can use almost all 20 rollers . I love the flocked roller , so much easier on my hair , they never pull . I have not used clips like this before , but after a couple of times to get used to them I find them equally soft on the hair . The curlers do heat up quite quickly , which I consider a plus . Leaving them in for about 10 minutes gives me curl which holds up for about a day and a half . I do not find the clips too hot to handle at all , I pull the roller off the heating element using the clip handle , place the roller on the counter and unclip the clip again using the handle . Roll up the hair and reclip . Of course you should n't touch the exposed heating element in the curler , I would think that would be obvious . I think the product is great . It does have a rather large base , so if that matters to you , like if you intend to store this in a vanity drawer , measure first to make sure it will fit . One other mention , I purchased an `` ionized '' hairbrush which is supposed to help make hair smoother and softer and darn if it does n't !
 These curlers were great . They were ready to use in under 2 minutes and after 10 minutes in my hair they left great curls . The clips did not leave lines in my hair like some other curlers and they did not get stuck in my hair . Everything packs up nicely . My hair was curly and shiny . I have never had curlers work this fast before . I love them . So far I have not been able to overheat them enough to burn myself . All you have to do is avoid the small metal strip . These curlers have been the best I have used so far . Since I started using them I have gotten a lot of comments on my hair .
 I have this set of rollers , but I did not purchase them from Amazon . The model and style is the exactly same , but this metal `` plate '' people are complaing about does not exist on my clips - odd ? So I do n't know if mine are an older manufacture , or newer ? Anyway , the one thing that I did have an issue with was the rollers slipping because the clip has a smooth surface . So I purchased clips from AMAZON , both for the slipping issue and any potential creasing I kept reading about -LRB- but I personally had not experienced yet -RRB- . The clips I purchased were : Conair SPC10R Super Clipsfrom Amazon and they work fantastic with the existing Remington clips , or as a replacement . They can withstand hot roller heat , but you ca n't heat them up in the unit as you would the Remington Clips . No creases!The unit itself does have a large footprint on your vanity/counter but I like the fact that two-thirds of the rollers are large . I have really long hair , and it 's naturally curly , but hot rollers still help me with managibilty . Some people are complaining that they are too hot , but I find that picking them up by the clip , or handling the velour part of the roll is not a problem . If you can handle the whole roller straight out of the unit after it 's been heated up then it 's not a good hot roller in my book !
 I absolutely love these rollers . We found them just a bit less expensive at Target . I have tried heated rollers in the past , they always pull my hair and the curl never lasts , no matter how much hair spray you use.I got these and they 're so easy to use . The holders are heated too , which I think is what makes your curl last forever . I put them in my hair , do my make up , and take them out . I spray with hair spray and I 'm set . If my hair does n't loose it 's volumizing curl in a 12 hour day at the office you can bet this is a safe purchase . I 'll never go back to anything else . Also , they heat up in , like , 90 seconds or something ridiculous . My stamp of approval is with the Remington T-Sudio Ceramic Heated Clip Hair Rollers with Tourmaline !!
 These rollers work for my hair / I have long , fine hair . They get hot fast . The clips are easy to use . They do n't hold the roller tight to the scalp -LRB- which would make it nicer -RRB- but they do hold and produce nice results . The key is to start in the back and/or sides , doing the top , front sections last , so rollers do n't flop forward . I have curly hair that was chemically straightened and damaged so badly that I can not wear my hair `` natural '' anymore . I am not good w flat irons , curling irons or rollers . These are easy for me to use and makes my hair soft and healthy looking again . i do n't know what I would do w my hair if I did n't have ionic rollers . It takes me an extra 15 mins in the morn to do my hair . . which is fine by me!I believe these rollers are best suited for those w average-thickness hair , but not someone w thick hair -- I do n't think the clips would hold well . The rollers themselves are somewhat small in width . so again , might not be the best for thicker hair .
 What can you say ? This is a great product . It heats up quickly and evenly , the rollers hold the heat , they do n't burn your hair , and the curl lasts a good while . I like the ceramic inserts in the clips . I thought they would be on the rollers themselves , which would probably be too much intense heat for the hair . Instead , there are 2 small inserts on the clips themselves . The rollers are soft felt-like material that does n't tangle your hair . There is a nice distribution of sizes , including large rollers , which some brands skimp on . The large covered case with clear lid is appealing and sturdy . There is a slot in the rollers where they sit firmly on the heating element lengthwise . They do fall off and get all mixed up if you turn the case sideways or upside down - so just do n't do that !
 A little concerned because of some of the reviews , but ordered it anyway because I wanted the large & med . rollers with no small . It is great ! Leaves no mark in my hair -LRB- hair is pretty thick , but not real long -RRB- . Makes the perfect curl/wave that lasts all day . It is a little large , so will be harder to pack when taking on vacation , but really like product .
 I 've never used hot rollers before , but these are really easy to use ! And they make gorgeous curls ! There were n't quite enough rollers for my whole head , but I have thick hair . There was only a small section left and I curled that with a curling iron , so it was no big deal . And the price is very reasonable . I definitely recommend these to anyone !
 Okay , let me start off by saying , these are GREAT for girl time at home . . My girls and I do n't wear curlers every day , but when we do makeup , nails , facials , etc. these are so fun to use ! And they 're pink !!! -LRB- kind of a mauve -RRB- They heat up quickly just as the description says . The curlers stay in nicely and are pretty comfortable . We love the curls that come up , but it took us a little practice in rolling them so that a funky hairstyle was n't the result!Anyway , I highly recommend these curlers . Great quality , great curls , lots of fun !
 -LRB- As related by Lori Buxman -RRB- The Remington Rollers are a real timesaver in the morning . They heat up very quickly and are ready to use in no time at all . The quantity of rollers is great as my hair is thick and long and I can curl it all at once . The roller clips grip well , are easy to put in my hair and to take out . Generally , I leave my rollers in for 5 short minutes and have curl that lasts an entire day ! The presentation of the rollers is attractive on a counter . I would highly recommend these rollers to family , friends and anyone looking for a timesaving , effective roller .
 I gave this only four stars only because the clips get hot and if you do n't have them firmly fastened in hair , you can feel some intense heat on your ears . I have fine hair and it was a bit of a challenge to curl the hair around my ears and forehead without feeling the burn.That said , these rollers are really easy to work with . The thing I liked best was taking them out . Once I got the hang of it , I could just grab the clip and unroll my hair without actually touching the roller . Very fast and no tangles.I like not dealing with metal clips that heat up , are hard to hook on and unhook and store . These clips store right on the the roller.It does heat up fast . I found they actually heat up as fast as my curling iron.Nice case . Heavy unit ! Seems pretty solidly constructed.Of three sets of electric rollers I have owned , these are by far the ones I like the most . I would buy them again .
 These are n't the easiest to use , but once you get a hang of it they work very well . They get hot fast and do make great curls . Now I need to find a way to keep the curl in my thin hair .
 These hair rollers work great ! I will agree that they do get hot , but , that is what makes them work so well and keeps the curls lasting much longer than other heated rollers I have used ! As far as the crimping at the hairline goes , I did not have that problem -LRB- maybe it depends on the type of hair of you have -RRB- , but it seems that a significant amount of others have had it ... I would suggest that for those that do encounter this problem , that possibly buying another type of hair clip may solve it ? For myself , I think this product works perfect .
 I was quite doubtful at getting nice curls from this as I have been so disappointed with other brands . I was very wrong in my assumption . I have stick straight hair and the curlers from this gave me wonderfully beautiful curls that lasted quite a bit longer than I could have possibly hoped for . The curlers are a bit on the warm side when handling but other than that I am more than satisfied . I would recommend this for any of you out there that long for curls and have been let down from so many other devises . A great product that will pay for itself in no time . A + + + in my book for something that I will treasure for quite some time to come . Now I have wonderus hair .
 I really liked this set . I have had many , many hot curlers over the years and was thrilled when I got a chance to review a set . My curls came out soft and bouncy and very natural . The heated clips was a plus , added to the quickness of the set . The had a really good grip and did not fall out like the metal U shaped clips that usually come with a curler set . I have medium length hair , very , very thick and naturally wavy . It is very hard to find clips that hold that much hair , even in the smallest sections . I ordered clips from many places and found they were n't strong enough and after a minute of so , starting slipping out of my hair . These clips did not do it . I am not sure if it was the clips or the curlers but if you are looking for a good set of hot curlers , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Normally my hair does not take a curl no matter what product or tools I use . This hair setter set , along with some product , actually set my hair ! My hair set in about 7 minutes . I had nice full , bouncy waves that lasted the entire day . The curlers heat up quickly , and are easy to use -LRB- even for someone who does n't use curlers more than once a year -RRB- . Great product !
 When I recieved this item , I was a little nervous about using it . But , as part of my obligation for getting it is reviewing it , I had to give it a try . When I tried to find the cord for it , I was a little confused because it was nowhere to be found . After investigating further , I found it in the back , tucked neatly away . I found this to be a great plus!Tucking this item in an unused drawer or sitting it in a permanent place on your counter is easy since you do n't have to worry about the cord dropping into the sink or becoming tangled with anything else.Using this item is a little tricky . After plugging it in , I found another great detail . As I was waiting for them to heat up , I figured it would take the same amount of time as my curling item because this was basically a set of curling irons in a box . Now , on average , my curling iron take anywhere from 2 to 4 minutes to heat up but ninety seconds after plugging these in , they were ready to go . This is great for those days when you are crunched for time.While the clips get hot instead of the curlers themself -LRB- like older versions -RRB- , the outside of the clip only heats up slightly . I did n't burn myself once while using this.The best part ? The rods come in three different sizes so you can get differentiating sizes that look natural and stay all day -LRB- a little hairspray or gel required -RRB- . All in all , I love this item !
 I 've been wearing PP for 8 years now and always get compliments.It 's not for everyone , it just happens to mix well with my body chemistry .
 I have been wearing this fragrance many years and love that it is light enough to wear year round . it only takes a little and the bottle lasts me a year .
 This is a purchase I am sooo happy with . I will definitely buy the full size one now . The scent works well with your body chemistry and really evolves . It was a gentleman that recommended I try this and I am so glad I did . Ladies , I am sure you man will love this scent on you . It 's worth every cent .
 This is my favorite `` recent '' addition to my fragrance stock . I feel I can wear it either day or night . I rated it a ' 4 ' as it does n't last long , but still plan on purchasing a larger size .
 Since the first time I bought this for my wife , I have never had to keep on guessing what I should get her for her birthday - and she just loves it . The fragrance is subtle and long-lasting .
 Perfumes are so personal and subjective to each individual . But this fragrance is by far my favorite . Do n't confuse Pure Poison with just Poison . There is a difference .
 This is my favorite scent of all time . It smells wonderful - subtle , yet very distinctive . I wear it regardless of the occasion . My only complaint is that it fades rather rapidly .
 If you 're a lot like me and do n't wear perfume often or at all and may be looking at something to maybe try . I have found that i will wear pure poison and only pure poison any time , whether i 'm going out or going to work , or even to get that one guy to take a second look -LRB- which has always hooked my husband -RRB- : -RRB- I was never one to wear perfume , but dior got me hooked . Definitely a 5 star from me.ps . I also looked through the really low ratings and it seems like those are problems from the seller not the manufacturer .
 funny story behind this perfume actually ... i bought it in NY -LRB- it 's kind of expensive but i just had to have it ~ ! -RRB- and i liberally applied it and was going out to a party ... unfortunately i tripped and wiped out over some guy ... as i scrambled up and recovered from my mortification , mumbling `` sorry , sorry '' he exclaimed `` Do n't be , that smelled amazing ! '' Well gee , thanks Pure Poison for helping me redeem myself and make the situation just a little bit classier . Bottom line
 This little atomizer is great ! If you like Dior 's Poison parfume , you 'll like this version . It is an excellent complement to the parfume and body wash , and lotion . Plus it fits in your purse or pocket , without leaving a bulge , it 's as small as a lipstick ! It leaves your skin smelling great ! I love this stuff !!!
 Pure Poison by Christian Dior is the opposite of its name . When we think of poison , we think of something toxic , mean , harmful , maybe sharp or at least something dangerous . But if being complimented for smelling beautiful is dangerous , then splash this beautiful perfume on!The fragrance is subtle , lingering but not overwhelming , feminine yet not flowery.An excellent perfume !
 Christian Dior has created a sheerly magnificent perfume that is exotic and is definatley like no other . It is sensual , rich , and dreamy all at the same time and finely blended with the best scents of the world . I give Dior 's Pure Poison six -- above average . If you love perfume , you must get this one . It is purely incredible . I give it six stars -- if it was possible .
 I have a difficult time getting this scent on occasion b/c it is n't always sold in an area where I am , but I LOVE this scent ! I get compliments EVERY time I wear it
 It is hard to review a perfume because they smell different on everybody , but I have always received compliments on the perfume when I wear it.The perfume is long-lasting and you can even smell the long-lasting lingering notes for hours after you apply it . And a little bit of this perfume goes a long way.This is a quality fragrance .
 I really like this dryer . It does not get very hot , so if you 're looking for a hot dryer , this is not it . I do n't believe that this dryer is very heavy either , it 's not light but not heavy . The only thing that bothers me about this dryer is where the switches are , I seem to switch it off when drying my hair by accident . Other than that minor mishap I ca n't complain about anything else . My hair is healthy and shiny after using this dryer .
 This is a terrific value , and a great blow-dryer , but it does not get as hot as one might be used to , even set on `` hot '' and `` high '' . I have VERY short hair , and find it seems to take somewhat longer than it did with an older Vidal Sassoon 1875-watt blowdryer . But this may mean it 's gentler on my hair , so I 'm not really complaining . So far , my hair seems shiny and happy with the dryer!What might be important to you is that this is a HEAVY dryer , unusually so , and may be harder to handle if longer or heavier , thicker hair.The lights are FUN - and , I must add , IT HAS BRIGHT PURPLE on it , which is my favorite color and a selling point for me ! 8 - -RRB-
 This is one of the kind , fiber optic light is just fun , do not have anything to do with your hair . My wife loves it , combing with tourmaline combs . it makes her hair dry faster and no statics .
 I used and entire bottle ... within 1 month ... I ran out of the supply in the second month ... bought more during the third month with the moisturizer ... . After the second month hair I had not seen since i was a young adult started growing ... it was gray but it was hair ... I was completely bald on the sides and top of my head ... . not any more ... I am in my 4 month and my daughter and granddaughter are surprised at the new hair I am growing ... I do n't have to use as much any more ... but I do because I love the products ... I considered Bosley in the pass but I do n't need them now and I am saving so much money by not going to them . This product and its moisturing fertilizing cream is worse $ 15 an $ 8 that I pay for these products . I am so glad that I heard a friend talking about it . At first I was sceptic but after my hair starting growing i was shocked and I rub my head every morning before getting out of bed because I am so amazed at the affect of these products on my scalp .
 I 've probably had this straightner for about 5 years actually . The light has n't burnt out , the heat has stayed consistent , no peeling of the ceramic plates , and the only time I 've truly ever burned myself was when I dropped it on my foot ! It 's always given me decent results , however it never makes my hair as straight as I want , even on the highest temperature . I have no ill feelings toward it all , especially because it 's lasted so long . Also it works pretty good if you 're kinda curling your hair , even if it does have a square type frame.However , I think if you have really curly hair , you might want to try something else , because if it ca n't even get my slightly wavy ends to stay straight , I do n't think it 'll work for curly hair.Either way , I 'd recommend it -LRB- :
 I do n't own this flat iron but I used it and plan on buying my own . I 've been using a $ 16.00 flat iron from Walmart for the past 8 years . It gets really hot and straightens my thick hair for the most part . I did my hair at my friend 's house a few days ago and used this flat iron.First off , the iron is really cute !! It 's thicker than my last flat iron , a pretty shade of pink , and there are lights on it ! Until I read up on it , I did n't know that the lights indicate what level the heat was at . Anyway , it 's really cute !! Second , I love using this flat iron . With my current one , I burn my fingers a couple of times per use if I am not careful . I guess the plastice near the actual plates is thin or whatever . With this flat iron , I never feel the heat through the plastic ! Nice !! Three ... it straightens but it was n't pin straight . I am african amercian and my hair is rather thick . With my current flat iron , I can get it pin straight . However , though it was n't super straight , my hair had this shine and bounce to it , like it was professionally done , not just laying still as it would with my other flat iron -LRB- this may also have to be due to products -RRB- . After wrapping it and everything it is the perfect level of straight for me and I love the movement ! I plan on buying this soon
 I had this straightener before , and it lasted me years , and then finally fizzled out , but what can you expect . I loved it and it worked so well that i purchased it again ! and it works great , makes my long hair smooth and straight .
 I bought this for my daughter and she is very happy with it . She wanted the Chi brand but I was n't willing to pay that much money for a straightener . This product heats up quickly and works very well .
 Excellent product . It maintains heat well . Ceramic irons are really great and this one is a good one .
 I bought one of these for my baby sister and after I used it , I had to get one for myself !! I had a CHI but it was worn out after just 1 year of using it !! So far so good with this one . Definitely worth the $ $ !
 I did n't get mine from amazon but I do like it . It gets my hair pretty straight , and it is a lot better than the straightener that I had before . My last one was a cheap-o , `` mini '' straightener and it did n't work that great . This one does its job and also tames the frizz ! My hair is n't very curly but it is frizzy , and this one keeps the frizz way down !!!
 I enjoy the temperature control , its nice that it reaches up to 400 . Wish it was wet/dry .
 I do not have super curly hair but my hair is curly and especially at the ends hard to get straight with this straighter though the ends of my hair are even straight . This straighter from bed head was on my Christmas list and Santa was amazing and got it for me . I love it !!! Its sleek design makes it easy to hold and it looks supper cute even when it 's just sitting on the counter . It reduces frizz , adds shine and gives me picture perfect straight hair . The cord is kind of rubbery so it does not easily become tangled or get all bunched up . It keeps my hair straight for hours on end even on the most humid days . It is well worth the price . I have had my hair straightened many times with a Chi and this straighter by Bed Head does just as well if not better , also it 's not as expensive . If you do n't feel like waiting for it to ship to you it is also available at Target . Get it , you wo n't regret it .
 The Bed Head straightener has worked great and leaves my hair feeling soft , smooth , shiny and straight . While I 'm not sure that this product can deliver `` pin-straight '' hair as others advertise -LRB- though I do n't know because I only use it on a medium-to-low setting -RRB- , for me , it gets the job done . I had previously used the Conair S3CS 2 '' Profesional Ceramic Wet-Dry Straightener , but felt that it was damaging my hair so I wanted to invest in something a little nicer that would be less harsh on my hair . I researched hair straighteners extensively but could n't find one that was reviewed as being great enough to spend $ 200 on - so , when I saw this one at Target , I picked it up and it has worked great .
 This straightner , is amazing , It has never once pulled my hair , It straigtens perfectly and I know this because I have extremely curly hair and you do n't wan na ever see my frizz . haha . but really if your hair starts to get wavy you should try to use a product . because all that flat iron is made to do is make it flat . Not to keep it that way . You sound ridiculous . Thats like hearing someone with pin straight hair complaining I spent an hour curling my hair but they didnt stay.The only problem I had was the size i bought . BUT THAT WAS MY FAULT . I got the biggest size and it is hard to get up close to the top of my head .
 i bought this for my daughter after getting her new hairstyle that she wanted to use a straightener on . we had a `` cheapy '' one we had bought a few years ago from a department store . that one did n't get hot enough to do the job and was always `` pulling '' her hair when she would use it . i bought this from amazon because the exact same one was approx . $ 25 more at the hair salon . this professional bed head straightener goes up to 400 degress , but adjusts lower . it even lights up in one of two colors to let you know whether you are on high or low heat . it works great , much better than the other non-professional one we had and does n't pull on the hair when you are using it . word of caution ... this gets REALLY hot !!! so have you teen be careful as if you grasp too close toward the heating element you might end up with a burn .
 I just bought this straightner from target and I love it ! It smells horrible the first like 5 or 6 times you use it , but it goes away after a couple uses . It heats up really fast . The downfall is it does n't turn off by itself . Great product for the money .
 I bought this straightener for my daughter and she absolutely loves it ! Her hair looks beautiful and the only flaw is that it gets hotter than her old straightener and she has to be extra careful not to burn herself .
 I have been looking in the stores for this item after my previous one no longer worked . My daughter has been using it and loves it . The old one lasted over 3 years with daily use so we wanted to order another one . It was great that I could purchase it through Amazon because I had not been able to find it anywhere . It arrived even earlier than expected which is always great !
 This straightened my hair beautifully for over two years . It just quit the other day and I am buying another one . It does n't pull on my hair like someone else said . I love it .
 I used to own one of these when they were close to $ 100 . I only had it for a few weeks before it broke because the outlets in my house were burning out everything I plugged into them so I had been using cheaper , low quality , flat irons . I have naturaly curly hair , that I do n't like , and I 've bever owned a flat iron that COMPLETLY straightened all of my hair until this one . It 's perfect . I used to have to spend at least an hour using a flat iron to straighten it and it never completely straightened . With this one it 's maybe 20 minutes and my hair looks great . I love the changing light too . It feels really big in my hand when I 'm using it and like it 's not closing enough but otherwise this is the best one I 've used .
 I love this moisturizer because it hydrates without the greasy buildup and stiffness . It 's excellent as an everyday moisturizer which replenishes damaged hair or maintains healthy hair . I enjoy the smell because its light . The formula is very creamy , non-greasy , but a little goes a long way .
 I had been using this entire product line and its unfortunate that its been discontinued because the new line I am using does not meet my expectations like this one did . This anti-breakage line does exactly what it says it would and that is to prevent breakage.Trying to get as much of what 's left as I can
 I love , love this product , have used it for years . I am very active , running , swimming etc. . Needless to say I do n't bother paying big bucks to get my hair professionally done . Now days I spray it on my hair work it through with my fingers and let it air dry and it dries straight and bouncy , when I flat iron my hair it looks straight out of the salon , I get compliments . I do use other products such as Nexus and Organix Shampoos and Conditioners but the key is this product . I am really bummed that SoftSheen stopped carrying it , their sister product
 I bought this blow dryer for my mother and it turned out to be a fine purchase . It 's pretty light and manageable , not bulky like some other blow dryers , but it 's got power and it 's settings are easy to use . My mother is rather clumsy and has already dropped it a couple of times and it still works like new , therefore , it 's also pretty durable . Comes with various accessories and a ceramic straightening iron . All in all , a very good purchase and product .
 I have pretty sensitive skin to hard water . Even w / a filter I got ta make sure that it is n't too hot , my soap is n't chemy , and I do n't stay in too long lest I suffer some consequences . Got ta love having eczema , eh ? If you 're in a similar boat , this stuff is pretty good at quieting that after-shower unpleasantness . I will continue to make sure this is in my medicine cabinet . Plus it goes on so quickly !
 I have twin daughters with sensitive skin . We use this lotion after every bath and in between as needed . The spray nozzle is perfect for getting it on two toddlers quickly -LRB- I spray it into my hand first and then rub it into their skin -RRB- . The lotion itself is very light and spreads over their skin well . It does not feel greasy at all on their skin and we have not experienced any staining on clothes . I would highly recommend it to anyone with infants or young children . Before using the lotion , the calming cream was the only product that solved my girls eczema when they were infants .
 as a sufferer of adult-onset mild eczema , this is a great product to have on hand for mild but persistent itch breakouts . its a lightweight but effective lotion , full of natural extracts and devoid of chemicals . i 'm definitely going to use this when i have children .
 I absolutely LOVE this brush !!! I have owned it for roughly nine years . And used it almost religiously , only taking slight breaks when I would receive a free gift brush set with a different makeup product . But this brush is absolutely amazing !!! My mother bought it for me when I was in high school , it lasted me through college & now that I am out working as a model , the thing still holds true . It has only recently begun to shed bristles on random occasion but the size of the brush is perfect for travel , it comes with its own little high quality leather protection case & fits into nearly all of my clutches . I would HIGHLY recommend this brush !!!
 This is the best hair dryer I have ever used ! This dryer has three temperature settings
 I 've used about every conditioner on the market and this lavender Aura is the best out there bar none . I first found it at T.J. Maxx and bought both the shampoo and the conditioner because they smelled so good . Once I used them and saw how well they worked and smelled , I went back to the store and bought the rest of what they had on the shelf since the beauty supply stores said they had discontinued this particular scent . I could n't figure out why because this scent was the best of all and it leaves your hair silky and frizz-free . Anyway , when I had used all the extra bottles I purchased , I could n't find it in the stores and after searching I found it on-line . The shampoo is great too but since it is expensive to ship , I just buy the conditioner on-line now and use whatever shampoo I have . The conditioner is what gives you the salon effect and wonderful smell anyway . It is definitely worth the extra money to have it shipped ! On a scale of 1 - 10 , I give it a healthy `` 10 '' ! '' ' I love it !!! '' '
 For my particular type of hair , this is the only product I have run across that actually works ! I am sorry that my hair salon does not carry it anymore , but I am glad that I can at least find it online and I am willing to pay the extra cost in shipping .
 I have very fine hair , and have to be careful what I use for shampoo , this is the best thing I have ever found , gentle , cleansing , makes your hair smell wonderful , I would reccomend it for anybody
 I was given this as a gift a while ago and used it for the first time two weeks ago . It is absolutely the best scrub I have ever used . First , the smell is delicious . Not over powering , not `` purfumey '' , it just envelopes you and lingers a good while . The scrub itself is n't has harsh as some `` sea salt '' scrubs , but it does a great job at exfoliating your skin without feeling like you have been sanded down with sand paper . And when you rinse it off and dry off ... OMG ! It leaves you feeling so moisturized ! I literally could not stop touching my arms and legs after I used it ! I could n't believe how wonderful my skin felt to the touch . I highly recommend this product . I just bought more , plus a few in their other scents . I ca n't wait to try them all .
 It literally gives your skin a much deserved `` pick-me-up '' ! Using this scrub was amazing , the combination left my skin very soft without any oily residue ! Highly recommended for any skin type and for those that are sensitive to perfumes as I am , I am happy to say this scrub did not bother me at all !
 This product is nothing short of fabulous ! It really does leave your skin moisturized . It 's a great alternative to spending the big bucks in the spa without sacrificing quality and luxury .
 I walked past the Laura Mercier counter in Nordstrom 's and was pulled in by a delicious scent . You know how you smell something good and you have to know what it is ? That was Almond Coconut . I got a sample of it , and after a week of wearing it I had to have a bottle . I think the best reaction I 've gotten was on election day - I registered at my polling place and one of the people there looked at his friend and said ` Man , something smells good ! Do you smell that ? ' and his friend said ` Yeah , what is that ?? ' I smiled . Its a sweet scent - but not as sweet as the Creme Brulee which is WAY too sweet for me . My only complaint is I wish it lasted a little longer .
 A lush , tantalizing scent of tropical sweetness . I tested several coconut & almond and even vanilla fragrances , but this flavor surpassed the competition . Always receive compliments when I wear it ...
 Love this fragrance for the summer ... . Ca n't wait to buy the lotion ... pretty good deal would suggest buying if looking for a clean new smell
 ordering a new bottle today down to 1/4 bottle and can run out ! fresh sent thats not over powering . sent lingers all day . have gotten tons of compliments on it . will venture and try the vanilla while im at it .
 I was given this as a gift a while ago and used it for the first time two weeks ago . It is absolutely the best scrub I have ever used . First , the smell is delicious . Not over powering , not `` purfumey '' , it just envelopes you and lingers a good while . The scrub itself is n't has harsh as some `` sea salt '' scrubs , but it does a great job at exfoliating your skin without feeling like you have been sanded down with sand paper . And when you rinse it off and dry off ... OMG ! It leaves you feeling so moisturized ! I literally could not stop touching my arms and legs after I used it ! I could n't believe how wonderful my skin felt to the touch . I highly recommend this product . I just bought more , plus a few in their other scents . I ca n't wait to try them all .
 It literally gives your skin a much deserved `` pick-me-up '' ! Using this scrub was amazing , the combination left my skin very soft without any oily residue ! Highly recommended for any skin type and for those that are sensitive to perfumes as I am , I am happy to say this scrub did not bother me at all !
 This product is nothing short of fabulous ! It really does leave your skin moisturized . It 's a great alternative to spending the big bucks in the spa without sacrificing quality and luxury .
 Yes , $ 25 Is a lot for a comb but if you want to grow your hair you should never brush it wet and a good comb it essential to prevent breakage . I would definitely recommend this comb . I also have the bristle/nylon brush and they are both worth every penny .
 I love , love , love , this product . I 've used Mason Pearson combs and brushes for 20 years and just ca n't imagine using a drug store plastic comb . They feel so good in your hair , do not cause static and feel so good in your hand . I lost my rake comb and was thrilled to see that I could purchase one at Amazon ... thanks !
 This is the BEST wide tooth comb I have ever used ! I have thick fine textured hair that breaks easily , especially when wet . I use my Mason Pearson Rake Comb to detangle my hair when wet and in the morning to get the knots out . Unlike other , cheaper wide tooth combs , this one eliminates almost all static , has smooth teeth that do n't scratch the scalp , and the plastic does not peel off -LRB- which can increase hair breakage -RRB- . I would highly recommend it for delicate thick hair or for coarse or curly hair that 's hard to comb.The price is relatively expensive for a comb but WELL WORTH it !
 I love this comb ... I actually own 3 so that I 'll never encounter a situation where I 'll have to untangle my thick , mid-back length hair with anything else . The teeth are spaced perfectly so that it has no trouble getting through my thick mane . I 've used this comb on dry hair and on wet hair , with product and without ... performs marvelously in all scenarios . I 've never had a problem with it snagging my hair , an issue I 've had with cheaper , plastic combs . I do own two of the Mason Pearson brushes in different sizes , but I think that this comb is the best value . These combs have stood through several years of heavy use and still look and work beautifully . I would purchase them again in a heartbeat .
 I love this comb ! I have long hair and this comb helps to comb the conditioner through while in the shower ! I like it because some of the plastic combs that you get in the store , well the plastic starts to peel off and then when you try to use it in your hair , the plastic snags your hair . Love mason pearson products anyway , you will never have to buy another . Fast Shipping too !
 I got this comb after going through two cheap combs I got from target . This one is much stronger than those . I am a female with long hair and use it everyday . It has n't failed me yet and I 've had it for 4 months now .
 I LOVE this comb ! It works great for my long thick hair ... I do not know how I have survived without it . I will be purchasing more for the rest of my family !!
 Well made , beautifully colored , so smooth on my long hair , Best comb on the market . I love this comb alot !
 I bought this comb after reading about it in a men 's grooming blog post . The blogger said he had his for 15 years . I wanted something that was better quality than the cheap drug store black combs , so I decided to get this comb . Being a rake comb , it does comb your hair a little bit differently , although Mason Pearson does sell a fine-tooth combMason Pearson Styling Comb . A lot of women use it for detangling , but I use it like a normal comb . I can feel the quality with this comb , and I do expect to keep this for many years to come.Because of the wider gap between teeth , the grooves left in my hair when coming are n't as fine , which I like . The only downside is that it is harder to get a clean part on the side when I comb my hair over . The comb itself is also larger than most styling combs , so it 's easier to hold . The gaps make it easier to clean when there 's a build-up of hair product .
 I enjoy this product very much . Just wish the scent lasted longer . I would purchase this again . Have purchased it for gifts .
 this is my moms favorite perfume that i bought her for christmas and she loved it . the box that it came in was a little smashed up but nothing too bad
 Jovan White Musk for women was inspired by the White Mallow blossom -LRB- botanical name Malva moschata alba - moschata means ` musk-scented ' -RRB- and it has been my favorite scent since it was first launched in 1992 . I have tried other fragrances over the years , some of which were very expensive , but they just were n't as appealing as this scent and did n't have the lasting power throughout the day that this has either.It is made by Coty in New York , New York , USA and is a wonderfully warm and entirely feminine fragrance that Coty describes as a blend of `` alluring Jasmine , ylang-ylang , honeysuckle , sensual musk , soft woods , and amber . `` I have had soooo many compliments on it over the years by both men and women . Other women always want to know what it is and where they can get it . And it does n't bother people with sensitivities or allergies to other fragrances . That to me says that Coty hit the bull 's - eye with this fragrance.INGREDIENTS
 Picked this up for my mother for christmas , and she was nor disappointed at all . Shipping was fast , so I was quite happy about that !
 I have loved Jovan White Musk , since the first time I smelled it!I am really happy with my purchase ! : - -RRB-
 My wife loves theJWM . I buy a few bottles for her through the course of the year . It is a gift that keeps on giving and that I could never go wrong with .
 I 've bought a few of these bottles over the years for my sweetie , and She Loves the stuff . It arrived in a well packed box , with no danger of the bottles breaking , given a Semi-Truck did n't run them over . The important thing is MY WIFE LOVES THE STUFF ... And I plan to order more when the time is up or the bottles run out ... AND it is a Great Scent on HER !!!
 First thing which I would mention about this product is that , as the name suggests `` JOVAN WHITE MUSK by Jovan COLOGNE SPRAY 3.25 OZ for WOMEN '' , it is actually from Coty and not Jovan , thats the reason I gave it 4 stars , though I do n't regret buying it as the smell is just awesome , I am a big Jovan Fan and love the floral fragrances from them which are so feminine and sophisticated and light .
 This product is exactly what I was looking for at an exceptionally good price . Bought everything left in stock to avoid having to import from Germany . One of the best men 's shampoos with exceptional , yet gentle-to-the-hair cleaning power and good after-shampoo hair control . Almost makes hair spray unnecessary .
 If you like pink and you have very fair skin then this is the lipstick for you . One of the things I like best about Lancome lipsticks is that they are extremely moisturizing . I have use just about every brand of lipstick on the market and Lancome is by far the best . My lips always feel very healthy ... no cracking , bleeding , peeling . I highly recommend this product , especially the Vintage Rose color .
 Lancome is always creamy with no perfumy smell . This color worked well for me . Use alone or blend with other colors to add depth.Recommend !
 You wo n't get into legal trouble wearing this stuff . It smells rich like a blend of pipe tobacco . Your friends will never guess what it is , until you show them the bottle . Then they will want to get their own !
 I purchased the honeysuckle spray ; it smells wonderful and just like the honeysuckle bush that I passed each day while walking home from elementary school in the springtime .
 It is a good , non-specific , subtle scent , in the tradition of Dirt -LRB- and unlike New Zealand , which is a smack across the nose that lingers for days -RRB- . If you really spray a lot into the air , you can just catch a hint of cannabis for about 2 seconds , then it is gone . I should have known better when I read Demeter 's own website , where they described cannabis as a single plant where you use the stems for hemp and smoke the leaves . -LRB- sigh -RRB- I like the scent enough to continue to use this bottle , but wo n't be purchasing any more .
 Its just right for a winter pick me up . I feel like its spring , even though I 'm stuck in an office in the dead of winter . I 've gotten compliments frommany people about it , and it works really well with my `` mini pomander '' from L'Octaine .
 Ocean Potion 's Xtreme Amplifying Oil with carrot and coconut oils does a great job of giving you a dark tan . Carrot oil in particular is a highly effective ingredient to produce a dark tan . This bottle contains 8.5 Fl . Oz . I 've tried other brands like Hawaiian Tropic and Coppertone tanning oils , but I find this product most effective . Highly recommended .
 This product will really do a good job in helping you to get those hard to tan body parts , like your legs and feet .
 Hard to find tanning products with Carrot oil and this stuff works wonderfully . Used it while I was in the Caribbean and got a dark dark tan the first day I used it . Sad to say I forgot to take it out of my onboard carry bag before I got to the airport and the bottle was confiscated ! Highly recommended .
 I USE THIS EVERY SUMMER . NEVER BURN . IT REALY GETS THE TAN GOING . SMELLS NICE . CAME ON TIME . I USUALY ORDER SEVERAL AT ONCE . CANT BE CAUGHT WITH A EMPTY BOTTLE
 Great product for sun worshippers who want a deep dark tan !! The only neg would have to be to apply evenly one must spray than rub over body and when the spray gets on the floor look out cause its super slippery !! Put down a towel or apply outside
 Hawaiian tropic will always be my favorite , its smells like summer . But this stuff does the trick as well ... very conditioning , has a yummy/unique smell and works . I usually apply a sunscreen with 15-30 spf first and apply this stuff over the top . That way I 'm protected from burning/damaging skin/getting wrinkles , but I still soak up the sun and get nicely colored .
 Carrot Oil is the BEST to use to tan . You will have a BEAUTIFUL tan !! Its a little hard to find a product with MOSTLY carrot oil , so if you do get it !! You will not be disappointed !!
 I have always love Musk Scent Colognes and I just love the scent of this spray.I am happy I found it because it smells very good . I ` llbuy another one.Monsieur Musk for Men 4.0 oz Cologne Pure Spray
 Please do not confuse this product , as Amazon reviewers have done , with the Jason 6-in-1 Shaving Lotion ; its not the same although the 8 oz bottle is similiar . . The Jason 6-in-1 Beard & Skin Therapy , After Shave , is a very pleasant after shave , natural and organic , alcohol-free , which soothes redness and irritation . The only problem is that its hard to locate and buy from many of the popular on-line retailers . It goes a long way since you can , as the bottle indicates , add a few drops of cold water before applying to the face . I highly recommend this product .
 this product does not foam up , but has an exfoliator , is organic which is a bonus , does n't take much to cover to be shaved . at first i did n't think it was good , but after using it , i love it . if you want something foaming , do n't get it .
 Picked up this product to give it a try . The directions say to apply product and shave as normal . Shaving as normal to me means applying a shave cream and using a razor . When using it this way , it works great .
 Works great , leaves skin soft , I love the little jojoba beads ! You do n't need to use very much either , seems like the bottle will last .
 Bought this for a Christmas gift for my nephew and he says he likes it . So I take that it is a good product
 Once my husband had tried this , he made me go back to the store and buy out the supply just in case the product disappeared from our area . Well years later it is still around and we are now buying it Amazon ! He used to always cut himself using other shaving creams . I guess there is something about the jojoba beads ?
 This product is great . It moisturizes my skin and leaves it very soft . It helps smooth away rough spots from eczema . I went on a probiotic spree when I thought my eczema attack was a candida skin infection . This was one of the items I bought . Even though I only had an eczema break-out , this product is still in use today because it 's so awesome . It does what it says it 's going to do.As for those who rated this product lower based on the fact that it has an ingredient that may or may not be derived from horses , if you were that concerned with what goes in and on your body , you would research any unfamiliar ingredients to make sure they adhere to your standards before purchasing the product . I almost did n't buy this product because of the bad ratings , but after reading the reasons for the bad reviews , I laughed . It 's not Dr. Ohhira 's fault , even if the item claimed to be vegan , still do your research . This probably wo n't be the last time you put something on your body that you do n't like . And if the product does what it says it 's supposed to do , why rate it lower ? Just inform others without taking from it 's potential to sell to those who actually need it.Great moisturizer !
 I highly recommend this product !!! I received a few samples of this skin lotion and I tried it . It is actually thicker than a lotion and a very small amount goes a l-o-n-g way ! I am post menopausal and on some days you could see the dryness of the skin on my face and neck . It looked like the bottom of a dry riverbed . Also , my skin is sensitive to most skin lotions . The Magoroku Skin Lotion does an amazing feat of retaining moisture . After applying a very small amount of Magoroku an amazing transformation seems to take place . My skin is visibly different and the softness is like a babies bottom . People have commented about how lovely my skin is ... I did read the ingredients and puzzled over the use of horse oil but I am not a chemist . The packaging explains that the oil is high in essential fatty acids -LRB- something American 's are deficient in -RRB- . I have looked up all the product ingredients and I feel good about using this formula . -LRB- It is interesting to note that there are things much worse than horse oil that people put on their skin that are harmful and toxic ... products that are expensive and make all sorts of claims that I would not or could not use -RRB- . But , Magoroku is different !! The ingredients such as probiotics and aloe are exceptionally healthful and are at the top of the ingredient list.I highly recommend this product . I have had the best results of all the `` natural '' products I have tried . There is no burning or sensitivity and my skin responds beautifully , looking well hydrated and healthy . It truly does nourish and condition my dry , sensitive skin . I am a Natural Health Professional and this product has my endorsement . Give it a try ...
 This skin cream works incredibly well . It moisturizes my skin even if it 's really dry , and keeps working for hours beyond any other lotion . In case `` Equine Oil '' is n't an obvious enough terminology for you , it means there IS oil from a horse or a related animal , in the equine family . If you 're vegan , you may not want it . The stuff works , though . It seems to repair dried-out areas and leaves my skin with a nice , dewy look for a while . It 's also quite soothing , not painful to put on a raw area like some lotions . It 's a skin-saver in the winter . If the animal product is an issue , you may want to research your current soap , lotion , and make-up ingredients . It is quite common to use animal fats in these products , and has been for a long time ; a lot of products are going to contain such ingredients unless marked `` vegan '' .
 I received this as a gift several years ago , and , though not a bigtime aromatherapy follower , I found that it worked as promoted . The oil , like the flower from which it is derived gives off a wonderful orange scent that is best described as invigorating . For this reason , I primarily used it at work.Although there are many delivery systems , I simply put a drop on a non-porous surface . Even though it is not overpowering , the orange lasted for hours . My office seemed fresh and invigorating -LRB- that is the operative word here -RRB- y , yet relaxed . This is cafe au lait -LRB- heavy on the au lait -RRB- more than a double shot of espresso . I ca n't explain the science of it , but I have really enjoyed it.Other uses of the Bergamot plant -LRB- Monarda didyma -RRB- , an American perennial used by native Americans and the early colonists , are in flower gardens -LRB- they 're colorful and they attract bees -RRB- , and in salads and drinks . You can also take 5-6 fresh leaves , and add a cup of boiling water to make a refreshing tea . -LRB- But do not try this with the essential oil -RRB- . Whether you believe in aromatherapy principles -LRB- an integral part of the increasingly popular Feng Shui movement in America -RRB- , or , like me , you simply enjoy refreshing scents , you may want to give this a try . More information on the manufacturer may be found at www.auracacia.com .
 Bergamot Essential Oil is good in so many ways and the main benefits are : Acne , abscesses , anxiety , boils , cold sores , cystitis , depression , halitosis , itching , loss of appetite , oily skin , psoriasis and stress.I use this Essential Oil for my morning wake up bath line products . With the citrus scent this is a wonderful scent you can also add to a floral scent if you wanted to add a sense of clean and crisp to any lotions or body washes shampoos etc.Overall with the wonderful benefits of this Essential Oil and the engaging orange citrus scent that you get from it this is over all a wonderful Essential Oil to have around.Not feeling to well on a certain day and you are at home , then get a bowl and fill about half way with warm water . Add 1 drop of Roman Chamomile Essential Oil , 1 drop of Lavender Essential Oil -LRB- this is if you like lavender , I know some people hate the smell of it . If you do not like Lavender you do not have to add it -RRB- and about 3 or 4 drops of the Bergamot Essential Oil . Let it sit for about a min and then just lower your head and take slow deep breaths randomly sitting up and then maybe a couple more slow deep breaths and you should be feeling pretty relaxed.This is definitely an Essential Oil to have in the home .
 I would totally recommend this product to anyone and everyone ... It has a nice sensual sexy smell ... Everywhere I go I get asked . . What is it you are wearing ?? It is the Best of the Best.Moneys worth Guaranteed ...
 great smell , i bougth for a gift , and my aunt love it , ca n't wait for a new purchase . I want one for me
 Ordered this as a gift and my Daughter was thrilled . Package arrived right on time and in excellent condition . Terrific price !
 Sorme Mineral Loose powder goes on your skin , like it was your ownsilk-easy to handle no big granules , and comes in good colors.quick responseSN-Las Vegas
 You wo n't get into legal trouble wearing this stuff . It smells rich like a blend of pipe tobacco . Your friends will never guess what it is , until you show them the bottle . Then they will want to get their own !
 I purchased the honeysuckle spray ; it smells wonderful and just like the honeysuckle bush that I passed each day while walking home from elementary school in the springtime .
 It is a good , non-specific , subtle scent , in the tradition of Dirt -LRB- and unlike New Zealand , which is a smack across the nose that lingers for days -RRB- . If you really spray a lot into the air , you can just catch a hint of cannabis for about 2 seconds , then it is gone . I should have known better when I read Demeter 's own website , where they described cannabis as a single plant where you use the stems for hemp and smoke the leaves . -LRB- sigh -RRB- I like the scent enough to continue to use this bottle , but wo n't be purchasing any more .
 Its just right for a winter pick me up . I feel like its spring , even though I 'm stuck in an office in the dead of winter . I 've gotten compliments frommany people about it , and it works really well with my `` mini pomander '' from L'Octaine .
 After doing an extensive fragrance testing round , this fragrance definetely came out on top ! The scent is fresh and invigorating and most of all , lasts ! It also is a step apart from your usual `` mall perfume '' , a bit different , and you feel good when you wear it . The seller did a great job in packaging it to keep it safe and it came in original box , shrink wrapped , and perfect shape . Also received very quickly . So happy with purchase as had loved the original Gucci Envy years ago - I love how they updated it !
 The best part is the smell never gets faded and smells the same throughout the day . One of the best fragrance by Gucci . I hope Gucci relaunch this product back in all supermarkets and duty free shop .
 Many like to `` layer '' their favorite fragrance , that is use a bath or shower gel followed by a body lotion then a spritz of perfume all in the fragrance of your choice . This is not only a pleasurable experience that makes you feel a bit pampered but it also tends to make your scent more lasting.This Body Lotion has the same delightful fragrance found in ` Still '' perfume . It 's an intriguing blend of sweet florals -LRB- Freesia , Rose , Jasmine , Orange Blossom -RRB- spiced with White Pepper and Mandarin.One caveat
 It works great . Gets really hot , so need to set it for your hair type . I use it on myself and my daughter . We both have longer hair , not sure this would be too good for someone with shorter hair . Overall I 'm very happy with it .
 Great Iron is very heavy ! Gives your arm quite the work out but results are great !
 I knew that it was different then other curling irons , but it is good when you want to roll the curling iron through your hair . I did burn myself once on my forearm , but I still think it 's worth it . I hope to become more proficient with it over time .
 This was purchased as a gift for my daughter who just finished cosmetology school . It was exactly what she had asked for .
 I have about 4 curling irons and this is my favorite one in terms of style , ease of use and how well it holds my curls . I have straight , thick , asian hair and its really hard to set a curl without using a ton of hairspray but i 've finally found a routine that creates the the right type of curl and stays . This curling iron was hard to maneuver in the beginning because it allowed you to rotate the handle and also the way you open up the curler but now i find that it is very easy to use - although my friends are still intimidated by it .
 This has a grip and handle not like a `` normal '' rolling iron you may be use to , and you may find this to be hard or a pain to use , so remember when ordering !! I love this grip and clamp style and the rolling handle makes is so easy to do your own back of head hair with out trying to use 2 mirrors and backwards !! Love love love , gets hot quick , stays on till I am done with it ! Wish they had a lock for the open bar part so it didnt flop around when in travel .
 This tool is wonderful ! It is easy to use , has a swivel cord and does a great job with my hair which if very full .
 Great curling iron . The Marcel grip is not for everyone and hard to find at retail beauty supply stores . I 'm not a professional , but learned to use the marcel grip because it seems to leave less `` crimps '' in the hair from the pressure of the clamp . I owned the exact one , which finally died after over 10 years of use . They last pretty long if you take care of them . Love the various temperature settings as well . Be careful at high settings as it really can get hot .
 If you 're used to using a Marcel curling iron , this one works great . It gets SUPER hot , so I 'm glad it has adjustment . Also , it heats up extremely fast , so hardly no waiting if you forgot to turn it on .
 My stylist told me about the Marcel curling iron . It takes some getting used to and maybe even a couple of Youtube videos to learn how to not burn yourself , but once you learn how to use this baby its totally worth it ! The curls last for days ... you 'll look like your hair was done professionally !
 This is my second Hot Tools marcel grip curling iron . The first one lasted for years , so it was certainly a good value . This iron gets VERY hot , which is great if you have thick hair like I do . If you are looking for a marcel grip curling iron , I highly recommend this product ... it 's great !
 My hairdresser recommended it to me and I am in love with it now . It makes curling your hair super easy . I definitely recommend it !
 My wife was a hairdresser and salon owner . She used this same product and still does at home.She would Recommend it !
 This was recommended by my hairdresser and I am happy when finished styling . It is a little awkward to handle .
 This curling iron is a great product if you know what you 're doing with it . It takes practice to get it right and if you 're not used to it you may find it extremely difficult to use . It can get very hot , and with no end you may burn your fingers . If used correctly its a great product .
 Come on people , this is Hot Tools . Do they ever make a bad curling iron ? Seriously.This iron is amazing ! It heats evenly and quickly , and it will keep the heat -LRB- no annoying fluctuations you may experience with other irons -RRB- . It is easy on hair -LRB- for a hot appliance . My hair actually prefers this to my ~ $ 120.00 ceramic flat iron -RRB- . It is beautifully , and intelligently designed.Keep in mind , this is a Marcel Iron , so no easy little clip with a spring . You will get a more natural curl with this , and in my opinion once you are used to its operation it is faster than a spring iron . I have previously owned the Hot Tools Professional Spring Irons , and the springs tend to start squeaking and then lose their hold . Granted , my last iron lasted for 4 years before the spring lost its hold , and I loved everything else about that thing , but I did n't want to spend the money on a replacement that would have the same spring problem . The marcel iron has no spring , thus , no problem!This is a fantastic iron ! I could n't recommend a brand other than these guys when it comes to curling irons . Just be aware of the difference between marcel and spring , and then choose what 's best for you .
 I 'm not a pro and I trained myself to use the Marcel handle . I used to break 1 curing iron with a month with a spring . This product has lasted me at least 10 years . I 'm buying a new one to change the size only . LOVE !
 After looking around for an iron forever , I 'm really happy with my purchase . It takes a little while to heat up completely but it stays hot , which is good . Also , after reading reviews , I expected the marcel wand to be much harder to use than it actually was . There 's a great Youtube video of a girl demonstrating how to properly hold and use the marcel curling iron . After watching that video I 've been able to use the wand with no problems . Love this iron !
 I DID N'T KNOW HOW TO DO THE CURLS BEFORE NOW I 'M PRO WITH IT IT 'S SO EASY TO USE IT
 Works great . Takes a little time to get used to the unique handle , but it does just what I need .
 This was a gift for my wife for Christmas and she enjoyed it very muchI would say this is a great way to shop for family and love ones .
 This small 3.4 oz tube of Shalimar Perfume Lotion is perfect.It smells just like the perfume.It can go a long way because you do n't need to use much at all.I would certainly buy this product again .
 I worked in the fragrance business for many years and always loved Shalimar.What a treat to find the original fragrance in the body lotion at this price . Thanks
 Who needs the box ? It 's the lotion that 's great !! Years of use and never a problem .
 Besides being a great value , I now have a cream to match my favorite scent , and my husband loves Shalimar on me . After my shower I use Nivia or Eucerine cream all over my dry skin . Then put Shalimar cream over that , which makes it last all day .
 Wow this stuff is great . It makes your hands feel soft and definitely helps with the cracking in the winter months . In addition , after applying it does not make your hands feel greasy . I highly recommend this product .
 i have always use this product love it i will not use any other lotion this is the one for me
 A search recently of Cosmeticsdatabase -LRB- if they can be believed ; but they do seem diligent -RRB- seems to list this product or a similar product as being one of the rare products that is `` Low Hazard ''
 Smell does not seem consistent at every purchase . This time it was a more mild smell . This is my second time purchasing this product .
 I received the soap immediately , as usual . It smells wonderful and gets good and soapy when washing my hands . Nice .
 Seller had lots of positive reviews so I took a chance and ordered a bottle of Fresh perfume . It was listed for a much better price than in Sephora . The delivery was timely and I received exactly what I ordered in an unopened package .
 love this perfume ! I always get compliments . It smells shower fresh . It smells like tide and bounce mixed together . People always love the way I smell when I wear this ! good price on here to !
 This is my first product from Dlish . The Clean Fresh Laundry perfume has a light and clean scent . Unlike other perfumes with heady smell and gives me a headache , this perfume is exactly what I am looking for - clean and light scent . Love it ! Really good for summer .
 Why go to Sephora and pay twice the price ? My gf said that perfume is one of the highest mark up items , `` why do you think all the ` stars ' have their own line of perfume ? '' cheap to make and easy to mark up , so when I saw this price at 50 % off , WTH why not try it ? It 's a gift for the lil sis so if it blows I 'll update my review .
 This perfume has a wonderful scent . It will not offend anyone ... people who are allergic or women who are pregnant . My husband loves the not-so-dramatic scent . There are 2 reasons I only give it 4 stars ... the first reason being I think it is priced a little on the high side . The second reason is because I wish it would last a little longer .
 It was on time and in perfect condition . My wife was very happy . Thank you
 Well I would have rated a 5 . but I meant to buy my wife clean `` shower fresh '' for Christmas . even with the exception of me making the wrong purchase ; the whole transaction was very fast and I would rate it a four only because a mistake I made ... thanks
 I love this scent ! It does smell like clothes just out of the dryer ! I like it much better than the Clean Cotton . If you are looking for something clean and fresh , this is it !! I Love Love Love it !
 I 've been on the search for clean scents , and recently discovered this brand ... LOVE IT . Not only are the scents AMAZINGLY FRESH AND CLEAN ... but CLEAN does not test on animals ! -LRB- Lots of perfume companies do -RRB- Fresh Laundry is , well , perfectly fresh . Because of my sensitive skin , I have to use laundry detergent , drier sheets , etc. that are free of perfumes and dyes , and forgot how warm and comforting the scent can be ! and CLEAN captures it so amazingly well.Using Fresh Laundry with Shower Fresh is a great layering combination too ! I really like to use CLEAN scents now on more of daily basis at work , etc. and leave my Flowerbomb and L'Eau The One for those special occasions ... : -RRB-
 I love the scent because it 's so fresh and clean.Leave the exotic scents for evening ; this is more appropriate for the work place , and does n't seem to bother anyone who is allergic to perfume . I guess this may be because it smells as it 's named -- like fresh laundry.CLEAN FRESH LAUNDRY by Dlish EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 2.14 oz / 4 ml for WomenThe price also is the lowest I 've found , and it was shipped quickly . I would give it 5 stars if the scent lasted longer , but I 'm still very pleased , and would definitely buy again : -RRB-
 This really does smell like clothes fresh out of the dryer . I use it everyday before I leave the house.I have this one -LRB- Clean Fresh Laundry -RRB- and Clean Warm Cotton . The latter smells to strong , maybe I just have n't given it a chance but I love the laundry so much more !!
 so fresh and clean this is a nice layering scent no need to layer but it works well with fruity scents
 This Clean has a definite fresh laundry smell . it is strong but that means you can use less of it . I love spraying the pillow cases with it . It lasts all day -LRB- and night -RRB- . I like wearing this when I want to be all day lazy and just want to hang around . It is not a scent I would wear for romance or a pick me up .
 This is my favourite perfume of all time.Its the only one I can wear constantly and not get sick of it . Has a lovely fresh smell and I get constant compliments when I am wearing it . I have always purchased it from Sephora -LRB- for a lot more money -RRB- so I was thrilled to get it here for a lot less . If you like your perfumes to be nice and fresh smelling -LRB- like the smell of laundry out of the dryer -RRB- this one is for you .
 This is a great product . It has made quite the difference in my hair . It used to be very dry and slowly the shampoo is helping me recuperate . The price is also good . It is a little cheaper than buying it at my local Wal Mart .
 This is the only shampoo I 've found that works better than the really expensive salon brands for dry hair . It smells good and the 2 pack extra large bottles from Amazon are about $ 3.00 cheaper than at our local grocery store .
 I like the large bottle and flip top . And people keep complimenting me on how shiny my hair is ! I would n't typically review shampoo , but I am happy with this purchase !
 This shampoo is a staple in our house now . We found this quite by accident one day at a local store and it sat unused until we need another bottle . When we did use it I was shocked that no one had told us how great this product is ! We have used many drugstore brands as well as salon brands in the past so we have a good basis to compare it to . When we first picked up a bottle I was n't thinking it would be anything special but I was so wrong . This is like a vacation for your hair!It does not weigh hair down and it has a wonderful scent . The best part is it does strength hair and it removes frizz while leaving hair soft shiny and full of bounce and body.Amazon has a great deal on it here and you can find the larger bottles so we just stocked up again.If you want one of the best shampoos out there then give this a try .
 This shampoo is very good for dry or damaged hair , especially if you live in a desert climate . I wish I could still find it in stores .
 The only brand of shampoo and soap that never seems to annoy me . Does n't leave muy hair feeling dry or like it is covered in some kind of film .
 My wife was suffering from severe hair loss and split ends . The split ends made her hair look unhealthy and cumbersome to handle . Despite trying several shampoos and conditioners the problem still remained . I came across the Dove damage therapy intensive repair shampoo and decided to get one for my wife . After about 5 washes we were able to see the difference . Split ends have reduced drastically giving bounce and shine to her hair . She is so happy that now she can leave her hair loose without having to worry about covering her split ends . Glad we found this shampoo . She is using it regularly and has even advised her friends to change to Dove .
 As any stress tressed girl will tell you , she 's got an arsenal of products at her disposal . I am not any different ! That is until I tried the Dove Advanced Care line . Kudos to the team at Dove for bringing Salon quality home for a reasonable price . The best feature of the Advanced Care Therapy Shampoo is the clean rinsing formula with the all the moisture benefits . I can remember when I had to juggle the cleansing shampoo with the moisture shampoo . Those days are long gone with this Dove shampoo.My hair looks healthier than ever and it has great shine with this shampoo . Tag team it with the Dove Sheer Moisture Conditioner and bad hair days will be a thing of the past .
 This wonderful shampoo really changes the texture of damaged hair . Used with theIntense Damage Therapy conditioner , it 's really amazing how it transforms the feel of brittle hair.I 've tried many , many shampoos since I 'd first over-processed my hair . None of them priced high and low gave me results like this.I was skeptical enough when I bought it . I really did n't think my hair could be restored almost to it natural condition , but this shampoo and the conditioner has made me so happy.If your hair is very damaged , brittle and dull , give this shampoo and conditioner a try .
 I 've always enjoyed the added moisture of Dove brand products . Their cucumber scented body wash is particularly excellent . But when we needed to order a shampoo for our difficult hair , I thought I 'd give this one a try.My hair is particularly difficult because it is color treated and somewhat fried from being blown dry and straightened regularly . So it is dried out from the middle down , but it can get greasy at the roots really easily . This makes picking products particularly difficult because I ca n't buy anything for dry hair without making the roots heavy and oily and I ca n't buy anything for oily hair because it makes me have split ends.We had really good look with Dove Damage Therapy Shampoo . In my experience , nothing can fix split ends , but there is plenty you can do to prevent them . While this shampoo wo n't fix what hair is already broken , it is great at keeping new hair from being damaged.One of my favorite things about this product is that I can use it as a conditioner as well . I shampoo thoroughly first , but once that first treatment is rinsed out , I shampoo my hair a second time and it acts as a conditioner ! The lather the second time around is much frothier and helps with detangling as well . I love this system and it finds a perfect balance for my oily/dry combination hair .
 This is a great product I can not promote more . Dove Shampoo is an old standby for many , many people for a very good reason . It works with the balance of hair , to repair it strand by strand . I love this shampoo because it leaves my hair smelling clean , but not annoyingly chemical . I also see results , after the very first application . Use it with the companion conditioner . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Everyone has different hair , so shampoo and conditioners are very personal things . I have straight , shiny hair that waves when it is humid . My scalp is oily . I was very satisfied with the Dove Cool Moisture Shampoo and Conditioner . My hair is very prone to split ends , so I thought I would give this line a try . What a mistake !! This made my hair greasy , limp , and weighed down . It just felt dirty and gross . I tried it for a week and could n't stand it , so I gave it to my mother to try . To my surprise , the next day she was raving about this product . I thought was a complete dud , but she insisted otherwise . This is the cheapest product that she will use on her damaged , dry , color-treated hair . Usually she dishes out the cash for salon products . If she ever had to buy supermarket shampoo , she would get John Frieda and refuse anything else . If there was Bed Head , she would sometimes opt for that ... but not anymore . She swears by this line now.My mother has a very sensitive scalp , and this does n't bother it . TheDove Damage Therapy Cool Moisture Shampoo , Cucumber/Green Tea , 25.4-Fluid Ounces -LRB- 750 ml -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- andDove Damage Therapy Cool Moisture Conditioner , 25.4 Ounce -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- made her scalp flakey . It also dried out her hair . But the damage therapy line does something miraculous for her hair . It smooths down her fly-aways and makes her hair look nice and straight -LRB- instead of all over the place -RRB- , just the way that she likes it . After ironing , it looks even better . So on my mother 's behalf , I give this product five stars.Warning
 I got this after ordering Halleys Curls Natural hair . They recommend this shampoo and conditioner for the weave before you install . I used it on my natural hair as well and it 's great . The shampoo did n't strip my hair like most shampoos and following up with the conditioner left my hair feeling lovely ! For the record I 'm a happy to be nappy girl with type 4 hair .
 So I am really impressed with this shampoo/conditioner combo . I Dont really like the smell . . but wow ! I can see a difference after just 2 washes . My hair feels remarkably softer and its also noticeably shinier ! 5 stars for this one ... I usually dont fall for all the marketing scemes , but this really works !
 I like this shampoo . No issues . I think it is cheaper at local stores , but it was convenient to order online .
 This is a fabulous product that has worked so well with my hair . The value is superb -- this is definitely for those who want to look like a million bucks on a budget -LRB- I am a working wife and mom of 3 , so the `` frugalista '' in me is alive and well -RRB- ! My coarse , chemically relaxed hair is super smooth and SO healthy looking/feeling . You can not afford NOT to try this amazing shampoo and conditioning team !
 I recently went to purchase this product at my local chain drug store and found it 's no longer in stock at any of the stores in my area . Sadly , it was the first product of it 's kind that worked perfectly with my pale , freckled Irish complexion .
 After about two weeks of occasional application , I find the tan to be fairly natural looking . Smell is acceptable .
 This is one of the best perfumes I 've ever had . I feel sexy when I 'm wearing it and I always get compliments on it .
 I love Tommy Girl . Every version ... smells great . Everyone wants to know what I am wearing . I 'm proud to tell them Tommy Gril ! Would buy again and again . Worth my money !
 I just love this product . I have problems with fragrances , but this product does n't give me any trouble . I look forward to washing my face just so I can smell it . It gives me great incentive , which is important in skin care products for me . If they do n't do anything , smell bad , or feel yucky , I simply will not use them . This product is a treat , a delight to the senses , and it works . I wear tinted sunscreen daily with mineral foundation . This cleanser gets it all off with ease . And just to luxuriate in the scent and texture as long as possible , I give myself a mini-massage as I apply it . Try it ; you 'll love it if you like the smell of vanilla .
 Please do n't stop making this stuff . It is getting harder to find . Used to be in my local drug stores . Its great when you split a nail cuz it will hold a day or more .
 I love this product and have been using it for several years . My nails tend to split way down below the white . These little stickers hold the nail together until it can grow out enough to cut off the bad part . Immersing my hands in water makes them peel off sooner , but frequently I can get 4-5 days from each patch . This works much better for me than any of the ` paint on goo and then dump powder into it ' type of fixes . It 's also handy , I keep one sheet of the stickers in my wallet and can put one on a fingernail very quickly no matter where I am .
 After running out of my Salon brand conditioner , I decided to try the new Dove Advanced Care Sheer Moisture in its place . I am so glad that I did ! This conditioner helped my tired tresses bounce back . It is a very light formula that rinses clean and does not weigh hair down.I highly recommend this product as well as the companion products from the Dove Adcanced Care line . I used to be convinced that the Salon products were the epitome of quality but Dove really gives them a run for my money !
 I noticed a difference after it 's first use ! I bought this along with the shampoo from Amazon several months ago and love it . It makes my hair seem to `` wake up '' when used -LRB- I switch up shampoos & conditioners regularly -RRB- . It is voluminous , soft , silky & shiny in appearance , and smells so fresh and clean . My hubby likes to stick his nose in my hair to get a sniff . ;-RRB- I am glad I found this online . I had purchased this a few times at the local store but they stopped carrying it.I have long hair and this seems to stretch & last a long time!I 'd like to note that I gave this set of shamp & cond to my Grandmother and even she was raving about it !! : -RRB-
 I use these pencils every day and love them ... they glide on and stay on . I have used many eyeliners ; these are by far the best I have ever found !
 I love these pencils , they go on smooth , blend easily , can make a thin line or wide , and stay put all day . I use them on lips and eyes , and it really pulls the look together for day or night . This particular shade , Milano , is my favorite . Must have
 i just love these pencils . You 've got lots of control on the thickness of the line you make . You 're eyes will look dynamite with this pencil . I highly recommend this pencil to you .
 I use this matte brown/black -LRB- Cairo -RRB- for lining my eyes . This pencil is soft , stays on and is easy to sharpen . I recommend the special sharpener . The unique flat shape makes it easy to make fine lines as well as a smudgy look . I love this pencil...Styli-Style Flat Eye Pencils - Tokyo -LRB- Black / Brown -RRB-
 My eyes are Green/hazel and this green/black liner really enhances the green tones . the shape of the pencil you can make really thin or thick lines . They 're great . worth the $ $
 Never one to stinge on cosmetic and had a hard time finding the best liner ... this is so brilliant . The flat edge and how easy it goes on , this will be a cult product for sure . Now I am on scavenger hunt to stock up these pencils . Ingenious !
 I first purchased this eyeliner at CVS back in 2008 and have loved it every since . I have even tried other eyeliners thinking I might find something better -LRB- including the higher priced gel liners -RRB- , but nothing has yet to impress me the way this liner does . It goes on nicely , is great for the cat eye effect and so what if it takes a special sharpener , you should expect that given the shape of the pencil . They last a good long time too . As long as I can get this pencil I will not waste my money on anything else .
 Love Love Love these pencils , what a great idea!I 'm going to order the glitter pencils next . Long wearing and colors are really nice !
 great product , really speedy delivery ana i like it , and will buy again , they should have told me i need a special sharpener when i bought this though , you do need it to use the product
 These eye shadow pencils are top notch for my busy lifestyle . They do n't dry out , crack , crumble or clog up like other more expensive eye liners and shadows . They are blendable , shadeable and can be easily sharpened to deliver either a fine outline or a heavier contouring shade . Even better is that they are elegant yet affordable . Since they last a long , long time , I could n't remember where I originally purchased them . I searched all of the cosmetic counters at department and drug stores to no avail . I was thrilled to be able to obtain them online in multiple shades . I purchased nearly every color !
 I 've used these pencils for about four years , and I was happy to see they 're still available . The flat design makes them versatile , and they can be used as shadow or liner . It 's long lasting without being dry or hard to remove with cleanser . Shipping was very fast , and they arrived in good condition . The color was a little hard to pick based on the name or description .
 This eye pencil is super you can make it thin or thick . You do need to order the special eye pencil sharpner if you order these pencils . LOVE THESE !
 I love this eye pencil but it is extremely hard to find . I use it as an eye liner and the color stays on almost all day . The size of the pencil really makes it easy to use .
 This eye pencil is very easy to work with.It makes contouring a breeze.I recommend it.You should also buy the sharpener , as it does n't fit in standard ones .
 Excellent long staying pencil , shape makes them easy to use ! Can no longer be found in CA stores but I found them here !
 notes on pencilsbest eyeliner pencils i have ever come across and thats why i was prepared to purchase them even though they 're quite expensive.but this time they arrived with the ` pencil ' part melted into the lid like they 'd been left in the heat somewhere during transport.they all needed sharpening back about 1 cm before they could be used.and while im at it , i might mention that $ 30 to post 4 pencils that may not even weigh 1 oz to oz is outrageous!will look locally better before i would even consider buying them this way again .
 Would not go back to normal pencils after using this one , creates a perfect line all the time and lasts all day long :-RRB- love it
 I 've ordered this product several times before . Always arrives quickly , well packaged . I 'll continue to buy from this seller . My local drugstore is always out of this color , so I do n't even bother looking for it anymore since I know I can buy it here .
 CVS and other stores have stopped carrying this product . It 's great , exactly like my pencil I just used up . Thank you ! Thank you !
 This eyeliner has REAL staying power !! I use the Venice color to go with my sometimes-blue-sometimes-green eyes , and it brings out the color every time ! I 've used it along the inner rim of my eyes , and it stays ALL DAY without having to re-apply -LRB- very rare for eyeliners !! -RRB- , but mostly I use it to define the cat-eye look . I put it on the outer half of my eyes , both above and below , drawing a thicker line as I get closer to the outside edge of my eye . Then I go over it with a thin line of black at the base of my lashes -LRB- just to make my lashes look thicker at the root -- the black at the base of my lashes covers any gaps between roots so they look fuller and more lush -RRB- . With the pretty Venice frosted eyeliner and thick-looking lashes , I can create a cat-eye that is n't too heavy or goth-looking -- instead it 's just right for daytime . To bump it up for night , I add eyeshadow and draw my lines thicker with both the Styli-Style eyeliner and the black . Does n't wear off , does n't fade ! When I go swimming , it stays on , too -- as long as I do n't rub my eyes !
 I have always had trouble finding an eyeliner that works for me and this is it . I like the width of it , the ease and consistency at which it can be applied . The Berlin color is my favorite . I found this first at a drugstore , but ca n't always locate it across the counter so I order online , several at a time . I have the sharpener that goes with it and I 'm set . Hope it is always available .
 I am an African American who has struggled with unmanagable hair all of my life . Although my hair is thick and almost impossible to damage , it just wo n't curl , wo n't straighten -- basically wo n't do anything but poof and take years -LRB- and cost hundreds of dollars -RRB- to braid . By the time I was 15 years old , I learned to braid my hair myself -LRB- to save money -RRB- and either wore braids or shaved my hair super short , because those were the only ways I could quickly manage my hair everyday . I was given some of O.R.S. 's olive oil samples at a beauty supply store while buying extensions to braid my hair one day . On a whim , I decided to wash , condition , and moisturize my hair with only the olive oil samples . I was AMAZED at how soft and manageable my hair was after . I decided to add a dab of curling mousse just to see what would happen , and I have n't braided my hair sense . I have a wonderful , curly , natural ` do that does n't frizz or poof with every subtle climate change . I have never had so many compliments on my hair before in my life -LRB- and I usually get a lot of compliments for my braids -RRB- . These products are pure gold AND they 're so reasonsably-priced ! I 'm not realy one to suggest beauty products to my friends and family because I feel like everyone is different and different things work for different people , but I have n't met a person yet who could n't use SOME organic root stimulator hair product . I 've told all of my friends and family about them , and everyone who has tried the products have loved them . They work on all kinds of African American hair -- natural , relaxed , texturized , even curl-perms . And I 've even read reviews from people of other ethnic backgrounds raving about the products , so DEFINITELY try them ! And if you do n't like them -LRB- HIGHLY UNLIKELY -RRB- , you will not have even lost $ 10 ; you ca n't go wrong !
 I now swear by the Organic Root Stimulator Line . My relaxed hair has improved tremendously because of it . I especially love this shampoo because it has a rich , creamy lather and leaves my hair great-smelling and healthy . I highly recommend it .
 I am typically not a product line user , but this would make the 3rd product I 've used by ORS and I love it ! I bought the pack though to ensure I would like it , but once the pack runs out I will invest in the actual bottle . I had a lot of product build up on my hair and it cleaned everything away ! It left my hair feeling soft and I used the deep conditioner right after . My hair feels like silk !
 I had decided to try the olive oil perm kit 2 weeks ago for the first time and when I discovered this wonderful olive oil shampoo that comes in the kit , oh my god never knew this stuff was that good it is so moisturizing has a real nice slip from any other shampoo I have tried .
 This is an excellent product ! The lather is pretty good and leaves your hair smelling nice .
 I have fine relaxed hair and I use this shampoo weekly . Hands down , its a great chelating shampoo . Sadly it does n't make my hair feel moisturized so I use Creme of Nature afterward . It lathers up really good . After washing I use the ORS Replenishing conditioner .
 I love this shampoo ! It has such a great smell and leaves my hair soft and shiny . I will keep this shampoo around . : -RRB-
 I first tried this shampoo as a neutralizer in theOrganic R/s Root Stimulator Olive Oil No-lye Relaxer Extra Strength Kit . It certainly added softness and `` life '' to me freshly relaxed hair , so when I discovered it was available to buy solo , I was excited.It works wonders on my hair weeks post relaxer as well . It 's even good on natural hair . It works up an extremely rich lather and has a really clean `` soapy '' smell -LRB- baby shampoo is the only thing I can think of comparing it to -RRB- , so I actually enjoy the process of using it on my hair and the hair of others . I feel like it makes my hair great and look healthy . My hair is n't in the worst condition it has ever experienced but I still like this shampoo more than any other I 've tried . I think it stabilizes my hairs health . It lost a star because , although it makes my hair soft , I feel like - for something labeled `` olive oil '' - it could moisturizer a bit better . I usually follow it up with another faveOrganic Root Stimulator Hair Lotion , Olive Oil Moisturizing , 8.5 oz.to combat dryness .
 I have relaxed hair and this product actually softens my hair when i use it . Ive never used a shampoo that softens my hair . Normally they tend to dry out my hair but this one does the opposite . I love the smell of this shampoo and the color makes it look like candy lol . Anyway , i pair this up with the replenishing conditioner and it works wonders for me . Its such a great buy .
 This is great and healthy for my hair . I love it and it makes my curls feel really really soft .
 Love how my hair feels after shampooing with this product , shiny and full . Perfect suds and my hasir looks and feels so healthy
 Very good shampoo , but I tried same brand of conditioner and did n't like it -LRB- but did n't keep it on my head for 1 hr as was recommended . I would recommend this shampoo to a friend .
 this shampoo smells really good and left my scalp feeling very clean . for a neutralizing/clarifying shampoo , it did n't leave my hair stripped . i will only use this product once a month to remove build up
 i love this shampoo my hair has grow thick and its getting longer so i had to cut it yesterday
 I like the organic root stimulator line of products and I love this shampoo . It really does improve the condition of your hair and leaves hair feeling nice and soft andhealthy . I would recommend it .
 Olive oil is a great moisturiser and Aloe stimulates your roots . Also the idea of washing your hair with a vegetable oil product makes sense ; oil dissolves oil and takes away scalp build-up , but does n't strip you completely dry . I have light brown European hair and I am growing my hair out . I am skipping any trims or haircuts for at least 6 months at a time and I need to keep my ends and roots as healthy as possible in between . I use a hot oil treatment once per month for deep repair . Besides this , I wanted to find a shampoo that would help my hair grow and the ends to stay un-frizzed . I use this shampoo , alone , without conditioner and when I get out of the shower I use a product called , `` Roman Oil '' -LRB- but you could use any moisturising after wash treatment - just a pea sized drop and I work it into my ends before either letting it dry naturally or blow-drying . So far so great ! My hair feels thicker and softer . The shampoo smells pleasant and sweet , sort of reminding me of when I was a kid and not at all overpowering like all the fruity shampoos out there ! It also has an amazing lather , no matter how dirty your hair is ! I recommend this shampoo to anyone with long-term-long-length hair growing goals ! Keep that hair moisturised and that scalp stimulated!Facts I 've found ... About Aloe for hair
 Lately I have become a fan of all products that incorporate olive oil . Recent research suggests a compound in olive oil , oleocanthal , is a non-selective inhibitor of cyclooxygenase -LRB- COX -RRB- , which would give oleocanthal anti-inflammatory properties . The downside is that you would have to ingest 500 grams of olive oil to get the same effect as one Advil . This translates into 4,500 calories of olive oil or twice the average daily intake.That being said , this is nice shampoo at a modest price . It would be a suitable choice even without concerns about inflammation . I am hopeful more research will become available to enable informed decisions on purchasing such products .
 This is probably the best shampoo I 've ever tried . Other shampoos leave my hair dry and straw-like unless I follow it with loads of conditioner . This shampoo is moisturizing enough to be used with or without a conditioner.If you have curly , dry , thick hair , then you need serious moisture . This shampoo leaves my hair feeling silky , healthy , and smooth.The shampoo has a pleasantly fresh `` green apple '' type of smell , and it 's also very thick and creamy , just as the name states .
 This is a great shampoo it leaves my hair nice and smooth i can feel it clean and not using all the chemicals like other products .
 Ever since i was born , my hair has been frizzy and kinda gross . The worst thing i did to my hair was relax it . Doing this made my hair really difficult to manage . It was too thin and once my natural frizz started to come back , my hair was harder than ever ! There were so so many knots and the texture was rough.I took a chance at this aloe shampoo which i got from walgreens . It is amazing ! After a few weeks i saw the results ! Soft , smooth , not frizzy , but CURLY hair -LRB- like locks -RRB- . It was great ! I 've never felt better and i 'm not insecure about my hair anymore!I think the key thing is to stick with it for at least 3 months . Let your hair get used to this shampoo . In the process , it might not feel soft , however , once you get there . . youll feel great!What i suggest is that you get the leave on conditioner as well ! I used to put it on and dry my hair , but the affect is not as amazing if you put it on , comb it out and let your hair dry by itself ! I have n't used the shampoo without the leave on conditioner so i dont know if just the shampoo will do the trick ! However , because they are both so cheap , really consider both of them - they are such such suchhhh a great investment ! : D
 This is a great make-up remover . It 's the most gentle I 've found , it takes of the mascara easily .
 I like this product , it has a light texture , and light smell , not over powering , i will give this product , a try again
 I have used this product on my friends hair for years . It never burns his scalp and we get the same results every time , straight , soft , healthy hair . I recommend it highly . i love this product i use it all the time whenever i give myself a relaxer at home i would recommend anybody to use it
 I have very dry curly hair and find this line of products to be the best for people with hard to manage hair . I 've used the deep conditioning treatment , the sheen spray and the conditioner . It really leaves my hair so silky , shiny and SOFT ! Do n't let the name of the product turn you off either , it has a clean fragance . I also have a friend that loves to use the hair relaxer made by Organic Root Stimulator . Try it , you wo n't regret it !!
 I 've been using this for several years and I love it.I just ran across it in the store one day & gave it a try.My hair is very dry & hard to do anything with.Using this makes my hair really soft and tames it down.Don ' t think this is just for African-Americans either just because you will find it in the African-American hair care isle because i 've had great results with not only this but also the shampoo & conditioner.This stuff is pure amazing magic and I recomend it to everyone .
 I was hesitant about using this because the second ingredient was mineral oil , but I use the Aloe creamy shampoo by ORS and it removes in buildup of any sort from hair without stripping the hair . I used regular Olive Oil as a hotoil and applied this after my rollerwrap and I had beautiful shiny commercial hair !! This product is not heavy and your hair still has movement , does not take much !!
 yeah , yeah . . mineral oil is n't the best for your hair , but this product does a fine job.My hair feels soft , smooth & looks shiny.I co-washed my hair last evening , slathered this on my strands , and when I woke up -- moisturized hair !
 Had given up and accepted dry , brittle hair as just another ` old-age ' problem . Had tried many , some very expensive products , on my dry , damaged hair.One simple application with the Organic Root Stimulator did the trick ... My hair has n't looked this shiny and healthy in many years .
 I just bought this for my son who is 16 months and has thick curly hair . I have tried so many other products but they were not good at all and they left a build up in his hair . So far I am in love with this product !
 I am white with a young daughter that is black/white/native american . This stuff works great on her for making small ringlets that last all day . When I would apply it to her hair I realized how soft it made my hands so I started applying it to my badly stretch marked belly as well as on my arms . Within hours I noticed that the redness of my stretch marks had blended with my skin tone and even the dark scars on my arm from a dog attack last year were significantly lightened . I love this stuff !
 The product arrived within the promised time . It was just as advertised . I am happy with this experience and will shop here again .
 This is a really good product , it makes the hair soft and manageable . My hair is extremely dry and this is the only thing that gives it a healthy shine . The jar usually last about a year , a little goes along way .
 This productcan be useful as a calming holistic aromatherapy oil after bathing and it can also be used to enhance any perfume . It is appealing and soothing .
 This is a great product but ended up being too heavy for my scalp which made my scalp itch and flake up .
 This productcan be useful as a calming holistic aromatherapy oil after bathing and it can also be used to enhance any perfume . It is appealing and soothing .
 No perfume I 've ever worn has received as many compliments , or requests to know `` what is that fragrance you 're wearing ? '' from other women . Even men have noticed and complimented me on my perfume -- happened again just last week . I love Tocade because it is subtle and evocative , but never overpowering . Try it ! You 'll like the gentle floral scent with woodsy undertones , and you 'll be amazed at how a little fragrance goes such a long way ! -LRB- Note that the product description was wrong in 2007 , listing the wrong designer -- it should be ROCHAS not Ungaro . -RRB-
 The first thought flying through my mind after trying this cream was `` now this is super moisturizing . '' The delicately scented extra rich cream feels like a shea butter cream or a luxurious body butter . You may be tempted to use this as a hand cream and it is perfect for severely dry skin . This can be used on the face , neck , or hands to soothe dry skin in the winter or summer months . Cranberry extract is rich in omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and vitamin E is the first oil listed in the ingredients making this a healing and moisturizing cream . ~ The Rebecca Review
 This skin cream is great on dry spots - really rich without being heavy or sticky at all . Smells nice -LRB- very subtle -RRB- too !
 I 've never used an accelerator before and I am quite impressed ! 1 tanning session and I really noticed the difference . I do n't care for strong fragrances and this smells great , very mild and pleasant .
 I have been tanning a long time and since I have been using this , I only spend half the amount of time tanning , and as dark as I would have been by late August . Not sure what they put in the lotion , but am sure that it is not a self tanner . It simply WORKS ! I bought it upon reading a good review and very glad I did . Worth every dollar .
 Being pretty fair skinned , I was skeptical about this products claim , `` you will see results after one use '' . I am a skeptic no longer ! I saw results after one use , they were n't dramatic , but anything on a real fair skinned person is amazing after just one use . After using it several times a week , I 've now gotten some good tan from lying out in the sun about 30 mins a day and using this product . I 've never been able to get a tan before . Thankfully , I read about the product on a forum , and now I am a customer for life!Thankfully , this product has no bronzer in it , so I do n't have to worry about streaks of orange and rust color . The product is n't overly smelly like most of the lotions they sell in the salon , which is a big plus for me , it smells subtle like a moisturizer to me . It is n't all slimy and it does n't leave you greasy after use , it leaves your skin so soft and hydrated . Try it , you wo n't regret it .
 It 's hard to find indoor tanning products these days that do n't contain bronzers . I want to look tan , not orange like an oompa loompa ! I was very pleased to see that this lotion is white , not brown ! No fake bronzers here and no orange skin ! It does what it says and gives you a nice , dark brown tan !!!
 It does inhance your tan more than no lotion at all . It does n't have an odor and it does not stain your hands or leave them slimey .
 I 'm pretty pale , but I needed to get tan quick . This stuff works . You see results after 1 session , and it builds a tan quickly after that . AMAZING !
 THIS IS A EXCELLENT PRODUCT . YOU WILL SEE RESULTS AFTER 1 USE . I LIKED IT SO MUCH THAT I PURCHASED 4 MORE BOTTLES . BOTH MY DAUGHTERS USE IT AS WELL . HAS A GREAT SCENT . THE ONLY THING I DIDNT LIKE WAS THE AMOUNT OF LOTION PER PUMP . I WISH IT PUMPED A LITTLE MORE OUT.I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY IT.I ALMOST WANT TO KEEP IT AS MY LITTLE SECRET TO A GREAT LOOKING TAN .
 Absolutely love it ! Works great , has good scent.Will order again as soon as I need more ! May order for a friend !
 I had wanted to have a darker tann but somehow didnt make it till I tried Body Drench FX.It have nice scent and really make me tann . Going to get another bottom for my partner .
 Struggled with dry damaged hair from years of coloring and sun . With regular use , my hair is healthy and has great texture .
 The product is good . We have been used it for more than 3 years now . We will continue to use it .
 This moisturizer is very good , and cost much less on line than it would have cost at my beauty supply store .
 I have been purchasing gold well for years and really like this conditioner . After using it there is n't any build up on my hair and the smell of it is clean . I have long thick dry hair and this product seems to add moisture to my hair.after blow drying my hair looks much less frizzy and has a good shine .
 Gives your hair body and shine , does not make your hair feel &#34; greasy &#34; as do some treatments . It is odorless and a great after wash treatment .
 I 've been using this wonderful product on my long , fine , blonde hair for 20 + years . Nothing else works like Kerasilk - and it only takes a small amount to detangle and condition my easily-tangled hair . Every time I 've mentioned to a hair stylist I use Kerasilk , each one has agreed with me that it 's one of the best products on the planet . Biolage detangling conditioner comes close , but Kerasilk leaves my hair feeling silkier . Highly recommended .
 Good product however I have found one that may be better , only time will tell . Until now this is the best conditioner for fine hair .
 This is my third purchase of this product and really , this large plastic container for almost $ 50 lasts a year . The product itself is very good and I highly recommend it - especially for the low price .
 I LOVE the Kerasilk products but unfortunately , they are often hard to find in stores . I was thrilled to be able to order through Amazon . My hair looks healthier , feels and looks silkier with more natural shine . I hightly recommend any and all of the Kersilk products !
 I 've fried my hair.I had a straightening process done and at the end the tech used a straightener , while my hair was damp and right at the temples it quickly turned to crinkly dry frizz . I was devastated . So I came to Amazon to see what others had used.The shampoo by this company is the most gentle I 've ever tried , really nice non drying yet cleans any styling products out of the hair . This treatment is great , made the crinkled mess feel softer and look shiny again . I would recommend it to any one with moderate damage . Sadly my damage is greater : -LRB- I 'm now using emu oil shampoo and conditioner with Fekkai -LRB- buy it a beauty.com -RRB- repairative conditioner and am seeing great results .
 I have very thin , dry hair , and I 've always wanted to grow it long , but once it reached shoulder-length , the ends would become brittle and dry , as well as frizzy . This conditioner has enabled me to grow my hair long while maintaining smoothness and shine ! I 'm not saying my hair looks like the hair on the Pantene commercials , but it is softer , smoother and more manageable than with any other conditioner .
 This is absolutely the best hair conditioner made . I learned of it over 20 years ago , when my daughter was small . She had Shirley Temple style ringlets and post-washing combing out was sheer torture , for both of us . Kerasilk solved it all
 I have used this product most of my adult life since the 60 's and have found that no other conditioner keeps my frizzy hair silky soft like Kerasilk.I was disappointed , however , that the pump was broken off when I opened the box and could have been securely taped to the bottle . Other than that , there is no other conditioner for me and I 'll continue to buy it , just not from the same seller .
 I love these pencils , they go on smooth , blend easily , can make a thin line or wide , and stay put all day . I use them on lips and eyes , and it really pulls the look together for day or night . Must have
 LOVE IT!AMAZING COLOR . VERY NATURAL LIP COLOR . VERY SEXY AND SIMPLE . CAN CREAT GREAT LOOKS WITH THIS PRODUCT . YOU WILL NEED TO BUY THE FLAT SHARPENER PENCIL SEPARATE .
 Love these lip pencils & have been using them for over 8 years . They are long lasting with out the constant need to reapply . The whole buying process is very smooth and easy . It was shipped fast and I appreciate that very much .
 i luv these pencils been using them for 3 years now and its a must hav in my makeup i use to but it at my local HEB but they stopped caryin this color i got this item on time and well packed same color as i ordered luv it will buy again n again n again btw this pencil is super matte ... hope this helps
 Got some of these a few years ago and loved them . They carry easily and do n't melt in the heat like some other lipsticks have . They are a perfect liner with gloss . Thank you , Amazon for letting me find them again .
 All i have to say is I Smell Beautiful . Very hard to get perfumes online and I got this shipped to me and received it in days . I was very pleased and would order again . And is the only place online that still sells this perfume since it has been discontinued . I am very very happy
 One of my all time favorite perfumes ! Thank you ! Shipping was quick . The item arrived in perfect condition .
 I love trying new bath products and this shower gel is one of my favorites . It lathers well and leaves the skin smooth with a delicate scent of honey .
 I bought this brush to use primarily on my bangs . It works well but I have very fine , straight hair and find the bristles are a bit sharp . I have to be very careful when using the brush as too much pressure causes me pain . This is the first time I 've bought a brush by this company and would think twice before buying another given my hair type . If you have thick , curly or coarse hair , it may work better for you .
 For many years , i have been impressed by the quality of Spornette brushes , and this one is typical of their standards .
 Man , I have tried EVERY round brush style and brand to use on my fine hair with a blow dryer , and this one is the best -- I just ordered my 3rd one -LRB- to have extras at gym -RRB- . Really curls hair the best !
 I bought this perfume after stumbling upon it online when I was looking for information on a boutique I had visited in Cahors , France , which bore the same name.Translated literally , grain de folie means seeds of madness and I felt I had them buying a fragrance without first sniffing it . But I was enchanted , and the scent is now inextricably linked to a late spring vacation in the Midi Pyrenees . The scent is sweetly exhilarating , and reminds me of afternoons spent near a hillside pool , with the scent of lilac and juniper filling the air and the sound of cuckoos and roosters ringing out across a valley . Obviously a very personal experience for me.I had to laugh when reviewers on another site thought Grain de Folie smelled like grain . No understanding of the the subtleties of fragrance names ! No imagination!Please try this . If you understand that style is often whimsical , you will understand this scent . When I wear it , I feel 23 again , slightly mad and surely intoxicated with romance .
 The product came in a secure package , in a timely fashion and in one piece . I was very pleased
 i love the queen helene products ! i use this as a hot oil treatment under the dryer and the spa treatment conditioning cap ! a must have !
 I 'd had chapped lips for my entire life , 30 + years . Some balms worked better than others , but seemed to only help for a few days and then stop working . I read about this product and although it seemed expensive for `` just a lip balm '' -LRB- vs. a lipstick -RRB- I decided to give it a try . Well , it is SO WORTH IT . Within a few days of using it , my lips were chap-free , smooth , pink , and pretty . My boyfriend even noticed the difference in how they look ! I 've now been using this product for about 3 months and it 's amazing how much of a difference this has made . I had tried almost every other lip balm at the drug store , health food store , etc. , and this is the only one that has done the trick for me . The search is over ! I have bought numerous tubes of this now and keep it stashed all over the place .
 I 've been using this product for years . My favorite is a sheer tint in blush , which works equally well as a shimmering cheek rouge . Elizabeth Arden products in general , especially skin care lines , are excellent .
 Living in the Northwest I am always using chapstick . I was trying to find one that I did not have to reapply all the time . I do n't really think this is an 8 hour lip protectant , but I really do like this product . It is soft and gentle and leaves your lips feeling moist . There is no color and it is light .
 This is highly recommended by my friend in Singapore , she said every time when she traveled to somewhere cold and dry , she would bring this little lovely thing . I bought and tried , it is quite different from other balms , I use it during night time , the next morning , I want to kiss my self on the lips ! ~ ~ ~ You will love it .
 I purchased these small curlers because l could not find them any where in the shops around my city . They are exactly what l was looking for and do the job extremely well . They give a very short curl and it last 's a way longer than the wider curlers . You see all good things come to those who wait.hlb
 Packer 's Pine Tar Soap is an old-fashioned remedy that really works . Daily use on skin affected by excema or seborrheic dermatitis , in conjunction with a good moisturizer , will relieve itching and redness , halt flaking skin in its tracks , and restore a healthy color to the skin . Unlike many prescription products I 've tried , your skin does n't `` wear out its welcome '' with the pine tar soap . This is a treatment that will go the distance ! -LRB- By the way , if you 're looking for a really good moisturizer , try Cetaphil . -RRB-
 5 stars are n't enough for this product ! This soap is EXCELLENT at repelling bugs -LRB- mosquitos -RRB- naturally . My 5yr old son is the only one in our family that use to get eaten alive by mosquitos no matter how much bug repellent he had on -LRB- even when I nearly poured it on him -RRB- . It was so bad that he could n't walk and was in tears because of the swelling and pain after getting bitten on his legs , after an outing early last Summer . The next morning I went to a pharmacist and asked is there ANYTHING that they 'd recommend that would really work besides DEET and all of the products that I 've used in the past -LRB- he had them on when he was bitten -RRB- and he told me about Pine Tar Soap . I immediately purchased a bar and began using it on both kids since the June 2009 . My son has not had even ONE mosquito bite since then ; not even ONE !!! I will FOREVER be using Pine Tar soap on myself and definitely on my children . I usually bathe them with their regular soap -LRB- Dove -RRB- and then wash them down lightly -LRB- face , arms , feet , ears , legs -RRB- with the Pine Soap and then rinse them lightly before getting out of the tub . I do moisturize them afterwards with Skin So Soft -LRB- Avon -RRB- oil , which also is an insect repellent -LRB- not its original purpose -RRB- and they are protected 100 % . So if you are in need and looking for something that is chemical free and safe for your family ; Pine Tar soap is a must for you and your family . Sorry for the long review , but I just ca n't resist talking about this product that actually works -LRB- for me at least -RRB- . Good Luck with a bite-free Summer .
 Packers Pine Tar Soap is all it says it can do . Makes yout skin and hair soft and it really works the way it claims . Used it as a child . Now my garnd daughter uses it . Job well done
 I ordered this as a present for my husband because we recently moved to alaska . he loved it and uses it everyday :-RRB- I 'm looking forward to try it during mosquito season but I would definitely buy more .
 This product is as good as I remembered it from my youth , lots of cleansing suds and the beautiful scent of pine.It 's like showering in the middle of a pine forest and your hair is totally clean with no chemical residue .
 Now this is a true Pine Tar medicinal Soap ! Has a strong Pine smell but not overpowering . Lathers better than any soap I have used Ever ! Leaves my hair silky soft and my skin clean and there is no residual smell . Has mosquito repellent powers with continued use and I hope thats true as after alot of rain the last 90 days we have a bumper crop of them . Been around since 1869 . Top of the Line product.PackerS Pine Tar Soap - 3.3 OzAlso noticed the strong Pine scent acts as an air freshener for the bathroom .
 i used to work at a company that distributed and sold i coloniali products and was hooked on the hand cream with rice oil . when they company was sold i bought as much of the hand cream as possible that we had in stock and after 4 years finally ran out . the only thing i do n't like about the product is the price I have to pay now but will probably continue to purchase it . seems like this is the only brand that has rice oil in their product . And when i order from amazon i get what i ordered , delivered on time and mostly it gets deliveried earlier than promise which is great ! please thank the employees who make that happen.thanksrachelle priebe
 Possibly my favorite hand cream . Lovely , soft fragrance reminiscent of exotic scents from far away . It moisturizers without bring greasy or leaving a tacky layer on the skin . A great bedtime moisture treat for dry hands . Use anytime you want to feel pampered .
 After years on the search for the perfect handcream , I found this cream about 8 years ago in a boutique in San Anselmo CA . I dip my finger in the cute jar and everything changes in my world . The scent takes me to Tuscany again . The healing and velveting happens right away . It absorbs quickly and lasts a long time . I go on with my day wearing equivalent of soft , sexy underwear , but as cream caressing my hands . No joke . You 'll love it .
 I have used this product for several years . It is the best hand lotion I have found . It is fast acting and healing .
 I have been using this Lux soap for over65 years and I think it is still the best bath soap around . Several years ago , the grocery stores stopped stocking it . At that time I was able to order a case from Lever Brothers . I was getting very low and tried to order some more , but Lever Brothers had stopped making it . Fortunately Amazon came up with it and if you do your numbers , you 'll figure out that I probably have enough to last me the rest of my life !
 QUEEN HELENE CHOLESTEROL IS GREAT FOR DRY FRIZZY HAIR . ITS VERY INEXPENSIVE IF BOUGHT AT YOUR LOCAL HAIR BEAUTY SUPPLY STORE . YOU GET A TON OF CONDITIONER FOR THE MONEY . THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT FOR THICK DRY AFRO TYPE HAIR TO STRAIGHT HAIR.FOR BEST RESULTS , AFTER PLACING THE CHOLESTEROL ON YOUR HAIR , COVER YOUR HEAD WITH A PLASTIC CAP . GET UNDER THE DRYER OR HEATING CAP FOR AT LEAST 45 MIN . RINSE OUT . YOUR HAIR WILL BE MUCH SOFTER , LESS FRIZZY , AND MOISTURIZED .
 There were no problems with the seller . The delivery was quick . The product does wonders for your hair . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a solution to frizzy hair . It leaves your hair so soft .
 I use Queen Helene Cholesterol Cream all the time keeps my hair from being a mess . But finding this pump bottle meakes it wonderful !
 Best gel on the market . My hair is usually dry and puffy . This stuff is the cure to give me always a different cool look . Just put some in your hand , put fingers in your hair a few times , and `` oil la '' - a perfect hairdo for the rest of the day . My wife loves this product as well . It can make your hair rock hard , but it washes out easily . Do n't think about purchasing the light hold as you can always take a smaller amount and add water if you want less hold with the firm hold bottle .
 This really is the best gel ever . It provides excellent hold without looking too shiny or flaky .
 Started using American Crew products thanks to my Barber . Have n't been disappointed yet . Nice smell and great control . Also like the shampoo and after shave cream .
 This is the perfect hair gel . It has a firm hold while allowing your hair to look natural . I hate gels that are like cement and leave your hair feeling hard and sticky , which is why I love this gel . Plus my first bottle lasted me for two and a half years as a little dab of this will do you . So that 's 50 cents a month when you average it out which is incredible . This stuff is the best .
 This is a great men 's gel . The scent is pleasing and definitely made for men . Firm hold gel lasts all day with no flaking . I 've bought 8 bottles over about a year and a half on amazon .
 American Crew is one of the best firm-hold gels that I have used aside from hair `` glue . '' Amazon sells this gel at a great price , especially as a subscription . $ 11 for a 15.2 oz bottle when purchased as a subscription . Salon prices have gone up recently to 17.95 a bottle from 15.95 a bottle . So , you ca n't beat the $ 11 price tag . I used to like the same sized bottles of Kenra gel , but they do n't make them anymore , at least not in this size of bottle for this price . Plus , it has a nice scent , compared to the Kenra which used to have a latex paint sort of smell . :-RRB- I would recommend this product from Amazon .
 This is the only hair gel product my husband will use . He 's been shirking other products in favor of this one for at least a year . It sets his curly hair , keeping it in check , but it is still soft to the touch . Wonderful product .
 I love this gel
 My husband loves this stuff . I love that it does n't smell funny like other gels .
 I received the items on time and in excellent condition . I would definitely order from them again .
 This cologne was basically created for me . My wife always love this smell on me . If you are a guy who does n't like a loud cologne but u like to smell good once someone get 's close to you well this is for you . Envy goes perfect with my body chemistry .
 Smaller than I thought it would be and took a long time to arrive . It was to be a birthday gift and it arrived long after the date that I expected it .
 I have worn Obsession for years and this is in my top 10 rank . I 'm a strange one when it comes to scents I feel like some are made for out on the town and nothing else . The great part about Obsession you can wear it to bed , work or even a teacher 's meeting and not be overly smelly ! Not to mention my husband is absolutely wild about this one .
 I have loved Calvin Klein Obsession since the 1980 's . It is a nice refreshing scent . I do not like perfumes that are strong and overwhelming . I sometimes use the body lotion alone or alittle of both . A little goes a long way .
 I have been using Doo Grow products for years . I buy them at my local Sally Beauty store . I usually just use the leave in conditioner -LRB- it feels watery , but it 's wonderful -RRB- and the oil and yes , it works very well . My own hair stylist asked me what I was using . One day I was riding the escalator in a department store and a woman on the escalator going in the opposite direction said , `` Oh my goodness , your hair is so beautiful . `` I had cancer in 2011 and all my hair fell out . I was shiny head bald for 7 months . My hair started growing back in August -LRB- fell out in Feb -RRB- and it 's curly now . It 's been curly for 6 months so I guess I wo n't get my old nappy/coarse texture back . I 've tried everything to define my curls w/o making my hair crunchy . I 've had to learn to work with my hair all over again because I used to have the coarse hair . I went back to using the Doo Grow oil . I put it in my hair just after I wash it and it made my hair look gorgeous . It 's the only thing that will define my curl w/o making my hair hard and crunchy.This stuff does make your hair grow ... or in anycase it keeps it from breaking so that it does grow longer and faster . As a matter of fact I stopped using it when I cut my hair short one year . I loved the haircut and did n't want to grow out of it too quickly!Apparently it works on coarse hair and naturally curly hair as well . I will not use anything else . I do n't use the shampoo/conditioner though . I did n't like those as much -LRB- I use Suave for 99 cents -RRB- .
 My friend turned me on to the Doo Gro Mega Thick lotion and I have been using it for about the past six months . I really liked how it tamed my hair more than any other salon sold product . I also use It 's a Ten but I still need to use my Doo Gro because nothing makes my hair less frizzy . When other people have seen my hair recently they are amazed at how much it grew and how my hair has gotten fuller . I have naturally thin , frizzy , curly hair and my hair now is full long and healthy looking like the women who do hair commercials . We are all blown away at this product . I highly recommend it although the friend who recommended it to me ca n't use it because it 's too heavy for her hair and makes her hair oily . I recommend it for people with excessively frizzy and thin hair !!!
 Hi Ive only used Doo Gro oils & Lotions but they really work . The oil really makes my hair grow and the Lotion keeps my hair slicked back but doesnt leave it looking or feeling greasy I love these products so much that I 've decided to use the whole line . To me it smells good but to each its own I guessDoo Gro Mega Thick Growth Oil 4.5 fl oz -LRB- 135 ml -RRB-
 I am a Red Door fan ! I love getting this little parfum mini bottle . It fits in my little jewelry purse and is great when I travel .
 I 've been looking for this particular color and was pleased to find the best price here on Amazon . The transaction was quick and easy , and I received the product without any problem or delay . Thanks for your help !
 The soap was delivered as ordered and in the time expected . It does not have a strong scent and is good for sensitive skin . I use it for shaving .
 This productcan be useful as a calming holistic aromatherapy oil after bathing and it can also be used to enhance any perfume . It is appealing and soothing .
 It is not easy to find hair care products for men that are all natural and do n't have artificial coloring or tea tree or lavender in them , for those of you uneducated tea tree oil and especially lavender have been shown to cause testosterone suppression in men and more so in boys . So take care not to let your young boys use products with these oils or extracts or only in rare or once in a while occasions as they can cause them to be effeminate or in some cases cause Gynecomastia , male breasts . This is documented research , look it up . So if you do n't want lowered sexual libido , or becoming a limp wristed liberal avoid these products Also it only takes a small amount of this stuff and it lasts forever does n't leave any residue or buildup and it combs out clean , it is by far the best hair gel I have ever used and I have tried a lot . Keeps your hair in place and once dried and combed out you cant tell you have anything in , no sticky stiffness or other flaking dry and if your hair gets wet there is no residue , you cant even tell its there , but it holds great .
 Love this after a bath , the scent just seems to be a mist on the skin and it feels like satin . So far I 've found that anything from Lolita Lempicka is good.I have used too much and that 's not what I need . A little goes a long way.Ordered this from Amazon and got very prompt delivery - 5 days at the most . Iwill order this again.Pat
 If you have curls that tend to frizz , this stuff is great . Provides light hold and shine . Spray on damp curls , scrunch and go . Hard to find outside of salons , so finding it here was a plus !
 this will give your hair just a little bit of hold . i spray it on when my hair 's still wet and it dries with a little bit of curl and bounce . great product .
 very good gift for a woman to whom it is wanted to him to express something special
 Follow the directions !!! and if you do you will get exceptional hair To get the best result use the shampoo and the conditioner and the gel FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS ! you will not believe how glamerous your hair looks after styling.Leslie
 Dune Primrose is a discontinued scent from Aveda . This is one of the few places I have been able to find it and at such a reasonable price ! I have ordered a few of these and they have always arrived in a timely manner , in perfect condition . I love this scent , it 's very unique and noticeable but not overpowering . I wish Aveda would bring back this and Sand Verbena but unless they do that then I will just have to keep buying from here as long as I can .
 It 's protein rich , FOR REAL ! Has no alcohol.It 's great because it non-flaking . Often if you use a hair gel , and your hair dries , if you brush thru it you 'll get flakes , From the gel , which looks like dandruff -RRB- WELL , IT DOES N'T happen with this gel !!!! You can apply gel , or dry finger comb , or brush and no flakes.LOVE IT!AND IT 'S CHEAP TOO !
 I used a product for more years than I will say , then it was discontinued ! I tried so many name brand body lotions average to high priced for more than four years ! I am fair skinned and need moisture daily after a shower , Queen Helene is the first body lotion that meets my needs , absorbs into the skin and not greasy with a pleasing scent . The price is also very good ! Some leading brands charge so much for runny or drying products , Queen Helene is creamy and keeps my skin hydrated until tomorrow 's shower !!
 This soap is awesome . My skin has never felt so clean and so good . I actually feel refreshed every time I take a shower.After using this soap for three months I noticed several significant ` side-affects ' from using this soap . I have had fewer breakouts of acne on my face , my under arms and feet sweat less resulting in less stink -LRB- I was never excessive before , but I have noticed an improvement -RRB- , my skin feels like I have been a regular user of moisturizer -LRB- I hate moisturizers and hand creams -RRB- . I thought $ 3 was a lot for a bar of soap , but after seeing these results I wo n't use anything else . Best soap I have ever used .
 I started using the natural salt deodorant to get away from the aluminum . I figured using a Tea Tree soap with it 's antiseptic properties would help make the sale deodorant more effective . It does but this soap only lasts about 2 weeks per bar with two people using it in the shower . But it may be no different than other soaps . It 's the best price I could find for Tea Tree Soap . I like that it has gentle abrasives in it . 4.5 oz bar is a medium size bar . Wish I could find it in a larger version .
 First time ordering Tea Tree Oil Soap . Bar 's regular size and has lasted the normal amount to time you would expect a bar to last .
 I love this product and have searched high and low for it when it became discontinued . I can not live without it !
 I love this product and was so happy to find it on sale here especially since they stopped selling it at barber shops in the US . The product came fast and the co that I bought it from we 're quick and very professional .
 Favorite hair product . It 's a strong clay that does not leave you greasy and has a dry , soft hold to it . I will buy as much as I can find .
 I ordered this online for a small fraction of department store costs . The perfume arrived very well packaged . Inside the outer packaging , the perfume was in its own orignal box which was wrapped in cellephane . The bottle came with its top on just as pictured here on Amazon ; it 's exactly what one would get in the department store . This is a fragrance I 've worn for several years and I like it very much . I was sorry to see that it has become difficult to find now . I do n't care for fragrances that are heavy , too sweet smelling , or linger too long . This one is light , pretty , feminine , not too flowery or strong in scent . I would say it may not last as long as other perfumes do , but I can smell it lightly all day and my husband can smell it hours later when he hugs me .
 This is a flowery scent , very subtle , for women who hate leaving the elevator smelling of themselves , and prefer to be discreet.I love jasmine , which is the predominant element in this perfume . If you like strong , long lasting scents , this is not for you .
 It has been used by my friends before , and they keep on buying the Voile de Jasmine . Long lasting scent . Real nice .
 great buy , excellent service , fast shipping , came in 3 days even with the super saver shipping , no damage , smells great !
 I could not say more about this fragrance.Bvlgari are famous for some of the most beautiful perfumes and this particular one is so light and fresh.The quality and price was great , much less expensive than the stores and the service from the seller was first class too .
 This smells so good , I ca n't understand why you can not find it in stores any more . I feel very pretty when wearing Voile De Jasmin By Bvlari . It is one of three of my very favorite scents . Many people ask what are you wearing you smell so good ? My 34 year old daughter loves it as well , it is her favorite . We both have worn this sent since 2006 So I thought I would stock up on it , so I can give it to her for special occasions when it 's not around anymore . Thank You Amazon !
 I have to say , I love this perfume ! The bottle came full , and was exacltly how I remembered . My only issue is that I did not want to order a `` tester '' bottle and as the description did not say that it was , I went ahead and ordered . Of course , when it arrived it clearly say that it is a tester and not for sale . To me it seems very deceitful not to list this in the description . I would probably order it again , but they need to clearly write that it is a tester so the customer can make an informed decision as to whether they want to buy or pass it up .
 This is an absolute must if you like lightly scented fragrance . Bvlgari gets a `` 10 '' for this incredible contribution to the wonderful world of perfumes and colognes . I 've been wearing this scent for years . Actually believe this is my signature scent . LOVE IT ! So glad to find this on Amazon.com . Thanks so much !
 I love this light , delicate scent from Bvlgari . It is an every day scent you can wear and feel fresh and lovely !
 This scent gets better as the day goes on . I like all of the Bvlgari fragrances , but this one is really special to me . One of my favorites . Ca n't beat the price - I will ALWAYS shop at amazon.com for my fragrances !!!!!
 Ever since I stayed at a hotel that had Bvlgari products in their bathrooms for their guests to use , I liked the scent of the different items and was determined to find where I could purchase some of them for my use at home . Before the holiday , I received an email from Amazon.com advertising products to be bought on line as gifts , etc. . I searched and found the Voile De Jasmin Eau De Toilette Spray by Bvlgari which I purchased . When the item arrived at my home , it was exactly what I was looking for . Also , I received the item in a short amount of time which also is a plus especially if one is buying to give as a gift for the holiday . Thank you Amazon.com for the advertisement you sent me .
 Warm and sensual , this fragrance makes my heart beat a bit faster when wearing it and I constantly receive compliments and inquiries as to my fragrance.Once you begin using Pheromone , you wo n't use anything else and Marilyn Miglin 's extensive line of extension products are more prevelant than most other brands on the market . Candles , bath gels , dusting powders , body balms , bath salts , glistening lotions , antiperspirants , spa treatments ... You name it . And I hear that Marilyn is producing a Pheromone scented hairspray in the coming months ! Bring it all on!Ms . Miglin and her products exemplify pure class and elegance for women who long for a bit of sophistication in their lives.Count me among Marilyn 's most enthusiastic of fans ! And never stop making Pheromone , my signature fragrance .
 I absolutely LOVE this fragrance ! If you want to try it , buy a tiny sample size , and see what you think.One thing to remember with this scent ; a little goes a long way.The sexiest of fragrances are applied so that they are just barely discernible.A great idea is to apply behind the knees , and on the outer ankles .
 My wife has used Pheromone perfume and cologne for years . It 's fragrance is more spicy than floral and the fragrance holds up well . She says anything more than a tiny drop will be overpowering . It does smell sexy !
 Admittedly I am a perfume junkie , but I usually eventually tire of a fragrance . Not this one ! Not only do I love it on me , but I love it on anyone else wearing it . It 's one of those fragrances that does n't seem to change on different body chemistry.Besides ... . it 's the only fragrance my husband ever comments on .
 I have n't tried many of these types of products . However , based on my limited experience , I am very please with this product . I also bought a face cleanser which I use first in the morning , then apply this lotion . After a couple minutes , I can feel my face tighten up and -LRB- it may be my own wishful thinking -RRB- look younger . The lotion itself goes on clean and rubs right in . This will probably be a repeat buy for me .
 I 'm not sure this moisturizer is actually engaged in a fight with aging -- and if it is it seems to be engaged in a losing battle -- but nonetheless , this is a quality -LRB- if expensive -RRB- product from a trusted brand . When my face is dry , it is less so after using this product . What little fragrance it has is subtle and inoffensive . My girlfriend uses it even though it clearly states on the packaging that it is for men , and I have seen no distressing changes in her appearance or the pitch of her voice .
 This product is actually pretty good at keeping my face mosturized , yet not too oily like some other products . Highly recommended .
 I have a relatively oily face and until now , I 've either dried my face out with all kinds of facial cleansers or over-moisterized it with various facial moisterizers . This is the first facial application I 've used that does n't feel like a moisture cream when it goes on and that dramatically reduces my oily complexion throughout the day . As far a wrinkle reduction , maybe so but I 've been more concerned with the overall condition of my skin and this product delivers .
 Lotion works well and does not leave my face feeling greasy ! Like that it has SPF in it for days when I 'm outside . Fragrance free as well .
 I do n't think it really make you younger but it moisturizes well . The price is too much for just 40gr , they should have included 50gr at least .
 I shave with an electric razor but even during the winter months my skin gets dry . I use this product after I shave it takes the redness out of my skin and moisturizes my skin all day . Its the best product I 've found and I 've tried Bath & Body Works to no avail .
 Leave it to the folks at Neutrogena to come up with a SPF15 with an age-fighting complex that actually works ! I use the Olay Serum before I apply this daily , and I am now protected -LRB- somewhat -RRB- from the harmful rays of the sun . I was looking for an alternative to Olay Complete -LRB- which tended to pill-up and/or come off my face during the day -RRB- ; this was and still is an excellent replacement . Works great , and goes on completely into the skin ... nothing to feel on your skin but smoothness .
 This has turned out to be one of my favorite moisturizers . You can feel the difference almost immediately , but if you think this will remove all the damage we men do to our faces , it wo n't . I fly a lot . I 'd prefer it came in a plastic tube instead of the current aluminum , but I 've not had any trouble with TSA -LRB- I do n't put it in the zip-lock -RRB- . Long term ... who knows , maybe it will be a miracle worker . But for now , this seems worth the price -LRB- I consider this to be expensive -RRB- . I guess a bit more sleep would help too .
 Great perfume . Love the smell . Long lasting . Amzaon shipped it extremely fast . And got it for an amazing price . Love it .
 This was my all time favorite for a number of years . I just loved it . Unfortunately , my mother in law also loved it and bought her own recently . Seeing as I definitely DO NOT want to be smelling like my MOL , I am seraching for a new fragrance . That 's ok , it was time to change it so I 'm up for that . Does anyone suggest a modern version of this ?
 An absolutly lovely , soft fragrance . Use it in combination with bath & bodyworks Sensual Amber . Sensual Amber in itself is very musky -LRB- a fragrance I do n't usually like -RRB- but in combination with the flowery Poeme it is an aromatic feast for the senses .
 Girlfriend loved it . Went out and bought the lotion . Even her mom liked it . Scored some major points .
 ME ENCANTA ESTE PERFUME PORQUE ES DE LOS POCOS QUE PERMANECEN DURANTE TODO EL DIA
 My wife has been using this same perfume for over 55 years -- it -LRB- and she -RRB- just seems to improve with age !
 My wife had dropped me very strong hints long ago that Poeme is her favorite perfume . She had never owned one , but had used her aunt 's once & fallen in love with it . When I gifted this to her she was beyond happy ! She absolutely loves the perfume and wears it almost every day.I 'm not a good writer , so even though I could n't write her a poem for her birthday , at least I could give her one !
 This is my wifes favorite , all I need to get out of the dog house , excelent product and service
 I have worn this perfume for years and have had so many compliments on how good I smell . I was very impressed with this product , it came wrapped and arrived within a few days .
 This perfume is irresistable for any man . It is not a cheap scent . If you are a perfume collector you will love it . It is well worth the price .
 The perfume arrived in a timely fashion and was undamaged . I always receive compliments when I wear this perfume . I wear it so often that I do n't even notice it myself anymore , but the compliments make me feel confident that those around me find it very pleasant .
 I think it 's ok , but it was a gift for my mother and she loves it , I think it 's a bit pricey , but she is worth it .
 POEME by Lancome EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 1.7 OZi love it -LRB- so does my wife -RRB- what more to say
 I had purchased this one time w/my mom , love this perfume , very soft and last long long to me , . Agreeded A
 This is a delightful scent , that I tried at a Macy 's counter and could n't believe the compliments I received while wearing it ! Found a good price on Amazon and just love having this one on my dresser !
 Good grades , good perfume for a woman , good idea for a gift . Nothing to envy to other fragrances in its class / style .
 I use a brow brush and stencil with this powder to fill in the brow . It works very nicely for the price .
 I really like this eye brow shadow . It goes on very easy and lasts all day . I was using Smashbox but it 's alot more expensive . The price for this is really great and works -LRB- for me -RRB- even better .
 I have reviewed the Neutrogena Original Formula facial bar and I rate the Unscented bar the same way except with little or no scent.It is simply the BEST SOAP I HAVE EVER USED , bar none!Neutrogena researchers and scientists have done it yet again !! Please keep up the fine work.RM Leal
 I 've used this product for 40 years . It is very gentle on the skin and environment . I like the soft fragrance that does not linger on my skin .
 This is a great way to buy Neutrogena fragrance-free cleansing bars . There are hard to find in Seattle . I just wish they carried the larger size .
 I have straight , somewhat thin Asian hair , and American Crew Forming Creme is one of the better products I 've used . Compared to other AC products I 've tried -LRB- Fiber , Pomade and Texture Creme -RRB- , Forming Creme has medium-strong hold -LRB- slightly less than Fiber , but stronger than Pomade or Texture Creme -RRB- , and medium shine -LRB- more than Fiber , less than Pomade -RRB- . The Forming Creme is a white , thick creme . Compared with Fiber , the closest product , it is easier to work with and apply . However , Forming Creme does not smell nearly as nice . It 's important only to use a little at a time ; otherwise it make hair look greasy and smell like the inside of a salon . When it dries it loses some hold but keeps hair natural looking.For short hair I 'd prefer Fiber , but Forming Creme is a good option for longer hair with more shine .
 This stuff works really well for me . I have super straight Asian hair . It keeps it under control without looking or feeling greasy/oily . Too bad it 's kind of expensive !
 I 've use this stuff for a few days and it 's already my favorite styling product so far . You do n't have to use much , just rub it between your hands and work into your hair , and it holds a general shape for hours without feeling stiff at all . It has maybe the best smell of American Crew 's classic line - smells like the kind of cream they put in donuts and pastries . It does n't leave my hair nearly a shiny as I expected , which I 'm sort of happy with . It 's a fairly matted look , maybe a little shin . Might be shinier if I used more , but I doubt I 'll ever need to . Great stuff .
 Love this product ... leaves your hair in place without feeling too stiff and does n't mat your hair .
 I have been using this product daily since 02 and I have to say that I could n't be happier with a hair product . I will not use anything else -LRB- even the imitations -RRB- . I have very thick hair and if I do n't put anything in , my wife tells me that I look like a cue tip -LRB- hey , I accept , its true ! -RRB- . I find that it works best to use a small amount of cream and work it into DRY hair and mold it into style . * Warning * I had an outdoor job while in college and whenever it rained , my hair would drip beads of white water and the product would come out . I guess this is to be expected , but fair warning that you may want to use something else on rainy days -LRB- like an umbrella ;-RRB- .
 Does what it says at a great Amazon price . A little goes a long way and does n't get greasy . Though your hair will be a bit sticky , not something you would want to run your hands though .
 I normally use the American Crew `` Fiber '' product line , but given that there seems to be a shortage of it these days I opted for the forming creme and love it . It 's a little goopy -LRB- be careful when you open it -RRB- , but the hold is great and it does n't look wet or rock hard all day .
 I have tried a number of styling products and I tend to find something wrong with all of them , except this one . The smell might be a bit strong , but overall it 's a good scent . This product does not dry and leave a haze or flakes , like some cheap products tend to do . It molds the hair very well with low shine . You can mold your hair in almost any direction and it will keep for an extended period of time . It usually does very well for me throughout the entire day . The best part for me is the low shine . I definitely recommend this product !
 It 's my first time using cream instead of mousse or gel . I like cream much better . That said , I have n't compared this to other brands . Sure , it 's a bit pricier , but it 's worth it . You get a quality product that does n't leave residue like most gels do , and it is much stronger than mousse . Be sure to use just a little , then add more ; this may appear to not suffice , but a little bit of a cream goes a long way . I 'll keep using this product . Only thing with Amazon is that I had to buy 2 , but that 's ok . This a good product ! I look slick , without being too pasty .
 There are very few `` his and her '' items in our bath area , but this is one of them - and a favorite!Bumble and Bumble 's Sumotech is a light yet strong-hold hair moulding compound . It 's perfect for those spikes that look great on many guys , and it 's great for keeping a curl or three in place , especially during these hot summer months.It 's a cinch to use - for me , as I use it only on a side curl or two , I simply work a dab through my fingers and apply to hair . Then , come rain , wind or temps in the 90s , those curls stay in place.Sumotech is fragrance free and not sticky like many sprays.In the Sumotech box is a fun card that lets you know just where you stand in the tech area - Hi = Computer , Lo = pencil ; Hi = DVD , Lo + Drive-in . You may be surprised by your areas of expertise , but not by the holding power of Sumotech !
 This is one of the greatest products I 've ever used to make short hair fun , pieced and modern looking . Unfortunately as I live nowhere close to a Bumble and Bumble salon , I started searching on-line . The product is great but Amazon 's price is way to high compared to everyone else . Buy it somewhere else .
 This is the best product ever ! I have n't found anything that does what it does . I only have to use a touch of this and it will lift or hold my hair however I want . Without having stiff or wet lookign hair . I ` ved used it on my very short hair and now I have medium short and it still does the trick . It 's a small container but it lasts a long time . I 've spent the same amount of money trying other palm aid type products and am yet to find anything that comes even close . The styling creme form B & B is a nice addition for a londer hair or to hold curls . I use the together . Sadly it can only be found online or in s few very select salons .
 Perfect ... . kills frizzies and holds style beautifully . It 's the only styling product I will use .
 My daughter in law asked for a caddy for all her irons and her hair dryer , and this one fits the bill nicely . It is easy to keep clean and does n't take up a lot of counter space .
 Like many women , I found that I had too many hair tools on my bathroom counter and was looking to find a way to control them . I was so glad I found this holder . It is very sturdy and holds all of curling irons and hairdryers I have . I feel much better about them not being a fire hazard now with them off the counter and secured . My cleaning lady commented on the product and asked where I purchased it . There is now one less on the market . Great purchase , no regrets .
 This appliance stand is VERY sturdy and easy to clean looks great and stays put I like it a lot . Would recommend to anyone who needs a stand for their tools at the salon or even for at home .
 Been looking for an organizer for quite some time . Bought one for me and my daughter and it fits the bill perfectly . Wish I had purchased the one with the outlet attached to it though , my mistake .
 This product is fantastic for use during grooming my show dogs and I also have a two way for myself in my home . It is wonderful to keep your curling irons and straighteners from coming into contact with something that could be harmed or melted during a dog show and it keeps all of your products together and within perfect reach while grooming .
 I have been using this for 5 yrs , I use it everyday , over my entire body . I have very sensitive skin and most lotions and oils make me break out or itch , even most sun screen . But , this is the only product that does not . And it leaves my skin so hydrated . It is hard to find in stores and when i find it I buy as many bottles as are on the shelf . Glad I have found on Amazon .
 I purchased this recently and tried out what everybody before me has suggested ... apply after bathing when skin is still wet , pat dry with a towel , and you 're good to go ! Just use a small amount because a little goes a long way , but I do n't see how it could be sticky unless you slather on a ridiculous amount . It 's much more effective than lotion , you use a lot less product , and it 's also roughly 10 times faster than lotioning your entire body . I highly recommend trying this for dry skin , maybe a couple times a week !
 I have been using this product for years as an eye makeup remover and love it . Never a reaction or a rash of any kind . Although as I say , I use it solely for an eye makeup remover and it works wonderfully . I have fair skin that 's pretty sensitive plus I wear contact lenses . No issues whatsoever ! I 'm here buying more today .
 This product is pure , gentle , soft-smelling wizardry that is guaranteed to cure the dryness from harsh indoor heat and cold winter weather.After your bath or shower , before you have totally dried off , use Johnsons Baby Oil Gel . Its guaranteed to lock in your skin 's natural moisture and the moisture from your bath!Start with a small amount , massaging it in , and add more as you need it . A little goes a long way . You might want to keep one in the kitchen as well . This product does wonders to save your hands after washing up the dishes.Before bed , apply it a bit more generously on your hands . Work it in well on your cuticles and nails . You will be amazed that this simple and very inexpensive product can do so much . The gel form is a definite plus -- no messy spills to contend with.On a whim , I also used a tiny bit of it on the ends of my long hair with excellent results . -LRB- No frizzies ! -RRB- This is a great value that I highly recommend .
 I could never figure why my hair was lifeless and difficult and my scalp constantly irritated . I then began my adventure into Sulfate Free shampoos . With each I tried , I saw improvement , but could n't use them overly long as they were all creamy , greasy and thick -LRB- Wen , Hair One , L'Oreal -RRB- . They were also expensive . I saw this mentioned in a hair forum and thought that I could n't go wrong for the price . Boy was I right ! The first shampoo left my hair feeling strange , and I thought this was n't going to work out well , but I kept on using it . I 'm glad I did n't give up . After the first week , it made all the difference in the world . I do shampoo daily . My hair is fine and thin , but this stuff has seemed to give it more life and body . I also do n't seem to be shedding as much hair . The best part ? My scalp is completely normal and happy . I mixed it up thin -LRB- 1 ounce concentrate to 8 ounces water -RRB- . Shake it well before using it . Pour it on generously.The cons ? Do n't expect a lather . It foams a little but not much . It is not a thick liquid so I end up pouring it directly from the bottle onto my head . You ca n't really catch it in your hand . It can be a little drying , so keep some gentle conditioner to use about once a week.The pros ? Healthy feeling tangle free hair . Healthy scalp . Nice Doublemint gum scent . And best of all ... Cheap !
 This product is by far the best one on the market , oops ... ` off the market ' , as it is not in production any longer . I use it year ` round out here in Vegas . It does n't leave any residue , is not oily , nor -LRB- perfumey ?? -RRB- , all of their new products are over-bearingly scented , why they stopped producing this I 'll never know ... ?! LOVE This Stuff !
 My mother and I have been using Hawaiian Tropic for about 20 years now . I used it as an after tan , which was excellent and my mother started using it as an every day , after shower lotion . It 's great !
 Hawaiian Tropics After Sun Lotion is an excellant product.I have used it for 33 years and have not found anothertotal body lotion that I like better . -- Olive Anderson
 This is the best cream ever I had been using this daily for the last 40 years please please start making it again . It has done wonders for my skin . Please Please bring it back all the new ones are not any good . Please Please bring it back.Thans
 been taking this to jamaica for years it WAS the best . bring it back soon because im leaving in jan. .
 This was by far the best Hawaiian Tropic product the company produced . I know for a fact that there are many loyal users that have used this product for decades -LRB- myself and family included -RRB- . For the company to discontinue a wonderful product with such a loyal user base is mind boggling to me . To make matters worse , the company now only produces the scented lotions which smell awful and do not hold tans or mostiourize as well . Bring this product back !!!!
 For 30 years , Hawaiian Tropic 's Aloe After SUN Moisturizer has been our family 's `` lotion of choice '' for use YEAR-ROUND . It 's the only moisturizing lotion we use . I even use it under makeup . We cannot/do not use products with a pungent fragrance ... it 's totally unnecessary for this product . Moisturizers with a fragrance -LRB- especially a pungent fragrance -RRB- usually irritate my eyes , but this product does not ... even when I pat it on around the eye area ! My family and I will not be purchasing your `` new , fragranced '' versions of Aloe After SUN Moisturizer ... Bring back the `` original '' product that we now can not find anywhere .
 I love Hawaiian Tropic Aloe Moisturizer . I have been trying to find it for about 2 years and no one had it . I am so glad that Amazon had it . I love the scent it smells like Florida . I use it as regular hand cream .
 I 've used this product for years and it 's getting harder to find in stores so I 'm thrilled to get it online at a good price .
 I am so in love with Hawaiian tropic products and this is no exception . Smells great and if you take the time to use this product twice a day you will hold on to your great tan for much longer without pealing . I have had more trouble finding this product because they had been pushing the gel which appears yucky to me ... so I had stocked up on this . If they ever decide to discontinue this I will be very , very sad !
 I live in an extremely low humidity state and suffer from eczema and ultra dry skin . All I did was scratch , break skin , and get all scabby . There was no let up . I just happened to mention this to a dear friend and she told me she uses Hawaiian Tropic Aloe After Sun Moisturizer and that I should give it a try . I ordered it and it took longer to get to me than I was told but once I got it , I was no longer upset at the late arrival ... because it WORKED for me . I switched from deodorant soap to an olive oil soap . That was a start but did n't solve the problem . When I added the Sun After , all my problems disappeared . I told my friend that she rocked and I will say the same thing about this product . I hope you have the same luck I did .
 This is simply the best after sun product on the market , to bad Hawiian Tropic has decided to discontinue this product . Buy it up , if you can still find it .
 I have used this lotion exclusively for many years as my everyday moisturizer . I like it better than any more expensive lotion I have tried . At 70 years old , I am constantly being told that I look much younger and my skin is younger looking . I know genes have a large role here , but I would n't change my lotion for anything . My normally dry skin never feels nor looks dry with Hawaiian Tropic Aloe Vera Lotion .
 It was at my door super fast and it 's exactly what I ordered when I could n't find them anywhere on the net . Even Hawaiian Tropic was out of stock . Thank You !
 I was very impressed by the service I received from Amazon and the Supplier . When the items were out of stock I was notified by e-mail and kept up to date of the progress of my order at all times .
 I have tried many many baby products on my 7 month old and this is by far the best . This is a non-fragrance item but it still has a touch of fragrance . It is wonderful though . I am NOT a fan of fragrance especially on my baby but this is so mild that it is delightful . It almost brings out the natural smell of the baby . The only setback is the price but it lasts a long time . This 6.8 oz . foaming bottle lasted me approximately 5 months and that was with a bath every night . A truly wonderful product .
 We love this product . It 's very gentle on baby 's skin and it smells good . It is is also easy to use -LRB- no need to open jars or twist caps -RRB- . My son loves it too .
 Great product . Smells great and cleaned well . Not worried about the propylparaben issue . So little , we breathe more carcinogens then the amount that 's in this product .
 Compared to other glosses which feel sticky , heavy or just like glue , and which actually taste not great and start to smell weird after a few uses , this one does not . I have had these for 8 years and their conditions are like new . The color may fades within , but the taste , smell and most importantly , the texture is intact . While it is hydrating and nourishing , -LRB- I use it in the winter and skying , and also when I have chapped lips due to extreme or change of weather -RRB- its feel is not heavy , it is quite light and liquid like so you only need a little and because of that it lasts longer . The color is very subtle and can be built up or just sheer . I highly recommend this product and I hope the company produces these more in mass because this is a true lip gloss not lip glue .
 Bonne Bell VitaGloss20 `` A Splash of Color '' in Sheer Strawberry is a great , inexpensive little beauty product . For starters , it 's cheap ! Secondly , it really moisturizes your lips , adds shine and just `` a splash '' of color . The marketing team at Bonne Bell does n't lie ! It 's great for wearing in the day or out on the town , in the evening . It 's subtle and is n't overpowering with its color . Also , it does n't last very long -- perhaps the only downside ! That 's only because it tastes so good you 'll want to eat it .
 its a very nice brush . i brush my hair even when i dont need to cuz it feel so good on my head . the bristles are nice and hard , but dont damage your scalp . awesome brush .
 This is a superb hair brush . It massages the scalp , keeping it healthy and distributing oils evenly . It detangles effectively and painlessly . What more can you ask of a hair brush !?
 My hair gets very easily knotted , and I needed a good brush to detangle . This brush is perfect for that . It adds volume -LRB- be careful if you have fairly frizzy hair , though ! You must keep smoothing it while brushing ! -RRB- and gets through knots quickly and with ease.It also came with two hair ties ; one silver and one black . They are soft and thick , and absolutely wonderful for my thick hair ! An excellent deal .
 i have this brush and i use it everyday . really smooths your hair and is comfortable on you scalp . highly recommend . i 've had this for half a year and still works perfectly . but if you want this for volume in your hair it wont work
 Bought this for my wife . She has really thick hair , that gets easily tangled . She loves this hairbrush . It is very soft on her scalp and is very effective at dispatching tangles .
 This is a great brush . It quickly and fairly easily gets out tangles and smooths the hair . It seems very sturdy and I anticipate it will last for a while . I down graded it one star because it does not put hair into a smooth pony tail at all . It has been nearly impossible for me to get the hair pulled back and smooth for a bun or pony tail . I end up having to use a comb over my entire head once I get it pulled back . It does smooth loose hair very nicely .
 I have been using this brush for the last 3 years . It is still in great condition . I am surprised by its durability . Highly recommended . Will buy again if it ever needs to be replaced .
 This brush has held up well and does n't scratch my scalp , which is why I bought it .
 Does the job well , is a really nice brush . Has a really soft hanfle , and gets the tangles out ! Its a really good price for what you get .
 I bought this brush 2 years ago because of the price . It still is like brand new and is well worth it 's price .
 This is a nice brush . With that said , its a brush . It brushes smoothly and it does the job . My whole family uses it , adults , kids - boys , girls
 This brush does what I need it to do without hurting my scalp or painfully pulling out my hair . In fact , it feels rather nice on my scalp . Purchasing from Amazon was a better deal than any of the local drug or beauty stores by a few dollars . Its a little difficult to clean , but its sturdy enough to withstand pulling all the hair and product buildup.Bottom line
 I 've used this brush for years . I love it . No pulls or snags on my fine , easily-tangled hair . It 's my favorite . I have two right now .
 I really like this brush but probably would n't have bought it if it had n't come free with my other hair purchase .
 I bought this Magic Focus magnifying mirror after trying countless others . This is the only mirror you will ever need ! Now , I can see -- without glasses -- to be able to apply my makeup flawlessly.The Magic Focus Magnifying mirror is different from other magnifying mirrors , in that it is distortion free . You move it away from your eyes until you can see yourself perfectly in the mirror . You will never need to purchase another mirror . There is no need to go higher in magnification as you age . You just move the mirror until your face comes perfectly into view . I love this mirror !!! You will too !
 I love this product ! It 's perfect for any facial work ; makeup , tweezing , etc.Magic Focus big eyes mirror - BE202 Standing Vanity 4 ''
 I 've used magnifying mirrors for years but this Big Eye Mirror has the best optics and clearest image . Its not the 2x , 5x , 10x that counts it 's the quality of the optics .
 Great tool for grooming eyebrows and applying makeup . This is one was for a gift as the recipient had used mine and wanted one .
 I 've had one of these for years & have given one to each of my grandkids . I -LRB- and they -RRB- love it . Even the boys and young kids . The younger kids like to look at things like their teeth and tongue . Boys like to see what 's in their eye or on their face & the young ladies love it to apply makeup.Great product & great company .
 I like every aspect of this product , except for having to continually bend the neck to get it where you really want and need it to be . And another problem , at times it will not stand on the stand because of the bend that you need .
 If you are looking for an inexpensive lipgloss that give you high levels of moisture and just a splash of color , I suggest you purchase Bonne Bell VitaGloss . I have this in raspberry , and it is perfect for the day or the evening -LRB- though , I have to say that you will need to re-apply it pretty frequently . It 's too dang tasty , and it does n't last ! -RRB- . What 's more , it is a little on the sticky side . Other than that , it 's a great , inexpensive cosmetic .
 Having seen one of these at my stylist , I bought this for personal use in my bathroom to hold my hot irons . It 's killer for those of us with limited bathroom counter space & a mane of hair that requires work each AM . It 's constructed of heavy guage metal & safe . The installation hardware that comes with it is suited for a rolling rack used by hair stylists . However , my boyfriend simply mounted a short piece of scrap floor molding from Home Depot on the edge of my bathroom counter that worked perfectly in creating a non-permanent place for this holder .
 We absolutely love this Dryer and 3-iron Holder in our bathroom ! It is exactly as described . It is exactly what we were looking for . It holds our blow dryer , 2 curling irons and a straightener .
 Worked very well for my wife in her shop . One or two of the screw holes were locaterd in a spot to make it very difficult to mount . I think I only used 2 of them because of this . Still worked well though
 I 'm over 30 and I suffer from ADULT ACNE , I 've tried so many products and sooner or later got disappointed from one or the other.when I first encountered MD skincare line , I was merely checking for a good product for my acne scaring at sephora store , so the guy suggested me the `` Alpha Beta Daily Face Peel '' -LRB- phase 1 + phase 2 -RRB- , when I saw the price I thought it was soooooooooooooo expensive but I then I figured I 'm gon na try it once only and see what 's the results like ... either this or pay way more money for an esthetician for several appointments.well , significant results showed within 3 days , my skin was clearer and even and radiant ... when suffering from ongoing adult acne clearly you have depency on the product even if you wo n't use it as much as often as you did on the 1st month -LRB- therefore I recommend to get the Alpha Beta Daily Face Peel on individual packets and not as in box application , because they will dry too fast ... -RRB- to make it clear for all , there 's nothing that can resolve acne for good , but in best case scenario , to control quiet WELL the acne so that you wo n't get `` ugly '' , nobody wants to become a `` public face with acne '' but rather carry this burden as a little secret of yours ... anyway , I run out of Alpha Beta Daily Face Peel and at those 3 weeks of using NOTHING , I did n't watch what I was eating and had a severe breakout again on my face , very ugly and oily ... and most of all depressing . so I ordered online the Alpha Beta Daily Face Peel + Hydra-Pure Antioxidant Firming Serum + All-Over Blemish Solution.for the meantime I went to the sephora store to get this Correct & Perfect Spot Treatment to calm my breakouts by the time I 'll receive my shipment order and let me tell you something , I was chocked to see how within less than 1/2 hour it flattened my blemish and the inflamation was gone ... really GONE.I swore to myself that I 'm gon na write a review to share my personal experience , about the line of MD skincare , I know it 's very expensive but the Correct & Perfect Spot Treatment is the lowest product they have on the line so it 's affordable , try it for yourself , each product is obviously designated for 1 or 2 specific things in the acne problem . that is why I 'd recommend few of the products on the line for someone who wants to resolve several acne problems at once and not just to calm the acne ... therefore the daily peel + the blemish solution + the Spot Treatment + the serum are all a must for ACNE people.each used as needed .
 This is a fairly good acne spot treatment and smells pretty OK for being Sulfur ! It usually zaps the zits while you sleep , but it is n't really preventative in anyway . I would suggest still using an all over acne medication underneath this !
 Great product . Remember to use very sparingly and you will have shiny looking hair .
 I have color-treated hair and it gets dry and dull-looking between colorings . I was looking for a product to give my hair some shine , and found this at a beauty supply store . I absolutely love it ! A few drops distributed on my damp hair gives my hair a really nice shine , plus , it makes it so smooth and easy to comb & style ! And it does n't add any weight or greasy feel . This product is a keeper for me .
 I do n't know why every woman does n't use this , I 've gotten tons of compliments since I started using it - makes one 's hair super shiney .
 This stuff really gets the red out of my cheeks . I love looking at an even complexion in the mirror . Shipped quickly and packaged well .
 Very nice works well with locks and makes life easy when it comes to searching for good product for my hair . I truly love this stuff .
 Loc Gro mixed with all the other Jamaican & Lime products are amazing!I am throwing out all my other products and filling my cabinet with these products . I have come home . Finally I have found the products I 've been looking for . Seriously , out with all the products under my cabinet . If it does n't say Jamaican & Lime it 's not staying in my house . Yes I 've been natural for seven years now . I have been searching for the product for me . No more searching ! I ca n't stop telling people about this product . I have all the people I know who are natural going to get this product . It 's hard to pick one I like the best , but If I had to I Especially like the moisturizer . I have been using the moisturizer for the jerry curl . Needless to say that dries something terrible after a few hours . I 've been secretly using the products I use to use when I had the jerry curl . But now I am out of the closet with this product . I also really like the Loc Gro . Wow . . It has a faint smell but only for a few minutes then that goes away . This product line does everything Wright . SinAmin Las Vegas
 This hand soap is exactly as it was described . It does not dry out my hands and is safe to use . I will recommend the product to those that prefer a natural form of liquid soap .
 ALLURE by CHANEL in one word is really `` alluring '' . The scent is feminine and sexy , not the cute floral kind . The smell is hard to describe , it is the type of perfume you can use as a signature scent because it is noticeable ... sweet , mildly spicy and lingers on .
 I was given this as a gift from my boyfriend . The only deal was that I could only wear this when I was with him . :o-RRB- It has such an intoxicating scent . I 've had strangers come up to me to ask what cologne I was wearing because it smells so good . Allure tends to last a long time -LRB- at least on me -RRB- . Chanel # 5 tends to fade off soon . You will not be disappointed with this purcahse .
 Pros
 Mmmmm ! The aroma of Allure ... Allure has been one of my Wife 's favorite perfumes or Eau de Toilette for 20 years ! I purchase it for her every Mothers Day . She has other favorites , but this tops them all . The aroma is energizing and will have an impact on your love life!Allure has become my favorite for her as well . So , if you are looking for the perfect gift for your Spouse of GF , then look at the different presentations that Allure has to offer and buy it ! You ca n't go wrong !!! RECOMENDED !
 I bought this product after growing my locs for over a year . I have used EVERYTHING !!! I then saw this product and decided to buy it . I like it , it holds style if u are really trying to achieve it . It helps you help ur locs . no product is a miracle worker but this product has totally changed my locs . I 'm very busy and do n't get to twist as often as i would like , i have been more proactive lately and notice the difference . my locs are 27 months old and look the better then they ever have . i have parts again !!!! When its wash time u may have to was ur hair a few times there is a lil build-up but it does not get flaky , and is not irritating . will be trying more of their products
 I am in the process of dreading my hair . I had dreadlocks a few years back and was using Knotty Boy products then , but their prices kept me from buying their stuff this time around.Pros
 Fantastic product and I highly recommend to those with dreads . Smells amazing without being over-powering and is n't greasy . Very satisfied . Giving it a four because it was a Christmas gift and came later than expected .
 Great scalp productThis product is not good for the hair of some cultures so when it is used there are natural issues . . Kinky YES straight no ! however all hair locks and some better than others . . I have worn locks since 1975 without cutting so you know where they are lolI choose to simply wash my hair and twist it with my fingers and oil my scalp . . My sons use all of the products but their hair does not look as good as mine . . Why ? LOCs are natural no help needed esp if your naturally nappy just twistPeaceps I am born in Angola
 I have no complaints - it came quickly in the mail , and held the locks together really well . Plus , it smells really good .
 Great product . Works very well for my son 's locs . It has a great smell and very well worth the price .
 I really like this brand `` Mango & Lime '' for my lock maintenance . I also use this on my daughter 's natural hair . My daughter is 4 she has horrible scalp.I have tried at least 50 different brands and products by now on my daughters head so i gave up !!! I was looking at some styles for my self one day and I saw a little girl on youtube that had her ahir locked and I had seen the progress of her hair growth . So I said if I lock my oldest daughter 's hair I will still have my youngest daughter hair to braid and style , her haid would n't be breaking or shedding from her constant scratching and it would just grow !!! So any way I locked her hair for 2 months KML I couldnt go throught with it ! Her locks were beautiful n everything but I just had to plait and bead it up . I only used the Mango & Lime stuff , thats the Locking Resistant Gel , the island oil it think . . not sure of the correct name , this Locking Creme Wax & the shampoo . Before my daughter hair was like a little off her shoulder , her scalp was a little damaged from the scatching and dry scalp but when i took the locks down her hair is almost in the middle of her back and her scalp was fine!So anyways I love this product and I am going to keep using them for myself and for my daughter even though she does n't have locks any more . *** About this Locking Creme Wax ... its really soft , light and has a soft scent . I mix it with the `` Resistant Locking Gel '' or some `` JAM '' when i 'm palm rolling then I go under the dryer ! It gives a soft conditioned look and feel to the lock while the `` Resistant Locking Gel '' or `` JAM '' holds and helps my locks to form properly .
 love the smell , the way it feels in my noodles , and everything else about this product ! Will buy again in the future .
 I have been using hot sauce for 3 years . This product works wonderful for keeping the hair moisturized when blowdrying . It is a great protector from the high heat of the FHI blowdryer . Unlike the other reviewer , I do n't use Hot Sauce for flat ironing because i believe the hair should n't be coated with anything while using the flat iron . Excess product on the hair burns and sticks to the flat iron and damages the styling tool . Instead , I use add a small amount of smoothing serum and shine serum to the Hot Sauce and add to damp hair from root to tip then blow dry with FHI Pro 2000 dryer and flat iron with FHI Platform iron . I am african american with very thick , natural hair . This stuff is a God sent ! wish i could upload a photo to show the magic this stuff is capable of !
 I really like this product . I noticed inmediately how smooth my hair was as I used my flat iron . My hair feels soft and is shiny .
 Great product if you have short hair that is in need of heat styling weekly such as mine ! I am obsessed with Rihanna 's hair chameleon styles , so this product is great if you also like that short , funky and trendy spot on look !
 I usually dont write reviews ... but I love this product so much that I felt like I should . This stuff has literally transformed my hair . My hair is very thick and wavy . My usual routine is to blow dry my hair then straighten it with a flat iron . My hair usually suffers EXTREMELY bad from using so much heat all the time , does n't matter what I 've tried nothing has worked like this stuff . Usually no matter what I do my ends are VERY dry , much like straw , and VERY split . lol Right before I got this product I went out and got about 2 inches cut off my hair to get all the dead off . I 've had this stuff about 3 weeks now , and let me say my ENDS are like silk ! I NEVER thought I would ACTUALLY SAY THAT !!!!! Sure it is a little pricey , but SO WORTH IT !!! Before I got this product I read a lot of reviews on different websites and such , and the people that seemed to be unhappy with it DID NOT follow the directions ! It clearly states on the bottle to blow dry after letting the product sit for 1 minute . I 've read a reviews where people let their hair air dry then they straightened , and were NOT happy with this product . And because of that I think blow drying plays a huge factor in the way this stuff works . I could be wrong ? But just saying . lol Anyway , I HIGHLY recommend this product ! Especially if you constantly suffer from split ends , dry/damaged hair like I did ! But I would recommend getting your hair cut/trimmed first , starting over fresh and getting all the dead/damaged ends off is always a good idea . I 'm not sure how well this stuff covers up split ends -LRB- do n't think there is a cure for that , yet . lol -RRB- but this stuff is AMAZING at preventing them !!! : -RRB-
 ive been using this product for over a year and honestly i really cant say 1 negative thing about it , my hair feels silky soft and its really sleek , and it doesnt make ur hair oily or heavy . i would highly recommend this product for anyone who flat irons their hair .
 I just got through flat ironing my hair with FHI hot sauce and it worked wonders ! My hair was so dry , dull and limp before I put the hot sauce in it . After I flat ironed my hair with the hot sauce , it now looks healthy and vibrant . Hot sauce is definitely worth every penny . It will be a keeper for me !
 My first bottle of FHI Heat Sauce did not work properly . The pump did n't dispense , so I contacted Omni . After following their advice and pumping for over a minute , I finally gave up . This is apparently a new pump design that works on pressure rather than the old-fashioned straw . Omni was quick to respond and sent me a replacement right away . The new one needed to be pumped several times before it was `` primed '' enough to dispense . It initially came out in fits and starts , but it finally worked . Thanks Omni for the quick response and no nonsense service .
 My hair was a scare crow rats nest ! I have all the best products for frizz and straightening . After using FHI , all products went in the trash and to friends . This has made my hair so healthy -- and so pretty . I get compliments daily -- It also straightens my hair better than any straightner -- I wo n't do without it . I LOVE IT !
 I do n't understand why hair products cost so much . However ; this product is excellent.I will continue to purchase it even at such an inflated cost .
 Inexpensive product that made my hair very smooth for flat ironing , I highly recommend , loved it . I am going to order it again . If you order , buy two , it 's not very big and you certainly do n't want to run out since you will be instantly hooked .
 For the first time , my straightened hair has body thanks to this product . Previous products left my hair lifeless - this left it bouncy and shiny - all day -LRB- yet still pin straight ! -RRB- . No product residue ; smells nice ; cut straightening time by half . Love it !!
 This stuff is GREAT ! Because my hair is so thick , I have to use a little more but that 's okay . And for the price I got it at , it makes it even better ! I highly recommend HOT SAUCE for your hair !
 I love this product ! It works great on thick hair . I especially love the fast shipping from `` merchandise '' .
 This product must be for caucasian folks because it certainly did nothing for my black ethnic hair . After reading all the reviews on it I just had to have it . I got it and first of all you got to use a whole lot just to cover the hair and it does not make it shine . I do n't know if I was using it with a curling iron and should have tried it with a flat iron but it should have produced the same results . I will try it with a flat iron and see what happens but until then , this product does not work for nothing .
 If you could only see my hair . If you could feel it . If you had seen my hair without Hot Sauce.Okay , the low-down
 Wow ! So I bought this in addition to my FHI flat-iron just to try it out . It is amazing . I am African-American with tightly-curled natural hair that I usually wear straight . I did n't use a small amount for my entire head , rather , I use teeny tiny amounts for each section that I flat ironed . I literally squeeze some Hot Sauce on the edge of my bathroom sink , lightly touch my index finger to it , rub my index and my thumb together and rub it up and down the section that I 'm about to flat iron . Then I let it sit for a 60 sections and then flat iron that section.A lot less time consuming than it sounds and the results last forever , even in the face of humidity .
 I bought this with my FHI pro 2000 dryer . At the same time , I bought a 2oz . bottle of CHI silk infusion to comparison test . First of all , I love that FHI 's formula is based off of natural ingredients like jojoba , whereas CHI 's first ingredient is a silicone . I 'm not a die-hard advocate of natural products , but if they perform similarly , I definitely prefer the natural version . So one point for FHI hot sauce.Next , the consistency of FHI 's is like a hand lotion . It 's very lightweight , which is good if you 're afraid of appearing greasy . It 's hard to overuse FHI , whereas with CHI silk infusion you have to be extremely careful the amount you use . But I felt with CHI 's oil-like consistency , it was easier to spread all over my hair . So one point for CHI.Now the most important aspect , the results . Both FHI and CHI made my hair noticeably silkier , protected my hair well from the flat iron , but did n't seem to make my hair much shinier . At least , there was no gloss finish.Lastly , the smell of FHI hot sauce was hands down better than CHI silk infusion . CHI gave me a migraine once when I used a tiny bit too much ! So overall , I highly recommend FHI hot sauce . It is a little pricey , but an excellent product !
 This product has worked wonders for my hair . I do n't usually write reviews for products but I feel compelled to do so . I am African American with relaxed hair in 10th week . After putting the product on my hair as directed and getting fabulous results . I 'm rethinking the touch up I have scheduled with my stylist and may go natural now since the product has made my hair soooooo soft from tip to root , no kidding ! Ps . FHI flat irons are awesome also , I know because I used to be a CHI user .
 HOT !!! Is what describes the FHI Hot Sauce . When my hair returned after chemotherapy I decided not to chemically relax the hair to straighten . I am Afro-American and my virgin hair returned very curly but I wanted to straighten without chemicals to change it up a bit . I went online and reviewed the FHI Hotsauce as an addition to the flat iron process . I purchased the product which came from Folica through -LSB- ... -RSB- and I received it quickly . A little expensive but worth it for me . I put it on before I blow dry and a very small amount on each section I flat iron and my hair is left so soft and silky . In addition , I wrap my hair every night . Thanks FHI Hot Sauce , -LSB- ... -RSB- and Folica
 I have tried other products before but they left me hair filmy . Hot sauce doesnt do that and has protected my hair from the flat Iron .
 I wholeheartedly agree with another reviewer that this product is awesome ! It leaves my hair soft , shiny , sleek and smooth with not a trace of dryness or frizziness . Pair it with the T3 Tourmaline Featherweight hairdryer and you 'll have salon quality hair . Highly recommend !
 This product makes my hair silkier and shinier when I use it . I bought a SuperStar hair straightener some time back and it came with a 4oz sample of the hot sauce . I tried it and loved the way it made my hair feel . Try it , you 'll love it .
 This product is amazing , I usually only try to torture my hair w/a my flat iron just once a week , but after using this just once and saw how beautiful my hair looked I started doing it once or twice a day . It claims to improve your hair over time and although I wish that was true , I am to scared to try . After everday use of my flat iron even w / this product my hair started feeling damaged and I had to get a hair cut . I still LOVE this product I am just going back to using heat on my hair just once a week or once every two weeks but this will be the product I use w / it : - -RRB-
 Amazing stuff . I use it along with the FHI nano technology platform and have already turned a few other people onto it including my mom . It seems to work well with different irons -LRB- my mom has the HAI classic convertible -RRB- as well as different hair types . I have curly `` mixed hair '' of medium thickness no highlights while my mother has slightly wavy fine hair with highlights . QUALITY PRODUCT !
 Ok so let me first give you all a brief description of my hair.I have very thick long wavy hair -LRB- naturally -RRB- , but I do occationally straighten it with a flat iron . When I leave it natural -LRB- wavy -RRB- , I let it air dry then put a little gel in it to keep it from frizzing up -LRB- which it soooo will if I dont put anything in it -RRB- . It tends to look very dry even though I have nice waves . When I straighten it with a flat iron my ends look fried , but for the most part the rest of my hair will have an ok shine to it -LRB- nothing too amazing -RRB- . After a couple of years of coloring my hair -LRB- base color + full highlights -RRB- , it 's ruined the texture I used to have . I ca n't blow dry it to save my life cause I have entirely too much hair , and I have yet to master the curling iron to create lose curls . Until NOW ... Ok soo , it says to apply a dimes worth . Since i have so much hair I made a part down the middle and applied about a nickles worth to each side -LRB- from root to tip -RRB- . I decided to see if it would help me defeat the blow dryer and curling iron.Mission # 1
 I like the product . I have naturally curly hair and this makes it shinny and soft when I straighten it . The bottle is tiny , 2oz .
 Wow , this stuff works well . I have thick , dry , chemically-treated hair , and I have used everything from BioSilk , KMS , to Chi - you name it , I 've used it - with no real results . This actually leaves my hair healthy looking after daily blow drying and straightening . Usually , the ends of my hair look dry and fried after I run thru it with the straighter , but not since I have started using Fhi Hot Sauce.I 've only used this product a few times so I have yet to benefit from the long term results that one is suppose to gain from this product , but so far I am impressed .
 I really enjoy how this product makes my hair feel . I bleach and color my hair regularly and Hot Sauce makes my hair feel lustrous and smooth . My split ends do not show . My hair stylist was amazed at how great my hair looks and how healthy it appears . Great product .
 This cream worked great with my fhi iron , the perfect match , I could tell it penetrated my hair instead of laying on top of it , a recommended product if you are going to flat iron your hair , you 'll love the look and feel .
 This does n't have a particular scent so its great for those who are senstitive to perfumes . This really is an amazing moisturizer for the body that you 'll start to notice a difference within just a few days of using this .
 I have lizard skin -LRB- over 65 -RRB- and have tried all the lotions in stores -- my daughter gave me some of this to try -- it was unbelievable -- gave a nice sheen , made my legs and arms feel 1000 % improved -- I still order it and will continue use -- you want the best -- try this ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
 Using this lotion in the winter keeps my skin feeling moisturized and soft . Even on the rough elbows ! It is great lotion for everyday and it really sinks in .
 I 've been using this cream for years . My body is sensitive to most body creams but Keihl 's suits me perfectly .
 I have been using Formula 405 for over 20 years and have no desire to use anything else . It is like the Fountain of Youth in a jar !
 I love it ! it 's a wonderful mosturizer . My mom has used this for over 40 years and now I do . It 's a very light formula that definitely smooths your skin and you can feel this from day one.The only problem that I face is that it 's not available as easily as it used to so when I find it I stock up for both my mom and me .
 This product was recommended to me by my Dermatologist for my hands because they get so cracked in the wintertime . Since this product can no longer be found in pharmacies , I appreciate you carrying it so that I can continue to purchase it . My whole family uses it and we remain crack-free -LRB- at least with our hands ! -RRB- . Thank you .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I love this iron . It gets hot FAST and works really well . Does n't burn my hair .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND IT 'S MY FAVORITE COLOR . FAST SHIPPING AND I AM VERY HAPPY WITH HOW FAST IT HEATS UP . GREAT PRODUCT .
 This is such a feminine smelling lotion . I use it in additon to Amarige parfum . I get MANY compliments !
 Have used it twice , once in the shower and once in tub . It has a mild lavender aroma which I found refreshing and smelled good . Would buy this product again .
 this is a great product . it lasts over a month or two ... great for my short hair style . it doesnot let my hair break when i relax my hair . cant live without . vibrant colour . be sure to deep condition after colouring
 We live in an area that only stocks dark blond and darker colors . I am very happy I can get this and a great price .
 I am having trouble finding my Clairol Natural Instincts color in stores locally . Having to order online to get color .
 I use this product in `` Nutmeg '' -LRB- AKA `` dark brown '' -RRB- and find that it leaves my hair in very good condition , especially when I use the included conditioner . It 's not a very dark black-brown , just a regular dark brunette.I do find , however , that to cover the gray , I need to leave it on my hair for at least 20 minutes . -LRB- I 've left it as long as 25 with no adverse effects . -RRB- By the way , I once decided to go a little lighter and tried the `` medium brown '' and found that did not cover the gray at all ! When I wrote to Clairol to complain , they were nice enough to send me a coupon so that I could replace it with my old color !
 I think it is a very good productI recamend it to friendsI have been buying this product for a very long time
 A natural looking color for the fellow who used to be a dark blonde . I find this color absent of the obscene red highlights that made me look like Lucille Ball ! Also , if you want to wash it out , it does lighten up after numerous shampooings .
 As my brown hair hair has gone grayer , I needed a lighter color so the roots would be less noticeable , The at-home dyes tend to be brassy and reddish , but not this one ! It is a very natural , beachy blonde . Another bonus is that the dye does n't leave a dye mark on my skin from the overspread as I am trying to get all the hair that forms my hairline . People seemed to really like the color , because I received a lot of compliments from friends and family . It comes with a color-renewal packet that actually worked , much to my delighted surprise . Buying this 3-pack from Amazon is the most economical way to purchase this amazing product . I have found this particular color hard to find in the stores , so it is nice to buy it with a few clicks . I keep it on my wish list so I can simply add it to my cart whenever I need to , without having to search the entire site.I also highly recommend Amazon Prime . It paid for itself the first month , considering the cost of gas , wear and tear on the car , travel time , as well as reducing wait time , standing in lines , travel risk , etc. . It 's so fun to get a package in the mail a couple times a week , too !
 I have used this color for several years . I have moved to a new area and my local stores do not carry this color so , i ordered on-line . It arrived quickly and was just as I expected . I have tried another brand of a dark blond non-permanent color and was not as happy .
 i got this last week or a week ago i believe , it came in a timely fashion , thank you to the seller ... although when i opened the box the packaging of the hair color -LRB- box -RRB- threw me off , first i thought it was wrong but the coloring of the box was brown n beige oppose to green like on the picture on amazon but it was the same and right product just different coloring on box , i used it last night , omg loved it the color came out so nice and rich ... thank u to the seller for shipping this to me so quick .
 Although Natural Instincts reps say 006 Linen is one of their more popular colors , I can no longer find in in central Florida . Now my sole source is Amazon . Even my hairdresser comments that the color looks very natural on me and its application is so simple .
 Since finally getting my hair back after losing it all during chemo , I 've been very leery of using ANY type of hair colorant to get rid of my gray . I tried a henna colorant that was very good for my hair , but it lasted such a short time -LRB- less than 2 weeks -RRB- that I felt compelled to try a more permanent type of colorant . This color -LRB- Ebony Mocha -RRB- was perfect for my `` almost black '' natural hair color , was quite easy to use , did not burn in any way , nor did it stink to high-heaven . I left it on my hair the requisite 10 minutes and it colored my gray beautifully . It also does not give a flat color ; it has some depth & highlights to it as well . The included conditioner made my hair feel very silky & added some shine . I was terrified it would burn & damage my hair , but it feels & looks healthier than before I used it . As this is technically a `` semi-permanent '' colorant , it remains to be seen how long it will last .
 Technically , this hair color is supposed to fade over time/shampoos , but be aware that it really does n't all that much . I have light ash-brown hair with some grey , and I used to color it black until that began to look too harsh against my older skin . Then I moved to a dark brown and now I 'm slowly changing to this light brown . A full changeover in shades takes about a year , so you do want to lighten the shade you use very gradually if you wish to avoid the appearance of horizontal bands of color . These semipermanent dyes are great for making this sort of transition , rather than springing for a full salon changeover in color and damaging your hair in the bargain . But you have to be patient , and make sure you do n't get your shades mixed up!Pecan has slight reddish tones , but not as pronounced as the other light browns in this line . One nice feature is that the color does fade a little with shampooing , and so you do n't get as a pronounced a light-roots effect in between colorings .
 I have mousy light brown hair that was once dark blond with a hint of red . Clairol Natural Instincts Golden Honey looks great on my hair . It is a little red in the right light , but also looks like a rich light brown . It adds a lot of life to my hair . I get so many compliments on the color . Everyone likes that it has a little red , but it is not over powering . As the color fades , like all Demi-Permanent hair color , it gets lighter -LRB- blonder on my hair , -RRB- but it is still really pretty . This color is next to impossible to find in anywhere in town , so I hope it will continue to be available on Amazon .
 I found this product about 7 months ago . it 's the exact color result I had been looking for . I 've been using permanent dye for years and was n't getting a consitant color for whatever reasons . After doing research it occurred to me that all i was really after was having a red ontop of my natural shade . After buying a box of this brand I called the company to double check something -LRB- something I do when ever I switch brands now because of bad experiences -RRB- and I was actually told that this product is NOT recommended for use over permante hair dye . -LRB- not just henna and metalics like it says on the leaflet -RRB- . that they recommend you wait until your hair grows out before use . And that they ca n't guarentee it wo n't cause hair breakage if used over past permanent hair dyes . So for a few months the box sat unused . I ended up trying it anyway , I LOVE the color . It 's the best red I 've been able to find and it 's consistant.HOWEVER , I 've had to buy a much better conditioner in order to continue to use the product . if I do n't my hair becomes too dry and has more breakage . i ca n't stop dying my hair but do n't want to continue to wreck my roots if I do n't have to , So I am continueing with this product vs a level 3 . The hair that was never dyed with permant color -LRB- 6 months of roots and bangs -RRB- is soft and not dry at all . So even though it does n't say it on the package the company recommends this for natural hair , call them and see for yourself . However with the right hair care you can still use this product .
 I love it . I just found the color I want to use forever . I 'm sick of using permanents since they are more damaging . I like to dye frequently to keep it a vibrant red . I 'm also sick of how permanents lighten hair , and how difficult it is to manage root growth and to keep an even color . -LRB- My ends get too dark from porosity -RRB- . My hair is getting fried and I need a healthier , long term solution that does n't involve henna.With Cinaberry my hair did n't turn out like the box depicts , but it 's probably because I only left it on for roughly 6 minutes , from beginning to finish , and my hair is pre-lightened from previous permanent treatments . I 'm also a natural redhead , so it 's easy for me to pick up a decent looking red , since I naturally have the right undertones for it - it 's just that my hair has turned real muddy brown since I hit 30 and I need help to give it back to that knockout red.I did n't want to leave it on any longer than 6 min total because , judging from the box , this carries purples tones and I did not want to grab too much of that . On my light auburn hair it came out a perfect red , far better than what I was expecting ... kinda like Christina Hendricks ' red , but maybe not as blondish ... just a hint of purple tone as to not make it look so orangey . It 's a true red red , a perfect balance of orange red and purple red , which I have NOT been able to successfully find in a semi-permanent until now . It 's as bright of a red as I can get and still keep it looking somewhat natural . -LRB- I 'm not looking to get a manic panic red going on -RRB- . It all depends on your current color , your natural color , and how long you leave it on . Your variable is how long you leave it on , so I would experiment with different times using test strands . The box says to leave it on from 10 minutes , but depending on what you are looking for you may want to change that around a bit.I 'll prolly have to dye it again in 2 -3 weeks if I want to keep it looking like this , since it is a semi-permanent , but to me , it 's worth it .
 As a woman who does not like permanent hair color , I prefer this product because it slowly rinses out and does not leave `` roots '' that are obvious . In particular , this color , Coastal Dune , matches my natural color and just lets me keep the gray out ! Many stores do not carry this color , so it is great to find a place on line where I can order it ... at a cheaper price , too !
 Love this product . Can never find it in stores . Its great to buy 3 at a time . I have use this color for the last 10 years .
 I was n't sure I wanted to color my hair again so went for semi-permanent . It is very affordable , easy , and very natural looking . I am pleased .
 I have been using Natural Instincts for years . Years ago I felt like the color was more permanent ... now it does seem to be only semi-permanent as I notice it fade much more quickly than it used to . Could be my aging hair . What I really like about this product is that my hair actually does feel softer and better conditioned after I dye is , as they say on the TV commercial . I also like that it comes with a generous tube of conditioner that for me , actually lasts longer than the color itself . I use the conditioner twice a week instead of once a week , and when I 'm out of conditioner then I color again .
 It is excellent . My mother has over 6 years using it and your hair is healthy .
 I wanted a medium reddish brown that did n't fade to bright red before recoloring . This shade is just about perfect for me - maybe a little dark the first week , but very close , and by the time I 'm ready to recolor -LRB- 3-4 weeks -RRB- , it 's lighter but still not garish . My hair is now almost totally white , which probably makes a big difference in how it looks - if your hair is brown , the red in this shade might not come out enough .
 I love this color . It 's not as orange as the other reds in the Natural Instincts line , and while the `` golden '' part is kind of a stretch , it does rinse out gracefully over my gray . I hope Clairol does n't discontinue this one !
 Excellent product . I use it all the time . I would recommend to all those who like level 2 hair color .
 The price is better than stores , the product works well and lasts a reasonably long time -LRB- a month or so -RRB- without doing a lot of damage . Adds some volume without ruining my hair . Simple to use . I have n't tried the other semi-permanent colorings but I 'm very happy with this one . I do n't have a lot of gray , not sure if it works well for that .
 I use light ash brown for my dark brown hair . I use it only on the grays . I am 46 and graying slowly however some spots tend to stick out more then others . I pick thru my hair and use bobby pins to pull out the gray spots . Then I mix one tablespoon of each of the color mixes into a dish and use that small amount on only my grays . The color matches my hair great . In the end its perfect and after a couple washes my grey look like highlights . That 's the look IM after . . I hate that complete colored look you get from dying your whole head so I improvise . . LOL . . I love the look and the highlights are perfect . My grays still show in some places but they do n't stand out.This product makes my hair so shiny and healthy . I do n't know how it will work out when I 'm grayer . I have used this natural instincts for years . It is natural and healthy on your hair for it being color . No harsh hair killing stinky stuff . . update . . i cant find ash brown coloring at all now . . no more ash colors : -LRB-
 It is an excellent product , but it is hard to find my favorite color in the normal stores . It 's worth the hassle of ordering it though . I get compliments on my hair color from people I do n't know all the time . I use SPICE TEA with dark brown hair , It gives me red highlights !
 Bought this for my mom as she does not know how to buy on line . I have also been using the same product but of a different shade for my gray . As far as I know , Clairol is the only brand that has a Level 2 hair coloring kit which means that the product does not contain amonia and a lower level of peroxide , both of which fasten the color permanently but harmful to one 's health and have a strong odor . I do n't shampoo everyday so `` fading '' color is not an issue for me . I also leave the coloring on for about 15 minutes longer than the recommended time of 20 minutes so the color would not wash out as easily . By the time the color `` fades away '' to a lighter shade , the new growth requires coloring again anyway -LRB- about 5-6 weeks for me -RRB- . The best part is that after each coloring , my hair looks shinier and healthier because I think the coloring contains a conditioner so your hair is being conditioned for as long as the coloring stays on your hair .
 The color is much more vibrant than last time , and there is no two week refesher rinse . I think what I got must be from an old lot , and I would gladly take more of these .
 I have n't been able to find this color in any store around here for a long time . I found it on Amazon.com and was so happy ! People ca n't tell I even color my hair when I use this color , as it just covers the gray and is the same color as the rest of my hair . Thank you amazon !
 I used the Color Wash from the Dark Blonde box of Natural Instincts bought in Feb of 2012 and it worked fine on my honey hued hair . I almost did n't try it because of all the bad reviews I had read . But I decided to try one box worth of colorwash on my long hair -LRB- which is naturally dark brown , but is highlighted blonde at the salon 1-3x a year and I streak in dark cool blonde platnum shades at home every six weeks the rest of the time -RRB- . I used one box of the Dark Cool Blonde with a cap to streak in and tone down my 3 month old blonde highlights and blend in my roots . After four weeks , PRIOR to the color wash , my hair definately had an orange tone more so than normal . The color wash was n't what tinted it orange , it 's the product . So I had orange hair with dark roots and light ends . I used one color wash packet -LRB- I would need two boxes to color my entire head -RRB- and left it on for 5-6 minutes and it blended the three colors in my hair together nicely and subtley more like a glaze .
 I have colored my hair with # 10 , Sandalwood , for years with fabulous , long-lasting results . This new version seems to be equally excellent . Be sure to apply to clean , DRY hair - the previous formula specified application to clean , DAMP hair . Do n't be shocked at the color of the refresher packet - with Sandalwood it is ORANGE - the color booster is very rich and effective . Natural Instincts is the best
 I like to use the temporary colors so I do n't have roots or have to worry about maintenance . I like to add some color to my hair here and there but I 'm busy and do n't want to have to worry about follow up . I have not yet had to do a 2 week spruce up , this seems to be a recent change . I love the Egyptian Plum color , it adds a bit of burgundy without going overboard or being too much shock value for a working professional . My job puts me in court and I do n't want to look like a spunky 15 year old in front of a judge so it 's colorful but subtle , which is what I was looking for.I 'm cheap and shop around . 3 boxes for $ 20 is a great deal , about a 3 for the price of 2 bargain .
 I bought this hair color because I have not been able to find it in stores . I have used this nutmeg color for years and it 's the closest color I have found to my dark brown hair , other colors turn my hair reddish . It coveres grey okay and lasts about a month .
 Holy mac , I am super pleased with the range of colors available and especially the savings under the subscribe and save program . This product is also great as it is 10 minutes maximum , no dangerous chemicals -LRB- no peroxide or ammonia -RRB- which means this is not a Level 3 graded coloring . the colors are very good and my scape is not left itchy after use and easy to rinse off.I am buying this is because it is my preferred brand and now it has become a whole lot easier to buy
 I 've used the Golden Cappucino color for a long time and I was worried , when I saw the new packaging , that the product would be different too . Even if you 've used this before , READ the directions ! Now they say to apply to DRY hair . I did n't read first , so I wet mine . That 's probably why -- the one time I used this -- it seemed thinner and dripped more . Also , color was still coming out when I wet my hair the next morning , so you may need more water to rinse this out . I 'll have to see if that happens again . The color is dark , with a little hint of some reddish brown . Maybe over time , that lightens ; right now there 's nothing `` golden '' about it . On the plus side , the enclosed conditioner is still very nice ; and now you get a second packet of conditioner to use two weeks later .
 The very first time I dyed my hair was 7 or 8 years ago and I used Cinnaberry . I loved it so much I have NEVER even tried another hair dye since then.It 's really affordable and a great value for the price . I have really long -LRB- almost to the bottom of my back -RRB- curly , thick hair and one bottle is enough.The process is really easy and the directions are clear and understandable . I am able to dye my hair alone with this , versus needing somebody else 's help . It smells really great while dyeing , and afterwards , too . While walking around with the dye setting , my boyfriend commented I smelled `` like blueberries . '' - It 's not chemical smelling at all.My hair is medium to dark brown and this makes it slightly darker in areas , but really well lit in other areas . It catches flashes of red , gold , and browns - really making it an interesting color . I always get compliments on it . I also like that it is a 28 day wash out b/c it just fades away over time , instead of making root touch ups and maintenance necessary . It has always lasted in my hair about 6 weeks , though . Perhaps b/c I do n't wash my hair everyday , but I 've found it really holds up.It leaves your hair REALLY shiny and silky . I have curly , coarse hair and it 's usually it 's healthiest after I 've dyed it with this and used the enclosed conditioner . They give you enough for multiple shampoos , also , which is helpful.The only negative I can think of is that it is impossible to `` rinse until water runs clear . '' This may result in some light colored towels or pillowcases to have some slight staining . But that 's to be expected with any wash out haircolor - right ? I just put aside some of our raggedy linens for the dyeing process so nothing good gets ruined .
 I have naturally dark blonde/light brown hair with a lot of red undertones . My hair easily turns brassy , and so I have to be cautious when coloring it . Sandalwood is perfect for my hair type . It never gives me any brassiness whatsoever , and the color is very natural looking . I have about 10 % gray , and while it does n't completely cover it , it does make the gray blend in and look like soft highlights for about 1 to 11/2 months . After that I will start to see the gray showing up , and I know it 's time to color again . My hair always looks shiny and healthy after coloring . It also gives my hair some fullness because it deposits color on the hair , thereby making it appear thicker.As for the new formula , I actually prefer it to the old one because with the old one you had to wet your hair before applying the color . With the new formula , you apply it to dry hair which is more convenient . I have not noticed any difference in color results between the old formula and the new one . The two week refresher is an added bonus and will give your color a boost as it starts to fade.I hope they never stop making this color because I have n't found anything that compares !
 I absolutely love Natural Instincts products ! They were the original semi-permanent hair color producer and they still are the best !! For those who are wondering , semi-permanent is definitely they way to go . I have tried permanent hair color and it dries out your hair and leaves a line when your hair starts growing . :-LRB- Semi-perm slowly fades away after about 30 washes so there is no drastic change or awkward lines.As for this specific color , Navajo Bronze , it is my absolute favorite ! It took me about 3 or 4 experiments with other shades before I found this perfect one ! I used the old formula and I disagree with other reviewers that this one is bad . My hair has taken to this new formula the same way and the 2 week color refresher is nice !!! I always get complements on my hair color . I mean like every day !! People always ask if it 's natural , and I do n't mind telling them that yes , it 's natural , Natural Instincts !! Hehe !! People also comment on how it really brings out my blue eyes ! Other shades seem to wash your face out , but this highlights your greatest features!It also contains no ammonia and makes your hair feel and look silky smooth for weeks !! I love coloring my hair and I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to look and feel beautiful !!!
 Have any of you reading this ever ever used a hair dye and gone OMG this is the best smelling stuff ever !! NO !!! hair dye as rule is supposed to smell terrible and make you wonder why you keep doing this to yourself . . but this stuff the natural instincts on all things holy it smells so damn good . . I have never used temporary really I was always convinced permanent was better and as a result voila . . damage city . Well after my latest eff up with my hair . . ladies if your thinking about a feria power red . . avoid that booster bottle . . straight red dye does n't do anyone justice except ronald mcdonald ... anyways after that I color oopsed it of course it came up but it also somehow lightened my roots back to the bleached color from a few dyes ago . . do n't know why . . but I decided I have had it and just wanted a nice brown to cover up all the crap i 've done . . so I got the medium brown by natural instincts it is amazing . . I never thought anything could cover in 10 minutes and it smells like flowers or cotton candy I do n't know but I never ever in my 12 years of dying my hair ever said Omg this smells good . but it does and my hair is soo soft and shiny . . Love it , never ever going to use permanent again . oh but I wo n't be using the 2 week renewal thingy I have heard way too many complaints about it turning red and since i worked so hard to get red out that would greatly annoy me so yeah not using that but otherwise thrilled to peices!Oh and I will warn all the naysayers if your hair is porous if you 've got damaged or fried hair , it will grab this color like there is no tomorrow and it does look really dark but being that this is a temp color try not to panic it will fade out with a few washes . . I get tired of the `` surprised '' people who do n't get why it takes to their hair so dark . . all dyes come out darker when you first do them it will fade out though :-RRB- atleast it does with me just my opinion .
 I am kind of a beauty product snob , and CAN tell the difference between department store and drug store beauty products , and I had a pleasant experience with this product . I think just HOW red this comes out on you depends on the color you are dying over , it 'll be more subtle on darker hair for sure . Mine is anything but subtle -- it came out Angela-from-My-So-Called-Life-Red . I was looking for a bold change , so I do like it , but it looks anything but `` natural '' on me . Up until about a year ago I was high-end salon BLONDE for years , however balyage 4x/yr at $ 250 a pop started getting old , so I eased up until I had my natural color which turned out to be a mousy blondish brown with natural golden highlights , nice , but kinda boring . I read a lot of mixed reviews on Cinnaberry and was VERY nervous when the dye on my head started turning an eggplanty PURPLE , but went the 10 mins and rinsed & conditioned as directed . It did run clear for me after about 5 mins of rinsing , but I do have a hand-held shower nozzle so this probably rinses better than if you are just sticking your head under a tub faucet . I had no issues with rubbing off on my clothes or pillowcase , even though I put grubby ones on just in case . No skin staining or anything either , which I had problems with way back when I used to do at-home permanent dyes . I did plan ahead and self-tanned my face , decollette , and arms so I would n't look sickly , and now my blue eyes just POP . I was concerned about losing my natural `` tones & highlights , '' but there are definitely still contrasts , and I also worried it would be dull but it is very shiny & soft . I wash my hair every day , and I have a feeling this shade will hit its `` sweet spot '' in about a week , but it 's flashy and fun for now !
 Level one rinses only last a week or two before your original color pokes through again . Level 3 is a permanent rinse - so when your hair grows , the different color in your roots has a stark contrast . I love the Natural Instincts level 2 rinses . The color lasting power varies depening on the color of your natural hair and the color you select . I leave color on for over the maximum 20 minutes or it just wo n't take - but the color is truly natural in appearance and does n't look like some freakish tone - even when it fades after about 30 shampoos . It starts to gently fade at about the time different colored roots start showing , so you do n't get a stark difference - it just looks like your hair is changing colors on its own - slowly and gracefully - giving you a day or even a week to put off before coloring your hair again .
 After Natural Instincts changed the packaging and color names , I used the same number I always used , which was supposed to be the same as the old shade , and was shocked at results . Bright , intense brass . Nothing like the old version . It turns out that the new instructions were misleading . Do NOT use on DRY hair . Use ONLY ON DAMP HAIR . If you use on dry hair , your hair will absorb too much pigment , and it will be even worse if your hair is previously processed or has chlorine damage .
 Have used this product happily for years ... # 13 formerly called `` Suede '' . It is very gentle on my permed hair . You need to find a gentle shampoo that wo n't wash your color out too fast , though . I get a month out one application and I have quite a bit of grey ... I shampoo every other day.Now they came out with something new ... the color refresher packet . I finally got around to using it on my 3rd box -LRB- though I saved the packets from the others -RRB- . OMG ! Horrible !! It gave me Ronald McDonald , bright screamin ' orange hair . I 've shampoo-ed several times since and the orange tint is still lingering.I was worried when the contents of the refresher packet looked reddish , but since it was supplied with an ash brown shade of colorant I thought it would work out . WRONG !! I checked the other packets and sure enough they were all reddish as well . So I do n't believe it was a mistake . So beware the refresher packet .
 This is my wife 's analysis -LRB- I am a male and do not use these products -RRB- ; she says it is her favorite hair color product ; it does not damage hair , and it gives her the color that she likes . It is the only product that she uses to color her hair . She says it is really difficult to find this product in stores , so being able to get it on line makes life simpler for her . -LRB- Do you have that feeling that I am only the middleman in this review ? -RRB-
 My natural hair color is a level 6 dark neutral blonde . After having my hair salon highlighted for years I decided to try and do it myself at home . After bleaching my roots I took one box of natural instincts light blonde and one box of dark blonde and mixed them together . The mixture looks honey colored when applying to the hair and gives the most natural beige blonde color . I highly recommend Natural Instincts ! Once you find the right color you 'll be very pleased with the results . On a side note I read so many negative reviews about the two week color refresher that I tossed it out and did n't attempt to experiment with it . My color results are very natural looking and the formula has a mild pleasant smell not like the harsh foul smelling permanent hair dyes out on the market . This product gets 5 stars !
 I use this for many years and I like it so much ! Fast and easy to use at home . I will buy it again many times .
 The product is great & and does what it says it will do ... :0 -RRB- After you find the color that suits you , you will be pleased with the results ... :0 -RRB-
 I have used this product for many years and it remains the best option for me . No burning . No rashes . No sinus & lung irritation . What a relief !
 I have used clairol Natural Instincts for about 15 years ... this is my favorite color -LRB- clove -RRB- and matches my natural color amazinly well . I have moved to a small town/rural area of Missouri and had difficulty locating this particular shade ... when I decided to see if I could order it online and found out I could , I was so excited ... not only do I get my favorite shade cheaper than I had been paying for it retail ... I do n't have to drive all over the place looking for it !!! A GREAT BIG THANK YOU to AMAZON , and the Clairol !!! ~ Jeni Seitz , 2nd Grade Teacher , El Dorado Springs , MO
 Clairol Natural Instincts Hair Color 28 , Nutmeg , Dark Brown 1 Kit -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- I really love this product ! It is easily applied and the results last for weeks . My hair is almost all grey and I was spending a ton on salon -LRB- Aveda -RRB- coloring . This product gives me as good a result and I do n't have to schedule an appointment !
 My good friend is in hair school . I had her give me lots of chunky high lights . We were trying to get my dark brown hair blond . But the teacher said we should use a not so strong bleach . Well needless to say it did not come out as planed . They put toner in my hair that looked ok . After a week the toner was out and my hair looked yellow brassy with all different shades . The more I looked at it the more I hated it . Some of my hair was still my natural dark brown so it just looked like a mess.I ran out and get this cool dark blond . It evened out the color and made most of the brassy yellow go away . Will have to wait and see how long it lasts . My hair feels better too bleach kills hair . I was scared to die it again because of extra damage . I have used the natural instincts for many years on and off . I think this new kind is just as good . Now my hair is a cool light brown perfect for the summer . I am so happy box color can fix my hair.With all the bad reviews about the touch up color packet I think I will just throw that out . I do n't want to risk messing my hair up again.Great stuff for fixed a bad color job .
 My natural hair colour before it started growing in grey was medium brown . I 'd always wanted to have very dark hair , so I bought the colour number 36 , black . It is the easiest , quickest , least messy non-permanent hair colour I have ever tried . I noticed that another reviewer said something about the box saying to apply it to wet hair , but the instructions with mine said to apply it to dry hair . I have long hair , and it is the first hair colour I have used that stayed put on my hair where I applied it and did n't drip down all over the place and make a terrible mess . There were literally just a few drops that ended up in the sink , otherwise there was n't any mess . I did the allergy test , but I did n't want to bother with the strand test , so I left it on for the maximum time of 15 minutes once I had applied it and worked it into all of my hair . Then I rinsed it out , as per the instructions , which did n't take nearly as long for the water to run clear as with others I have tried , put the conditioner on for the 2 minutes stated and rinsed that out , then towel-dried it and combed it out . I have n't used the week 2 colour fresh , so I ca n't comment on that . Another reviewer had mentioned that they felt it had dried out their hair , but it has n't dried mine out . I love the colour and wish I 'd done it years ago , and I have had so many compliments on it and how good I look with black hair and how it brings out my eyes and how much younger I look . I am planning to stock up in case it is discontinued and disappears or changes.My review is about the newest version of this product as pictured here on amazon , not what I received when I ordered it from Impossible Discounts . They sent me an old version in boxes some of which were shop-soiled and beat up , one box was even open and one was stuck to the bottom of the cardboard box they sent it in , and who caused me a lot of inconvenience in having to return the product , which was not the one pictured , and having to ask this twice and then having to ask for the refund of my return postage . I have since ordered more of the real thing from amazon themselves .
 I 'll always use Loving Care because it leaves my hair feeling full and looking shiny.I ca n't get it in West Texas , so Amazon 's regular delivery means I 'll never run out .
 So I have been reading these reviews and I think most people are buying the perminant one because I just used the demi in midnight black and it came out so soft and silky and shiny . To all the people that are considering dying their hair but are scared they will fail , its so much eisier than it looks ! Just buy this product and do your research and you will be all good to go !
 I used Natural Instincts # 24 Clove Medium Cool Brown last night , and I am in love with the new color . I have a cool skin tone , and my hair is naturally dark blonde / light brown and washed out looking . I wanted a change but not the same old highlights I used to get , so I went darker for the first time . Great decision ! It was also my first time coloring my hair at home , and it was a piece of cake . I got into the shower to rinse and condition , and I had no problem getting it to rinse clear . I also did not leave any color behind on the pillowcase while I slept . I 'm hoping the color does n't fade too quickly as I really like it . I plan on staying a a brunette a while , but I like the idea of using demi-permanent to avoid drastic roots .
 Really great color ! It 's more of a caring than coloring product . Hair is great after using this dye . I would always recommand the Naturell Instincts colors .
 This product I have used for many years and what I received from amazon is of same quality as I would purchase at Duane Reade . Shipments are made on a timely basis .
 So I gave the Clairol Toasted Almond 4 out of 5 stars because I leave these Semi-Permanent dyes . They do n't irritate my scalp as long as I do n't wash my hair right before , they do n't seem to damage my hair , the smell is n't bad at all , and there is n't an obvious line when it grows out.As for the color ... I 'm naturally dark blond so I wanted something to darken and deepen my color a bit so my hair color is n't so completely neutral . This color really means GOLDEN light brown . It 's not to dark but with my already blond hair it made the color an unnaturally golden/coppery brown . It 's not offal so I still ran around with it for a few days but it 's not what I wanted either . For natural blonds I would recommend sticking with the other 2 light brown colors Tweed or Suede . If I were a natural brunette I WOULD give this a TRY if I wanted to ad some golden radiance to my color . I bet on a brunette this color would ad some beautiful depth and shine .
 I can not find this color in the stores available to me -- so I 'm having to order online . The color is the most natural I 've found for me .
 I have been using this product for last 20 years . It is the best hair color . I have no allergies with this product . I am very much satisfied . Amazon.com 's service is simply superb .
 I like this # 36 . But it 's not as black as Clairol non permanent -LRB- Nice n Easy -RRB- Black # 83 . Nor is it as black as natural instincts # 37 . It all comes down to what you 're looking for - and I am amazed that they can split hairs for a `` BLACK '' color with a demi color ... . but they do . # 36 is more like a dark brown almost black and very natural looking . # 37 and # 83 are B_L_A_C_K ... and not as natural looking -LRB- and seems drier on my hair - and lacks the shine # 36 and # 37 have . And this is independent of any conditioner . -RRB- I am in my 60 's have shoulder and usually longer length salt and pepper hair , with most of the gray/white on top . I used to have very dark brown thick hair -LRB- it 's still pretty thick , and still fairly dark underneath -RRB- . I section the top part off that is white & do not dye it . Then I dye the middle section with # 36 , and the lower section with # 83 ... . and I must say it really looks great . The white falls over the dark parts , and it 's really interesting.Most of the people who know me do n't know I do this - but I get quite a few compliments on my hair - so know I 'm doing the right thing ... and it does n't cost a ton of money either.It 's pretty easy too , as long as I 'm careful and do n't really make a BIG mess it cleans up pretty well too . But you will really want to have your tile cleaner ready and clean your shower right while you 're in there . . do n't wait too long to clean up any mess , as it does stain.Go ahead - try it !
 I love this shade . It looks very natural . After nearly a year of trying different shades of reddish brown , I 'm back to this one .
 I have a very pale complexion -LRB- &#34; cool blue &#34; -RRB- and this is the perfect hair color for me . I 've tried other medium brown shades from Clairol , and this one is by far my favorite . It does make my hair a dark and cool brunette but it does not turn it * black * as I 've heard others say . Use it if you have a &#34; cool &#34; complexion but do n't if you have a &#34; warm &#34; one ; there are better browns suited for warm skin tones . The color itself has faded a little bit after about three weeks , but that 's about the amount of time it is advertised to stay so I ca n't really complain . Overall one of the favorite self-coloring brands .
 I have medium dark hair that gets lovely auburn highlights in the summer . However , I live in rainy Oregon , where sunshine is at a premium after September ! # 22 Cinnaberry offers just the right shade of auburn to match my summer locks . The first day or two , it 's a little brassy -LRB- color on the weekend to ready by Monday -RRB- , but it smooths out after that , leaving a deep , rich shade that looks just right with my medium complexion -LRB- I 'm native American ; my skin tone is what you might call a perpetual tan -RRB- . A few tips : * `` Rinse until clear '' takes the majority of your time . This stuff is thick and very red ; the shower usually looks like a scene out of Psycho when I 'm done ! I have longish , thick hair -LRB- mid shoulder blades -RRB- and I think that makes for a longer rinse time , too . * The first couple of times you wash your hair -LRB- wait at least 24 hours for your first wash -RRB- , be sure to use dark or old linens , as the dye will stain . * I recommend using an end sealer before coloring . It helps strengthen & seal the hair shaft . * The box says 28 washes , but I usually get at least six weeks out of it , as I only wash my hair every 2-3 days , on the advice of my fabulous hairdresser friend in New York . I use dry shampoo -LRB- Suave makes a cheap brand , but it does n't last as long ; Got2Be 's is better -RRB- between washes , and my hair has never been healthier . * This is n't scientific , but I 've found if I blow dry my hair after rinsing out the color , it seems to stand out more and last longer .
 The box recommends using this Spiced Tea dye on dark blonde or light brown hair . I have medium brown hair -LRB- on the darker side of medium , really -RRB- and I 've always used the other red dyes that are meant for my shade of hair . And I 've always ended up with a plummy purple color to my hair that looks super fake . THIS is the first red that has n't made my hair look fake - it looks like I have a natural red tint to my hair . I LOVE it ! I think the only reason they do n't recommend it for darker hair is because it is n't super , in-your-face noticeable color . They probably do n't want dissatisfied customers complaining that it did n't do enough for their hair . But if you have darker brown hair and you want a NATURAL looking red , this is the best you can get without lightening your hair first . And it makes your hair feel and look so healthy ! One note - the color was pure purple when I mixed it up and started applying it to my hair . Not reddish purple , just barney-the-dinosaur purple . Scared the mess out of me ! But it ended up not purple-y at all ! I plan to keep using this until everyone I know forgets I ever had brown hair , and I 'm just that red-headed chick . lol .
 My wife has been a redhead ever since I met her about six years ago . Well , it was dyed red and looked real nice . She said it was `` hot . '' Well , it made her stand out in a crowd , that 's for certain . Her natural hair color is a somewhat `` mousey '' medium brown.Lately she 's been dissatisfied with her appearance and asked for my advice . I thought she might look nice as a brunette with a slightly darker shade than her natural color . We went to the pharmacy and picked out a Natural Instincts # 20 hazelnut medium brown dye . She loves the new look . Me too . The only problem is that she 's now much harder to find in a crowd . However , we 're booth very satisfied with the new look and she 's going to stay with it for at least two or three years.Gary Peterson
 Fading at forty - that was my hair-dilemma several years ago -LRB- okay , eighteen years ago -RRB- ... Looking to refresh my color to that of my younger days - red-gold when hit by the sun , I began my quest for a great hair coloring product.Clairol Natural Instincts , from its inception , hit the mark when it came to gentle processing which left my hair feeling like hair and not straw . However , I could never quite find the exact color I was looking for . Many of the reds stocked by the retailers looked almost purple and the lighter reds were just not right for my skin tone . I finally began mixing Natural Instincts Hot Cocoa and Natural Instincts Golden Sienna to achieve a color close to what I sought . It was a chore to have to formulate my own color - particularly when the two colors were rotated from stock periodically . I took to stocking up a year in advance , just to keep my color consistent.When Golden Mahogany became available several summers ago , I decided to try it . The color was exactly what I had been seeking - it gave my dark brown hair the golden-red glow of my youth and did n't look artificial or dyed . I 've been stopped in airports and at malls by women who compliment the sheen of my hair and the color . My hairdresser admitted that Natural Instincts is as good as anything she does - and she is an expert colorist - at a significantly lower cost . She did suggest that I wash my hair with a clear shampoo and dry it just before coloring . She also suggested I leave the color on as long as 20 minutes , if I had no reaction to the chemicals as it would through more shampooings . As a result , Golden Mahogany lasts about four weeks , with daily shampooing that begins no sooner than 24 hours after coloring . I do use shampoo and conditioner formulated for color-processed hair . The color will gradually soften until it is time to color again.I love the ease with which this product can be applied , and the conditioner included with the box is absolutely wonderful . In fact , I wish Proctor & Gamble would market the conditioner separately so that I can use it more often . This color is difficult to find - impossible in some areas of the country , so it was great to find it on Amazon . I definitely recommend Natural Instincts Hair Color to anyone looking for a great product !
 The natural instincts 02 , Sahara light blonde is the perfect color for dark blonde hair which has light blonde highlights . It blends away the gray without covering the highlights .
 My story
 My favorite hair color of all time-this is my natural hair color . Easy application . Lasts . Feels soft . Great conditioner included . I use the full 20 munutes .
 I am so impressed with this product ! I 've been searching for that perfect brown and I 've finally found it ! There is no chemical smell and the color went on so easily . Before , I had been using L'Oreal Healthy Look and it was always a struggle to get the color through my hair . It would always make my hair clump or stick together , making it nearly impossible to comb through . Natural Instincts goes on damp hair and perhaps that 's what makes it so much easier . I found the actual hair color to be more of a gel , which was a nice consistency -- not too think but not runny . I was able to put the color on , part my hair into different sections , and continue to color . The instructions say to leave the color on for 10 minutes and up to 20 minutes for stubborn grays . I only left it on for 10 minutes because I was afraid of ending up with black hair . But I probably should have left it on longer because I found a few grays left behind . Even though the grays were not completely tinted , it adds a nice dimension to my hair , almost like highlights . One complaint my boyfriend has about hair dye is that it leaves my hair looking all one color instead of showing the different highlights . I found that Natural Instincts allows for that dimension . I 'm sure if I left it on longer , it would have dyed the grays darker , but I like the different colors.After conditioning my hair with the included aloe vera conditioner -LRB- which was very pleasant -RRB- , it left my hair extremely soft and shiny . Even co-workers noticed how shiny my hair looked the day after coloring . Another thing that I noticed was that after drying my hair the first time , very little dye was left behind on my white towel . That is always a good sign of a high quality dye . I have found my new hair color and I 'm so excited ! I highly recommend this product . And if you do n't like it , it will wash out after 28 shampoos . I would just be careful with not leaving it on too long the first time , especially if you 're concerned with it turning out too dark . It is not black , but I can imagine that it would look black on those who leave it on over the recommended length of time . I would just start with 10 minutes the first time to gauge the level of darkness for your particular type hair . Enjoy !
 Thank goodness for Amazon ! I am hooked on this non-permanent shade -LRB- ebony mocha -RRB- , perfect for my darkest-brown-not-quite-black mane . Dark browns usually end up red on my roots , and soft black looks too gothic for my light to medium skin . Non permanent is perfect for covering up greys without damaging your natural hair . I hated the effect of permanent dyes , which tend to grown out spotty , and leave the dreaded roots look . This product blends seemlessly into your natural hair and lasts for about 4 weeks , but I stretch it to 5 . CVS and other popular drugstores do n't carry Ebony Mocha , so I 've resorted to buying the three-pack on Amazon . I pray that Clairol does n't discontinue it !
 This color -LRB- 27A -RRB- is the perfect shade for me -- no icky orange fade-out , not too red , never brassy . This is a dark bronzed brown -- just enough reddish shade to make the brown pop . I looked through ten stores , and no one bothered to order this shade , so I was delighted to find it online . I am very sensitive to hair coloring products , so this is the only formula I use , as it does n't make my skin itch and it fades nicely as the white hair returns . I recommend this bronzed brown shade for those looking for subtle reddish brunette tones .
 This color is really hard to find in the stores . I have no idea why though . This is one of the newer products from Clairol so you would think it would be easy to find . Natural Instincts has been my color product of choise for years . It 's actually all about the conditioner . This has the best conditioner I have ever found . Plus you receive a good portion of it . I was thrilled when Clairol decided to increase the amount of conditioner they sold . I 'd buy it on it 's own if they sold it -LRB- which they might , I have n't really looked -RRB- . The color is a great too . I have gotten several compliments on the color . It 's easy to apply and does n't stink . After the conditioning it leaves my hair feeling very silky . I am very happy that I can get this online since I ca n't find this color in the stores .
 i bought this for my daughter mainly because it does not contain ammonia and we were pleasantly surprised to notice that it smelled really good and it also did its work very well . It does not damage my daughter 's hair like other products did and we were so happy with the result we went back to the store to buy some more.i recommended this to my mother who never colors her hair because of ammonia and she is very happy with it , too.i had to write this review because i noticed that there were only two one-star reviews . If you do n't want to deal with ammonia and all other stuff -LRB- who knows what -RRB- they put in hair products and want to color your hair in less damaging way , this product is the way to go.But the color stays longer than you might expect , which worked out just perfect for my daughter and my mom who do n't want to dye their hair very often anyway .
 My wife has used this product purchased locally . She received many compliments on her hair color , but the product became hard to find . Amazon was able to supply it at a reasonable price .
 This product is awesome and results in silky , shiny , wonderful smelling hair . No scalp irritation or uneven color . Works like a charm and is very easy to apply . I love it !
 I 've been using that hair color -LRB- Clairol Natural Instincts Golden Honey -RRB- for a while , but could n't find it ANYWHERE - I had searched about 15 stores in 2 states ! When I finally called Clairol directly , they found it for me on Amazon . I never would have thought to look for hair color here . SO - now I know where to look for those hard-to-find items !
 Love the toasted almond color of natural instincts ! I always get compliments on my hair color . But I ordered this from Amazon specifically because the new version was listed with the 2-week color refresher included in each box . I was sent the OLD version though . Just a head 's up to others who might be ordering hoping to get the new version .
 This is a great product , which will sanitise any shaving implement against bacteria , fungi , viruses and almost any other patogen that could be found on a razor . Since vintage razor collecting is becoming more popular , Barbicide should also , since it is more effective and easier on a vintage razor than boiling ot diluted bleach . Highly recommended .
 Easy to mix with water . I use this solution now for all my bathroom metal tools prior to use . You can never be too clean . It also looks great in a clear jar on your counter top !
 I bought this when I started buying used safety razors . Mine came from Sally Beauty . I 've used it on 34 razors -LRB- double edge and single edge and injectors as well ! -RRB- in the past few months . Works really well . I also use Scrubbing Bubbles for further disinfecting . I just discovered while cleaning up a 99 cent Schick Krona I got off eBay that had some rust from an old blade being in it for decades that if you use a toothpick while the Barbicide is still wet on the razor it will take off light rust ! Keep dunking your razor to keep it wet and it works really well . Coke or really acidy soda also removes rust but is sticky . I 'll continue to buy this product in the future . My batch right now is still good and has not gotten cloudy and it 's been 3-4 months since I made it . Great product ! Get a screw top glass jar to keep your solution in so you do n't have to keep making it and keep it under your bathroom sink .
 How do we know this stuff -LRB- or any disinfectant -RRB- really works?Read the product label.The FDA regulates skin antiseptics , sterilizers , and high-level disinfectants , andthe EPA regulates low-level disinfectants and sanitizers.Disinfectants are regulated under FIFRA , and must be tested -LRB- AOAC -RRB- before EPA approval . The label will have an EPA-registration number , which can be verified at the EPA website.Sanitizers are regulated under FIFRA , and are usually EPA-registered disinfectants approved for used in a smaller quantity or shorter contact time.Skin antiseptics are evaluated and regulated by the FDA . Some are OTC drugs , and will have a `` Drug Facts '' label with use directions.Sterilizers -LRB- such as steam autoclaves -RRB- are evaluated and regulated by the FDA.With this in mind , I 'd recommend using : an FDA-listed sterilizer to sterilizean EPA-registered disinfecant to disinfect -LRB- or sanitize , if it is labeled for that use -RRB- and read , understand , and follow the manufacturer label directions.It has different use requirements for different levels of contamination.Everything has to be `` thoroughly cleaned '' before disinfection , and can only be used on ` hard , non-porous surfaces . ' Contact time is 10 minutes.While Barbicide is a marvel of microbiological technology , it is does not `` sterilize '' -LRB- kill 100 % of microbes -RRB- because it is not a Sterilizer . It should n't be used as a ` Terminal Sterilant ' on any item that contacts blood -LRB- like a straight razor -RRB- because you need a sterilizer for that . It can be used , however , to pre-clean a blood-contaminated item before proper reprocessing in an FDA-listed sterilizer -LRB- steam autoclave -RRB- . For general all-around barbershop disinfection , it 's hard to beat Barbicide .
 There 's really no way to tell if this works or not , but I use it all of my razors after each shave and seems to keep them clean .
 I have terriable cystic acne . I have tried everything on the market ... then I found this toner . WOW ... it really works ! It has a very strong nail polish remover smell . . but it goes away .
 My 18 yr . old daughter loves this product ! It is the only product she has found that actually clears up her complexion . We have tried many more expensive brands that only make her skin break out more . We are thrilled to find this product on Amazon and affordable . Thanks !
 This is an awesome cleansing toner if you want something strong . It literally tingles on your skin which makes you feel like it 's killing everything off . I would n't recommend it every day b/c it strips your face but it 's good for problem skin , pimples , etc. . Makes you feel extra clean .
 Works well on the skin , my face looked and felt fresh . You might break out in the first few times , but after that , the pimples stopped . It helped control my acne for over a month now !
 The formula in this cleanser is very good . My skin is generally dry , with some oil around my nostrils . This cleanser had no problem cleaning both the dry and oily areas , leaving them equal and clean . It has an adequate amount of foam and ability to lift . I have tried a lot of face cleansers and this is the best , with the exception of the packaging . The bottle is quite heavy and is opaque . So their is no real way to tell if you are running out until you do .
 5 stars is n't enough for this perfume . Wish I could give it 10 . Love it . Get plenty of compliments whenever I wear it and am very sad that it 's been discontinued . It 's definitely a scent I recommend .
 Awww ... it 's been discontinued ! I absolutely LOVE this fragrance and I get compliments every time I wear it , so naturally , it is now the only fragrance I own . People -LRB- a good majority are men -RRB- are always asking me what fragrance I 'm wearing , so I am SO SAD that the `` Mania '' has been discontinued . I can still find it on the net , but there is going to come a time when I can no longer find it and unfortunately , I have yet to find a similar fragrance . I am trying to build a stockpile of this product , so when anybody asks me what I would like for my birthday , Mother 's Day , etc. , I tell them I would like a bottle of this perfume . Wow ... maybe I should be keeping this `` my little secret '' so I wo n't attract any other lover 's of this perfume : - -RRB-
 This item is very well made . Thick glass . Thick blue rubber bottom ring . Worth the money .
 L'Paige mood lipsticks are great . I love them . The color lasts and does n't run and they are never gooey . The lipsticks last a long , long time . And they moisturize the lips .
 I have worn this brand of lipstick for years . It does everything it says . Stays on for over 8 hours with normal eating and drinking . Does not come off on teeth or when kissing . I have not purchased any other brand for over 8 years . One tube lasts for months . Shades will vary with your body chemistry . Price is very reasonable when you consider how long it lasts .
 This product is wonderful . I have used it for 10 years ! The company is helpful and polite . They ship quickly . I am 100 % satisfied each time !
 I have been using L'paige Aloe Vera lipsticks for over 20 years - love that the color stay on and the lipstick is very moisturizing . My lips are never dry and I do not have constantly re-apply . Great product - I am surprised all the big cosmetic `` companies '' have not tried to reproduce this product - so much better than anything else on the market . I have tried them all and still come back to L'paige !
 Great product ! Got one in the summer and love it . It really lasts . Use lip gloss with for a bit of shine
 I have been a user of L Paige Lipstick for over 30 years . I generally use the yellow -LRB- coral -RRB- . I play with the color if I need another shade , I have all of them.Too bad they don.t advertise more , I found this product in a small boutique on Sanibel Island in Floridain the 60 's . I now live in Mass. where can I get this Lipstick North of Boston?Very Satisfied Customer
 BEST GIFT EVER FOR ANY MOM . THE NATURAL FRAGRANCES ARE SO BABY DELICIOUS YOU 'LL WANT TO HAVE ANOTHER ! CA N'T LIVE WITHOUT THESE NATURAL BABY PRODUCTS . BONNIE - MOM OF THREE LITTLE SPROUTS
 This is truly the best kid and adult hair care products out there . I used this line throughout my pregnancy and then have used the shampoo for my daughter since she was born . She loves it and better yet I love it !! My husband loves it too . I have n't used any other shampoo/gel for myself since . I am totally addicted to it . I also bought 6 of the trio for girlfriends to try as shower gifts . I ca n't say enough positive things about it !!
 I bought this trio for a friend 's baby shower . Once I smelled how mild and pleasant the products were , I had to have a travel trio for myself . I love it ! The lotion is great to pack in my purse and the shampoo works wonders on my baby-fine hair , not to mention the light and non-sticky gel . I would definitely recommend The Original Sprout products to anyone .
 We found the best baby cream . I started with their shampoo & had to write a review . I have never been excited about baby products till now . The shampoo is a must have for any Mom who buy 's the best for her baby . It 's expensive and worth it ! This cream is so delicious smelling in the real , soft beautiful way babies smell . I use it on my baby , toddler and me ! It leaves our skin soft & dewy , never greasy . They do n't use mineral oil or any bad ingredients - LOVE It ! Lu
 This is a great cream ! I gave it four stars because it does NOT come in a bottle so the advertising is misleading from that standpoint .
 This cream smells amazing and is not overpowering . The lotion is creamy but not heavy or greasy , it almost feels whipped . I slather it all over myself and my baby . It moisturizes all day and does n't stick to clothing . It also has rosemary in it which is a natural bug repellent so I love to put it on baby when we are outdoors instead of harmful bug sprays .
 I love this lotion , it moisturizes but does n't leave a residue like so many other products I have tried . Our whole family uses it , we ca n't live without it , we even keep one in the car ! This is by far the best product out there !
 You 'll love it . This is the best baby cream we 've ever used ! It smells natural and just like a baby , sweet and clean . Order from Amazon rather than Baby Universe . You 'll get your order faster .
 As a mom of two I have tried many products . I was thrilled to finally find one that worked , was n't overpriced , and did n't have all the bad ingredients found in many baby care products . The travel pack is a perfect introduction to these wonderful products . Plus , they last forever and the adorable packaging makes them a great gift . My kids are sensitive and this stuff is so gentle on their little baby skin .
 L'Paige mood lipsticks are great . I love them . The color lasts and does n't run and they are never gooey . The lipsticks last a long , long time . And they moisturize the lips .
 This lipstick is green , but like the old '60s mood rings , it changes color when applied to your lips based on your body 's makeup . It last a long time . I visited Morocco in 2008 and bought a green lipstick there that was fantastic ... I cried when I applied the last bit from the last tube a few month ago ! When I saw this lipstick I decided to try it and I 'm glad I did . It works the same as the ones I bought in Morocco . Just be careful about pushing the lipstick too far out of the tube as mine broke as I was applying it . Not to worry , I just keep using it and pushing it back into the tube . There are other colors to chose from , but if you like deeper , rosy pinks to red lipstick then get the green . Try it , you 'll like it !
 I have been wearing this brand of green lipstick for a very long time . The color lasts forever and does not come off on your glassware or your kid 's cheek . The lipstick itself lasts for a long time and my lips are always soft - never dry .
 Two years ago , we were in Tangiers , and I purchased two green lipsticks that turn your lips pink/rose when applied and lasts a very long time , unlike most lipsticks . Since I was running out , I searched for a similar product online and found it on Amazon.com . I ordered it and it is every bit as good as what I bought in Tangiers.The color seems to last a long time and DOES NOT DRY your lips , like most other long-lasting lip colors/stains currently on the market do . I will DEFINITELY order this product again .
 i expected green and got pink but it all works just the same . its a little bit intense of a pink but totally effective and cute if use sparingly . The black is so cool when it turns !
 I am writing this as a husband observing my wife 's use of this product . She uses make up , probably like most other women and I have to say this stuff works ! I am 64 years old and she is 59 . My eyes , particularly the folds around them , are permanent fixtures . Her eye cream , although costly , lives up to its name - ` sensational ' ! When she first tried it , I was not happy with the price . After a number of days , I went ahead and surprised her by ordering more . It is not easy to find and luckily a supplier on Amazon had a couple of the little containers . So at the risk of sounding like a ` paid endorser ' , her eyes have never looked better !
 the ship is very quick and the cover is good , the quality is also pretty nice , good job !
 I LOVE this stuff . Although the blue looks blue , and the green looks green , when it goes on , it changes color to pinks or corals depending on your skin . It tints the lips and lasts and lasts . It 's not gooey , or gunky and it does not dry out my lips . I have used this for years and was happily surprised to be able to get it thru my favorite online source , Amazon .
 I like this lipstick because it lasts on my lips for many hours even after eating.The price is right . I have spent so much money looking for lipstick that lasts on my lipsand I am so happy to find this brand .
 This is the ONLY eye make-up remover that I can use . All other products , including Klorane regular eye make-up remover , burn the skin around my eyes and make them very puffy . The cream base of this product is very gentle . It is not oily though ! I am a contac wearer and I can not use oily products on my eyes or face . As far as I am concerned , this is the best eye make-up remover available on the market today !!
 One week later , my major acne has disappeared . I have tried Dr. Brandt poreless line , Origins , Shiseido , and walked into Whole Foods , since I wanted to use natural skincare . They recommended this , and I was very leery , but a week later , my zeets have disappeared ! I still have one or two , but I put this on , and a few days later , it disappears . Does not work instantly , in one day , but for some reason , it works , and also makes my skin STOP producing so much oil on my forehead . My forehead used to be oily by 11 am . Now , my skin is regulated . I do n't know what 's inside that works , but for some reason it 's working . I 'm also using the fruit enzyme cleaner , but am going to look for another product . I 'm disappointed that they store this stuff in cheap plastic containers that can leak carcinogenic chemicals -LRB- BPA , etc -RRB- into the facewash , and into our body . If they would switch all their bottles to glass bottles that would not leech any chemicals ... I would be a happy camper . The clear skin serum does not come in a plastic bottle btw , thankfully .
 I absolutely love this product ! I do n't usually get pimples , but I did have a lot of clogged pores/whiteheads on my forehead that I could n't get rid of . This product really cleared my skin out without drying it out . I had my sister who has acne issues try it and she was very impressed and now uses it as well . You can use it anywhere on your body that you need to clear out your skin . It 's extremely light and sinks right in . Love it !
 I 've used the prescription meds for my acne and they help . But I ca n't put my face near fabric because those products bleach . But just recently I read the labels on the prescription creams and they are loaded with toxic junk
 I just got my second bottle of this , and I was surprised to find a new style to the bottle and the pump ! The pump seems to loosen from the glass bottle more easily than the previous one did , I am tightening that topper just about every other day . And I 'm not pleased with this pump , it squirts the product out at a harder -LRB- faster ? -RRB- velocity , so I lose a few drops due to scatter/bounce each time . It 's harder to get a half-pump out in this way , too.I would n't be so concerned about losing a drop here or there except this stuff is expensive and worth every penny ! As long as I 'm consistent with it , it takes care of and even prevents those nasty hormonal jawline/neck breakouts . I wish I had known the change was going to occur , I would have happily held onto my old bottle and refilled as necessary.Prior to this , I would have happily given it five stars .
 I have been using Mychelle products since May because I needed to clear up my skin for my wedding and I was going to pay the price . I 've always had problems with acne and nothing really worked , including Murad -LRB- even though it certainly helped -RRB- . After about one month of using the whole acne/oily line from Mychelle -LRB- I got the sample pack for about $ 20 -RRB- , my face cleared up !!!!!!!!! Well I ran out of the small sample of vitamin C serum and I started to get some zits but not nearly as bad as before . Of course , the serum is expensive about $ 40 so I had to wait to buy it . Once , I did buy it , I noticed my skin started to clear up again and I have n't really had problems since . I think the vitamin C serum works so well with the rest of the products .
 I have used EVERY acne treatment including proactive and this works WAY better than anything I have tried . Warning !!! It stinks and people will smell it on you .
 i NEVER leave product reviews but could not leave this secret potion unrated -- i have struggled with my complexion for months and tried numerous products . i saw improvement after two days of serum use -- my face has not not been this great in a long time . i recommend the entire mychelle product line .
 I have just bought this one week ago , and the result shows amazing!My skin is quite oily with redness every day T_TAfter using this serum every day -LRB- morning and night -RRB- for only a week , nearly all the redness has disapeared ! My skin is not so oily as before.It is pretty good a product !
 I 'm no spring chick but still was breaking out - this was one of the few non-prescription items that I 've used that really works . I mix this with the perfect C serum for daily use .
 I read other reviews and heard great things , so i decided to give this a try . I 've had mild/severe acne for 5 years now and have tried lots of things from salicylic acid , benzoyl peroxide , and even Differin -LRB- but no insurance = $ 130 per tube of Differin , which worked REALLY WELL ! -RRB- . The ingredients lists Azelaic Acid which , after lots of research , seems to help many skin conditions including acne , and it 's a naturally found acid.After 3 weeks , it has kept my acne under control and it 's even helping with some of my old scars ! I still get a pimple here and there but not as much as before and not the usual cystic pimples i used to get ! I would definitely recommend this to others . The one thing I do n't like is the bottle itself . The pump squirts out way too fast and a couple of drops always end up somewhere across the bathroom no matter how careful you are ... All in all , I would say at to give it a try if you 're looking for something to help your acne , especially since buying 1 bottle wo n't break the bank and it has enough to decide if it will help you or not : -RRB-
 This was the first purchase of this product . It has the same excellent quality as other Mychelle products . This is a line of products that I trust .
 I have been using this product a little over a year now . I love it ! 5 years ago I started getting adult acne . Never had acne in my life . I was n't sure what to do , so I struggled through Mary Kay , Clinique and several other products before stumbling across Mychelle in a Health Food Store . I tried the little sample kit for oily/acne skin . The results were amazing . I started buying the products and have been using them with very satisfying results ever since . I love this serum because if I do get a blemish I apply this serum on it and it sometimes will make it completely disappear overnight and other times it may take a day or two to disappear , but it works quickly . The other thing I have noticed is Mychelle products restore my skin in the acne areas . I was getting little areas with `` pock marks '' . But , now my skin looks younger and smoother . My husband even comments about how clear my face is . I suggest whoever is looking for an acne treatment , buy Mychelles travel/sample kit and try it out for yourself .
 I use this product in conjunction with the Cranberry Cleanser , Fruit Enzyme Spray , Eye Brightener Cream , Perfect C Serum , and Grapefruit Lotion . I love it because it does n't dry out my skin . It seems to work well , but it 's definitely not magic - it takes time . I have seen a reduction in whiteheads and very large , blocked pores that hurt a lot . It 's been the blemish product that has worked best for me . In the past I 've tried Tea Tree Oil from The Body Shop , Burt 's Bees blemish roll-on stick , and various drugstore products , none of which have worked well .
 Very impressed by this product . But not surprised because of the great reviews . Really does a great job in clearing my face . Still get an occasional zit and some teeny tiny ones here and there . But its not a problem . I 've tried every OTC product including Proactiv and this stuff beats thema all .
 This stuff is great . I 've been using it now for 2 weeks and my acne I had for years is almost gone . I 'm so glad I found this product and will stick with it for the rest of my life . If you are suffering from acne and sensitive skin like me , give this product a try . It 's totally worth the money .
 My face has always had small acne problems . Nothing that 's too horrible , but enough that I get annoyed . This serum is AMAZING ! It tightens up the pores and makes any visible blemishes reduce before your eyes . I never knew that a product like this existed , and I 'm glad I decided to try it out !
 This stuff works great ! It does not smell so good though , guess it 's because of the witch hazel , that 's the main ingredient . But it works well to control oil . I use it at night and under my make up during the day . A little goes a long way : - -RRB-
 When traveling in hot Asian countries recently and sweating all day long , I started using after washing face every single time I washed . I 'd started doing only once a day but got these terrible breakouts at the hairline . Once I was using it 2-3x / day the hairline breakouts went away . I use it in the Bay Area at home on maintenance and LOVE it . No smell , no weird residue on the face ... seems to work , in that my skin mostly looks great -LRB- minus pre-mentrual days -RRB- . I was using the Oil Free Grapefruit Cream before but found I could n't bear the perfumey smell . It also just did n't seem to work as well .
 I try to put as little on my face as possible , but I decided to try out MyChelle 's acne line and this came included in the basic set . I was n't sure how my skin would react , but so far it 's been a positive experience . I only put on this serum once a day , before I go to bed , and it really has changed the oiliness of my skin . My skin used to be incredibly oily throughout the day and especially when I woke up in the morning , but I noticed the oiliness decrease after using this product . My acne has also cleared up a lot . I 'm a big believer in MyChelle 's acne line now .
 After receiving this product in a sampler pack , I was very skeptical that it would do anything for my skin . I have very regular light break outs around my chin and I had not found anything OTC to help . I began regularly applying this lightly to my skin after washing every night , plus a quick swipe in the morning , and I have been so happy with the results . It is not a miracle serum , and probably is n't quite enough for those suffering from heavy acne , but I have noticed a significant drop in blemishes . Also , I feel it helps clear up acne right when it starts , preventing those HUGE unsightly zits and speeds up the healing process . The smell is a pretty strong patchouli scent that , thankfully , fades fairly quickly after applying . I have also noticed that it keeps the rest of my face a nice even tone . This product has become a crucial part of my daily routine and I highly recommend anyone with pesky blemishes try it .
 My skin was doing better before using this product after I watched my diet but I do like this product . I think it helps prevent breakouts and my makeup seems to go on better when I put this on first . For me it 's a keeper .
 Buy the entire 6 products for oily/blemished skin . It works !!! Fighting whiteheads for decades . Not only does this system control the oil and whiteheads , it heals acne wounds beautifully . Highly recommend . Been using the system for 4 months .
 I 've used this in conjuction with mychelle white cranberry cleanser and oil free grapefruit cream . Has definitely helped my acne , and leaves skin moisturized without the oily effect . Will definitely buy this again .
 Each make-up remover pad is like a mini spa treatment for your eyes , so soothing and mildly refreshing . The softness of the cotton pads are perfect for removing eye make-up effectively , but gentle and leaves no cotton threads in lashes . The cornflower is soothing and leaves the delicate skin around my eyes feeling clean and refreshed.I 've been using Klorane eye make-up remover pads for the last 8-10 years , until it became increasingly more difficult to find them in stores . I once could find them at my favorite upscale drugstore . When they quit carrying them , I then found them at Sephora , who also no longer carries them . Now , the only place that I can find them is here on Amazon.com . During those periods when I could not find the Klorane eye make-up remover pads , I tried many other eye make-up removers that I ended up throwing away because they left the skin around my eyes feeling raw . None of them were as effective at both removing the makeup/mascara AND being gentle on the delicate skin . These are worth every penny .
 I love this stuff . Moisturizing and non-irritating , does a great job removing makeup and feels great !
 I would give it a six stars if it would be possible . Very nice product , my hands - so soft , so smooth after using it . And looking really younger !
 Body butter is the perfect after-bath treat for your skin . Zia body butter is a combination of shea butter and mango butter blended into a smooth lemon yellow moisturizer that could become a hand cream essential.This cream is super luxurious to use in the winter or summer . This is one of the few products with myrrh essential oil.Ingredients
 The reason I used a sample was because of the words used by the cosmetic consultant `` sensitive skin '' . She walked up to me out of the blue and handed me the sample . She could see how red and irritated my skin was in patches.I went home , used it that night and the following morning could see the difference.The other big thing was how soft and smooth it made my skin feel . Wonderful ! I love this product ! Ca n't wait to try more of the products in this line .
 I bought this item and the Le Petit Prince shampoo for my daughter . After her bath she smelled so wonderful ! They are very gentle and did not cause any reaction to my daughter 's delicate skin . I have always used Johnson and Johnson products in the past , but will definitely be making a change . Worth the little bit more cost for sure !
 I love the way the Mychelle Antioxidant Blueberry Mask makes my skin feel after a treatment.I apply the mask twice a week , after using either the Pumpkin Peel or Fiesta Peel , and leave it on for at least an hour . Then I rinse off the mask with warm water , leaving my skin feeling smooth , firm and moisturised.I 'm definitely addicted to this product and will keep using it!PS The mask smells so good and natural too !
 I used to ignore taking care of my skin before and started to beware of the aging sign recently . That 's terrible . Started to try some natural skin care products and found this Mychelle based on other friends ' commendation on line . This blueberry mask smells good and feels good , although the mask is blue , but my face feels brightened after rinsing off . I have let my best friend try this by giving her a facial at my house with little massage , she immediately fell in love with it . Strong recommend to other friends!Love Amazon !
 I love all of Tweezerman 's products , and was happy to find this at such an affordable price . The handle and rasp-backs are made of plastic , but seem to be durable . The blade is nice and small which makes taking off thin layers of callused skin very easy - and obviously , as the package does indicate , the blade is not supposed to be used on healthy soft skin - just on thick or callused skin . Many doctors will use a similar tool to `` shave '' off the top layers of calluses to remove them , this now something you can do at home using this tool . -LRB- Obviously , the blade is sharp , so do be careful and do n't apply too much pressure . -RRB- I used this right after showering when my skin was pliable , and barely applied pressure - I just rubbed the blade lightly over my calluses to remove small thin layers a little at a time until I got to a point where I wanted it , then finished off with the rasps and some thick lotion . My heels feel so much smoother now . The rasps -LRB- one fine and one coarse -RRB- are also nicely made and fit well onto the handle , and cover the blade when they 're attached - they fit tightly , and once you snap them in , they stay put until you remove them . Perfect for at-home treatment of callused and rough skin , especially heels .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I use the Serious Hyaluronic Firming Serum along with other MyChelle skincare products . This is my favorite MyChelle facial product because it feels so good going on ... My skin just loves it . -LRB- I wish I could take a bath in this stuff ! -RRB- Even though I 'm now putting more serums and lotions on my face than ever before , my skin is not breaking out which was an unexpected , and welcome , bonus . Another bonus is that the MyChelle line smells great , not perfumey , but honest-to-goodness yummy.The only negative , in my opinion , is the packaging . The calibrated pump does n't always dispense a full application and it stops working before the bottle is empty . I 've taken to undoing and replacing the cap which seems to help as the bottle gets low . Towards the end , I just shake out as much of the remnants as I can . This stuff is n't cheap so I try to get every last bit of it!Best deals
 I love this product . It works like a toner and my face feels great -LRB- not overly drying like a lot of firming serums -RRB- . When I put my moisturizer on after the serum the layering of product does n't feel heavy.I do n't worry about absorbing excess parabens and other problematic ingredients . Many products have ingredients -LRB- like preservatives -RRB- that actually age your skin and then add moisturizers to just make it look younger . This product does n't age your skin , so it takes a few extra weeks to for you to see results . But the results are well worth the wait .
 Not every product works for every person , but this product is worth a try for those folks who want a smoother , more radiant complexion , and who does n't ?! At the risk of sounding like an infomercial , Mychelle Firming Serum , Serious Hyaluronic has helped to make my facial skin look and feel smoother . I only use it in the morning , using other Mychelle and DHC products in the evening . It provides a great base for my mineral powder make-up . And I 've received compliments on my skin since using it . It can be layered with other products . I do n't believe in using a sole product all the time . Seems to me that our skin can become accustomed to products decreasing the effectiveness over time . Thus , I do take a break from my routine on occasion . But in truth , I do n't like not using this product every morning . Some reviews mentioned a possible rash , which did happen to me when I was using certain other products with it . After the process of elimination , I discovered the culprit , thankfully not this product , and eliminated the problem . However , I do use this product with others , just be wary of certain combinations that will together aggravate the skin , such as exfoliating type products . We tend to be overly harsh with our skin in the name of youth . Try this product alone first , then add other products if necessary . Four stars because it 's great , but pricey .
 I apply lightly over freshly washed face to lock in moisture , then a spritz of Evian for additional moisture , and follow by moisturizer and/or makeup , night and day . Pores shrink , skin plumps , smooth complexion . Also evens tone , and may be responsible for calming capillaries . I have very fair and sensitive skin , and this product has become an absolute must . I do n't experience any flaking whatsoever . Clear , healthy , youthful skin . I also supplement with Source Naturals Skin Essentials Hyaluronic Acid , Source Naturals Skin Eternal -LRB- very similar label -RRB- , Pycnogenol , Omega 3-6-9 for healthy skin & more , but know this topical serum has a major positive effect on the appearance of my skin . Price significantly lower on Amazon than in health stores .
 Alright so I 've used firming serums 3 times the price of this stuff and WOW this stuff is absolutely amazing !! I have fine lines around my eyes and around my mouth and I notice a difference and I 've only been using it for a few months now . Its a lot more at my local Whole Foods so I 'm glad I can get it for so cheap on Amazon . It 's $ 60 there so its obviously a pretty good deal , I paid only $ 29 here ! I always make sure to have this stuff on hand especially at this price .
 So I sell skincare products here on Amazon . I always make sure to use all the products I sell . Well anyways my friend suggested I use this stuff and that was about two months . Now my skin looks brighter and seems to absorb moisturizer better . I had this tiny wrinkle on my forehead and its almost gone I ca n't believe it ! This product works great just look at the reviews !
 Great product , delivers real results fast . It takes a few minutes to get the full effect but I watched my skin tighten A LOT within a few minutes and it lasted until I washed my make-up off . I just started using it so I ca n't say what the long term results will be . However , if you 're looking for a quick and drastic fix to firm your skin this is it . A small price for a product that works .
 I love how this does n't leave a greasy feeling on my face . It pulls the skin tighter , making it firmer . I love it !
 It tastes and smells amazing like marshmallows love liplites !! This is so pretty and glossy definetly reccomended by me great buy !!!
 Purell hand sanitizer is better than all of the other products out there . The aloe product makes it easier on the hands while providing the sanitizing . It smells great . Other products that many of the drugstore chains are producing are inferior in my opinion to this Purell product . It is worth finding on the shelf and buying . However , some drugstore chains have removed Purell so that you have to buy their brand . Not as good .
 Purell makes an excellent hand sanitizer for any occasion when you need to wash your hands but you just ca n't get to a sink . Purell , therefore , is perfect for people who are on the go and ca n't stop to wash their hands.The pump on the top of the plastic bottle is easy enough to use -- just push down and the Purell comes out . Want more ? Easy -- just push down again and more comes out . All you have to do then is rub your hands together rapidly for a few seconds until they become dry again . This will leave your hands feeling super clean and there is almost no scent whatsoever!What 's the secret ? Purell does indeed kill 99.99 % of common germs in as little as 15 seconds . It does this through its active ingredient ethyl alcohol . I suppose the isopropyl alcohol helps , too . Excellent!Purell also includes aloe and Vitamin E in its formula . This should help your hands feel a bit softer after you use Purell . An excellent plus!A few caveats
 I keep one of these in my car , one near the keyboard , one in the kitchen , one in the bathroom.I do n't really consider myself a clean freak , but I like keeping my hands clean from all the gunk that collects on keyboards and cutting boards . Not the same as washing my hands , but it works here and there.Good stuff .
 If I could I 'd give this product a rating of 10,000 . I have been through many different hand santizers and Purrell with Aloe I have found to be the best by far . Aside from your hands feeling and being clean with 99.99 % of germs killed , you will find your hands feeling exceptionally smooth and also smelling very nice.The other generic brands and competitors to Purell may be somewhat cheaper , however they do n't leave your hands feeling the same and certainly not smelling the same . I have found that other brands with Aloe leave my hands smelling like alcohol , perfume that i guess is supposed to smell good but doesnt . I left out mentioning specific competitors with these properties because this is just a review , but if you are interested in the hand sanitizers to avoid feel free to contact me and I will let you know the worst of the worst .100 % buy Purell . It may be somewhat more expensive , but it is far worth it .
 decided to go with the cheapest price thinking I was getting the smelly stuff and found out I was wrong . I love the smell of this and the price and the way it works !
 I have used four different brands of progesterone cream since my hysterectomy . I would not live without them even though I take estrogen also . I really like this , has a nice scent but want unscented , goes on great ! I love how smooth and easy it goes on , I just would prefer unscented . I also think it doesnt do AS MUCH for my sex drive as some others did . The last one , F ** G **** is great for that but is like spreading on wax , hate it , very difficult . But love the way it made me feel all around . This is good , just not as good.I am reordering because it is so nice going on and does work well ...
 This progesterone cream is a bargain compared to other brands , so I thought I 'd give it a try . It is definitely working on balancing my hormones , after 2 weeks of use . The cream soaks into the skin , and does not leave a greasy residue like some creams do . I was sold on the natural ingredients and the very large 3 ounce size.The only downside to the cream is the lavender scent . I do n't care for that and wish I could find it without , but I 'll use it regardless because it is helping me .
 This cream goes on smoothly , is absorbed quickly , not slimy , greasy , or cakey . Leaves skin feeling silky . The lavender scent is mild and pleasant -LRB- even to my husband 's very sensitive nose -RRB- . Love the premeasured pump - at a very good price , especially with Amazon 's auto-ship . This product is effective for me in reducing hot flash severity and frequency .
 I have used this product for a year now . If you like lavender , the smell is great . If you prefer unscented , the company also makes that . The price offered on Amazon is quite competitive -- so I 'm going to order it from them from now on . I like the fact that the NOW Foods brand has no parabens of any kind in it . I also tried the one offered online -LRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- but it is 5 times as expensive ; plus my breasts hurt when I used it . And finally , my credit card got compromised because of some breach in security with the server that the womhoo company used . Therefore , I switched back to the NOW Foods brand and am happy with it . I consider it a kind of `` candy '' for my body . And I trust the Amazon.com credit card security measures . I 've never had a problem with them .
 I would highly reccommend this product to anyone going thru menopause and having hot flashes . It has helped minimize my hot flashes , I do still have them but they are seriously decreased in intensity . Great price and smells good too !
 I have been using this cream for about 6 months , and it works . I sleep better , and have fewer hot flashes . Give it a try .
 I while back my doctor -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- prescribed progesterone cream for me from a compounding pharmacy after my insistence on having my hormones tested.The cream changed my life . My night sweats disappeared , I was no longer prone to fits of rage , my family actually enjoyed being with me again , I was able to think clearly again and the brain fog was GONE -LRB- essential because I am the sole supporter for my family -RRB- , and my energy levels , while not quite what they used to be , moved back into the acceptable range allowing me to actual have something of a social life again.The pharmacy and provided me with a cream I ended up having a severe allergic reaction to and were n't able to provide the cream in a formulation that was safe for me.So I turned to Amazon to find an over the counter cream . I have tried a number of creams trying to find the right one for me . Reading the other reviews available , it is quite clear that the cream works for most people , while there are a few for whom it does n't work . Since there are plenty of reviews about whether or not the cream works , and I know what the cream can do for me based on my experience with the progesterone from the compounding pharmacy , I decided to write a comparison of the creams I tried . I had a hard time decided which cream to use soI tried several to find the best one for me . Following is my assessment of the different creams I tried.The Now Foods cream got a 3 stars from me for the scented version and 3.5 stars for the unscented . The dosed pump would have been great had it worked consistently.There were several factors that were important to me and on which I 'm basing my reviews . You may have other factors that are or are not important , so please take those into consideration when reading my evaulations . The factors for me were1 . Effectiveness/strength of the cream -LRB- MOST important , worth 3 stars -RRB- .2 . Ease of use -LRB- this includes type of packaging and ease/difficulty of self-dosing -RRB- -LRB- worth 1 star -RRB- .3 . Smell and feel -LRB- some of these products had a smell or feel to me that was just horrible -RRB- , obviously the most subjective of my criteria -LRB- worth 1 star -RRB- .4 . Most of the products were close in price , but one was about twice the cost of the others -LRB- the Emerita Pro-Gest -RRB- . For me , if that were the only choice it would n't make a difference , but since there were otherwise comparable products out there , I subtracted a star from the expensive one for being close to twice the cost of the others.That 's a potential total of 5 stars per product.To summarize what I 've found , the best quality of progesterone cream in terms of how well the cream relieved my symptoms was found in either the Source Naturals products or the Emerita Pro-Gest . The easiest to use were those with the dosed pumps , but I did n't like any of those creams because they either did n't work well or had an offensive smell or feel . The one I ended up using regularly is the Source Naturals in the tub . I bought a dedicated measuring spoon so I can get a consistent dose . It 's not as easy as the dosed pump because I have to clean the spoon after each use , but the cream is otherwise excellent , so to me it was worth the extra work.Here 's my opinion of each cream , with my star rating . -LRB- For the Amazon ratings , I 've rounded up since they do n't allow half stars . -RRB- SOURCE NATURALS PROGESTERONE CREAM . Available in a tube or tub . 4-4 .5 starsSource Naturals Natural Progesterone Cream , 4 Ounce -LRB- 113.4 g -RRB- 1 . This is by far the most effective at relieving my symptoms . It works just as well as the pharmacy cream did . 3 stars .2 . The tube is a little difficult to squeeze as it got emptier , and I was never sure if I was getting the last bit out . The purchase of the measuring spoon to use with the tub made it an easier way for me to get a consistent dose . 0 stars for the tube , 1/2 a star for the tub .3 . Nothing offensive about either the scent or feel of this product . 1 star .4 . This is the most reasonably priced product I 've tried so far.Total
 I have used progesterone cream for years for early menopause . I also have all of my daughter 's using it regularly . I usually pay $ 30 at the health store , so I was thrilled to see this at one third of the cost . I 've only had it for 1 week , but it seems to work just as great as the more expensive . I love the pre-measured pump and the smell is nice .
 I 've been using this for menopause symptoms - heavy cycles that are prolonged and coming too close together - and this truly seems to be &#34; regulating &#34; my cycles . My cycles have not been as painful or heavy since I 've been using the cream and they are back on track to every 25-28 days . The scent is pleasant as well .
 I have taken Progesterone in various creams and drops , and had negative reaction to all of them . This one keeps my hot flashes at bay , and I do n't have any negative reactions . It absorbs easily , too . Some other creams , that I have tried , took a lot of effort to rub in .
 It has a great natural fragrance and has the appropriate amount of progesterone . Portion controlled . Price is right . I will definitely buy it again .
 First purchased in the Florida Keys to remind me of the ocean ; enjoyed it so much I 've ordered the hand cream - wonderful scent !
 This soap has the most amazing smell . I use it every day and I have purchased the hand cream too .
 I bought two bottles of this and I had one for three hole months . The reason cause All I have to do is use it one time and it last me up for two days . This stuff really works . I hadde n't bought deodorant in a while so that 's great .
 I 've been using this for about a month now and it 's exactly what I was looking for . I did n't want to spend much more than $ 20 , and you would never guess it cost so little based on the appearance - it is sturdy and made from great quality materials . The light has 3 strength levels but I only ever use it on high . It 's not bright enough to use in a pitch-dark room , but if you have any other lighting in the room , it should be fine -LRB- my room is a cave and it 's still bright enough -RRB- . I like the fact that it has two sides and both are lighted . The regular side is perfect for applying makeup , while the magnified side is great for plucking your eyebrows or other tasks that require a close-up view.The only downside is the the touch sensor on the base . I 'm always accidentally brushing against it and turning it off , which can get annoying . That 's the only reason why I 'm rating this a 4 and not a 5 .
 This mirror arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition and it is a very pretty mirror that works very well .
 I love this mirror . It is exactly what I had been looking for . The magnigication is excellent and it has 3 different light settings . The only small negative aspect is that the touch for the light settings is ultra sensitive and I will touch by mistake and turn the light off . Not really a big deal though . Great product .
 I looked a long time both in stores and online for a magnification mirror that would work for me . I wanted one tall enough so I did n't have to bend over to look into it -- got it . I wanted quality -- got it , I wanted versatility -LRB- three different magnifications -RRB- -- got it , and I especially wanted it to be bright enough to be useful -- got it . And it looks really nice on my bathroom counter . You will love the oval shape . This is one of the better products of its kind on the market . Ca n't go wrong !
 I have been hunting around for such a mirror in Singapore for months and the nearest I could find is a lighted wall hung mirror with 3x magnification . I would love this product even more if this come in local voltage . I have to buy a step-up transformer and do not feel exactly comfortable using it since it gives a buzzing sound . I hope that Conair would manufacture in dual voltage -LRB- 110 & 220v -RRB- or at least allow the consumer to choose the voltage they want ... talking about going global !
 My Wife has been searching brick and mortar stores for about a year for a good mirror to help with her makeup application . All were either too cheap or too expensive . After searching thru the extensive Amazon mirror selection I settled on the Infiniti by Conair BE86 . She is very happy with all aspects of this one . Quality of the delivered product was excellent
 i work for a cosmetics company where my face has to look flawless down to the smallest detail everyday and i could never really achieve that with a regular mirror , but with the triple magnification mirror i spend less time working on my makeup and can see exactly what i 'm doing.the lighting is good and the 10x mag . is great for tweezing eyebrows.love it .
 Pros
 I like the clean , elegant design and heavy , solid feel of this mirror . It looks nice on my bathroom counter . The three magnifications give it extra versatility -- great for putting on makeup , or for situations where you need extra close visibility , like getting a lash out of your eye -LRB- which happened to me just recently , and the high magnification inset made removing the offending object easier than ever -RRB- . Although there are three levels of brightness provided by the built in illumination , they range from dim to really dim , unlike my previous 60s-era mirror that lit up the entire house and was probably visible from space . I rely on ambient lighting-assist with my new mirror.The on/off and brightness levels are controlled by tapping the base , which is fast and easy , almost too easy as it is common to touch it accidentally . I 'm getting used to quickly tapping the base three times to get back to where I was when this happens.Overall , I 'm very happy with this lovely , versatile mirror . The built-in light could be a little brighter , but it looks great , and it 's got the magnification requirements well covered .
 I bought this mirror for my bathroom , because of it 's longish design , it does n't take too much space on my counter . The touch control is great as well as the bottom extra magnifying part . I 've had this for about two months now and it 's still working great . It 's wonderful for applying make-up and tweezing .
 Very nice product . Works great , looks great and my wife loves it .
 What a deal ! I did not expect this mirror to be this nice for such a low price . The lighting is perfect . The magnification is great for tweezing . It looks great on the bathroom counter , no need to hide it away , it 's so pretty you will want to leave it out . Also , you simply turn it on by tapping the bottom base , very convenient . I think I will buy one for my mother too !
 Perfect for tweezing your brows perfectly or finding those little imperfections you did n't even know you had ! The magnification with this mirror is awesome .
 This is a great product ... everything I wanted in a makeup mirror ... received in record time in excellant condition ...
 It 's a good mirror when there 's not good place to have a wall mirror . This works great for area that 's dimly lit in the corner of the bedroom .
 Seems like a very good product . Does not feel cheap . Wife seems to like her present . Light is excellent .
 Given as a gift to my mother but she loves the mirror . Likes how you touch the base for the different light levels although you can accidentally touch the base applying make up . For the price , it 's a nice mirror .
 Perfect for what I need . I do wish it would go off automatically , though , as I 'm still not used to turning it off when finished .
 This is a solid make-up mirror for the price - nice size , shape , 3-level lighting , and magnification . The ultra-magnification spot on the one side is perfect for a close-up view of an eye -LRB- or whatever -RRB- ... . From an aesthetic standpoint , I 'm not a fan of the pock-marks on the base - they really do n't add anything ; but that 's minor . My one real gripe with this mirror is that the light frequently -LRB- maybe twice a week or so ? -RRB- goes on by itself ! I initially blamed my husband and my kids - and then it happened when they were n't around - and I had n't gone near the mirror . Not a big deal , but of course the bulb life wo n't be as long -LRB- and it 's annoying to see that light coming from the bathroom in the middle of the night - somehow it always happens at night - or maybe that 's just when I actually notice it - and to have to drag myself out of bed to turn it off .
 The quality of this mirror is great . It saddens me to have to return it because the magnification circle at the bottom of the mirror gets in the way and leaves very little room to see myself in the mirror when I apply makeup . If it did n't have this circle at the bottom , I 'd definitely keep the mirror . The lighting is ok , although could be brighter , but you fix this issue by making sure you add other light sources when doing your makeup . I love the touch feature to increase the lighting and the 10X magnification mirror on the other side . Very sturdy , good quality but unfortunately , will have to go back . I 'm going to return it and get a mirror without the magnification circle at the bottom .
 Yes , this one 's more expensive than the other Conair mirrors . But the oval design and adjustable lighting makes it a worthwhile investment . The 10X spot magnification is a brilliant addition that every woman with impeccable grooming expectations would need !!
 So this is a nice looking mirror that is very sensitive to touch -LRB- ie
 I 'm a 64-year-old woman with difficulty seeing close up . I 've had many lighted make-up mirrors over the years and had yet to find one that had adequate lighting , enough magnification , and distortion-free mirror glass . My last mirror had been purchased from a speciality store for about $ 80 and I was n't that happy with it.I recently purchased my second Conair Infiniti mirror . I received my first one two years ago as a Christmas gift . When I got home and plugged it in I was amazed at how clear the images were and how perfect the magnification was . It has a regular 1X side with a small 10X magnification `` button , '' and a reverse side with 7X magnification - this is the side that I use and it 's perfect for me . It has three light settings which are controlled by touching the base of the mirror . I would prefer that it had a switch instead , but this is only a minor annoyance in my opinion . The only reason that I replaced the original one was that I accidentally broke the mirror on one side . I tried using one of my `` old '' mirrors -LRB- I have about 4 or 5 of them , always searching for the perfect mirror -RRB- but they do n't compare with the Infiniti . This is why I ordered another one just like it.I highly recommend this mirror for women like me who want a good clear view of their face so they can get their makeup on right !
 The lighting could be a little brighter , but it is a nice mirror with good magnification .
 Good product at reasonable price . I will like it more if this product with dual Voltage ... 120 & 220
 I wish the light was much brighter , but the magnification is great . For the price this is a good mirror .
 The magnification options on this mirror are great . The light is not bright enough to be used on its own ; you still need another light source with it , either bright daylight , a lamp or an overhead light fixture . The price was right for what I received .
 I bought this as a gift for my mom . She says it 's great and really likes the built in extra magnification spot .
 Matrix Vavoom Extra-Full Freezing Spray lives up to its name . It makes my limp hair looking fuller.Just make sure to use it sparingly if you have delicate hair , or it will weigh it down.I tease my hair just a little bit , spray it lightly underneath with this spray , and smooth it down before it dries completely . It holds my hair style practically all day.I do recommend it .
 My hair salon has used this product so I decided to try it and was very happy with the product . It does the job without that plastered look . Also , it resist humidity which is a big plus for those super humid days .
 But does the job without sticky residue and crunchy hair . Does help keep fine , thin and limp hair it 's shape and volume .
 The item came and was exactly as described . It was shipped in a timely manner . I saved $ 10 by buying my hairspray and gel through Amazon rather than using my local salon to purchase . With my Amazon prime account , I do n't pay shipping so win , win .
 This hairspray is great , it does n't go limp on me , my hair stays in place all day.It helps make hair extra full and luscious appearing.I use it on my hair every day after washing and my hair stays beautifully set and styled and really helps add lift to the roots and body all over.I 'm crazy about it and a regular consumer of this hair spray .
 I am 40 with mixed oily and dry/wrinkled skin . The fruit fiesta peel -LRB- used alternatively with the pumpkin peel -RRB- has taken years off my appearance , reduced wrinkles , eliminated blackheads , and has pretty much eliminated acne breakouts . It burns a bit -LRB- which means it 's working -RRB- . I use it 1-2 times per week and the pumpkin peel 1-2 times per week.This product is 100 % natural , smells delicious , and my skin glows and looks so fresh and new after I wash it off !
 I am not one to leave reviews , but I absolutely love this product . It works extremely well has resurfaced my skin , cut down on black heads and gives me a youthful glow !! I 'm 35 and my skin is showing signs of living in the Texas heat and sun as well as aging and this product is remarkable !
 Love this product as well as their pumpkin peel . I have sensitive oily skin and wanted a toxic free product to help maintain a youthful look to my hormonally changing skin . I alternate depending on what yummy natural product I feel like pampering my skin with . It feels good to look so radiant and young with out all the harmful chemicals of phthalates , parabens , propylene glycol , ureas , EDTA and formulated fragrance and artificial colors !
 Smells fabulous and is this deliciously rich raspberry color ... Did the patch test as my skin tends towards sensitivity and followed directions ... This is a speedy peel - just 5 minutes ... Even though the patch test did not feel warm/tingly when it was all over my face I definitely felt the `` peel '' effect ... Rinsed it off and followed with toner and Mychelle 's Pumpkin Renew Cream -LRB- best . ever . -RRB- and wow - my skin was a little rosy for a little while after -LRB- an hour at most -RRB- but it glowed and was smooth , soft , and renewed as baby skin . I 've tried a few OTC peels and plenty of gritty exfoliating products this really did the job beautifully . I am really impressed with this peel .
 This fruit peel does work pretty good and does n't have a burning sensation ... at least on me . It was easy to use and did make my skin look brighter/better the next day . The only negative was the amount they give you for the price you pay :-LRB- It 's a very small amount . I 've purchased pumpkin peels , etc. and the products were about the same performance wise , but greater in quantity .
 This peel rivals the high end department store at home peels plus it smells yummy . I leave it on for 5 minutes and my skin is soft , supple and like glass.All Mychelle products are first class-paraben free and they deliver
 I purchased this peel after a recommendation , I was searching for a strong natural enzyme peel and I finally found it ! I use this weekly and noticed a difference after my first couple of uses . It 's so much more effective than much more expensive peels that I have tried .
 I definitely see a difference in my skin with this peel . I use it with other MyChelle products . I LOVE THIS LINE OF PRODUCTS !
 This product works really well . It tingles quite a bit when applied , but standing in front of a fan helps . It reduces large pores , fades sun damage , and generally makes your skin look like you have had a professional peel . I always glow after giving myself one . Plan on being a little red for a few hours , so do n't do it right before you are going out somewhere . I alternate between this and the pumpkin peel , and would purchase both items again .
 I was nervous to use this peel because I have had professional peels before at the spa and they have irritated my skin and caused breakouts afterward . So it was with trepidation that I used the trial-sized version of this peel yesterday . What a difference ! My skin looks fresh for the first time in over a year ! My recommendation to others who are nervous about buying skincare products is to get the travel kit
 This is the best peel I have ever used and I have tried a lot of them . I am a customer for life , unless they change this product .
 What an incredible peel . I 've tried other peels with chemicals and this is far superior . Smells amazing !! Works on my face and my hands which have little dark spots . I just love using this product for the way my face looks and feels .
 I have only been using this product for two weeks ... it does burn and feels itchy on the skin immediatly after applying the peel ... might want to sit in front of a fan to tolerate the 5 min your supposed to have this on the skin . I have acne prone skin with blotchy marks so I 'm hoping with regular use ... I can get the blotchy marks to lighten up . My advise , use this product once a week ... the first week , I used it 2 times and I noticed a small breakout around the corners of my chin . This product might be too strong to apply a couple or few times a week . other than all that ... the smell and texture of the peel feels luxerious . : - -RRB-
 Love the peel.extremely gentle and non-irritating unlike other peels I have used in the past.I use this 2-3 times per week and skin feels softer and smoother afterwards.Recommend this product for anyone looking for something natural and cruelty-free in a skincare line
 Great product . Smells wonderful , organic , cruelty free , ... good for you and for the Earth !
 I purchased this item due to my skin defect after birth contol pills . My OB-GYN doctor recommended birth control pills due to my age , almost 40 . After taking BCP for three months , my facial condition became terrible . I started having all pigmentations darker and increased , also even moles started showing up more and darker . My face became something else , not a human face , I thought . I got very much depressed and stopped going out . I have no idea , but my dermatologist never called me back either . I started looking up all over internet and found this item . So far so good . Its scent is good . Somehow , this product does not have detailed instruction or warning . It only has instruction on the outer box . -LRB- no extra insert information -RRB- . I have no idea how often I need to use this . No warnings of side affect either . So , I assumed and decided to use it once a month . Therefore , I really can not say if this product does work . I will update some months later.So far it is pretty good enough to use at home without big charge at a dermatologist 's office .
 This is the only shampoo that I will use for 2 weeks straight after I get my hair colored . It is so gentle , soothing & non-irritating , . . and it does n't strip color . Forget those color preserve shampoos , . . try this stuff , . . you 'll love it .
 This is the stuff for you if you have frizzy hair or fly-aways . Do n't use too much or you will have an oily look .
 I recently got a new hair style and this was sold to me at the salon as part of a three piece set . After I dry and flat iron my hair , I spray a bit of this on -LRB- at a distance -RRB- and it makes my hair feel very soft and look very shiny . Instead of being like hairspray or something else chemical-ish , it smells really nice and mild . You get a lot of it for the price and it 'll probably last quite a long time . I only wash my hair every other day , and this works really nice on the non-wash days to revive my hair so it does n't look dull . This is good stuff !
 Nice product . Will buy again . I do n't use it every day , but use it enough to be impressed with how far it goes . Some dislike the smell of it , but I think it is fine . Hair straighteners & curling irons are killers on healthy hair - this product provides some protection , shine and works like a very gentle styling solution .
 Since the name of this product is `` thermal polishing spray '' , you 'd expect it to be used BEFORE heat styling . However , I use it AFTER I 've straightened my hair as a polisher and I absolutely love it . It adds just enough shine without being greasy . -LRB- FYI , I have long , thin , fragile , colored , dry , medium-blonde hair -RRB- . I 've tried numerous other shine sprays and they all leave my hair with big greasy spots where the product gunks up . Not so with this spray . I 've never actually used it BEFORE heat styling . It might actually make my hair too greasy . I do n't know . But I am just about to order 2 more cans of this because I love it so much.As a side note , it is probably best to use this in a ventilated room because it is a micro fine mist that leaves quite a cloud . I just take a deep breath and hold it before I spray . : -RRB-
 Product was delivered quickly . It does a good job with protecting your hair from the heat of a flat iron . I think it makes my hair a bit flat and oily looking though . Probably will look for something else next time .
 This is another fabulous product from Chi . It is great iron guard to use to protect your hair while straightening and it leaves it shiny .
 I 'm still not sure if you 're supposed to spray on before or after straightening , but doing it before and after seems to work . I saw some people did n't like the smell , but I found the smell to not be bad at all , just smells like a hair product like you would smell in the salon . It does make hair shinier . I hold a few inches away from my head and spray real quick cause if you spray too much too close it does seem like it could make hair look greasy . I like it works great !
 I really like all chi products and this one is no different . The way the package arrived was kinda messed up but it traveled well and didnt break open or anything . Smells awesome and leaves hair very shiny without making it look greasy .
 Instantly makes hair shiney , but does n't keep the luster long . Also gives the hair a feeling of being greasy . BUT , when first applied-it looks great . Would be a good tool for a photographer .
 I have really fine , straight hair so I was really worried after reading some of the reviews that it would make my hair really greasy . So I am really surprised that it does n't . Like the other review , I like to either spray it in my hands or on the tips of my hair . It has really kept my hair from over drying since I blow dry it ever day . The only bad thing is that the smell reminds me of men 's Axe body spray .
 I bought this product to add shine to my damaged hair . If you have used silk infusion before by CHI the horrendous smell will be familiar . I do like that the product is also a TP for flat ironing purposes but you must use this VERY lightly or your hair will be an oil slick . I have very thick hair so for me to say this you know it is oily ! I do get great shine when using this product BUT I do not like that you can only use this before flat ironing or blow drying . It is n't the type of spray you can utilize just to get shine , it is just too greasy . I was hoping for both options . In any case if you want say `` shine on the go '' you will need something like bumble and bumble or another type of shine mist that is lighter . I do enjoy the results but not as versatile as I would like ! ps . CHI please please get a different fragrance for your product line everything smells like old man cologne ... bleh
 My wife found this in FL when we visited and she loved it . We could not find it stocked anywhere locally here in So CA , but found it online in the LA area via Amazon.com . She found the shine infusion to be of the exact same quality as the FL product , and she is very happy with it . It has made her hair much more manageable , given it more body , and made it less brittle .
 My hairdresser always uses this product when she irons my hair and i just love the way it looks . I have very thick , frizzy , dry hair and it looks like it is naturally straight when she uses it . I blow dried my hair and then as i was about to iron , i got sections and sprayed it evenly ... spray a little bit thought , if u put to much it will look awfully greasy and flat . Also , do n't spray it right on the hair ... get it a couple of inches away , spray and let the mist fall on the hair then iron . It will make ironing faster and the results will be so amazing . I am very sensitive to strong scents so that is the only draw back to this product b/c it almost gave me headache otherwise i am ecstatic with the results ... super straight , shiny and so soft !!!
 I love this spray to death , it works beautifully ! Its a great supplement to the chi air flat iron , and for the price , a real bargain .
 I have used this product for years as my hairdresser introduced this to me . Adds a beautiful shine to my hair.Mary
 I love this product . I first started using it when my hair dresser used it on my hair . I love the shine it gives .
 um well , like everyone says , if you put too much on , it 's going to appear greasy :P But , except for that , it 's pretty alsome , I mean when i have a bad hair day or if my hair is n't looking rite , it 's DEFINETLY going to fix it somehow !! < 3 So basically it protects your hair very well and it smells aweesome . : -RRB-
 I have wavy/curly hair which looks horrible in the morning . This product along with my Biosilk flat iron makes my hair strait and shiny ! The only bad things are that if you put too much in your hair it looks greasy , and that the smell is odd . I personally like the smell , but some people might not . Otherwise its an awesome product and works very well for me .
 I love this product CHI is the best everI received promptly on time from VendorI will definately order again
 I LOVE this stuff ! It made my hair as straight and shiny as my salon lady had it . I have tried several other products before with no relief , they still left my hair dull and lacking that salon look but not this one . I can not say enough good things about it . Finally , a product that really does what it says it will!GREAT , GREAT , GREAT !
 Do you want your hair to have a beautiful shine ? This product is the answer ! It may not work for everyone , but it has been nearly a miracle for me .
 This spray gives a great shine , be carful that you do n't spray to much or it will make your hair look greasy , a quick spray all over is all you need and it gives a great shine all day . Nice smell to ...
 I like this product alot . I agree with one of the other reviews written . I gives a great shine for the first day , after that it makes your hair a little greasy . As , long as you apply it wet , then dry & flat iron , you ca n't go wrong . It looks great every time .
 I can never live without my ceramic flat iron . I have a very curly hair and use flat iron to straighten it . CHI Shine Infusion is a great product to protect your hair against heat . It really does the job of taming your hair , smoothening , straightening and no frizz . It also smells very good like a regular shampoo . Some thermal products smell like real chemicals and you can typically smell it on a windy day too -LRB- lol -RRB- . Highly recommended for the price . I 've seen it sold for anywhere between $ 6 to $ 10 in other sites .
 I ca n't say enough about this product - I use it before I put the hot iron to my hair , and the finished result is great . Smooth , no frizz and I truly believe it is protecting my hair as well as making it incredibly shiny without weighing it down or making it look too greasy .
 I absolutely love this product ! I 'm AA and i have thick healthy hair . I have to flat iron it often , but not so much after using this for the past few days . I dont have to use it daily , and a little goes a long way . It gives my hair a nice soft shine , and it smells nice too . You can tell the difference as soon you begin to straighten your hair . -LRB- Was looking for silk infusion , came across this , took a chance and bought both . Love it ! -RRB-
 This is an excellent product for shine and it tames the flyaways.I use it on day 2 , or 3 -LRB- after the hair wash -RRB- and it makes your hairlook as good as the day you washed it ! Would n't want to be without this product ! Also , it smells really nice !
 CHI Thermal Polishing Spray works well if used lightly . It is easy to over do it though , which can make your hair look greasy . When sprayed lightly and at a distance , it does make my hair look shinier and feel silkier . Would I purchase it again ? Yes I would .
 My stylist uses this on my hair and I love it . It leaves my straigtened hair looking shiny and heathly instead of like straw . The scent is nice and it is easy to apply . Also it is cheaper here than at the salon . My overall opinion is that this is a great product to use if you use any hot iron on your hair to keep is smooth and flyaway free ! I have recommended this to all my friends and family .
 I do n't like shampooing my hair every day due to coloring . This product adds a `` just washed '' boost to my hair . It also protects from the heat of the curling iron . I recommend this to anyone !
 this product is wonderful too . I have medium hair that grows out wavy . I am in the process of growing out my relaxer . You can not tell where my new growth ends . My hair shimmers and moves . I will continue to use these products once my relaxer is gone .
 I love this stuff.It took me 2 cans to understand how to use it without getting my hair greasy . Use a little bit , and FAR from your head . Duh!I used to flat iron my hair on daily basis and this would always tame the flyaways . But now I wear my hair curly -LRB- think SJP -RRB- , and boy , does this help me to have the shiniest hair in town ... I get compliments all the time -LRB- including from a posh hairdresser around here in Boston -RRB- . Cool right?Would recommend it in a heart beat ! For me , it 's one of those things I ca n't live without .
 The first time I tried it , I sprayed it too close to the top of my head - that 's a BIG no ! Do n't spray it towards your scalp or your hair looks really greasy.Once I figured out to spray it towards the ends and middle of my hair , it worked so well ! Less is more with this though - do n't overspray . A little goes a long way.This works really well for my frizzy hair , too . Eliminated the fly-aways and flipped ends on my layered hair . It 's also great for shine and works as a thermal protection spray , too . I love it !
 This is another fabulous product from Chi . It is great iron guard to use to protect your hair while straightening and it leaves it shiny with no fly aways ! I love this stuff !
 I honestly really like this pen only because the filer is so great ! I filed my nails with them and then polished it after and everyone thought I got my nails done at a salon ! Better than emory boards !! Great buy !
 I purchased this for a christmas present and it showed up very fast and it is exactly as i hoped for !
 I absolutely love this thing ! It actually works as a nail cleaner , the file is great , cuticle pusher is great too ... and a pen ?!?! It is so small you can fit it anywhere , and has come in handy soooo many times . I bought the regular pen size by mistake last time I stocked up and the only difference is the size of the pen . I prefer the keychain bec you can fit it in smaller places , but that 's the only reason . I just take the keyring off . I add these to so many gifts and also use as stocking stuffers . I will be using these as shower favors as well . every woman needs one !
 This is a good product as it is a replacement for one I had that walked away in someone else 's hands . If it was n't good , I obviously would n't have replaced it . The only difference was that this one had a ` keychain ' on it ~ that I immediately removed . For one , the chain got in the way of one of the functions and second , I like that it is so skinny b/c it fits in my wallet and I can still close my wallet . Having a skinny pen in the wallet is great and the fact that it is also a nail file , etc. is a nice bonus . I actually bought 2 , just in case someone ` borrows ' my pen again and it disappears .
 I keep one of these at home and one in my purse . I use it all the time , and it 's come in handy often when a coworker says `` oh , I wish I had a nail file ... '' . I have one ! And a cuticle pusher , and a nail cleaner , and a pen ! No , it 's no substitute for a full-size emery board or a set of clippers , but that 's not the point here . You 're not supposed to sit around and do your nails with this . It 's for an emergency or for a quick touch up . And for that , it 's fantastic . And for * under a dollar * it ca n't be beat .
 Needed to get rid of the ugly bar soap in both the bathroom and kitchen . Figured I 'd give this a try as it is suppose to be a moisturizing hand soap . I love the size of the bottle , the pump is large enough so even a man can use it easily vs. those skinny , narrow pumps on many other products.I 'm not sure about the moisturizing part because my hands are always dry and the skin on my hands always feels tight but in all honesty , my hands are in water all the time . With 6 dogs , cooking , cleaning , and gardening I am always washing my hands so I do n't know if the soap is helping or not.I got the 2-pack
 I have been using this soap for about a year now . I use it not only at the sink but also in the shower . Before I started using this I used to have the driest elboes ever ... now they are nice and soft along with the rest of skin . Granted I never lotion because I hate the smell of most of them -LRB- I have bad allergies -RRB- and with this soap now I do not have to and I still get nice skin .
 This soap works great , wo n't dry your hands too much , smells good and lasts much longer than you would expect .
 Softsoap Milk Protein and Honey is my favorite hand soap by Softsoap . I wash my hands at least 20 times a day . I am a germ freak . I do n't get sick that often , because i always wash my hands . Softsoap is the best hand soap there is . This is my favorite kind of brand . I wo n't buy any other brand of hand soap . Softsoap always gets my hands clean .
 I prefer liquid soap to the solid and for me anyway , there seems to be more of a choice in fragrances with liquid . I love this brand , only a dab will do , once my hands are in the water it works its magic . Does n't seem to dry out my skin either .
 It gives me some coverage without a caked-on makeup look . I also prefer to shop from vegan cruelty-free companies . This size will last me for several months with almost daily use .
 I 've been using this for about a year now and LOVE it ! I 'm very picky about what goes on my face too . No irritation at all , goes on very smooth and stays on . I highly recommend !!!
 Great to have found reasonably priced vegan cosmetics ! = -RRB- I was afraid this shade would be some scary 80s or frosted color , but it turns out to be perfect . Stays on long too .
 Great color that lasts a long time ! Best price , fast shipping , and seamless ordering process .
 OPI isa great nail polish ! This color is great , because it goes with any color I am wearing . I love it !
 I 've been using these cleansning cloths along with Olay 's Total Effects Night Firming Cream for Face and Neck and have been getting very nice results . These cloths lather up nicely and gently clean away what the day leaves behind on our faces . It 's great for removing make-up , and does n't leave a tight dry feeling like most soaps do.The cloths are two sided . One side is textured and is great for exfoliating . The other side is smooth and used for rinsing , The cloth makes quite a bit of lather though , so use it up , rinse the cloth , and then rinse your skin with it.I like that these are NOT `` pre-moistened '' . The pre-moistened ones will sometimes dry up if not sealed well . With these , just wet , lather , then throw away.This 3 pack of refills -LRB- 30 to a pack -RRB- is a great buy , and doing double duty they moisturize as they clean . For anyone trying to defy the effects of aging , one thing that really helps is to keep the moisturizing creams flowing!Oh Yeah . . and when I added them to my cart they showed up as an item eligible for super saving shipping -LRB- with qualifying total amount -RRB- Highly recommended for clean , soft skin ... Laurie
 Now that we are limited to a one-quart zip top bag of liquids and gels when flying I am constantly looking for ways to get everything I need in that little bag . These cleansing cloths are DRY so they do n't have to go in that one quart baggie - leaving you more room in there for things like shampoo , conditioner , mascara , hair gel , foundation primer , eyelash primer , hair spray , perfume , etc. etc. .
 These are great for every day cleansing , and they leave your skin looking wonderful . My mom likes to cut them into quarters to make them last longer , and that works well . The whole cloth is large enough to do a quick sponge bath if you 're in a situation where that 's necessary - on a long plane or train ride , camping , a long car trip.Because it 's a pre-treated dry cloth , these are really easy to carry . Take a little stack with you when you travel and there 's nothing to spill . As someone else mentioned , they 're great for airplanes . It 's easy to keep one in your purse to freshen up , too , though you do need water . For a water-free solution , try Olay Regenerist MicroExfoliating Wet Cleansing Cloths - 30 Ea . I find these to be a little gentler than the wet cloths , so they 're my first choice , because the wet ones have a stronger anti-aging treatment in them.I like these better than the Daily facial cloths - they seem gentler on my skin , but they have that great age defying treatment . Follow withOlay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum , Concentrated Amino-Peptide Complex , Fragrance Free - 1.7 fl ozfor maximum results .
 I have tried every kind of pony tail holder on the market , and these are the best by far . I have fine hair and these hold all day with no pulling or breakage when you take them off . Buy several packages however as they do n't last long .
 I bought both the 2MM and 4MM elastics , and the 4MM seem to hold hair better especially if you have thicker hair , and want to style your hair in a higher ponytail.They may be fine if you have thinner hair or wear your ponytail at the nape of your neck , or if you use them for small braids .
 When the 12 tiny hair bands arrived in their little package , I felt I 'd overpaid . They were just thin strips of plastic . But they seem to be tough , they definitely stay in place , and they 're so thin and light that you hardly see them . They stretch more than you expect , and they make my hair stay in a ponytail much better than the usual fabric-covered elastics . I 'm satisfied and ordering more -LRB- because the one problem these bands have is they 're very easy to lose ! -RRB-
 These are the best hair bands I 've found so far . I have long , medium thickish , hair and these bands always hold . My hair is black , so I 've used the black and the clear bands . These look much nicer than the clunky hair bands that they sell in the grocery store .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I was introduced to Canus Goat Milk Bar Soap by buying it in a specialty shop in a resort town for $ 3.99 a bar . I went home , I used it and loved it ! -LRB- I live in Arizona where the humidity is very low and everyone has dry skin . -RRB- I was willing to pay the price because of how my skin felt and more importantly how my husband 's skin responded . We have been married for 12 years and all this time his skin has been rough , red and irritated no matter what lotions or soaps he used . We noticed a difference in a few days but after a few weeks , the irritation began to ease and now his skin is cleared up , smooth and ... well , normal ! I 'd be willing to pay almost anything for these results , but with this deal , the 5 oz bar is less than $ 1.50 a bar . I 'm sold , and continue to try other Canus products . So far , I 'm happy with them all , especially the Butter . I have sent samples to all my family who have sensitive , irritated skin and we 'll see how they respond , but if they have half the improvement that my husband and I have , I know they will be fans like we are . We love goat milk !
 Wifey was given a bar of the Canus Goat 's Milk Bar Soap by a neighbor who swore by its ability leave the skin smooth and soft . So wifey used it in the shower and really liked it , thus convinced that it was safe would do me no harm I tried it . I found the soap to be good for washing up , had no odor and left my skin feeling clean and hydrated plus I did n't have any strange urges to eat tin cans : > -RRB- We liked it and wanted more `` Goat Soap '' but did n't want to beg the neighbor for more so I was given the task of finding it . Amazingly , a Google search revealed that it was available through Amazon and if I ordered enough I would get free shipping . I placed the order , it came a week later and wifey was thrilled . Happy wife , happy life .
 Have tried lots of soaps in my 50 years and would not use anything else !
 I was very happy to come across the Canus Goat 's Milk products and have tried them all . The hand soap is so mild that a woman can use it on her face and not dry her skin out . Along with this product by Canus they have many other wonderful products and my favorite is the Body Butter . I sent a collection of products to my parents in Wisconsin and they have enjoyed all the them . My father has had skin problems for most of his life and he uses the moisturizing lotion over his entire body . I strongly suggest folks trying all of these products .
 This is a wonderful soap . It is very moisturizing -LRB- I hardly ever use moisturizer when I get out of the shower -RRB- and it smells so fresh and clean ! I am often complimented on how good I smell - I now buy it as gifts for people ! It is very reasonably priced ! I actually love all the Canus products I have tried - I 'd write a smashing review on all of them but I have twin two year olds and do n't have time !!!
 I really like this soap . It does not leave a scum in the shower but does leave a light , refreshing scent on the body which seems to last most of the day . Good packaging and fast shipping . I will definitely order again .
 This is a nice , mild soap . The 5 oz . bars are very large , lather up well , and are long-lasting . The only thing I do n't like is the scent , because it 's so strong that I can smell it when I walk into my bedroom . Next time I 'll buy the unscented version -LRB- which I did n't see when I ordered this -RRB- .
 I have been very pleased with this soap . It helps to relieve dry skin and smells wonderful , plus it lathers really well . I have not found that to be true with other goat 's milk soaps .
 This is one of the only scented soaps that I can use without irritating my skin . It smells wonderful -LRB- not quite floral , very fresh
 This is my second order of this great soap . We find the price much better than buying it locally . We love the product and use it exclusively in our bath room . Amazons price and service can not be beat.Jack McNeal
 This soap is wonderful . . ALL other soaps that I have used dried my skin and made it itch ... This soap makes your skin soft and takes away the dryness & itching.I am so glad i found this product . I do not have to worry about reactions to chemicals that are in other soaps . . this is a very natural product and it cleans & softens the skin . It is safe to use on your face .
 A good product , I like the way it smells and the softness it leaves your skin feeling .
 My whole family loves this soap . It is n't drying and lasts a long time.Having one kind of soap that all of us will use makes life a little simpler .
 I have used this product for a number of years as has my family . Have found no better . In the dry -LRB- humidity -RRB- Upper Midwest during the Winter , this product really moisturizes , but is not greasy . The milling of the soap is such that it lasts a very long time .
 I was unable to buy this product locally , and was delighted when I found it at Amazon . Our local store that used to carry it , does no more , and it is the one soap I am not allergic to .
 My wife and I have been using this soap for a couple of years now and we love it . Do n't let the name fool you ... this soap smells great ! The best benefit is the moisturizing effect of the goat 's milk . We could only get this soap locally at a gift store and we paid over twice as much for it there . We were extremely pleased to find it here on Amazon .
 I love this soap . I no longer get any skin rashes now that I use this product . Yay !
 Canus has great goat 's milk products and here is another one . It leaves your skin soft after bathing and no irritation . I use this on my children as they have sensitive skin and they like it .
 I was given a Canus gift pack a few years back and I 've loved it ever since . The scent is clean , soapy-smelling and long-lasting . It 's somewhat moisturizing , but I really just use it for the scent . I also use the Canus Li'l Goat 's Milk Tearless Shampoo/Body Wash on my little one so she smells good too !
 This soap is fantastic . Clean smelling , long lasting and great price . I would highly recommend .
 If Goat 's Milk was good enough for the Queen of the Nile , it certainly is good enough for me ! I have been using Canus Goat 's Milk soap for decades and although I am in my 50 's most would think I look thirty . Goat 's Milk is LOADED with butter fat and other good things from nature and has protected me against sun damage and the harsh winter 's of New England . The Natural fragrance fills my bath area and takes me away to the pools of Egypt and fresh flower petals strewn upon the water . There is NO finer soap available ! Understand what I am saying ... You CAN pay a LOT More but you will NEVER get a FINER or BETTER soap than Canus Goat 's Milk Soap . I hope they NEVER run out so I can continue to look half my age . I am SO grateful to Canus and those darling little goats ! Dennis R. Troy , Worcester , MA Or DENNISTHEMENACE48 ON EBAY
 This is a wonderful product !! It is fanastic at helping moisturize dry winter skin and the bars are long lasting . It has a pleasant clean smell , not a perfume type smell .
 This soap smells great , in fact it make my bathroom smell good just by having a bar of soap in the shower . My skin has been dry and itchy due to harse winter . And after using this product my skin looks and feels great .
 I really liked this soap ! It dosent dry my skin out and it has a wonderful scent to it.Would recommend .
 I was so happy to receive my 4 boxes of St. Ives ' goat 's milk soap . None of my local pharmacies carry this product anymore . It has the richest lather and the mildest touch on my sensitive skin of any soap I 've used . I gave a bar to a friend and she said she , too , had never used a richer , cleaner soap . Sometimes I think this soap 's so good I 'll eat it for breakfast , ha , ha . J.Z. Brooks
 -LRB- This review is being written by David 's wife , Sharon -RRB- . I have been using this soap for almost three years now and we often give it as presents for special occasions , as X-mas , birthdays , etc. . Everyone that we have given this soap to are completely hooked on it . I was amazed at the value we received by buying it on-line . A complete savings of over $ 1.00 per bar plus tax . It is so creamy and it leaves your skin soft and great smelling , too ! Even the guys like it ! Now we do n't have to purchase this great soap by the bar ... We buy it by the case ! It 's extremely great in these cold Mid-West winters when your skin tends to dry out .
 This product works great for dry skin . It keeps it most but no film left over .
 A nice , all purpose soap which wo n't dry your skin . My husband does n't like it because it does n't make bubbles , but he just does n't understand the difference between superfatted soap which is good for your skin and harsh , bubbly soap that dries it .
 Have been using this product for at least eight years now . Great price and great shipping . Will order more as Chritmas presents soon .
 I bought this soap last summer at Whole Foods , put it away , and forgot about it . Last week I found it in my linen closet and tried it . I was amazed and so happy with it . It very luxurious and creats alot of lather . My skin was left soft , and SQEEKY CLEAN !! I have actually never felt so clean inall my life !! I even used it towash my hair . My hair was clean , thick and wavy . I bought the Lavender scented soap , and my skin smelled wonderful . I have been giving it to friends and family . I went back to Whole Foods today to stock up . The manager told me that they carry 2500 different soaps , and THIS soap is their best seller . I bought the lavender scented soap again for 3 / $ 6.00 . I 'm not sure if Amazon sells this scent . If they did I could save some money .
 I 've used the Canus Goat 's Milk Bar Soap in the unscented version and really liked the long lasting , not over-sudsy bar that was quite solid in the hand . I recently purchased a few bars of the original scented version and I personally find it to be a strong scent . My bathroom smells like the soap and the closet smells like the remaining unopened boxes of soap . Although I would give the unscented option 5 stars , the description led me to believe that this would be a very benign scent and it 's not . I would describe it as a healthy smelling soap as opposed to an artificial or flowery scent , so it 's received a full 4 stars from me .
 Such a nice smell . It cleans good too . Definitely a bargain if you get them here at Amazon .
 We have been using this soap for the past 4 years and love it ! I worked at a mail order seed company and this was one of the products that we offered in our garden products section . I bought a bar and brought it home thinking that I would be the only one to use it because it had a very nice scent , but was I wrong ! My husband grabbed the bar by accident and after his shower asked me what kind of soap it was . He said it made his skin so soft and he has exzema so any type of soap that would help it was well worth the price ! I got a new job last year and was so happy to find this soap here at Amazon ! It is actually less expensive here than it was at my old job even with the shipping charges . We will continue to buy this product for as long as it is available !
 I have been using this soap for about 5 years and my dry flakey skin is gone . The same for a granddaughter who has a lot of skin allergies .
 This soap feels like the soap you had whn you were a kid . It smells wonderful , and does not dry out your skin . I have used more expensive soap , but this is much better .
 An all natural soap ... Smells great , wont burn ur eyes and helps protect the animals and enviroment ... Give it a try , you wont be sorry !
 Canus is a wonderful soap . It smells great , cleans well and does not dry our skin . Our children first put us on to it , we bought it , and now it is our only shower soap . We just hope it never goes away !! Kolman and Sharon Kleinbord
 I LOVE this soap ! My girlfriend and I use to stock up at a little gift shop up north when we 'd go to the lake each summer . I 've never seen it anywhere else . It 's kind of spicy -LRB- is it clove , or carnation ? -RRB- and clean smelling , and my boyfriend always goes , `` Mmm ... '' and nuzzles me when I 've just showered with it . Amazon has the best pricing , and the automatic subscription program ca n't be beat . I often wrap up 2-3 bars with tissue and ribbon and give it as a hostess gift .
 I had purchase the canus goat milk soap it cleans very well , it does not leave my skin dry . the soap has a nice scent to it , I would definitely recommend this soap .
 Not too drying , pleasant smell . I thought it might get moushy since it did not seem dry enough but it lasted a long time and the whole bathroom smells nice .
 I first used this soap when the owner of the small gym I belonged to had free samples she 'd somehow received . I thought it was great , but could n't find it anywhere . Then I thought to check -LSB- ... -RSB- and was pleased to find the whole line . I got the free shipping option when I purchased it so that was all the better . The soap is very soft and gentle but does n't leave any residue like some common `` lotion '' soaps at drug stores . It rinses away completly but leaves my skin soft . I like it enough to actually write a review !
 Thank you for fast easy service , the product is very important tony students . We have used it on a daily basis to help cut down on the spread of colds and other germs
 Great price fast shipping I have 4 of the wall dispensers around the house so it was a good deal for me
 I used to use soap and water between seeing people . Now a quirk squirt and I wipe my hands together for a few seconds until dry . No lingering scent , irritation or tachyness .
 We bought this to go with our Purell Dispenser for our Co-Op 's community gym to cut down on germs . The residents absolutely love it .
 This self tanner is really east to apply , and turns your skin an even , natural bronze . It really looks like you just got a little sun the day before . I 've used on my face as well with no problems . It smells a little like coconut -- way more like sunscreen than the nasty smell of self tanner . My only two complaints are that is is very pricey , and that you have to wear gloves when you apply it . It must be very fast acting , because even when I wash my hands right away , I end up with the tell-tale orange palm syndrome .
 A relatively expensive lotion , but provides a better experience than I 've had before with these types of products . Just to be brief , the `` tan '' looks natural and healthy , the tanner smell is faint -LRB- and masked VERY well by a subtle but effective `` orange julius '' aroma -RRB- , and the color lasts for a few days . I have only seen one or two spots of streaking/uneven color in my history of its use
 I 've been using California North Titanium Self-Tanner for years , all year around and it 's the absolute best . People ask me all the time where I 've been to get such a nice tan . It smells good too . The downside is that when you perspire , it does mark your clothing . Fortunately , it washes out .
 I bought this a few years ago & LOVE it !!! It gradually builds a natural looking base tan . I can even use this product on my face , which is amazing because I have a very sensitive face . My only advice for someone using this product is to make sure to exfoliate & moisturize thoroughly the day before you apply - if you have any dry or dead skin it will absorb more tanner & you will end up with orange splotches . If I apply per the directions -LRB- twice the first time -RRB- only once a week this tan lasts well over a week ... FYI - this stuff will stain your clothes MAJORLY ! so plan on bein nekked & air drying it for at least 15 min ...
 When the PrettyPretty cosmetic line by James Vincent discontinued , I was so sad . This product is the closest item to the original &#34; face salve &#34; from 2003 . For use as a cheek stain/eyeshadow/all over face color , it is a great muli-functional product that gives cheeks a dewy finish .
 I use this stuff every day . Plus for sunburns . Great Stuff , but I think it used to smell better . Oh well , I guess they are leaving out some of the perfume . Feels great on the skin , and none of the yuckiness like actual fresh aloe . Love it !
 This is my favorite cream of all time ! The smell is exactly the aroma of freshness as if you just stepped out of a shower smelly so clean . I 've turned all my female friends on this cream , and I have never gotten tired of wearing it after 6 years . It goes on smooth , since it 's more like a body milk , it leaves your skin so incredibly soft and silky . I was out one day and one of my gilfriends touched my arm and was astonished at how soft my skin was . I told her it was Cabotine body cream . And sometimes I do n't even need to wear any perfume , since this is so fresh smelling and subtle that there 's no need to wear perfume . And everyone at the office , thought I had the freshest smelling clothes , like they just came out of a dryer . Little do they know it 's my body cream . I HIGHLY recommend this cream , it 's worth every penny !
 Great deal on this magnificent perfume , I couldnt be happier . Its the second time I have used Amazon to purchase this perfume for my mothers Christmas presents !!
 I 've worn Samsara Eau De Toilette by Guerlain for several years which says a lot . Normally , I get bored and move on to a new scent . But Samsara is an addictive scent . It 's light , clean and sensual . Without fail , when I wear it someone notices , likes it , and asks what scent it is . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Received quickly and in perfect condition . Better deal than I could find at any of the department stores . Very pleased .
 I found this sent many years ago when I was in my early twenties and I have always been very fond of it and it has an intrigingly wonderful scent that lasts throughout the day .
 About 10 years ago when my husband was in the Orient , he bought me a bottle of Samsara and I have worn no other perfume since .
 I love this perfume but hate mall perfume counters . This perfume drives me crazy . Do n't know what is in it but I love it on my wife .
 Samsara has captivated the best of the fantasy . I hardly for years tried to convince someone to try other fragances but failed , and Samsara continues to ve the maximum among exquisite and strength .
 This is the real deal , genuine &#34; Samsara , Eau De Toilette &#34; in a large 3.4 ounce bottle . Excellent price , protectively well packaged , and it arrived quite quickly . Great vendor , highly recommended !
 I Love Samsara !! I bought it for myself as a Christmas gift !! I 've been wearing it for 10 + yrs !! It 's my Fave !!
 I 've uses samsara for years . Great scent that lasts for hours . Lots of compliments . Not too heavy , flowery or sweet
 My wife likes this product and she isuse it for more 20 years ago and I like it too for many years .
 I have been wearing Samsara for 15 years . It has such a seductive scent that people stop me to ask what perfume I 'm wearing ! I found that no other scent lasted as long or got me such wonderful compliments . I 'm a Samsara user for life !
 Purchashed for my wife . She has gotten alot of compliments on the smell . A very good buy , also because it ` s 4 times cheaper than the best price that I could find here in Brazil .
 Samsara is great . I always get it for my wife for special occasions like anniversaries . This was a good price and online buying is a good convenience .
 I love Samsara . . it is so very very nice ... it 's sexy ... and I get a lot of compliments and a lot of . . OHHHH you smell sooo good : -RRB-
 This is one of the best smelling perfumes of all time . I am always complimented on how good I always smell . I can not smell the perfume throughout the day , but everyone else can , they loved it , so do I. I have tried many others but I always go back to samsara , no matter what .
 Samsara has been my favorite scent since I first found it at age 19 back in 1990 . I occasionally wear other scents , but this remains my undying favorite . I always receive compliments when I wear it and I 've never tired of it . It is deep and complex scent with a beautiful mystical feeling which always makes me feel sexy and feminine . I recommend the Eau De Parfum simply because it easily lasts all day .
 My Wife is very pleased with this product . Twice as much product for only 2/3 of the costs buying locally . Arrived on time for it to make a nice Christmas gift . Easy to find at amazon.com . I can find just about anything I want to purchase at amazon.com . No need to leave home for shopping .
 This is by far is my favorite perfume . I 've been wearing it since i was seventeen and I always get compliments . Its not a flowery fragrance at all-smells like smoky vanilla and musk at first , then mellows out into somewhat sweet powdery scent . I think its a bit heavy for summer but for the cool months it ca n't be beat .
 THIS PERFUME IS GREAT . IT WAS A GFIFT FROM A FRIEND AND NOW IM TOTALLY HOOKED . NOT TOO STRONG , JUST THE RIGHT BLENDS , CREATING A SCENT THAT LEAVES ME FEELING ENERGIZED , AND SEXY .
 I received the product on time and exactly how was specify on their advertise . Good quality and price . I recomend it
 This has been my signature scent since the year it came out . I get so many compliments when ever I wear it . FAST shipping & excellent product
 I had forgotten about this perfume ! I used to wear it about 10 years ago and had completely forgotten how much I loved it and when I saw it on Amazon , I knew I had to order it . I admit , I checked the websites of my local department stores and was amazed at how much more they wanted , so I came back and ordered it . Now when I wear it , I 'm reminded of things I did in my &#34; younger &#34; years !
 This is VERY hard to find , so I was grateful to find what looked like the last one on the Internet . It is a gift and the outer box is battered at the edges , but otherwise it 's find . Arrived very quickly and well-packaged . All in all , just fine .
 This is my moms favorite perfume and I got it at a great price . It came brand new in box just as described . I 'm glad I found and will use again .
 I always get asked &#34; what are you wearing &#34; or &#34; you really smell good &#34; . Really nice fragrance . I wear it in the fall and winter
 I purchased the bottle of Arnica Infused Oil as the carrier oil for a icy-hot salve that I created to deal with tough knee pain . This oil was clear , with only a faint bitter odor , and not too greasy feeling . It makes life simpler when you can find an already-made herbal oil infused with exactly what you need . The oil was packaged in a beautiful blue plastic 4oz bottle , protecting it from damaging UV rays , so I felt I had some measure of trust that this oil was still viable . The salve it made did exactly what it was supposed to in that it provided relief , so I feel that this oil was still viable and worked wonderfully for the purpose I needed . I will be ordering from this seller again , as they delivered what they promised , a wonderfully infused carrier oil that was pure and exceptional in quality .
 I guess I misread the description , thought I was getting a set of two different sized brushes , I only got one . I do love it though .
 These brushes are great ! They do n't pull your hair and styling is better than the all boarhead bristles.Seller ships fast and included a free gift !
 Straight out the package this hair is ROUGH ! You CAN run your fingers through it but it has a rough texture . It was only until I read the hair care instructions that it explained the reason behind this initial texture ; the hair has been sun dried at the company after they shampoo . However , once you shampoo it with your shampoo and conditioner , IT COMES TO LIFE just as promised in the hair care instruction letter . The texture is now soft with a low luster so it matches perfectly with my natural hair texture . I can run my fingers through it and I do n't get any tangles or shedding . This does not get five stars only because the color was NOT the color I was expecting to get . They advertised this hair as a 1b and I received a 2b . So , I had to dye it an off black color and the hair took the color perfectly . However , because of the processing , I now receive one or two strands of hair a day . I do n't mind it though because overall I love the hair and I will keep it for some months ! Also its kind of thin so if you like a fuller look I suggest you go for 3 packs of hair . I will be buying another pack .
 when I saw this hair online it was a tossup between it and several others . That night I dreamed that I was at Carnivale in Rio . I knew that was not going to happen . Since I am from New Orleans I went to Mardi Gras instead . The day I left on that 13 hour drive from my home in Georgia I had it professionally sewn in and I was immediately transformed into the girl with `` pretty hair . '' The length -LRB- 18 inches -RRB- adds to the drama . The color perfectly matched my own hair.It is wavy and shiny and oil thick looking . IT DOES SHED SOME so if you want a thicker look you will need two to two and a half packs . I have been stopped by strangers commenting on `` my Hair '' How depressing . Rio DE Janiero Blues !
 my all time favorite red polish - you ca n't find it in stores anymore - but you can find it online . Use it once and you 're hooked for life .
 This discontinued color is saturated with true , rich red . One coat would do sufficiently ; however , I prefer 2 for the saturation .
 Like natural lip color with flare and lots and lots of shine . It 's not too sticky , like other brands . : -RRB-
 `` Great quality product ! '' . I enjoy using this product with the color lip pencil that I also purchased to use with it . Unfortunately , it did not stay on my lips for a satisfactory amount of time .
 It 's a floral , minty kind of smell that yes may works better with some people.People always compliment it and love it!And the guys love it . It smells great even when it wears off a bit.I recommend the pink one as well , the Rose I believe . I look forward to trying the others by Cabotine.It 's cheap but great . It can be found at TJ Maxx and Ross , where I first discovered them .
 This scent is tricky . I 've heard it described as a green scent - but when I first sprayed it I immediately associated it with Givenchy 's Ysatis , which strikes me as much more of a yellowy-amber scent . The initial spray is overpowering and chemically . Its quite awful really , all ginger and chemicals . Yuck . Wait a few minutes though and it calms down well with a very unusual and yet feminine ginger/floral scent . An hour later it smells lovely , feminine , and soft , more of a white scent than anything else . It doesnt last TOO long , maybe 5-6 hours but its a very nice casual scent and unlike anything I 've ever smelled before . Recommended for anyone who 'd like a unique and striking casual perfume and are willing to wait a few minutes for it to settle , then Cabotine is for you .
 This fragrance is so clean and light . Have constantly gotten complements on the scent . Best price is on Amazon . Have checked many other sights and this one , by far , is the cheapest . Try it , you 'll really love it .
 This was a gift for my mom . She loves this one and been using it for years . Excellent price and great service .
 I bought this product as a gift , actually it was my girlfriend who bought this as a gift for one of her family members . It arrived in a timely fashion and unopened , so it arrived in the condition it was advertised in . My girlfriend is happy with the product and I would buy from this seller again .
 I buy 5 bottles of this stuff a year for my wife - she 's French and has worn it since she was a kid . It 's the only perfume she 's ever used , no matter what else comes along , so it must be good !
 I looked all over for this robe for my son-in-law and was very happy when I discovered it on Amazon.com . I was orginally concerned about the sizing but it turn out to be a good fit . Now if only I could find a different team for my son in a bigger size .
 I bought this soap for my boyfriend for his birthday . The smells are awesome , it not only smells great but it stays with him all day long . Of course i 'm speaking from my own point of view . He 's only been using it 2 weeks and in 2 weeks i can feel the difference in his skin , The lemongrass seems to melt away any dead or flaky skins leaving his skin really soft and smooth . Its awesome , he loves it , i love it , you 'll love it . I also found the mint to be one of my babies favorites , its gentle on his skin and he likes to sniff it a lot : -RRB-
 Roccobarocco Silver has been so hard to get lately ... I finally , after two years , found it on line ... You can not find this perfume in the malls or departments stores anymore ... The perfume smells great which also lasts all day long . .
 Just as advertised - Works great and pricing was super - great deal
 I 'm on my second one of these mirrors . I had my first one for years and it finally broke . The lights are nice and bright but not too hot -- which is important when your face is right next to it for 10-15 minutes .
 This is exactly what I was looking for in a lighted makeup mirror !!! Small enough that I can use it anywhere without it being in the way , and the bulbs , bright enough to see what I 'm doing . I would have been pleased with just the one regular mirror , but having the 3x mag . mirror also , very cool!Excellent value , works great !
 This is my second Jerdon makeup mirror . Love the compact size , it 's even small enough to throw into your carry-on !
 I absolutely love this mirror it is great for putting on make-up and tweezing eyebrows it 's perfect !!!
 This product transforms my coarse and frizzy hair into the smooth , manageable , shiny hair I 've always wanted . My hair does n't even seem like my own since I 've started using this . It 's a little pricey but worth every penny . It works much better for me personally than Phyto Defrisant , or any other anti-frizz product I 've tried . My favorite thing about this product is the fact that you can use it on wet or dry hair , so you do n't need a separatesmoothing balm after you blow dry and style ... this product does it all .
 Was shopping downton Seattle my hair was starting to frizz ran into the local Sephora bought a small sample container of the glossing cream . Put it on my hair to smooth it down and it actually smoothed down my hair and it looked great . That is hard to do when you have naturally curly hair and you are walking in a misty Seattle day . My only regret is not buying the larger size . Give it a try you will love it ...
 There are currently 24 reviews about Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream and I think I see that there is maybe one or two people who did not think that this product is great.I 'm one that loves tFrederic Fekkai Glossing Cream because I feel that it really saved my hair . For the longest time I had hair that was coarse and thick but worse it was damaged . My thick , coarse hair was always frizzy because of over processing -LRB- dying my hair -RRB- and I wanted to chop it all off because I felt there really was no hope for it.I posted my problem out on a makeup forum and a member suggested that I this . The very first day I tried this my hair felt soft and silky and after a month of continues use my hair now frizz free , soft , silky and shiny.This is the hair I have always wanted in my life , I spent years with my hair up in a pony tail or slathered with gel and mouse in an attempt to control the frizz but these days I wash my hair , towel dry and add just a small amount of Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream and that 's it.Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream is about 30 something dollars which may seem pricey to some but you do n't need much or if you do add too much your hair WILL look oily . My hair is nearly waist length and I still only use a dime size and only apply it to hair past my scalp . I use just whatever left over residue is on my hands after running the product through my hair to give a bit of control to the hair on top of my scalp and I never work it into the hair on my scalp or again my scalp hair will look greasy.I compare Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream to when I use to use a leave in conditioner I use to purchase from my local grocery store which was about 5 to 6 dollars a bottle -LRB- not including tax -RRB- and would last a little more than a month . Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream will last me at least over 6 or 7 months so at 30 dollars it 's pretty comparable.Also even when I used a leave in conditioner I needed something to keep control my frizzy hair so this was an added expense on top of the cost of the leave in conditioner.Because my hair is thick and coarse I MUST use something to detangle it after I shower so Frederic Fekkai Glossing Cream has replaced my leave in conditioner and styling product .
 Bought this item about a month ago . I 've noticed a difference after washing it and applying this lotion to it . Just a pea size amount . It 's helped with keeping it shinny and with less friz . Would recommend this product .
 I got a sample of this a few years ago , and I 've been using it daily since . I can flat iron or leave my thick curly hair natural . It adds so much shine and it tames my hair beautifully . I live in south Louisiana where we have 100 % humidity constantly , so this works wonders on me . This is NOT for women with fine , thin hair . It will totally weigh it down and make it look greasy , but for those of us with thick hair , it works wonders : -RRB-
 I love this stuff . It makes my hair so soft and sleek . Just do n't use too much or your hair might look a little greasy .
 Yes , it 's pricey but this glossing creme really does deliver and , unlike similiar products , it wo n't make your hair greasy . Even the day after applying without a wash in-between , my hair still felt ok . You will see the results better in a brightly-lit room so keep in mind what you see in your bathroom mirror may not do it justice . Plus , the olive oil will make your hair super soft . My hairdresser always asks what I 've been using.I have short , thick , color-treated hair with occasional minor dryness issues . Unlike other reviewers , I alas am not able to use this product for styling as well . But for shine and softness , it really does deliver what it promises .
 The company did not send this item . They said that it got lost in the mail and that they did not have anymore .
 I bought this stuff immediately after trying it at my friend 's house . I had straightened my hair , was in her bathroom , and decided to try it -LRB- since she 's raved about it before -RRB- . Instantly , my dry hair became smooth and wonderful and I knew that I just HAD to go out and buy it . Since then , I 've persuaded my sister to buy it.The directions say to use it before and after styling my hair . I use it only after my hair is dry , and sometimes later in the day if I feel I need softer hair again . I think it works best when your hair is dry . It pretty much eliminates the dry ends that I have , and makes my hair oh-so-smooth and touchable . Now , I can not imagine straightening my curly hair without it . Wonderful ! Totally worth it!Also , the product seems to last forever . I only use a very small portion -LRB- a dot the size of a dime -RRB- , and I have lots of long hair . It seems a little pricey at first , but it does last .
 Living in the Southwest the sun can take its baking toll on hair unless you 're wise and usually wear a hat . -LRB- I 'm not wise and I do n't really care for hats . Every once in a while there 's an errant breeze during the summer months , and it feels good touching and lifing your hair -RRB- Now , I 've accepted the blame for often dry lackadaisical locks , what 's the solution?For me , Fekkai 's Glossing Cream with its addition of pure olive oil delivers shine , hydration and manageability . It comes in the trademark Fekkai tube -LRB- easy to squeeze with wet hands -RRB- . Since my hair is fine and fly-away it works best for me if I rub a small amount between my palms on towel dried hair and stroke through . Then I repeat the process after blow drying and before styling.It 's incredibly light yet effective . Even an up raised eye brow could weigh down my hair , and this does not . Fekkai is simply the finest !
 I 'm a hair product junkie - I have tried several `` glossing '' creams before , and usually they just make my hair oily . Not this stuff . I apply I pea-sized amount to my towel-dried hair and blow dry . It works great - my hair is noticably shinier and softer when I use it . It also works nicely after blow-drying , followed by a straighting iron . All of the products I 've tried from this line have worked beautifully - and the bottle has lasted me over 4 months .
 I live in South Florida , the humidity does awful things to my dyed hair . With so many new products boasting overnight success to dry , damaged frizzy hair ... it 's easy to remain skeptical . However , this product eliminates frizz without a greasy , heavy residue . It has rejuvenated my hair and leaves it looking glossy and healthy . It is amazing and I would recommend it to all of my friends .
 My hair is thick , wavy , unruly , etc. . This is the ONLY cream I have ever found that can tame it . I pray they never discontinue it . I put it on after drying my hair . It makes it so soft and non-frizzy . BUY THIS PRODUCT , YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT .
 Lots of people have written about the value of this stuff for straightening curly hair or taming frizzy hair . Me , I have a thick head of long , straight , super-fine hair . -LRB- Is it possible for hair to be both thick and fine at the same time ? Yes , it is . -RRB- It flies away and tangles easily , while also becoming weighed down if I use too much product . This glossing cream is the best , though ! I always put it on after blow-drying or air-drying , a pea-sized drop is enough , and I never apply it to the hair near my scalp -LRB- I put it on about the last 2/3 of my hair , actually -RRB- . Following these guidelines results in shiny , glossy , tangle-free hair all day long !
 worth every penny , girls ! I 've tried it all , believe me , ALL . I was sick of my boring , dull , and dry looking hair -LRB- even though it is healthy ! -RRB- I tried haircuts , nothing gave it that ` ad-apperiance ' or movement , except for this thing . It smell great , does n't leave your hair heavy , it 's just pure shine and silky , ultra-smooth hair , and i just realized that i had indeed a nice haircut , but i never noticed because i was forced to wear my hair up . You ca n't go wrong with Fekkai .
 Does a great job of controlling and adding shine without weighing my hair down too much . I agree that you do n't need much and I think it works best on dry hair after styling before hairspray . Good stuff .
 Ladies , this product is the best ! Does not weigh your hair down , or give you the `` greasies . '' The texture of your hair immediately changes for the better . Smoother , healthier . Worth the money !
 amazing amazing amazing - havent ever had the compliments I have received since using this product - hair is silky and looks like I walked out of hairdressers 10 + stars
 Based on the reviews for this , here , on this site , I bought it . I was on a search for anything close to what 's inside the tubes found in box with Hair Coloring . That substance is more a Salve , thick . While in that search I serendipitously found this product ` Fekkai ' . I read those opinions and felt this could be the ideal substitute for the other nameless cream/salve I was after . Seeking the best look , really burnished . Trying to get that
 Works well to control frizz , and makes the blow dry process much easier because it smooths the hair . Lasts a long time , as you need very little for each application .
 I love Frederic Fekkai . And this is another excellent product of that brand . My hair is very soft and note that it is hydrated and treated . When dry with the dryer is super smooth , and the natural is also wonderful . The frizz is gone and the tips are excellent . I highly recommend it .
 This really is better than any drugstore brand , and better than any of the more expensive leave-in conditioners I have ever tried . I use it on my hair when it 's damp . I have dry , highlighted hair and I do n't like to use a lot of product , so this is absolutely perfect for smoothing and conditioning my hair -LRB- and protecting it from the blowdryer -RRB- .
 I 'm an African-American woman with relaxed hair which has a nice texture even without the relaxer . This product has changed my life . My hair is gorgeous ! It has a ton of shine and lots of body . I use a small amount every day and yet my hair is still not greasy . I blow dry my hair using it , flat iron the hair then apply more if needed ; this way I can control how much I use . I 'm so impressed with this product . It 's also available at Bath and Body Works . I highly recommend this product and I admittedly am very hard to please .
 I got a sample of this hair product from Bath & Body Works and I 'll immediately admit that it does make my hair look great . I 've got thin and slightly longer hair -LRB- my `` Winter cut '' -RRB- , so I used this after showering and blow drying my hair , just to see what it does.Essentially , my blow-dried , frizzy hair really flattened out nicely -LRB- I guess for women , this product would significantly reduce the split-ends they 're always mentioning -RRB- . Not only that , but this lime-green colored cream has some kind of super-fine metallic flakes in it which reflect light so well , it caused my dry hair to actually look wet ! I mean that in a good way , as I only used the recommended pea-sized amount ; this stuff does go a long way and the ingredients list includes olive oil , which might explain the extreme shine -LRB- oddly , the stuff is n't greasy in your hands -RRB- . I think the only downside is the `` wet look , '' as it was really more wet than shiny , which may be due to the lighting in my bathroom or my lighter colored hair . Who knows ... it goes away by the end of the day . This stuff does work nice , but try a sample ** BEFORE ** spending so much money . Maybe high-end department stores have some trial sizes , etc. . Also , it will NOT keep your hair in place . You will still need hairspray , which will reduce the glossing effect of this product -LRB- i.e. use this cream during calmer weather when hairspray is not needed for best results -RRB- .
 I was disappointed by many glossing cream/leave-in conditioners before , including Keihl 's and many other drugstore products.But this one is voted as best of sephora , and I had luck with other best of sephora products before , so I decided to give it a try . And to my surprise , it is wonderful!It makes my hair feels so soft and silk-like . And it does not weigh down my thin hair . It looks all natural , and feels soft too.And you only need to use a small amount . I usually use about a pea-sized amount on my long hair -LRB- almost to the middle of my back -RRB- , and it is enough.I was so happy with this glossing cream so that I recommended my roommate to try it out , and she liked it too!Give it a try and you will be surprised !
 I have curly , frizzy hair that I wash and blow dry straight twice a week and touch up with the flat iron every day . This is the only product that smooths and calms my frizz , and I can use every day even if I do n't wash it that day . I would n't recommend using a nickel sized amount as another reviewer mentioned . That 's way too much even in my thick hair ! You should only use a tiny pea size amount to start , then a little more if needed.Also , I recommend using a stroner product on wet hair before blow drying , as I 've found this product is best for touching up dry hair but does n't have alot of hold or straightening power . I use Aveda straightening cream when wet , then use the Fekkai cream when dry and every day to touch up .
 I ran across this great cream as a free sample from Bath & Body Works . Ive never been a guru for hair products as i 'm a simple kyna ' girl , so the sample packet lingered for about a year and a half at the back of my bathroom drawer . After a winter cleaning I pulled it out and long story short -LSB- er -RSB- , was very pleased with the results of Fekkai Glossing Cream.My hair type is Thick and waivy and very prone to frizz , so I 'm usually aiming for straight hair . The cream feels healthy and works as a defrizzer for crazy air dried hair . After I straighten my hair , I love to put this in . A little goes a long way , and it lacks the greace or paisty and sticky feeling that many hair products cause.My mother bought me two 7fl . oz . for Christmas . I was surprised because its a bit expensive . But you get more for your money with the larger ounces than the smaller ones and it is so worth the buck !! I bought some for my Best Friend and she is using every day ! We both swear its actually making our hair grow faster since its keeping it healthy and repairing loose ends . Its also conveniently sold at Bath & Body Works : -RRB-
 Southwest sun can take its baking toll on hair unless you 're wise and usually wear a hat . -LRB- I 'm not wise and I do n't really care for hats . Every once in a while there 's an errant breeze during the summer months , and it feels good touching and lifting your hair -RRB- Now , I 've accepted the blame for often dry lackadaisical locks , what 's the solution?For me , Fekkai 's Glossing Cream with its addition of pure olive oil delivers shine , hydration and manageability . It comes in the trademark Fekkai tube -LRB- easy to squeeze with wet hands -RRB- . Since my hair is fine and fly-away it works best for me if I rub a small amount between my palms on towel dried hair and stroke through . Then I repeat the process after blow drying and before styling.It 's incredibly light yet effective . Fekkai is simply the finest ! - Gail Cooke
 If anyone within a block of me turns on a blow-dryer , it 's all over - frizz-head . I have been blessed with natural curl , but prefer not to keep it `` oiled down '' to keep away the frizz . I have found it ... the fountain of youth for hair ! This product is MUCH healthier for my hair -LRB- olive-oil based -RRB- . It is relatively inexpensive -LRB- but worth it after the years I 've dealt with frizz -RRB- . Not sure if you 'll like it ? Buy the smaller tube first ; still a good value for how I view its quality . If you like it , obviously the larger tube is a better value ... and a little bit goes a long way ... I 'm shocked how long a tube lasts me.My Hair Type
 I 've been using Fekkai 's Brilliant Glossing Cream for about 3 years , so I guess I 'm qualified to give a review.This is fantastic stuff . I use a pea sized amount in my damp hair before I blow dry -LRB- and ONLY a pea sized amount !! -RRB- . It gives my hair beautiful gloss and depth without looking or feeling greasy -LRB- if you do get a greasy look , you 're using too much ! -RRB- . I 'll also put just a tiny dot on my dry hair if the weather is not cooperating . This smooths it.One thing I will say is that if you have sensitive skin like I do , and you only shower in the morning , like I do ... be sure to keep your hair off your face . You might break out a bit . I found that braiding my hair at night solves this problem completely .
 I like this glossing cream . It makes make long , wavy hair look shiny , smooth , and it smells sooo good . I tried to use it on my toddler son 's hair to create a messy-look hair and it looked very nice . I will buy this product again .
 Loveitloveitloveit !!! Humidity - no prob . Flyaways - no mo. . Split ends - gone.Had every imaginable hair mishap , until this product . Try it ! You 'll love it !
 I got a free sample tube of this stuff and I love it . I use it on towel dried hair before I style my hair . I think one of the most important things to know about this product is to use the pea size amount recommended ; using anymore can leave your hair looking oily , especially at the roots . It 's hard to imagine that such a small amount can do such an awesome job but it does . I have found that using Fekkai products in conjunction with one another seems to help them all work better together .
 A little bit of this creme smooths and tames my hair . I dont know what id do with out this stuff . Waaay better then all those drugstore products that promise to do the same thing . I have naturally curly and a bit frizzy hair so this product is great for courser hair . You can use it on flat ironed or curled hair . Try it !!!
 This product adds shine - but do n't use too much - which makes spending money on this an ok thing - this tube has lasted me a while !!!
 The best way to use this product is applying it to your dry hair , it will make it so soft and shiny.Its very nice !
 This product Make my hair so smooth and shiny without oily look !! Love it !! Highly recommended !!! I will definitely go get a bigger size one
 I Love this product for a great shine without greasiness . I have very thin hair and it does n't weight my hair down.This is my favorite product to take on trips .
 I laughed at myself when I got this exact product because it was a small travel size bottle . I did n't think about it but I was also thinking , $ 8 for this little thing ? I checked the full size and it was about $ 22 , so it seems reasonable.I was looking for something to make my hair look shiny , tame the frizz , and lightweight . Before , I was constantly oiling/serum my hair and it just frizzed and made my hair feel greasy and heavy . Gosh , this stuff is amazing and you do n't need that much.I have medium coarse , thick hair that has a natural wave and it was really hard to leave my hair natural without straightening it and then using a bunch of serums , products , etc etc. . So much product that would weigh my hair down and then I had to put in more product to get it voluminous , then greasy hair at the end of the day ... Plus , I wanted something that I could use so I did n't have to style my hair everyday , not that I just do n't have time or did n't want to do it but because I am trying to recover my hair from a salon fry dye.My hair is so pretty now using this product . I wash , let it dry natural , flat iron my bangs and other unruly parts , put a dime to a nickle size on my hair and I get beautiful waves , less frizz , soft , light , natural feeling . Will continue buying/using this .
 I have very curly and dry hair . This is the only product that works for me . It basically makes it smooth and less fizzy . And , it never stops working -LRB- i.e. , my hair does get use to it -RRB- . It 's wonderful !
 I used this in place of my AVEDA serum which is very greasy , but good for glossing if applied correctly . This is much more fool proof , is not greasy , glosses better , and with just a couple tiny dollops . Is a small container , but this will go a long way because of the small amount needed to work . I highly recommend this product !
 This is the answer to Florida hair , frizzy hair humidity electrified socket syndrome and more . This will smooth your hair tame your frizzies and give it the utmost shine . If you color your hair or have dry hair even better for you to use . I simply adore it . It does the job and more .
 I have such smooth hair after using this ! It coats my hair with just the right amount of shine and gloss , And so smooth to the touch ! I also use pumpkin potion leave in conditioner before using fekkai , I put it in my damp hair after a shower and straighten my hair then put this in , and they work so well together it 's like I got it professionally done ! So I highly recommend getting this product , It 's fantasticles ! : D
 My hair frizzes if I do n't use something in it . I was using Bed Head 's After Party , but it did n't help much unless I used a lot . But if I used just a little too much my hair would look greasy . This stuff is great because you do n't need a whole bunch to make your hair soft and shiny . I 've used it everyday since the day I got it . My mom even told me my hair looks healthier . : -RRB-
 I have naturally curly hair that I color , highlite and blow dry all the time . It is very dry but not quite fried all the time . This stuff is awesome ! It makes my hair soft , shiny , and feels moisturized ! I just found out the shampoo and conditioner is out , and ca n't wait to try it ! Definitely worth the $ s !
 I bought this glossing cream to settle down my flyaways . I have fine to medium hair , and it 's about 6 inches below my collarbone . At first , I absolutely adored the product - used the pea sized amount they recommended , and it worked beautifully . It continued to work beautifully until I left it in the sun for a day , near my bathroom window . The heat made the oil separate from the creamy parts of the product , and no matter how much I shake it or try to re-infuse them , it 's not happening . This is a wonderful product , but do n't leave it in the sun or take it to the beach !
 Got a free sample of this product and I 'm in love . I have straight , fine hair that is color treated -LRB- highlighted and colored blonde -RRB- . I had been using the Farouk Biosilk Silk Therapy for years and was fine with that , but I was never truly satisfied with my hair . I thought it still looked damaged from the color treatments . My stylist told me it was because I was n't blow drying it completely , but I was n't sure . Anyway , I got this Glossing Cream as a free sample from a Bath & Body Works internet order and I 'm totally hooked . I tried it as they suggested on dry hair and it did n't do anything for me . However , when I applied it to my towel-dried hair , and then blow dried it , I have noticed my hair is much softer , shinier and healthier looking , and I have much less flyaway hair . I noticed many of the reviews on here say to apply it on dry hair , but for my fine , straight hair , I prefer to put it on damp and then blow dry . It is AMAZING and it is working so much better than the Biosilk ever did . My hair has never been so smooth and silky . Awesome !
 I use Fekkai Advanced Brilliant Glossing Cream year round but mostly in the summer when I do n't feel like drying my hair . This Glossing Cream controlls friz with just a small amount . I love the way it makes my hair look smooth and silky and it smells great too ! Do n't use too much tho as it can make your hair look greasy ! It can be a bit pricey , but again you only need a very small amount so it does last a long time . I found that the makeup mall has the best price that I have seen so far $ 19.50 plus shipping .
 MAKES HAIR SOFT , NICE SHINE , AND NO FRIZZ.HAIR IS SMOOTH WHEN YOU USE A FLAT IRON , IT MAKES IT JUST LIKE SILK . BUT ONLY USE THEAMOUNT RECOMMENDED , TO MUCH WILL MAKEYOUR HAIR FALL FLAT AND GREASY . THIS CONTAINSOLIVE OIL IN IT , SO A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY.RECEIVED WITHIN A FEW DAYS , FAST SERVICE .
 I have tried so many different hair products for my curly hair . The glossing cream is the best thing ever invented for curly hair ! It separates my curls and adds a shine that lasts all day . I simply put some glossing cream in my wet hair in the morning , brush or comb it through to distribute it evenly , let it air dry , and I am good to go all day long ! The glossing shampoo , condition , and glaze make my hair look great on special days ! I love this stuff !
 I received this as a sample but will definitely be purchasing more . This glossing cream does not leave a greasy feeling on your hair . You need to use a pea size amount -LRB- not dime-sized as the other reviewer mentioned -RRB- . You work it through your damp hair and then blow dry and it makes your hair wonderfully soft without being greasy like other glossing products . This is a cream product and not an oil product so I think that is why it works better at glossing your hair and not making it look or feel greasy . This is probably the best hair product that I have ever used . I am 40-years old but like to keep current with hairstyles and this product worked wonders on my dry hair .
 This glossing cream is simply stunning in the hair , I use it daily on freshly washed hair after it air dries for about twenty minutes as I get ready for my day . All that I need is a pea size amount smoothed through the hair as it leaves it ultra soft , shiny and really manageable . This also leaves the hair straight but with a nice , I just came out of a hair salon bounce that makes every day a good hair day.I adore this hair product for the ease of use and the fantastic results it delivers . No other hair product has left my hair as shiny , smooth and as heavenly light as this one little gloss in a tube . I also noticed that it did n't make my hair greasy or dirty as some products can ; it was a refreshing change to feel the freshly washed hair for a long time and even the next day it looked better than usual.Basically this product can be used as a styling tool to keep the hair feeling natural but better as I am not the kind of a girl who has any time to spend on my hair , this does all the work for me . The creamy gloss works with whatever hair type it 's being used on , I know this is something I will always keep purchasing . - Kasia S.
 I embraced my curly side for a while and started experimenting with different products . I tried this for a while and loved how soft and manageable it made my curly hair . It drastically reduced the frizz , especially when combined with the glossing shampoo -LRB- I could take or leave the conditioner though ... . the shampoo and the cream are the real magic for me -RRB- . I would use the cream in conjunction with a gel or hairspray to add a little more stiffness/structure , that way the curls would keep their shape while drying . I 've used a little of the cream before blow drying straight , but I have other products I like better for straightening my hair.However , there was a definite negative side -LRB- which can be avoided -RRB- . With my new soft , exciting , curly hair in my face all the time , with this greasy product in tow , I started getting pimples like never before . Occasionally I 'd get one or two in a normal month - but with curly hair I was getting tons of little ones deep under the skin around my chin . Not fun.I solved that problem with Peter Thomas Roth AHA/BHA acne clearing gel -LSB- ... -RSB- . I needed some major exfoliation to renew my skin , and now all is well . I will still go curly and still use the glossing cream , but I am very careful not to touch my face and to wash and use the AHA/BHA gel ASAP when I get home .
 Use just the right amount and this works fabulous . It says to use a pea size , but that is too much for my hair which has a lot of natural oils . If I use a pea size or more my hair looks greasy . On the bright side , this lasts all day through intense heat .
 It 's finally happened -- after I NEVER thought it would . I 've found a conditioning product that 's so good at what it does that I after I brush in just a pea-sized dot of this product and turn my hair softly from side to side , my hair FLOATS and SHIMMERS like a model 's hair on a TV commercial . Honest ! When you run your fingers through my hair , it feels like it 's baby 's hair . It 's amazing and I 'm thrilled :-RRB- My husband , who ca n't keep his hands out of my hair -LRB- OMG ... -RRB- is also happy with Glossing . Fekkai 's Brilliant Glossing product holds up beautifully on my thick , blonde color-treated hair that duels with both a blow dryer and a flatening iron every other day . My hair used to feel and look like straw , but those days are all gone now . Thanks Fekkai .
 This is definetly my favorite Fekkai product . I have never tried anything on the market that comes close to this . I have very fine hair which is probably why my hair reacted so well to the product . First , I will warn , if you are looking for glossy , try hair serum , but this wo n't be it . This detangles hair , makes it so soft and silky and it gives volume . I think this is what hair should feel like ALL the time . Another thing , it 's not excellent at taming frizzes so again , I recomend a hair serum for those issues . Still it 's worth trying . Remember -LRB- a little of this product goes a long way -RRB- so do n't get carried away .
 I have thick , damaged hair with tons of split ends . I wash , blow dry , and flat iron every other day and I have n't had a haircut in 10 months -LRB- besides a few months ago when I made my boyfriend trim an inch off the bottom -RRB- . I got this as a sample in the mail the other day , and the first time I used it I was blown away by how smooth and silky it made my hair . I used a pea size on my damp hair , then blow dried it . After it was 99 % dry , I worked a little more through my hair , then flat ironed it . The results really surprised me . I 'm by no means a product girl , or hair savvy at all . I used to use neutrogena triple moisture healing shine serum , which was nice , but not amazing . I have n't been able to find it lately , so I tried a Redken product -LRB- which someone had used in my hair before with great results that I have n't been able to duplicate -RRB- , and some Studo Line I found for cheap at Big Lots -LRB- I know , I know -RRB- , and some Fructis shine serum . None of these work at all . This glossing cream is truly awesome , and you do n't need very much at all . The sample packet I had lasted me through 4 stylings . Ok , I did split open the packet to get at it all . I might have even wiped the empty packet shell on my head to get the last bits . It is so worth it . I 'm currently looking around the internet for a deal , but I 'll gladly pay full price if I ca n't find one .
 I bought this on a whim at Bath and Body Works . I had a coupon that entitled me to get something free , and so I chose this . So happy that I did . This stuff is amazing ! A little goes a loooong way ! I think I use about the size of a half a pea each time , and my hair looks like Jennifer Anistons -LRB- or so I like to think ! -RRB- After using my straight iron I just put some in the palm of my hand , run it from root to end and all the frizz , and flyaways are gone . Leaving me with smooth , shiney and silky hair ! The best smoothing cream I have ever tried . Pricey for sure , but worth every penny .
 I have color treated , thin , baby fine hair that will curl when coaxed & cut the right way . I 'm always on the lookout for new products that 'll bring my curls out , but not make them crunchy or sticky.This was in little sample sizes @ Bath & Body Works & I figured , why not?I squeezed a larger amount than I wanted to use into my hand & was regretting it because you ca n't put it back in the tube . No worries ! My hair was wet , but not sopping . I rubbed my hands together & then ran them through my hair . I repeated this a couple of times , making sure I got the ends . I then used a pick to comb my hair away from my face & that was it.I let it air dry & received lots of compliments on my hair yesterday . I 'm very happy to have finally found something so quick & easy to use that works so nicely .
 I have been using this product for a few years and LOVE it ! I have long , blonde , wavy , averagely thick hair , and every time I had tried moisturizers in the past my hair would be weighed down and incredibly oily . However , this Glossing Cream is perfect . It adds moisture and actually gives my hair more volume ! It 's phenomenal . I also love it because , despite the length of my hair , I hardly need to use any , so it 's definitely worth the cause . And since going to college I have turned SO many of my friends -LRB- of varying hair lengths and types -RRB- onto it . I have n't met anyone who did n't like it . It 's just fantastic .
 I have medium/coarse , wavy hair that I 've spent years trying to manage & tame the frizz . I 've tried EVERY product available -LRB- Chi , frizz-ease , Kiehl 's , etc. -RRB- & this one is BY FAR the best . Other products I 've used would either not work at all or they 'd make my hair look completely greasy & grimy & even so , it was STILL frizzy!With this , I just apply a small amount of this to my hair when it 's wet then , if I want to wear it wavy , I just let it air dry - no frizz ! If I want to straighten it , I use a big round brush & go back over it when the flat iron . Even in the worst humidity -LRB- I live in the South -RRB- , it never gets big & puffy.A little goes a VERY long way ! My hair is pretty long -LRB- to about the middle of my back -RRB- & very thick & it still takes me close to a year to go thru a whole tube . Also has a very pleasant , clean scent .
 this is the best stuff that you can ever get.i got it as a gift for valantines day . i often use it when my hair is already washed and dried . it makes your hair so soft and shiny . i also have oily hair so i keep it away from my scalp . but otherwise , it 's the best stuff that i got for my hair and it last forever ! my hair is very long , and with a fredrick fekkai brush , it evenly distributes the cream so you save alot more . i recommend this to anyone who styles thier hiar often or want it straight .
 I was skeptical about the product but with the first use I was amazed of how light and effective it is , even in 50 degrees heat and humidity still the hair looks amazing . Though the price is on the high end but it does n't need big amounts to apply , just small portion and you good to go.For best results use it on damp hair and then blow dry it and another tiny amount for final amazing touches with glossy glittery look .
 I AM A SWIMMER , AND THE POOL WATER AND CHLORINE LEAVE MY HAIR DRY , WHISPY AND BRITTLE.THIS GLOSSING CREAM , APPLIED SPARINGLY ONTO WET HAIR BY RUBBING IT IN WITH YOUR HANDS , LEAVES IT SMOOTH AND ` MOIST ' . I DO N'T KNOW A BETTER WORD FOR IT - NOT WET LOOKING , BUT NOT DRIED OUT AND THIN LIKE BEFORE . I LOVE IT .
 I 've tried DOZENS of leave-in creams for my frizzy , color treated hair , and this stuff really works . I 've had other creams that `` sort of '' worked , but I had to almost slather my hair in them . You really do only need a `` pea '' sized amount of the Fekkai , and it makes such a difference . My hair usually feels like straw , and now it actually feels healthy . I 'm using this cream with the Fekkai Technician conditioner .
 This stuff is really amazing . I have thin , fine hair and was reluctant to try this cream because most products like this tend to leave my hair greasy since I have thin hair . But this stuff left my hair shiny , soft and beautiful . I will say that I truly only use a pea size amount ... literally . I imagine if you use too much on thin hair you might run the risk of it weighing your hair down and making it greasy . I was actually in need of a trim -LRB- my hair was n't exactly looking it 's best -RRB- when I started using this stuff and my husband kept commenting on how beautiful my hair looked . Highly recommend this glossing cream .
 My hair is coarse and wavy , and recently I had to travel quite a bit and ended up using hot hotel hair dryers . You know , the dirty , low-flow kind and you 're always in a hurry . They fried my hair so badly that my stylist was horrified . And of course sold me $ 150 worth of stuff to try and fix it . I got a sample of this glossing cream and ca n't believe what it 's done . My dry frizz head is no longer making me want to wear a burka , instead my you 'd never know I tried to electrocute my hair . This product is really amazing .
 This stuff is the best ! I got a sample tube and it lasted me forever , and I 'm so glad I found it . I 've used tons of different shine and anti-frizz creams and this is the only one that makes your hair perfect without leaving residue or weighing it down ! All you need is a tiny bit and it goes a long way . I love it !
 Every year when the heat kicks in , I try to find a de-frizzing cream that actually works . Every year , I end up wasting money on one that does n't do much , if anything at all . This April , I had a $ 10 certificate from Victoria 's Secret for my birthday . There was n't really anything I needed , so I found myself looking at the hair products . I was intrigued by this product , so I asked some of the employees their opinion . The majority of them have tried it , and they just raved about it ! So , I thought I 'd give it a shot . Well , now I 'm raving about it ! My hair does still have a few fly-aways , but it does eliminate much of the frizz . Also , my hair feels SO incredibly soft , I just love it ! It is a bit pricey , but it 's worth it ; the bottle lasts a long time . I 've had it for over two months and used it every day , and the bottle still looks new ! You only need a TINY amount ; my hair is down to my shoulder blades and I use less than a pea-sized drop - any more will make your hair look greasy . I loved this product so much that I went ahead and starting trying others from this line - I love them all too !!
 I love this stuff ! You only have to use a tiny amount -LRB- I got the small travel size tube and it 's lasted me six months -RRB- . I stroke it on my towel dried hair before blow drying . I do n't apply any when my hair is dry - since my hair can tend to get oily.Watch out and make sure to keep your hair off of your face when you use this stuff , though . I swear I started getting more zits after I started using it -- there 's avocado oil in it ...
 I bought a travel size tube of this and fell in love with it . I have dry , fly-away , colored , fine hair and this is the only product I 've ever tried that makes my hair shiny , manageable and thick . I love it . Two extra bonuses are that it smells great - a light scent with a hint of fresh cut grass ; and it does wonders for my super-dry skin too - I use it not only on my hair but also on my arms and legs which gives me a healthy , smooth -LRB- and greaseless ! -RRB- glow .
 I love this product . I have curly hair and use layers of products with washing and later applying conditioners . I use the glossing cream every day along with several other products and it is wonderful , highly recommend for anyone with curly hair !
 It was very hard to find elsewhere , I love the fragrance.Arrived faster than expected.Thanks
 I enjoy using this product with the lip gloss that I also purchased to use with it . Unfortunately , it did not stay on my lips for a satisfactory amount of time .
 The original unit I purchased has lasted for years . I decide to get a backup and found out it was discontinued . So happy to find it on Amazon . Great item , seamless sale transaction and shipping .
 Was in good condition and I liked using this . It makes your face feel clean and fresh . I am glad it came with 2 replacement pads or I am not sure where I would get more . I 'll have to look for more later .
 Due to highly sensitive skin , I can not use the actual soapy pad -LRB- though I 've only read good reports about them -RRB- , I have , however , rinsed them out , added a bit of olive oil and gently massaged that into my skin , increasing the circulation in the tender facial tissues . A little creativity served me well here .
 article very useful and comfortable for personal hygiene , I use it in the face , neck , arms and upper back and stay like new.I recommend
 Purchased this item about 3 weeks ago and I use it when I 'm in the shower . My face really does look a lot smoother .
 I love it , it feels good when I use it , after using it my skin feels so smooth and soft . only problem I have with this product is I ca n't seem to find the replacement dove wipes in the store . I have been to several different stores and still have not found them . I guess I will have to find them online .
 This products gives your skin the smooth finish look . I would recommend this product to any one who desires this look to their face .
 I am one that values the opinions of others and like most read reviews on an item prior to buying it . I was planning on buying an item 3 if not 4 times more $ than this item because it had better reviews and is a brand I am familiar with . I have better skin thanks to a recent Zeno purchase however you still have to wash your face several times a day . My old regime was using a puff buff and a cleanser that I felt was best suited for my skin . If it is a facial cleanser chances are it is in my toilette closet . When I bought this I thought this item would be my back up item . However , it has proven to do A LOT more than I thought . I have heard complaints about it not vibrating and that you have to do so . Or that a washcloth is better . After using it for several weeks here is my review . First of all let 's face it , if you are left handed it is easy to clean the left side of your face and vice versa . I do n't know about you but when washing my face and usually taking makeup off I leave the water running to rinse my buff puff . If it is a washcloth you not only get stains on it but it is all over your face and you waste more cleanser with a washcloth . I used the pads that came with the device and wetted them as instructed . It lathered up really well and I did not keep the water running . I felt it cleaned not only my face better but I was able to get my neck and side of my neck which breakout frequently as well . The best thing about this device is it is NOT just capable of using the pads intended for it . I am not a huge Dove fan and although it cleans well sometimes I need something stronger . I have stuck a buff puff on the device and then put on a heavier cleanser and it works great ! I also have stuck face pads for a well know company that is more abrasive and also the Ponds facial clothes . They ALL stick to this device and I find myself cleaning my face a lot longer and cleaning it better . What I love the most is during the winter my hands get really chapped and blistered . Or even in the summer if you have a cut on your hand this device is a dream . No more running your hands under the water and applying it directly to the harsh chemicals and rinsing . The device is my fingers and it has truly helped my hands and skin since it touch my face , not my bare hands . I love this product and am glad I gave it a try and knowing it is so diverse I could not be happier . I think for the price you get what you paid for and a whole lot more ! It is definitely worth it !
 It 's WONDERFUL ! I have sensative , combination , flaky skin that is difficult to clean . I had a stroke which has n't helped my skin due to lack of circulation . I also have difficulty using both hands to wash my face . This is AWESOME ! My skin feels smooth and clean , which I have n't been able to achieve with masks .
 After using this product you may never want to use wash cloths again . The SkinVitalizer gives just enough agitation to provide a GENTLE yet deep cleansing . It is a MUST HAVE addition to your daily beauty regiment . Since this item is no longer available ... you may want to research sellers on AMAZON , EBAY , etc. for refill pillows before purchasing and stock up ! . I purchased a second machine as a spare .
 I recently reviewed a `` healthy skin '' drink calledGlowelle Powder Pomegranate Lychee 30 Day Powder Stick Pack , 30-Count Box . I gave it a pretty good review , because I liked it , but noted it 's very expensive.Dove SkinVitalizer is a much more economical way to improve your skin . It does n't have vitamins and the attendant benefits of that , but I 've often marveled at how soft my skin always feels and how there 's a noticeable glow afterward no matter if I use the more exfoliating side or not . I 've been using this product since autumn of last year and it is part of my regular routine.It 's perhaps anecdotal to mention that within a week of first using the product I was buying cigarettes for a family member and got carded , which is n't bad at 40 . I jokingly said to my husband that I found my new fave product , but it turned out to be true.I think the pads are intended for one use , but there 's enough cleanser that it could easily stretch to two face washings.Of course , before using it you want to mention it to anyone in hearing distance of the bathroom , because it makes this loud buzzing noise that , without telling them , you could only hope they would attribute to an electric toothbrush . : : grin : : To tell you how much I love this product , I often buy out the shelf of replacement pillows and hoard them in fear the product will be discontinued . I never want to be without this product and while the benefits are strictly external , I truly feel Dove is good for my skin , and that the SkinVitalizer gives that little extra bit of exfoliation and massage to make this a terrific part of a beauty regimen .
 Check the weekend sales papers for coupons . I found a $ 3.50 Dove coupon , which lowered the price to $ 7.35 including taxes at Walmart . It is almost the same as the Nutritionist version , which costs a whopping $ 30 + . Mine even came with 12 pillows as opposed to the standard six.It definitely smoothes rough skin , but do n't press it too firmly onto your face . If you combine it with the generic brand facial cleaners you can really save suprising amounts of money for literally the same results .
 I have been using the pillows for several years and love them . Suddenly could n't get them in the store so was very excited that I could get them on line . Saw this product and ordered right away - really love it , but now I am finding it more difficult to find the pillows AND increasingly more expensive . I could not find this product on the Dove web site which leads me to believe it will be completely discontinued soon .
 It works fine , I just would like not to have to change the pillows so often .
 Great for the price but I did have some problems . The pads provided , if they got too wet , would move around as I used them on my face . It is very easy to wet them too much and you end up with a lathery extravaganza . I ca n't say if it 's better than just using a towel but it does make washing my face more ` fun ' . But those are small problems . It works as advertised . No one can buy this and feel ripped off . There is something very pleasant about that !
 I thought I was getting a small little facial massager that I could go out and buy skin cream and apply to spong then apply but the dove skin cleaner is in the pad WOW ! I love it you have to get it here and now you will be glad you did !
 My face feels soooo good but it was not exactly what I had expected . I would purchase again even with the unexpected aspects .
 My face could not look and feel smoother . Just wish that smaller packages of pillows were available for purchase .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT , IT IS GREAT FOR ANY SKIN TYPE . I HAVE VERY OILY SKIN WHICH BASICALLY SHINE ALL THE TIME . AND I HATE IT , SO I BOUGHT THIS ITEM LIKE A YEAR AGO AND IM STILL USING IT . IT 'S GREAT FOR MY OILY SKIN , PLUS AFTER I USE IT MY FACE DOES NOT SHINE ALL THROUGH THE DAY OR NIGHT . IT FEELS LIFTED UP FROM DIRT , OIL , AND OTHER IMPURITIES IN MY SKIN . BEST THING IT HAS TO SIDES THE EXFOILIATE SIDE AND THE CLEANSING SIDE . THAT 'S HOW I KNOW IT WORKING BECAUSE OF THE TWO SIDES THAT CARE FOR YOUR FACE -LRB- AND OF COURSE WHEN I SEE THE NASTY DIRT AND OIL ON THE PAD -RRB- . BUT I WILL CONTINUE TO USE IT AND THEY ONLY COST ALL LITTLE BIT FOR THE PADS SO IT 'S WAY WORTH IT . I ALSO BOUGHT THE NEUTROGENA WAVE BUT THAT DID N'T WORK OUT WELL FOR ME . SO I WILL BUY THIS ALL THE TIME FOR NOW ON !!! THANK 'S DOVE KEEP IT COMING !!!
 i like itit worksit was a good buyi recommend every try it
 I 'm somewhat of a new customer on Amazon , so far I 'm very pleased witheverything I ' v ordered . I believe Amazon.com is a fantastic site to have.Thank You Amazon for being here . As far as the Dove Skin Vitalizer alongwith the Cleansing Pillows that are supposed to refresh the face as wellas make it look and feel younger , well these product are amazing ! Since I ` vpurchased these products , they 've been working wonders . I ' v incorporatedthem into my daily beauty routine . To me it 's all about beauty ! ThankYou Amazon , and thank you Dove.Gina .
 Excellent shipping on time . Second of all yes it does have a recall on it , but who on earth is going to scrape their face ??? Works well , does exactly what it says it does . Has given my skin a softer younger appearance , and evened out my skin tone . Excellent product , excellent price , and excellent shipping !
 I see an improvement every time I use it . The little wand is not very expensive and I used mine for a year before I decided to replace it . I do this treatment on my face and exposed skin like arms . One side of the pad is exfoliating and then I turn it over for the moisturizer . Sometimes when my feet are very dry I use it on my feet ! It feels very nice , wakes up the skin with mild massage and moisturizes . I do it for a few minutes before turning on the shower .
 I like this wand . It works pretty well with the pillows you buy separately . I use it in the shower . After dropping it many times , it seems to be indestructible . Afterwards , my skin feels really clean .
 I would recommend this product BUT you go through the soap-filled scrubbers quickly . They 're really only good once so you 're talking about a new pack a week . Leaves skin very clean and soft though
 Bought this for my Mom fo Christmas and she uses often , loves it , great product and I will probably buy one for myself .
 I am really enjoying this product . It is just like the ones you find in the store but not so expensive . Have used it a least 2 times and my skin feels great .
 I have enjoyed this product and find its helping my skins appearance . I would encourage anyone to try this .
 I had one of the first SkinVitalizers that got recalled . I bought the second version too . Fell in love with it AND the various types of cleansing pillows available for different skincare needs . The massaging vibrations and cleansing treatments were relaxing and made my skin feel and look better . THEN the refill pillows started disappearing and now the entire line is discontinued :-LRB- When the cleansing pillows are available they 're comparatively expensive , honestly NOT WORTH THE ADDED EXPENSE.I like the device for helping me to focus on problem areas , making it easier to have better skincare and even some pampering . I 've taken to using cotton rounds , cosmetic pads with my own cleansers and lotions as the different pillows for exfoliating , brightening , and mature skin vanished . When fibers clog the velcro , let it get totally dry then use tape to capture the fibers like old-school lint trapping : -RRB- The one for my son 's back-ne is used with acne cleansing pads likeOxy Maximum Daily Cleansing Pads , 90 pads -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- I 'm sure the extra attention and the vibrations get the medicine deeper to the source of the problem which has cleared existing acne AND prevented more .
 The Dove product for vitalizering and cleansing the face works great . I liked it so much I ordered two more for family members . Great price and great product .
 I had this last year and it was awesome . Then , one day , I lost it ... bummer so i 'll buy it again in november -LRB- which is right before winter -RRB-
 The Revitalizer arrived earlier than promised , was packaged well , priced reasonably and is of good quality . I am a happy customer .
 This is one of the best facial treatments I 've ever used . simple , easy , and inexpensive . Gently massages face and neck and leaves these areas feeling clean and terrific . I really love it !
 I love the way my face feels after I use this . The only drawback is having to purchase the exfoliating pillows instead of just using your favorite cleansing soap . And for being battery operated , it is n't loud at all & is light weight & fits easily in your hand . It does clean your face as you would expect & as it proclaims to .
 this was great not they change the product to a brush with ink in the cap ... terrible idea ... makes hair dark and dry : - -LRB- UPDATE :-RRB- I HAVE BEEN USING WITH A TOUCH OF CASTOR OIL AND I HAVE COME TO APPRECIATE THE BRUSH OVER THE MASCARA WAND , BECAUSE IT DOES NOT PULL MY HAIR OUT LIKE THE WAND USED TO . I WAS ORIGINALLY UPSET BECAUSE OF THE CHANGE BUT NOW I SEE WHY THEY DID IT :--RRB- IT IS EXCELLENT AND I AM HAPPY I KEPT IT !! REALLY DOES THE JOB AND KEEP ME FROM DYING MY HAIR TOO OFTEN .
 I bought this a while back and im still using it ! It is the perfect shade . I saw it on Pinterest and had to have !
 Great for your face or any other part of your body . Great price , I bought one for my mom & teenagers for Christmas and they all love it . Well made , great price !
 It really works & it 's natural . You can feel good about using it on your skin .
 This soap is nothing short of a miracle ! I have suffered with acne since my early teens -LRB- I am now 29 -RRB- and nothing would clear it up . I have had both over the counter and prescription medications , even expensive laser treatements . I tried this soap after reading all the positive reviews and after only a week my skin has improved dramatically . I have no new blemishes and no more blackheads ! If you 've tried everything with no luck , try this soap .
 super product . Used it twice a day in the beginning to see super results in like three days . I wash my face nothing less than three times a day , but you can and will over dry if you use it that much . After you get the clarity you want then only use it every other day .
 I have very mild acne and incipient rosacea ; this sulfur soap helped with both . Of course it smells like sulfur , but it 's bearable ; it also dries the skin a little bit , but I applied a moisturizer immediately after washing with the soap and had no problems with the dryness . All these are minor cons , compared with the pros.However , there is quite a significant promise the manufacturer profess , but does n't accomplish
 I bought this soap based on the reviews I read here . I like it . I am not sure if it 's the end all for my skin , but it 's part of my regiment now .
 i 've had small bouts of acne in not so sexy places on my body -LRB- back/butt -RRB- from working out and this is GREAT . worked on all and i have tried everything ! the sulfur smell is n't the best , but if you look at proactiv and many other great acne meds , sulfur is a key ingredient . this is cheap and does the trick . buying it again and will keep using it .
 I got this soap because a few years back I had gotten a sulfuric face wash from the dermatologist . I am currently unable to see a dermatologist right now and remembered that the main ingredient used was sulfur . So I looked for something similar and saw this , so I thought I 'd give it a shot . I still have acne , but not as bad as I did before I used this . This soap does make a difference , but it 's not going to clear up my face completely . So I 'll use this until I can get to the doctor , but this is a lot better then regular acne face washes that you get at the drugstore.I 've been using this soap for months now and it works great ! I love how great my face has cleared up . I still have a few zits here and there , but for the most part my face is pretty clear . A big improvement from before . I just bought two more bars of this soap . I want to use one in the shower , maybe it can clear up the rest of my skin . I only use this soap now . Great product !
 I got this product for my niece , who has acne problems and nothing seems to help . She had nothing to loose , so she got it and it works !!! Her face is much better ever since she started using this soap . Other products had similar start , but after a while they stop having effect . I only hope it will always keep her face clear . So far I am very pleased with the results !
 this is a really good product for anyone who has a little acne and would like to clear it up.it really does work for my son who has acne and now his face really looks a lot better since he started using this product.thanks
 I have bought this soap in another online store and I want to tell you that this is the BEST SOAP EVER . I have suffer from acne since teens years . I was using a product for almost five years overall it help but nothing like the granda pa soap . Grand pa saop clear away within days . I am a thyroid suffer person as well and this soap has help with my dry skin . I have not put on lotion on my skin since I am using the grand pa soap . I had as well fungus on my feet . Thank god its completely gone using this amazing soap . I will never go back to anything but this soap . Dont have to use locion any more for my dry skin . Hope this review help you . I do encourage for people with acne suffer to give it a shoot . Thats why I gave it the five star .
 I use this soap daily in the shower , and it has significantly improved the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms and has started to eliminate body acne while leaving my skin soft and smooth . At the end of the first week , it had already reduced the KP on my arms by almost 25 % . The reason this soap knocks out KP and early blemishes is that sulfur is a keratolytic , meaning it softens keratin . Keratin is a fibrous protein -LRB- the hard , waxy plug -RRB- that clogs pores , both in acne and KP.Another reviewer on a different page said that this soap smells terrible . I personally think the scent is very mild and non-bothersome ; it hardly smells like sulfur at all . People who have tried the gamut of acne treatments should n't have any problem with its scent -- just do n't go in expecting it to smell like Herbal Essences.The soap is a yellowy-beige color and feels slightly grainy during use . It makes a thin bubbly lather and washes off easily . Shop around for the best price -- I found mine both online and in a local health food store for less than it sells on Amazon . Recommended for people who want more control over their body 's hyperkeratinization .
 I purchased this because I have fair , oily , acne-prone skin . I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.I use it every day , once a day in the shower . The instructions say to use it twice a day , however.The few blackheads I had , on my nose are gone and my face is nice , smooth and acne free.It does smell like sulfur though . It 's not too overpowering , but even after I get out of the shower I can smell it . The smell does go away though . I usually use my body wash after I use the soap , that way I can cancel out the sulfur scent.The smell , notwithstanding , it 's a great acne soap and I will repurchase .
 i was at the point where i really did n't think anything would work . i have incredibly sensitive skin and i am extremely allergic to everything . this product not only cleared up my acne it also cleared up the blackheads , completely . i have to caution that this soap is drying but after a week or two my skin adapted and is no longer dry -LRB- i ca n't use moisturizers because i 'm allergic -RRB- . i strongly suggest this product .
 I 've had adult acne on and off since I was 19 years old and I am now 35 . I recently had a major stressor in my life that reiked havoc on my skin that was quite similar to when I first developed acne . I 've tried Proactiv , oral and topical antibiotics , accutane , tea tree oil and many over the counter products which did n't help me . I had been doing a lot of research on the internet and have changed my lifestyle dramatically.I now only drink water and herbal tea . I 've added apple cider vinegar to my diet , I avoid processed foods , dairy and sugar . I cut down on my wheat intake . I now use turmeric as a seasoning for cooking . I eat more fruits and vegetables and my skin is becoming clearer.I had a mixture of black heads , white heads and cystic acne . I wash my face at least twice a day using grandpas thylox soap and have noticed that my cystic acne has dissappeared . I had cystic acne on my jaw line for weeks and this was the only thing that got rid of them in a matter of about 3 days ! I also use witch hazel as an astringent and now I incoporated manuka oil for spot treatment . I just started using the manuka oil and so far I am happy with it . Tea tree oil gave my cystic acne . I moisterize now with the skin clear manuka cream and I am happy with it . I used to use aloe vera gel and my face would still be dry -- so I added jojoba oil to it and that helped but now I 'm giving the clear skin manuka cream a try . It has manuka oil , manuka honey , jojoba oil , grape seed oil , neem , aloe and other natural products . I have to say that my pores did get smaller when I used the aloe vera gel so I will probably add more of it back to my skin care regimen.I use the queen helene mint julep mask weekly as well as a raw honey mask -LRB- sometimes with aspirin and sometimes without -RRB- . I just got the Aztec clay healing mask and I ca n't wait to use it!I also changed my sunscreen and make-up products . I am a golden brown african american female so any pimples that comes about even if I do not mess with them will leave a dark spot . I use make-up to cover them up and to have an even complexion . I like make-up and only wear it when I go out ... but the marykay make-up I was using added to my blemish problem . I researched the ingredients in their mineral make-up and found that they have irritants in there that can aggravate acne . I switched my make-up line to L.A. Minerals which is all natural and has no skin irritants in their products . I am only working on their samples -LRB- which they send you a good amount of -RRB- that I ordered and I am very pleased . I will now be a customer for life.It took about a good month or two for my skin to really respond to all the changes -LRB- which seems forever -RRB- that I made . My husband says my skin looks much better and I 'm feeling more confident . Before I would think that people were just looking at my pimples and some were and some were not . I prayed about my skin to become clearer and by research -LRB- knowledge -RRB- and prayer it is now happening . I 'm now in favor for all natural products!My advice to acne sufferers is to please be patient with your skin and pray about it . My prayers came true and do a lot of research , listen to your body and treat it well .
 I have sensitive skin . Products like benzoyl peroxide aggravate my acne problems and my dermatologist advised me to stay away from it . I am also very fair skinned so every red spot shows immediately . I have had good luck with sulfur based products , so I tried this soap . The soap does dry my skin out , but I have also found that any cleanser that has helped my acne usually does . At first some spots on my face broke out a bit , but there had been some latent spots that probably needed to be `` pulled out '' so to speak . In the past few days these spots have started to dry up and lose color . I will alternate use of this bar with a gentle cleanser like Purpose , but I think it has helped my skin a great deal .
 My doctor told me I had contact dermatitis and would n't consider the possibility that I might have an allergy to mites that most people have on their skin and never notice , though everything I read made me think that must be it , since I 'd changed detergents , slathered on moisturizers - which made me worse , taken vitamin A , eliminated foods , etc. . After trying various herbal remedies with mixed results , as in , nothing was quite strong enough to permanently keep the mites from munching on me , I read someone 's online suggestion of sulfur soap , which , thank God , pretty much solved the problem . When it was really bad , sometimes I even applied the soap suds like a lotion and did n't rinse it off . My skin tends to dryness , but this did n't make it worse.I use it all the time , now , and I really love the way the soap smells . It 's an old-fashioned smell that I associate with sun-dried sheets and clawfoot tubs . The sulfur smell is kind of an after-smell and very mild.My health food store in Alaska sold it to me for 4.99 at first , but now suddenly it 's 6.99 -LRB- ! -RRB- , so I think I 'll be buying it from Amazon while I can get it with free super-saver shipping .
 The soap worked better than I exected it to . My acne has been reduced by atleast 75 % . Other reviews and my doctor warned me of how drying the soap was but I did n't find it to be too bad . I used a non-acne facial moisturizer after each wash and have been fine . The only complaint I have about the soap is the smell . I wish it had a nicer scent . When first taken out of the package it smells fine but once wet you can really smell the sulfur . I do n't care for the smell of sulfur . I would recommend this product to friends and have .
 This is the best hand lotion I have ever found . I 'm trying to find a lotion that compares as Noevir has discontinued this product .
 This is a great lipliner , relatively nontoxic . Most cosmetics are toxic . I use this one whenever I can get it . It stays on , too , even if you drink or eat .
 I inherited this mirror from my Mom in 1991 and used it until a few months ago when it fell from the bathroom wall mirror , to which it was attached , to the floor and broke . It did fall several times over the years but those falls only slightly chipped the acrylic surround . The difference is the distance fallen . It usually only fell about 15 '' from the wall mirror to the granite vanity counter . It finally broke on its last fatal decent , when it fell to the counter , rolled off , and hit the marble floor about 30 '' below . I am buying it again today . Be sure to wet the suction cups before attaching .
 I had purchased this product previously from Brookstone and when my sister in law fell in love with it I gave it to her . At that time I did n't know that Brookstone was no longer carrying it . Was very releived to find it again as I ca n't imagine travelling without it and am now using it as my makeup mirror at home . What 's so great about it is you can set it up to suit your own height .
 This is a greatt little magnifying mirror . I originally bought it as a travel mirror , but , found it 's size to be more than adequate for my home needs also .
 I read all the reviews and I am very thankful that you made people aware of the mirror adhesive issue . However , I did order it since this was the perfect mirror for my shower . Upon arrival I quickly inspected it and the mirror was secure in the case . I have it suctioned to a glass shower wall and it has fallen once but the glass did not shatter -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . I do keep on checking to see if the heat from the shower will separate the mirror from the case but nothing yet . Maybe Jerdon changed the glue they were using after hearing the complaints.Thanks to the honest reviews that have been posted .
 my mom can now feel more insecure about herself by the magnification of the pimples and blackheads on her face : Ddoes the job .
 I purchased a 5x magnigying mirror years ago . I love it for applying makeup . When my daughter-in-law was visiting , she liked it too . It suctions onto the existing mirror in the bathroom . I sent her one for her birthday from Amazon along with other gifts . She likes hers as well.Jeanne Moss
 No problem with the mirror itself but the mirror was unglued from the base.Rather than return I will use some type of glue to repair.I will let Jerdon know of this via their site.This mirror does the job ... it really magnifies.I did not attach it due to the mirror being unglued but it should be ok .
 When the mirror arrived , the mirror had come unglued from its base . We have reglued it but it is again coming unglued . The manufacturer needs to use a glue that does not come loose so easily . I really like the mirror itself and other than the problem with the glue , am happy with the product .
 This is an Excellent mirror if you ca n't see your self with-out glasses ! I only have vision in one eye and the other eye I do n't have very good vision . So , therefore I ca n't say enought about the mirrors since it helps me to put on my makeup and even try to see in my eye if I got something in it . Its really nice because you can take in any where and stick it on practily any surface . Great for home or travel !!!! Thanks again ...
 This suction mirror is exactly what we were looking for . It was shipped very fast and the price was great .
 excellant quality and fast delivery I use it every day 3 suction cups very nice no worries of it falling off mirror i put it on the bathroom morror thank you
 This is one of the best Bath Mirror I have ever own , and the most secure mirror with three suction cup , which is great .
 We had the same mirror for YEARS and the suction cups finally gave out . The mirror fell & the glass broke . Went to Amazon , not remembering the brandname , and VOILA ! , the mirror of our choice popped up . The response time was immediate , the product sent within days , and it 's perfect ! Very impressive .
 This is a good product that 's not available over the counter . With so many brands available it can be hard to choose.This is worth trying . I love it .
 Ive always been a fan of the work of Madame Gres and I bought the scent purely on her reputation as a designer . It 's simply is gorgeous a strong fragrance it reminds me slightly of one of my other favourites ` Capucci ' It smells very French as one would hope and also has a vaguely medicinal , Cold , antiseptic whiff that is very beautiful . I LOVE it and will be buying more !
 Perlier white powder has a scent that brings you to Italy . It is sweet , but not too sweet . The scent is intoxicating , the person next to you lingers a little longer as if trying to make a memory . The scent lasts all day and feels so soothing on your skin . You Must Try !!!
 Every time I use this mask , I get a glow on my face . You can feel it working and sucking up the oil . . It also really evened my skin tone this is the only product from this brand that actually does work !!! Oh and yes , I am black : -RRB-
 I have only been using for a few weeks now and can see the results . Not heavy or pore clogging but light and smooth .
 I 'm very satisfied with this product . It 's just the right size for traveling . I would recommend this to someone looking for a travel size diffuser .
 I bought Skin Milk Body Cream at Walmart just to try it . It is wonderful . It has made my extremely dry skin baby soft , and it protects as well . I think many people would love it . For the price , you ca n't loose !
 I have only used this product one day and I am shocked . I have dry to super dry patches on some of my skin and as much as I wash , exfoliate and use lotion . . Nothing was working . My skin was left darker in those areas . . Especially my knees . . Face . . knuckles ... Elbows and neck . I originally purchased this product to lighten under eye circles . . but apparently it says to avoid eye contact . . so I tried it on other places mentioned above and its amazing . I massaged it into my skin . . Let it sit five minutes and with a dry washcloth gently rubbed the same area and watched the dark skin disappear . Then washed with soap and water . I was shocked to find the dry dark skin gone ! The best part is there was no bad smell , it feels like a regular creamy lotion and it worked fast . However . . It has had no effect on freckles so far . I hear that takes a while but I am willing to give it proper time and see if it works on them or not . Anywho . . After I washed it off my face I applied regular lotion and my skin feels incredibly soft . If you get dark patches of dry skin . . I highly reccomend you try it like I have . Best of luck . I will check back if it helps with my three little freckles haha.o
 I would recommend this cream to anyone who has dark spots on the skin , but it takes time to eliminate them .
 I love this mirror . I hung it near a bright window and use it daily . It is perfect for what I need .
 Yes , indeed , this mirror does extend from the wall . I would recommend butterfly toggle mounting bolts that can be purchased at your local hardware store instead of the plastic sink mounts that come with the kit , though . Could be just me , but I 've never had much luck using those successfully and this time was no exception . Aside from the mounting , I 'm quite happy with the functionality of the mirror . No more back strain while leaning over to put on eye makeup ! It does extend only 12 '' from the wall , so do n't expect the mirror to extend so far that you might not have to angle in toward the wall a little bit . I definitely recommend this product for it 's functionality and stylish look .
 the mirror is wonderful . just wish it had a longer extention arm.delmer
 Hi , I 'd like to buy this mirror if it will fit on my wall -- I have only 2 '' in width available for the wall-mount . I did not see any dimensions for the width of the mounting panel.So could someone please tell me how wide the vertical mount -LRB- plate -RRB- is?Thank you very much .
 Nice mirror . Good magnification . Solid construction . My only change would allow vertical adjustability to allow flexibility in positioning on the wall . I had to move a picture to position it at the correct height .
 Pretty nice 'n classy . All fixtures included for attachment to the wall . Clean , clear and crisp reflection . No funny glass problems , even distributed glass and coating . Also has a plain mirror at the back .
 This is a top quality product . The mirror is the clearest I have seen . The frame is heavy and has a quality feel to it . The only disadvantage of this particular model is that the arm is short and does not extend very far .
 One of the best buys out there . I paid $ 20 . Hope to buy another one if it comes back on sale for $ 20 .
 This mirror provides the right amount of magnification for makeup , etc. . I selected it for its smaller size and am pleased that it takes just a small amount of room and folds flat against the wall . It was easy to install and is well made .
 This is a quality product . Looks good , works great , feels very solid , and at a fair price . I 'm very happy with this purchase . Getting it was my idea after using them many times in hotels when traveling on business but now that we have it in our bathroom my wife loves it even more than I do .
 I saw a 3X one in a hotel and looked it up online and bought the 5X one , I 'm glad I got the 5X . I 'd be interested to see what the 10X one is like , but it may be ` too much ' . It is really nice to use to find ` missed hairs ' and whatever blemishes one wants to look for ! My wife and daughter really like it !
 I almost bought a nearly identical mirror at Lowes for twice the price . So glad I found this . Great deal on a great product .
 The arm was a bit shorter than I envisioned , so is n't quite as versatile , but overall I like the way it looks and functions
 not what I expected . nothing wrong with the product , I needed it bigger round , it was to small for what I was using it for.Other wise it was ok .
 This is a good sized product , with a convenient pump.Smells like sweet milk . But not too sweet . Just a hint.I 'll give it 4 stars because it does not absorb quicklyand takes a good amount to really moisturize my hands -LRB- that I constantly wash -RRB- . I 've just ordered the skinMilk hand cream.Hopefully , that one will be better for the cold winter days thatdry my skin.I will compare and post a review .
 After reading some reviews I 've ordered this moisturizer to give it a shot . I must say I 'm very impressed . The product feels light and non-greasy when applied . I used it as regular moisturizer , after my glycolic acid treatments , under makeup and sunblocks . It does n't clog pores and I could see improvement in my skin 's condition . In the past I 've used several different products , including drugstore to organics to natural oils -LRB- like jojoba -RRB- as well as from expensive brands . But so far this product gave me the best result . I even used much expensive Elemis Pro-Collagen Oxygenating Night Cream after I ran out of Neuvage thinking it will give me a better result -LRB- I was nothing but disappointed -RRB- , I came running back to Neuvage . Looks like I will be sticking to Neuvage for a long time , till I find something better .
 I have been using Neuvage IDB for 5 years and it makes my skin so smooth . My skin is sensetive and usually my skin will grow with acne with other skin products . But with Neuvage IDB my skin does n't have any problem . In the past I ordered it from other internet site for $ 49.99 . I started to order it from amazon.com one year ago because they are cheap . I love it.Neuvage IDB -LRB- 3.6 oz - 2 BOTTLES -RRB- Facial Anti-oxidant , Advanced Formula
 It was easy to put up and very sturdy . It 's a plus especially for those who must wear glasses , I can see what I need to see . At first I thought I would need a lighted mirror , but I positioned it by my mirror and the lighting is great . I greatly recommend this mirror .
 Bought this for my 85 year old Mom and she loves it . She can see much better when putting on makeup etc. .
 This is a great Wall Mirror , also a great price ! Easy to install , and a super customer service ! Yes I have recommended this product to friends and it is just what it is called JERDON FIRST CLASS WALL MIRROR !
 I bought this as a Chrismas gift and have not yet seen it installed but I was very impressed with look of the frame , the construction , and the clarity of the mirror at both the regular magification and the 7x . Great buy !
 Recently had the use of one of these mirrors in a wonderful hotel and found this one through Amazon . Just as good a product and I can see things that you usually do n't want to !!!!
 It is so pretty looks like it costs A lot more you can realy see to put on your make up that is why I got it just love it
 this is a great wall mount mirror - easy to put up - and I now can see when I put on my eye makeup and pluck eyebrows !!
 This product is excellent . It is sturdy , mounts easilyand I can SEE to fix my hair!I love it !
 This replaced my previous 1X/3X mirror - I could n't even see a hair on my chinny chin chin . The 1X/7X is wonderful - I really thought I needed a lighted mirror but did not have an outlet - this mirror did the trick ! The clarity is great - I can see even without my glasses ! One reviewer mentioned there were 'n screws - I thought so too ... but I found them -LRB- with anchors -RRB- when I was tearing down the box .
 I absolutely love this mirror . I fell in love with a similar one in a hotel room and had to have one for my own bathroom . It was easy to install and looks great . You ca n't go wrong with this mirror .
 Wish mirror was a little larger . other than that very nice . good quality and fair price . will probably purchase one for a gift .
 I like being able to see the out of place eyebrows . Also other facial hair that seem to appear as you get older !
 Now that I 'm in my early 60 's , I need a magnified makeup mirror . This one mounts on the wall very conveniently and I use it several times a day .
 I am very happy with this mirror and would recommend it to anyone . I saw a mirror like this in our room when traveling , got home and ordered this one , hoping it would be as good as the one in the room - I have been very pleased with it . It has excellent magnification , easy to install and easy to keep clean . I have no dislikes concerning this mirror . Would buy again when needed .
 This was a gift for my mom . She likes to see the back of her hair and this works great . She said that she did n't realize how much she would enjoy the magnification for putting on her eye make-up etc. . . I like the look of it . It has a little extra detail that makes it look classy and decorative and the nickel finish matches her bathroom perfectly . I am pleased with the quality and feel that it was an extremely good buy .
 The mirror is great . I love the 7X magnification and nickel finish . The mirror and arm are great quality . It is exactly what I was looking for . Most mirrors are only 5X .
 This is a very nice mirror for the price . I 'm impressed . It looks great and works very well , too . I would definitely purchase again .
 Loved this Product and Great Price . Great for putting on my makeup , and the convenience of it being on the wall .
 Wow ! We were really impressed with the quality and workmanship of this mirror . Also , the price was excellent.We recently stayed at the Westin Resort and Spa in Savannah , and they had this type mirror in their baths . My wife had to have one , or one like it , so , the Jerdon First Class 7X seemed to fill the bill.After receiving the mirror and installing it on the wall -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- , my wife liked it better than the one at Westin.If you are boomers like we are , you really need one of these mirrors.After a certain age you have additional hair growth on your face , ears , and nose that you did not have before . This mirror really exposes your new flaws . If you do n't care about this new growth , or do n't want to know do n't buy this mirror . However , your friends and family will notice , and probably wo n't tell you .
 They had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and I stayed at and I fell in love with it ! I HAD TO HAVE ONE OF MY OWN and thanks to Amazon I was able to find one . This is an EXCELLENT product . My husband installed it easily and I would never be without one again . One side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good , lol , and eyelining is a breeze . Though he would never admit it , my husband uses also -LRB- trimming mustash , nose hairs -LRB- eewww -RRB- , shaving , etc. -RRB- Great product . Order one . You will not be dissapointed !!
 Like most of the others , I realized this type of wall-mount mirror is a must-have after a stay in an upscale hotel . In the hotel , the mirror was mounted eye-level next to the the sink . The vanity lighting was adequate to illuminate my face , so there is no need for the lighted mirrors . It makes tweezing much less of a chore since you do n't have to bend over or hold a mirror , and I 've never applied mascara and eyeliner so beautifully before ! Another added benefit is that you can swivel the mirror and use it in conjunction with your large bathroom mirror to see all angles of your face and rear - which is great for checking your hair and how your clothes are fitting ! To top it off , the mirror compactly folds away and does n't add to the clutter on your vanity top!I got the Jerdon mirror in and was immediately impressed by the weight of it . It does n't feel cheaply made . Each swivel point has a screw slot on the underneath side , so you can tighten them if you ever need to , and you wo n't have to worry about the rods sagging over time . -LRB- The hotel mirror did n't have this type of adjustment and there was a lot of slop in the joints -RRB- . I ca n't say how the finish will hold up over time since I 've just gotten in it , but I am hopeful I wo n't have any issues . Even if I do , this mirror was inexpensive enough that I would n't hesistate to replace it.Installation is a snap . There is a base plate you mount to the wall -LRB- a stud is preferred if you have one available -RRB- . You then mount the mirror on top of the base plate and tighten down the screws you see on the left and right in the picture.This mirror is really a must have for any bathroom ! I ca n't believe I 've gone so long without this simply luxury !
 Just as the other reviews say , this mirror works wonderfully and is comparable in quality to similar mirrors in hotels like The Four Seasons . -LRB- I looked up the price of the brand at one hotel and it was 3 times as much as this mirror -RRB- . I can finally put on my makeup without my glasses on and see what I 'm doing !
 This is a great addition to my bathroom ! I love it . Makes applying makeup a `` must '' ! Just be sure to attach it a little higher than your head so you wo n't bump into it at the wash basin ! The tilt and swing arm are very good features . I highly recommend this product and delivery was exceptional .
 The quality of this mirror is really good . I had to get better / different wall anchor hardware . The hardware it comes with is NOT sufficient for `` dry wall '' sheathed walls . Also , like another reviewer , the screws that secure the mirror to its wall mounting plate are about 3/16 '' TOO LONG ... and they are metric ! Jerdon really needs to address this . They 're lucky that I 'm handy ! Had to adjust the rotating tension on the extender joints to turn more easily so not to rip the wall out . Would I buy another ? YES , but I will be prepared with hardware next time .
 I had looked all over for a reasonably priced magnifying mirror for my updated bathroom . I needed brushed nickel and a wall mount . This product fit the bill perfectly . I LOVE IT . Highly recommend this product .
 good product , great value . My only concern is after using this 7x magnifying compared to a 5x , I found that I like the 5x better . It takes your eyes longer to adjust to the 7x . I experienced some eye strain because of it , but nothing major . Still a great product overall , especially for the price .
 I wanted a mirror like this after staying in a hotel that had one . I went on-line and they all seemed too expensive . Then I saw this more in my price range and I was afraid that it would be cheaply made but am very satisfied with it . I ca n't imagine ever trying to put on make-up in the mirror over my vanity anymore !
 Jerdon JP7507CB 8-InchWall Mount Mirror , 7X Magnification , Chrome FinishAfter staying in a nice hotel with one of these and finally being able to see my eyebrows closely , I could n't wait to order one for my home.I 'm 65 years old and I wear trifocals which makes it difficult to do anything closeup without lots of light and magnification . I was able to hang this myself but not with the the hangers provided . I did n't know how to use them - my fault , not theirs . One thing to note
 Was a little larger than I expected , but that was my own fault for not measuring ... High quality ; easy to install ; mirror is very clear ; magnification is ideal ; attractive mirror . Highly recommended .
 This mirror is a great mirror for the price . It is a bit on the light weight side but works well and looks very nice . I guess you could get a more substantial mirror but you would have to pay at least double the price .
 When you wear glasses , trying to do your hair or makeup using a regular mirror in front of the sink is not great -LRB- I ca n't see what I am doing at all -RRB- . I love this mirror . I hardly even use the 7x magnification side because the other side is close enough to me that I can see to do my hair and makeup -LRB- also great for eyebrow tweezing -RRB- . Make sure you hang it at the right height for you . I screwed it right into a stud using an electric screwdriver and so far it is holding up fine .
 It is extremely practical with the moving arm and oscillating mirror . I use it many times every day . The quality is overall good , though it shows some bumps on a dot , as if it is not evenly mirrored . I am very happy to have it .
 I saw this same mirror several other places . Amazon was by far the best price . High quality product .
 Having looked through all of the stores , I finally found exactly what I needed here at Amazon ; a simple wall mounted adjustable mirror to put my hair up in back using both hands and still see what I was doing . The design is elegant and simple and I discovered how necessary a good magnifying mirror is , which is on the reverse side . It easily moves around so you can view the whole back of the head . Just make sure the mirror is screwed into the wall at the height you require . The assembly and mounting was very simple and easy to understand , and the mirror is sturdily made and does n't wobble . I am very happy with my purchase and would n't hesitate to recommend this product . It is even better than I expected .
 It is better than what i was expecting , i use it every day , my husband did n't like at the begining , he said he could see every single detail in his face , but i have discovered him using it , haha , i recomended it . It also was so easy to install , but we have to do it twice , i took the measure while i was wearing hills , that was silly , but we reinstall it , now is perfect
 I first used this product in a hotel and decided I wanted one for my own use and mainly for my contact lens and shaving .
 Jerdon mirrors were used in a motel I stayed at so when I got home I Googled Jerdon and found them here in plenty of styles and finishes , best for shaving and getting those nasty blackheads off your face .
 I ordered this mirror to be installed in our guest bathroom . It is a very pretty mirror and extremely functional . All of my guests have enjoyed using it .
 As I get older my eyesite is n't what it used to be so , I purchased this mirror to help me see better when applying my make-up . The mirror works great - just like I wanted and hoped it would . It was easy to put on the wall . The arms were a little stiff , but they adjust to make them less stiff with a turn of the screw . Very happy I bought this mirror .
 This mirror fits nicely behind my bathroom door and operates smoothly . Much nicer than the cheap one I nearly bought at Ikea .
 Super Saver shipping = SUPER SLOW ! If you want them to ship out of the warehouse within a few days you will need to pay !
 Love the mirror , the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because I did have to use different screws to attach it to the wall ; the hardware provided was not sufficient .
 This mirror is a wonderful addition to my over-all peace of mind ... It was a breeze to install and the mirrors are distortion free . And I can not begin to tell you , how wonderful it is not to be driving along and find un-wanted , and before hand not seen , facial hair . . Thank you Amazon for carrying such a great product .
 This mirror has met all my expectations . Easy to mount excellent reflective properties . The magnifying part serves its purpose well , especially for my wife 's poor eyesight . Reasonably priced . Big bang for the buck .
 After staying in a nice hotel in San Antonio that had one of these mirrors in the bathroom , my wife just had to have one . We searched the Amazon site and finally decided on this one . She is extremely happy - the mirror is sturdy and the magnification is more than enough .
 A very welcome addition to my vanity . Ensures that I do n't leave the house looking like a clown . Very important to those whose eyesight is no longer 20/20 .
 This is an excellent quality mirror ; exactly what I needed . I purchased the 5X for my husband and he is very happy with his , too !
 No complaints ... mounting was a snap and it works great . Finish and mirrors are not flawed in any way and look good.Only problem was the wife deciding where to mount it , and of course where it was mounted is not the correct place . : - -RRB-
 I purchased this for my wife and she loves it , so do I.The quality is very good with one exception , The screw/nut that connects the swing arm on my unit was defective . The outer edge was broken off which allowed it to slip through the bushing , making it wobble . This should be a very rare , just check yours when you unpack it . You will love this item .
 I was on vacation in Mexico and the resort I was staying at had this wall mount mirror that I loved . I returned from my vacation and knew immediately I needed to find one fast . I went to a few stores looking for one that could work for me . I bought a mirror and was disappointed that it broke during the mounting process . As you can guess I was not happy that I had to return back to store for a refund.This time I checked out Amazon.com 's website and I found many varieties that I liked . I ordered Jerdon first class 7x wall mount mirror as I liked the style of the swing arm and double sided mirror that magnified and a choice of nichol , chrome or gold.I ca n't believe how long I lived without this mirror in my daily life , I really love it & use it daily !! It easily moves out of my way when it 's not in use and it 's not cluttering any counter space . I highly recommend this product and the installation was so easy !
 Used a mirror like this one in the Swan Hotel in Orlando FL recently and had to have one for home . It 's big so you see your whole face . It flips for regular and magnifying . The magnifying is enough to see all of your facial hairs you are trying to pluck easily .
 This two-sided mirror was just what I was looking for . It 's not fancy but sturdy , well made and priced very competitively .
 This is a very nice mirror for the price . The satin nickel finish matches our bathroom faucet and towel racks perfectly .
 The vendor did n't have the mirror we ordered so they e-mailed and when we called they sent us the upgraded version . Great value for the price .
 I needed magnification after cataract surgery . This mirror fit the bill perfectly and was easy to install .
 Good sturdy and good looking/quality product . We just hoped the shipping package was a bit more sturdy to keep it from breaking in transit -LRB- not that our was damaged -RRB- good product !
 The finish is perfect to match my bathroom decor . Feels sturdy . Had it in place for 1 week . The price was great and the shipping was free . Great shipping time .
 This is well made and easy to install . I would recommend to others considering this type of item . Delivery was on time and all parts were inclosed . I used my own achors to mount in drywall . I doubt if the ones included would hold .
 Nice mirror lacks ability to move vertically . Easy install and compact.Great for make-upNickle finish looks great in any bathroom
 I would definitely recommend this product to anyone -- got my old mirror off my counter and the size and magnification is great !!!
 mounted it on the wall next to my vanity and omg ... what i have n't seen in a while was scary !!!!!!!!! it stinks to wear glasses 24/7 and i love this handy mirror that i installed . easy to hang and pretty clear for 7x magnification .
 Needed to put something in the bathroom to fill two holes that were there and the mirrow fit perfectly , plus it matched the new towel bar and the magnification was perfect for such a blind person as myself . Great buy .
 This was everything that I expected . I love it . It swings out nice and back up against the wall when your done . I saw this at a Hotel and when I got home I ordered it . Also I like that it came in the Nickel finish too .
 After staying at a nice hotel which had a bathroom mirror that swiveled toward you and allowed me to put on my eye make-up without glasses , I was determined to find one for our own bathroom . This was perfect , not too expensive and exactly what the doctor ordered . This mirror is especially nice because it folds flat against the wall and out of the way when you do n't need it . After a few months , it will pay for itself because now I can see well enough to tweeze my own eyebrows !
 This mirror is a excellent . Be careful about putting it near open windows since it can and will reflect sun light which potentially could cause a fire . Quality is great and preferred it over brick and mortar stores mirrors that were $ 200 +
 Item was re-packed - it must have been returned by another customer . Item was as described.I am a frequent Amazon customer . This is the first time an obviously returned item was sold as new.I did not want to bother with shipping the item back . Amazon needs better quality control .
 Good price and good product , what else do you want from a product?It 's cute and very sturdy .
 I love this mirror . I ordered the 5x and used it for a couple of months.I had to move around to get the right angle but could never find that `` exact spot . '' My daughter is in her early forties and she could use the mirror comfortably . I gave it to her and ordered the 7x which is perfect for a senior citizen like me . I recommend it to anyone that has a hard time putting on make-up .
 this mirror is a god-send . I can see to put on makeup , do my eyebrows , etc. without having to break my back leaning over the vanity . Images are clear and sharp , and the arm extends and stays in place for as long as I need it to . would definitely recommend this to anyone who 's eyes are getting older faster than the rest of the body !
 I first used this mirror in a hotel in NYC , and I loved it . It 's great for makeup , and my husband loves it for shaving as well . You ca n't beat the price either . A great find !
 Our medicine cabinet is installed too far back to really use the mirror and moving it forward is not an option so I promised my wife I 'd install one of these mirrors , but we could n't find anything locally that looked and felt like quality while still matching our decor . So I took a risk on this one and was completely satisfied . The mirror , arm , and mount all have weight and feel like they 're well made . Plus , the design is very nice and matches our decor very well.Install is pretty easy , but I 'd plan on buying additional screws , or like me , running out to the garage for an extra screw or two until I found the right ones . It comes with short screws and wall anchors , but I 've never been one to totally trust wall anchors , so I located the best stud to use and pre-drilled my holes and mounted it . I would make sure you estimate where the mirror will be and how tall the person is that will use it the most . The install went very quickly and I was very pleased with the secure mount once everything was tightened down.My wife , who said she really did n't need it , now uses this at least once a day to apply makeup or tweeze whatever . Plus , I use it . A lot more than I thought I would . Get a good look at the eyebrows I do n't trim or clean up enough and to get a better view of a nose hair that I have n't been able to quite trim . It 's a dirty job , but someone has to do it and this really helps .
 I purchased this Jerdon wall mount mirror about a month ago and I love it . The 7x magnification can be a bit much at first but you adjust to it and then you wonder how you managed without it . Initially I thought I needed a lighted mirror but this is mounted next to my regular bathroom mirror with a good light fixture over it so having enough light is not an issue . The construction is very good and it was quite easy to put up .
 This mirror is really great the only problem is that it is a little unstable . I feel like I have to be really careful with it or it will pull out of the wall . But ... I really like it and would recommend it to anyone and will probably be getting one for my mom for her birthday .
 This wall mount 7X mirror is wonderful ! For those who need help in seeing up close , this is great . Being wall mounted , it can be easily pushed back out of the way , plus , you have the option of the regular mirror on the opposite side . It 's great for hands-free use ! My only suggestion would be to consider the model with the light . If your area does n't have side lighting , only overhead lighting like mine , you might appreciate the extra light .
 Love these wall mount shaving/makeup mirrors . Easy installation , nice quality look and feel . Looks great in the bathroom . Use it everyday for shaving , wife uses it for makeup .
 Not only does this mirror provide great image clarification but also has wonderful styling . Looks very classy !
 I love this mirror !! I looked at mirrors like this at Bed , Bath & BEyond and they were like $ 40 or more . Now I can actually see to pluck my eyebrows . . LOL . Great mirror for putting on eye makeup too . Love it !!
 The only reason I did n't give this a 5 star rating is because it is only a 7x mirror . If it were 10x I would give it 5 stars . This mirror is wonderful ! I can now see while putting on my eye makeup and when tweezing my brows . It folds back and out of the way neatly against the wall . Good purchase for the price !
 The item was good , but the magnifying side was not as expected . I thought I would see everything clearly . Overall , I am satisfied with the product . It is nice and flexible .
 Tried a Jerdon mirror in a hotel I stayed at , loved it so much I bought one for my home . Excellent shaving mirror . All of their mirrors are first-rate , buy this one or another that suits your purposes .
 I used one of these mirrors in a swanky hotel and just had to have one for the home . I did n't want to spend a lot of money , but I wanted an attractive piece of decor for the bathroom . This mirror fit the requirements , so I bought it.It is absolutely wonderful ! It seems to be well made and is very attractive with my current decor . If I had designed it myself , I would have made the swing arm a little longer so that it would come away from the wall farther , but it is a great mirror . I would buy it again .
 Every time I stay at hotels that have these swing arm magnifying mirrors I vow to buy one . Amazon had the best price for this magnification . It 's of good quality and and I 'm quite happy wth it . Eyebrow shaping and mascara applications are so much easier !
 This is a great mirror for the price ~ I found many lessor mirrors for a higher price . It has high magnification and since it has a moveable arm , I can move it around to take advantage of the light and the height of the person using it .
 The clarity of the mirror is great but what I like the most is theability to both adjust the mirror and store it flat against the wall when not being used.Price was also excellent for the quality .
 I needed a mirror that I could really see close up and this is it . Very clear almost shows too much if you know what I mean but that is what I needed . I wish the arm was longer but it does what I needed . Very nice quality . Great Price .
 I travel all over and love these mirrors in hotel bathrooms . So i ordered this one for home . Great item ! I call it my `` WRINKLE WATCHER '' ! When ever my daughter or sister visit they are usually in my bathroom closely examining the latest wrinkle , blemish or tweezing eyebrows . I 'm buying them both their own for Christmas complete with their OWN tweezers ... . I love this item because i can apply make up without using my reading glasses , I do n't have to lean over the sink and it folds flat against the wall when you are finished with it . Also , very easy to install .
 I purchased this mirror for my bathroom . It was easy to install and only took me a few minutes . It is a very pretty mirror . It is great for inserting contact lenses or putting on makeup or plucking your eyebrows . I ca n't think of anything negative to say about this mirror . I love it .
 This mirror is almost too good ! The magnification shows more than you really want to see ! Easy to mount , looks good and folds out of the way nice and tight . Very glad I bought this .
 This mirror is really great ! I purchased two mirrors and mounted them the same day in two different bathrooms . My mom -LRB- 68 yrs old -RRB- discovered that she has a mole on her eyelid that she had never seen before . My hubby improved on his shaving . Everyone loves it ! I use it every day for makeup and now I can see the slightest flaw . I do n't know how I lived so long without one . I first saw one of these mirrors in a hotel and knew it was a `` must have '' . It folds neatly against the wall and is sturdy . The package arrived as promised with all the instructions and nothing broken . I am very satisfied .
 This is a great mirror for seeing really up close ! It 's great for putting in contact lenses & anything else that needs `` close up '' work . Very useful !!!
 Very pleased to discover the quality of the mirror , it was better than I expected . I held the base against the wall while my wife extended the mirror & when she had it in the perfect position I marked drill holes and had it installed in less than five minutes . She loves it !
 I absolutely love this . I have gotten to where I can not see very clearly without my glasses and this fills the bill . It attaches securely to you wall and I love the extension arm . I can use it to do my hair , makeup , etc. postioning it with my large bathroom mirror .
 This is a first class product . it is all that I expected it to be . very easy to mount on bathroom wall and a really great space saver . I would recommend this to anyone thinking of purchasing a similar product .
 I was looking for a brushed nickel finished mirror and this one fit the bill perfectly . It works as intended and for the $ $ it is a great buy . I recommend it to anyone looking for a magnifying mirror
 Nothing wrong with this mirror , except that it does n't reach far enough for me to use as I 'd like . I should have measured how far it would have to reach to be perfect for my needs .
 I used this in an up-scale hotel and looked for the brand and product number on it . I knew I had to have this in my new bathroom . It is even nicer than the picture and wonderful for all us ladies with wild eyelashes growing here and there ... like our chins ... Love it . Viv
 We are extremely happy with our 7X mirror . . It was easy to mount , however the plastic expanding screw shields were not tappered . They were straight and when put in the wall they go straight through to the inside of the sheetrock ... I replaced them with tappered shields so they would expand when you put the screw into it . .
 My mirror arrived quickly , was easy to install , and makes putting on my makeup a breeze . I would recommend this product for everyone !
 Purchased this earlier this year and it 's still a solid unit -LRB- not falling apart -RRB- . Easy to install . The 7x mirror magnification is perfect for my aging eyes . Definitely recommend .
 What a great product . It looks very nice in our new bathroom . We use it every day . Highly recommend it .
 This mirror was used in an apt where the vanity mirror was too far away for applying make-up . AFter looking at nearly every mirror of this type , I 'm so glad we chose this one , as it not only looks great -LRB- closes flat to the wall & not bulky -RRB- -RRB- but is super useful in turning every way possible , giving you every angle you need for hair and make-up . This was for my mom who is a senior citizen , and she LOVES it ! But everyone that sees it wants one , and would be perfect for teens or college students too . It takes up little space , is classy looking , and a bargain price for it 's quality and usefulness !
 This is a great mirror . It is solidly made . The quality of the mirror is very good for the price . The magnification is perfect for applying makeup . Mounting was simple . I am so pleased I bought a second one for anotehr bathroom .
 I was very satisfied with the mirrow . I ordered it for a gift and they were very pleased with the mirror . I would recommend the wall Mout mirrow to anyone .
 I first used this mirror in a hotel in NYC , and I loved it . It 's great for makeup , and my husband loves it for shaving as well . You ca n't beat the price either . A great find !
 Like many of the reviewers , I had used a mirror like this at a hotel and wanted one for my own bathroom . The reviews were positive and it was n't to pricey , so I figured , why not ? When I opened the box and read the directions I was disappointed that the drill bit size was n't specified . I could n't find it on the manufacturers ' web site either . It took me several tries to get the right drill bit , which meant that I put several unneeded holes in my bathroom wall . When I did find the right size drill bit and lightly tapped the anchors into the wall , they cracked and bent back . The mirror is on my wall now and I managed to cover the extra holes with the mounting plate , but every time I use the mirror , I have to be careful not to pull it off the wall . It 's only a matter of time before I have to get new anchors and rehang it , as well as patch the holes and repaint . The mirror itself is fine . Just be careful and use a 3/16 '' drill bit !
 My order came in a timely manor , packaging was solid and installation was a snap . It does n't feel cheap for the $ 40.00 I paid . I wish the outer edge design of the 7-X mirror was also on the opposite side . It would have been nice to have it come in additional finishes -LRB- pewter , brass , bronze -RRB- for the same price .
 Product seems just as advertised . Very attractive and easy use on either side . My husband and I both enjoy it 's convenience . Mounting took only minutes and leaves our bathroom counter clutter free .
 I was a bit skeptical when I saw how inexpensive this mirror was compared to many others . However , it is a great product ! The installation was very easy and included everything needed and it looks great in our recently remodeled bath - works great too !
 Hi quality for the price ; lets my baby boomer eyes see things I do n't really want to now about .
 I have wanted a mirror like this for a long time but was wary of buying one which would be poor quality or of spending too much money . I feel that this product is a great value for the money .1 . It is a great quality . Both the magnifier mirror and the regular mirror are top of the line , crystal clear .2 . I installed it myself while my husband sat on the bed playing words with friends . I do not remember it coming with wall anchors so I provided those , but I had a box in the garage . -LRB- Be aware that you may need to provide your own - they are cheap at the hardware store . The mirror is heavy so if you are not installing in a stud drywall anchors are required . -RRB- A drill is important for this project - or a Phillips head screw driver if you are ambitious .3 . This mirror has a nice range . It saves my back from leaning over the counter to get close to the mirror on the wall behind the sink . For reference , when fully extended straight the distance from the mirror to the wall mount is 12 inches . The small segment is 4 inches and the larger segment is 8 inches.Highly recommend ! I wish I had purchased one years ago !
 This bronzer gives you a wonderful sunkissed look and it smells great too !
 I enjoy using this product as a highlight to my summer tan -- it does provide a healthy-looking , and shiny finish to my make up . At first I used it when dressing up , now it is part of my daily make up application . People have commented on the wonderful glow of my skin -LRB- I use it on my shoulders , arms , knees -LRB- when I wear shorts -RRB- , and on the highlight planes of my face . The lotion is not heavy , and does not look artificial.I feel it does just as much for complexion finishing as does a blusher application .
 Already color treated and highlighted my hair went into frizz overdrive this summer after a long illness with multiple medications . Hair really does reflect your body 's well being . This brillo pad on my head was depressing.Switching shampoos and conditioners -LRB- all brand name -RRB- did not alleviate the problem.Then along came Alterna conditioner that I paired with the same shampoo.Wonderful results ! This helped not only my hair but my general outlook.Alterna is `` 911 '' hair rescue . One of my best Amazon purchases this year !
 I 'm 39 years old with thick , frizzy , highlighted hair . My hair , even when it 's not color-treated , is so dry it 's crunchy . While making my way through high-end to low-end `` moisturizing '' hair products that did n't make a dent in my dryness , I got a sample of Alterna Caviar Moisture shampoo and conditioner . I did n't expect much of it -- the scent was just okay -LRB- IMHO -RRB- , and the consistency was like most shampoos and conditioners . But my hair was so soft and smooth . After straightening , I usually have flyaways and kinks . But after using Alterna , my hair was as smooth as baby hair . I 've been using Alterna Caviar for several months now and I highly recommend this . The Rapid Repair Spray is also good . I 've tried the Caviar Blonde , but it 's not as moisturizing .
 I absolutely adore this conditioner ! Yes , I was very skeptical because I have tried so many products that all claim to do the things that this one really does ! It leaves your hair so soft and silky , it is just unbelievable until you try it for yourself . It 's scent is quite strong so it stays in your hair and smells just beautifully . I absolutely have found my perfect conditioner ! I have coarse , highlighted , naturally curly hair and it is just fabulous on my hair . I could tell a huge difference on day one ! LOVE IT !
 I was first introduced to B.Kamins at HUMC Spa . . they have a rather high mark-up so i now shop them on amazon . The vegetable cleanser is amazing . Paired with the toner and SPF lotion your skin will look transformed .
 I bought this item hoping to include it when i use my cleanser for my skin . I was thinking the bristels would be a little bit more resistant . The bristels are extremely soft almost like a feather . I think it is a good brush , but maybe a little too weak for some people /
 This is a good facial brush . The bristles are soft enough to not irritate acne prone skin . It helps bring your cleanser to a lather . Comes with a plastic cover which would be bad to loose . I lost mine sadly so I have to place my brush in a jar . Cap can come off very easily so be sure to cap it and set the brush down , and not propped against anything . Bristles may stain very easily if using it to remove an herbal facial mask or very colored products . The bristles can also fray and bend very easily if you do n't take care to cap and store properly after use . Overall it was worth the price .
 This is the 4th face brush I have tried . This one is the longest lasting so far . It is soft , but effective . It is durable & easy to clean . The smaller head size allows it to more easily penetrate the creases around the nose that my wider headed face brushes could not easily get to . Very pleased .
 I use this product to enhance the effectiveness of my facial soap . It helps to exfoliate without being too harsh . I love it !
 Bought this after my clarisonic died ; didnt want to put another 200.00 into buying one so i thought i 'd give this a try ; works well ; bristles are soft and do a good job ; easy to handle and keep clean ; happy with this product .
 This brush makes your face really really soft , like a baby 's face . I was expecting firmer bristles , but it has extremely soft ones . It kinda feels like a baby 's hair brush . Surprisingly , it works amazing ! It removes all the dirt and oil , leaving my skin super soft .
 I bought this to replace my old face brush -LRB- by Origins -RRB- whose bristles were too stiff . With my old face brush , after I used it , my moisturizer would sting my face , which told me that the old brush was putting little tiny cuts all over my face . This brush by Happy Face is just perfect . It 's much softer than my old brush and my face feels good afterward . At the same time it 's not so soft that it does n't feel like it 's not doing anything . My face feels so much cleaner than washing with just my hands or a wash cloth !
 This brush is amazing ! It feels soft and not abrasive on my skin . It was a great value and srrived on time . I have recommended this product to my friends .
 Had a great deal of trouble finding a complexion brush . The Happy Face complexion Brush fills the bill .
 Its small soft and cute ! I use it to remove my face masks and for face washing . Its just what I needed I was sick of using wash cloths that can be a bit rough and tug the skin .
 This is perfect because it 's not so expensive . It cleans my face , stimulates it and my face feels so good afterwards - a definite yes .
 Have n't gotten it yet but with the reviews It sounds like a gr8 products.Im going to use it for these products I bought from Mary Kay I ca n't wait !!!!!
 The bristles are very soft but you can see how it really helps take the makeup / dirt off your face .
 I love this brush and I received it quickly . It is just soft enough yet hard enough to clean your face .
 The brush is very soft . If you want it to exfoliate it will not . It has very nice bristles and is very comfortable in your hand but a bit too soft for me . I like to scrub my face .
 I received this in the mail today and tried it out . The bristles are a little to soft but other than that , it 's a good brush .
 i was very happy with this product . It came very quick . I would definitely buy from this seller again and recommend it to my friends and family . product looks new and works great . .
 The brush was a little smaller than expected but adding a complexion brush to your daily regimen makes a huge difference !
 I just got the brush today and as soon as I used it I saw a major difference in my complexion my face was glowing and my skin tone looked even ! Amazing . Definitely a great purchase . Also it came on time -LRB- :
 I was very happy with the entire ordering process . The product was delivered right on time ! The lotion scent is very intoxicating ! Thanks !
 I bought this for my brother , and I ca n't wait to see the look on his face when he opens it up . This is a great product , perfect for the Naruto fan who loves characters like Izumo , Hayate Gekko and Gemma Shiranui .
 I 've used this shampoo for years . I have fine , damaged blonde hair and it is one of the only shampoos that cleans and conditions without over conditioning .
 Personally , let me say that the smell is n't that great to me because I do n't like the scent of honey , but since I tried one Rusk product before -LRB- their hairspray -RRB- , and loved it , I decided I would try the Rusk Sensories Brillance shampoo , and the Rusk Sensories Brillance Spray/Leave-In Conditioner since I had recently colored my hair . Before , I had tried Biolog shampoo for colored hair , and it seemed to strip the color out rather than keep it in . Now , the other day , I purchased the two Rusk products , and have washed my hair twice already and both times have seen no sign of color fading and my hair has felt exceptionally clean . When using the shampoo , a light scent of honey fills the air and the shampoo removes any product build up , without being harsh to your hair . My hair felt silky smooth , but still had body and volume , after washing and blow drying . I then used the leave in conditioner , and found it great to use before blow drying to gloss the hair , and then before and after straightening my hair to leave it smooth , and protected from heat and UV rays from the sun . I am REALLY satisfied with this product . -LRB-
 This shampoo is amazing , works very good and smells good . I use henna and the color stays on my hair all month . Before that the color was vanishing slowly but surly . I gave only 4 stars because I found this brilliant shampoo @ Meijer for $ 11.59 and I paid for bottle $ 14.00 . Why it 's cheaper in the store ??? It should be the other way around . But still this is very good shampoo and work very good :-RRB- -RRB-
 Product was exactly as stated . This is a difficult to find fragrance ordered late before Xmas . It came well-packaged and on time . This is half the price of a dept. store . I will order again .
 It wont last for too long but it smells very nice ... For the money i would say do it
 Is very good . it smells very nice and soft . In my case i like because is accurate for the morning
 So glad to have found this item . Bought it as a gift for someone and they LOVE it ! FAST shipping too ! Thank you !
 I am a fan of Claiborne fragrances - Bora Bora , Curve , and Sport . I have many of these -LRB- variations of Curve -RRB- in my collection . Sport has been a pleasant addition . I get that our `` noses '' are different - my Mom swears that no one has a nose like mine - I detect a `` clean showered '' , -LRB- touches of -RRB- floral , fresh , and `` piney '' notes . The fragrance is appealling from the initial application and settles into the fresh clean showered essence that is quite pleasing . It is definitely easy on the nose.The real beauty of Sport is the deal . The large bottle is available on Amazon with free shipping under $ 20.00 . Great deal with great service . Secondary to the deal is the longevity . This element is the most important to me and the one I am most critical . The fragrance has above average longevity , lasting about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- hours , maybe longer on the shirtsleeve . The fragrance has potential `` Wow Factor '' - Sweetie smelled my neck this morning and asked about the fragrance . Keep in mind that I applied the fragrance yesterday morning prior to work . Claiborne is underrated in men 's fragrances - I have had several compliments -LRB- i.e. Wow Factor -RRB- from many of the fragrances -LRB- probably most from Bora Bora -RRB- . The bottle is appealling to me - it is clear with shading/etching on half . I love the clear bottles that allow you to see the clarity of the fragrance . The spray is above average - use moderately . . !! Additionally , the packaging is above average , which is great for such an inexpensive fragrance . The bottom line guys - if you want an underrated fragrance at a great price - Sport or any of the Claiborne frangrances should be added to your collection.All things considered , I give Sport 4.2 stars out of 5 and definitely recommend . Try something new today - you may like it ...
 This is the first cologne I 've bought from Amazon and must say I 'm definitely going to buy more in the future . To start off with , the cost for the amount of cologne is superb . My package got here three days earlier than what was initially set so that was nice . Received it nicely packaged without any damages . I was a bit iffy on cologne buying online after reading negative reviews on other colognes , but this one is simply fantastic . I took a test spray and at first noticed a hand sanitizer smell which threw me off a bit . Once it settled in within a three minutes or so , it smelled amazing . Lasts for hours too . Great price , service , and smell . Would recommend this to any one of my friends .
 Bought this cologne for my husband and he absolutely loves it . This is now his new favorite , I also love the way it smells on him .
 My wife was desperately was looking for this cologne for years with no luck until she decided to start the search again to give it to me as our 10th year anniversary gift . She met back in the days wearing this cologn so now she gets to re-live those moments again !
 Claiborne Sport By Liz Claiborne For Men . Cologne Spray 3.4 OuncesI was brushing up a right cologne for my 11 year old twin boys , and I got it right . . !! They really like it . . !! It is 100 % original .
 Have been looking for this fragrance for a long time . Last time I used it many middle aged women -LRB- cougars -RRB- approached me and asked me what it was . I was really surprised and wanted to buy more of it , but Macys was out and the manufacturer was not distributing . Recently , after two years , and much to my surprise , I went on a search for it and found it on Amazon and ordered two bottles . Guess what , I still get women asking me what I 'm wearing and of course my wife tells them , ha .
 This is my dads favorite cologne and he was so ecstatic that he received it for fathers day because evidently they do not make it anymore . It is such a big bottle for such a cheap price . I highly recommend it .
 I really like this cologne and so does my girlfriend . It is n't too over-powering yet it lasts for awhile ! I ordered it through Amazon and it was at my door step in no time .
 For $ 15 dollars and change this so far was the best deal I ever got for a good quality cologne . The fragrance is crisp and clean , not too strong but noticable . I got compliments on this cologne the first day I wore it .
 I wore this cologne for years . I thought it had been discontinued then I found it here on Amazon . . For the price you ca n't beat it . Still to this day it 's one of my all time favorites ...
 This is the best cologne I 've ever used !!!! It will last all day !!!! I 've never had another cologne last this long !!!!
 I wore this cologne on the bus one day and a lady came up to me and said you really smell really niceand asked for the name of the cologne and she said she will buy it for her husband , I am known for the colognes I wear and this is up there on my list , enjoy
 My husband loves this cologne and the stores do n't carry it anymore . Love that we can still get it online at amazon .
 My boyfriend 's mom got him this for Christmas or something randomly , and I fell in love with it ! He 's out , and he does n't even remember what it was called . But i found it on here , and i 'm getting him for Christmas again ! So it 's good with younger men too , if you 're wanting to get it for your son . It makes any guy instantly huggable ! ; -RRB-
 I first caught wind of this scent 10 years ago . In my opinion , it is a better `` sport '' cologne than POLO Sport .
 I love the way this cologne smell on my husband and my sons . When my sons wear the cologne they often get asked what are they wearing and they say Liz Claiborne Sport . I am glad that I was able to find it on Amazon .
 I got my money 's worth with this product . I thought that it was going to be a little bottle of cologne but it turned out to be a lot more than I thought . So I actually got more for my money than I thought !
 phenomenal scent its a very fresh and alluring blend i used to wear it in college and it was amazing back then and i used a 3.4 ounce bottle up fastrated VERY high among cologne snobs and it has an almost perfect score on perfumeemporium , basenotes bloggers rave about this , fragrantica has this rated highlyits a great bang for your bucks !
 my hubby wore this loooooooooooong time ago.we had been unable to purchase it at local stores.so i decided to buy it on line.we received is quickly.Love this cologne on my hubby.Brings back memories just smelling it .
 I love the scent of claibourne sport . It 's very soft yet manly . A perfect blend ! I 'm certainly a life time buyer .
 My husband was delighted when I gave it to home for our annniversary . I tried buying it at Christmas but the stores no longer carry it . It smells great . I just cant stay sway from him when he is wearing it.Thanks so much for making a wish come true .
 good stuff . i get compliments often because a lot of guys around me stink . it 's citrus without smelling sour . it 's not heavy but it keeps you smelling good for at least a good half to 3/4 of a day . i like it because not a lot of guys wear it and it 's nice when the ladies can tell it 's ` your ' smell and want to know what you have on . be OG . wear claiborne sport .
 now if theres one thing a woman loves ... its a papi who smells of masculinity and euphoria , this is the cologne that puts all others aside ... i spray this on my clothes before i go out ... after i detail my car ... i spray it inside my ride ... and when the scent hits the sences of the woman i just picked up ... everything goes according to plan ... and nothing ever falls through ... been sporting this cologne since i was 15 ... if it discontinues anytime soon ... i would seriously be hurt !!!!
 Good stuff , received it quickly and in good order , would shop with this vendor again , absolutely no doubt
 This is my favorite cologne , but you ca n't find it in the stores anymore . I was so happy that I was able to find it on here for such a great price
 I would definitely recommend this to everyone . It smells great and kinda reminds me of Abercrombie and Fitch :P My boyfriend will love it . I would buy it again ! The shipping was so incredibly fast . Which is a wonderful scenario because I got it before Valentines Day .
 This cologne is good for 24/7 . During the day and at night . Very manly and only a little dab is necessary ...
 Overall I 'm very happy with my purchase . I love this cologne . It just became my new signature scent . Also It was a great price . much cheaper than in a retail store .
 Besides other than smelling great , it was relatively cheap and there is a considerable amount that will last . A sweet smelling cologne if you ask me . Truly a must have .
 Great product arrived very fast and was the best deal I have seen anywhere !! Thank you so much
 Claiborne Sport is one of the best colognes out there , this cologne settles in very nicely and it last a long time . The smell is very unique and fresh . I buy the cologne straight from Amazon , they have the best price on it . Check it out for yourself , the girls will love it .
 Claiborne Sport is my favorite cologne and the price on Amazon was 50 % less than any local store . It was my second purchase of this product .
 When I walked into the neighborhood drug store in search of a fragrance , I had n't a clue as to which would be best for me . So , I asked the young lady at the register which did she like best . Emphatically and without hesitation , she suggested that the Claiborne Sport was by far her favorite scent for men . Without question , I took her advice , and she was right . I 've since received numerous complements from women on this scent . Believe me fellas , some men 's colognes were designed to make a funky monkey look appealing in the eyes of women , and this is one of them . Also , try the Claiborne Mambo .
 Perfect cologne for day or night use - ladies seem to really like it . I know I do .
 I ca n't get enough of these wonderful bath salts . Made with fine Dead Sea Salts and seaweed powder , it makes bathing feel like a trip to the Bahamas . The salts are a beautiful deep teal blue that make the bathwater look like the cleanest of blue ocean water and the smell is heavenly , especially if you 're into ozone scents . It does relieve mild stress and leaves the skin quite soft and fragranced . It also has a matching shower/bath gel that makes it a double delight when used together . I used to be able to find these products at upscale department stores , but have not seen them there for a long time . However , they are still available online at various beauty stores and of course , at the Molton Brown site .
 It 's a wonderful smell , and very relaxing . However , the color is very intense . Your bathtub will look rather like that blue airplane toilet water . It dissolves very well for the most part , but there will be some teal detritus to rinse away after the bath . No big deal , just a side effect of the intensity of the dye .
 Very relaxing and luxurious . It smells like the ocean and turns the bath water a peaceful green color . It may be a little pricey for the bottle , but you only need a small amount for a bath , so it will last a while .
 This was given to me as a gift , and I enjoyed the fragrance.It 's not too perfumy , and does n't linger on your skin afterwards . Just a clean light scent . Also a little bit goes a long way for a generous lather . Used in the shower it 's like getting a bubble bath standing up .
 I love this stuff ... It is gentle on my skin and I have super sensitive skin and it actually lightens ! I was surprised ... it 's nice , it wo n't make you an unnatural weird shade , probably the lightest you can go to your natural color , it 's good at taking away dark spots and tan lines !
 This by far the best lightening soap I 've used so far . Last summer I used Dianna Stalder 's Kojic Soap without ANY results , but with the Daggett and Ramsdell soap I 've seen great results . I have been using this soap for a month and half with remarkable results . I used it to remove my annual summer tan . The key is to scrub this stuff into your skin with a sponge . For my face , I like to soap my hands up with this soap and mix in a little bit of St. Ives Apricot scrub to help the process along . Exfoliation is key . I do n't really think this soap will lighten you past your natural complexion if that 's what you 're going for -- this is why I like it personally . I did not aim to lighten up more than what was natural , but to lighten my complexion back to it 's original color.I should mention that I am African American of a light to medium complexion . My natural undertones are gold , red , yellow and brown mixed together , however this soap makes my skin `` glow '' evenly . It 's an excellent `` brightener '' ! Just be sure to use this soap with a good sunblock lotion . I use one with 50 spf .
 In a few days I noticed a change ; it definitely has brightened my complexion and I love that it 's so gentle on the skin .
 If you are looking for a great all-natural product to reduce freckles , tan lines , ae spots , or just to firm up your skin then this is the product for you ! I love this stuff ! After the birth of my son , my skin looked extremely dark . I bought this product to try to lighten my skin a bit and because it was stated to be all-natural ingredients . It worked and it did more than I could 've ask for ! It lightened my skin , my age spots started to disappear , and my skin got firmer . I tried it on my tan lines and then faded away . I 'm hooked to this product now and use it everyday . I 've even bought some to share with my mother and she agrees that its the best skin lightening product she 's ever tried . Give it a try and you will probably love it too .
 I 'm a light skinned black women and I recently moved to Florida . Everyday I 'm constantly in the sun and was getting tired of not being my natural color . This is a great inexpensive product.It helped get rid of my tan also lightend up my under arms and some hyperpigmentation spots from shaving . This will dry out your skin so lotion after but its the best thing I have used so far . It does take about a week or so to see results and a tip for making it work faster is to soap up your whole body and let it sit there till it drys , then rise off . I use it everyday and I do see results quick but I always end up getting tan again because of the sun but it keeps me from getting darker .
 Love this soap , but the very top of the soap bottle , the wrapper wont stay on . I ended up taking it off , now the spring/pump mechanics are visible . I was able to use goo-be gone and get the rest of the label off so the bottle still looks nice , but I figured this was worth mentioning . I adore the lotion . I do n't usually care for lotion , but this lotion is great . It has a very light scent -LRB- I purchased the orange scent -RRB- , and it 's not to greasy . It really softens the skin !
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 Love this soap , but the very top of the soap bottle , the wrapper wont stay on . I ended up taking it off , now the spring/pump mechanics are visible . I was able to use goo-be gone and get the rest of the label off so the bottle still looks nice , but I figured this was worth mentioning . I adore the lotion . I do n't usually care for lotion , but this lotion is great . It has a very light scent -LRB- I purchased the orange scent -RRB- , and it 's not to greasy . It really softens the skin !
 Biosilk 's shampoo & conditioner have made a real difference to my dry hair . Worth the extra money .
 was a gift for daughter in law , she loves the way it makes her hair look and feel .
 I absolutely love this product . I have many bubble bath products , but this one is the best yet . The bubbles last forever . I took a thirty minute bath and there were still bubbles after the water was let out . It makes the water feel smooth and silky . It leaves your skin very soft .
 great stuff , harder and harder to find retail , even thou the company says its still avail and lists stores that carry the line ; no one carries the scrub , fearful of discontinuation , buy NOW experience the best smelling and working scrub ever !!
 Excellent great smelling facial scrub almost smells like frosting for the face and neck . I would recommended this product to everyone .
 My beautician advised me to begin washing my face in milk , instead of soap . I finally found this product , and have been using it ever since ! I find it cleans better than soap , and my skin has a silky feeling . When I could no longer find it in my local stores , I almost panicked !! Instead I called Helen of Troy and was told to go to Amazon , which I obviously did . This product will make you look and feel younger . -LRB- And I am 83 years old ! -RRB- Kudos to Helen of Troy and Skin Milk !
 The best gel . I 've tried them all . Just the right consistency . Good hold yet it breaks free , it does n't flake white on my hair . It 's THE best
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer - it 's the best I have ever tried . I originally got it from my salon ; used it all up and have been unhappy that in the last three months -LRB- have been there twice for haircuts -RRB- , they have not re-stocked this product . They were selling it for $ 12/ea ... this is a great deal
 my hair is curly , really long , thick , and frizzy , and this works wonders . I got this for controlling my curls , not for sport hold . I probably only use a dime size amount and its just right , any more and it would probably get crunchy . for this product , the minimal amount is best .
 Actually Rob 's wife here
 Thisis some of the best hair holding gel I have ever used , and I WAS a fan of the natural look . You can make it as stiff or as soft-appearing as you like , and this size of container will last a good long time , if used judiciously or otherwise . A little goes a long way.The best for the spiked look !
 I need this baby to look sharp and sexy . Ladies love a man who grooms himself right , so this definetely gets their attention as well . Highly recommended for people like myself who live an exercise lifestyle as well .
 I recently discovered this gel in a quest to test out cheaper hair products . I absolutely love LA Looks Sport Gel . I get really springy , well defined curls with it . I 'm a type 3b with some 3c and I 'd consider this a heavier gel . It does dry with a bit of crunch , but I scrunch it out and get soft curls . My previous favorites were Kinky Curly Curling Custard and Ouidad Climate Control , but this is just as good in terms of curl definition , dries with less crunch than Kinky Curly , and is only $ 2 or $ 3 at drug stores , supermarkets and big box retailers for 20 oz . Unlike Kinky Curly , it also does n't marketdly increase drying time . Also , unlike the Ouidad Climate Control Gel -LRB- which I will use on top of this gel in very high dew points -RRB- it has no silicones in it . This gel is good for those following the Curly Girl Method . The price on Amazon is outrageous . Since I 've been using this gel , I 've been having some great hair days at a very low price .
 Cheap . Odorless . Strong hold.I have straight short hair and it works great . Strong hold with no flakes ! This bottle will last me 6 months too .
 i have long curly hair and i use a lot of gel . I ca n't stand getting a small tube of curly hair gel for 3 bucks because it does n't last me long . Even though this same brand makes curly hair gel , i think this is better because it has a stronger hold . This does n't make my hair flaky.It does n't make my hair greacey . It 's very cheap . Any gel works on my hair but , i love to use this . When i go outside for gym class on an extremely hot day , my gair stays curly and non frizzy the whole time .
 I have been having a problem finding this in stores . It is my husbands favorite hair gel . He loves it .
 This mirror is very classy and pretty . There is a regular mirror on one side that flips over to the 6x magnification . It has an easy on/off switch . The only thing I do n't like is that the light is too dim to apply make-up with accurately . I use another light along with this mirror . If you 're looking for a mirror with a bright light this is not the one for you .
 I had seen the product in our room of a resort/spa at which we stayed , but they did not have any for guest purchase . I wrote down the mfg and model number and did a Google search for the product once we got home . Of course , I had to wade through the myriad of product lines on Google , but the most inexpensive prices were at Amazon . The product came quickly , in good condition , and was exactly as advertised - just like the one I had seen at the resort .
 I am very happy with the mirror , except my old one , which I broke , made by the same company , had an adjustment to make it higher , which I liked . I like the two sides being useful .
 I gave this mirror as a birthday gift . It is very pretty and was recieved very well . Glad that I chose this one .
 I was very pleased with my item . I had been looking everywhere for a gold tone mirror to go with my bathroom which has gold fixtures . I was perfect .
 this product is exactly what i wanted . perfect size , not to big or to small . the lighting is perfect , and it looks gtreat .
 i love it and it looks better than i know . . great product will make my wife vey very very happy
 Great little mirror my wife loves it , just wish she 'd keep it off my subwoofer ! We 've had it over a year now and it still works .
 I would recommend this product and I would buy it again . It is everything I was expecting .
 This mirror serves my purposes nicely . The light is bright enough to illuminate my face without blinding me and the mirror is large enough for me to see my whole face . The magnifying side is also strong enough to see details . It is lovely and looks high quality enough that I leave it out and do n't worry that it looks tacky .
 The product is great . I am really enjoying using it ; however , I really do wish the halo light was brighter . I had a similar mirror previously and the light was brighter and it really did light the mirror nicely .
 I bought this lighted mirror as a gift for my sister since I already have an earlier model . This one 's even better than mine since it 's two-sided , featuring 6x close-up and regular lighted mirror sides . When plucking eyebrows , chin hairs or applying make-up , you will not find a better lighted mirror out there . This one 's the best ! You will never fail to pluck even the smallest , tiniest , least visible hair again because with the light and the powerful mirror , you 'll see them all . This is a wonderful product for personal grooming . The cord is long and the mirror swivels so that you can position it perfectly . I highly recommend it .
 My husband loves this product , but it 's a bit pricey , so when I saw the review saying that the product was the same as a Loreal product , I ordered the Loreal . Definitely NOT the same product . Do n't be fooled . One reason my husband loves the Keihl 's is because it does n't have a heavy scent . The Loreal product is so heavily perfumed that I ca n't even be in the same room when my husband is wearing it . It 's like a overscented candle . Does it work the same ? Maybe , but were going back to Kiehls .
 I ordered Kiehl 's Facial Fuel after it was featured in GQ -LRB- 11/08 issue , Jimmy Kimmel on the cover -RRB- . It 's a great product and my skin always feels fresh for hours after applying it.After writing the above review , I realized that I bought the 4.2 oz version through Apothia for a considerably lower price -LRB- 29.50 -RRB- . Unfortunately , it is no longer available . BatheandBeauty needs to adjust their price .
 This stuff is amazing , it really leaves your face clean and it smells good too . You only need to use about the size of a nickel at a time .
 Non-greasy quality product . Good sized bottle , worth the money . Helps after shaving and in the winter with harsh cold temps .
 I love Kiehl 's and especially Facial Fuel Moisture Treatement that I have been using for years . In fact I got my Dad hooked on it as well . I have oily to normal skin with a light beard and find that facial fuel helps reduce the itchiness . My face feels more energized and fresh after using it . My skin is a bit sensitive and I especially like that there is no heavy fragrance . Nice to put on in the morning after the shower or before going out in the evening . The only thing that I would like is if it had an SPF . It might seem a little pricey but it 's well worth it as you only need a small amount -LRB- size of a dime -RRB- to apply .
 I will just say this product works ! I have not tried the other item that some indicate is the same and it might be . For me , when you have dry and difficult skin problems and you find something that really works , just buy it !
 Just wanted to respond to the reviewer who felt that the L'Oreal Mens Expert moisturizer was the same but much cheaper -- if you look at the PER OUNCE cost , they are about the same , with the Kiehls possibly costing less give or take a dollar or two . L'oreal is about $ 12 for 1.7 oz , whereas this is $ 29 for over 4 oz . Either way , it definitely costs more than other products , but I received this as part of a Christmas gift pack and , four days later , am ready to swear by it .
 I purchased this moisturizer for my boyfriend . I have n't given it to him yet , but I tried it and it does n't feel oily or greasy . It smells like mint ; it has menthol in it . I bought it at Nordstroms for $ 25 -LRB- plus $ 2 more for tax -RRB- for the 2.5 oz . I do n't know why this one is $ 31 for the 2.5 oz . The 4.2 oz at Nordstroms was $ 35 -LRB- not including tax -RRB- . Just wanted to warn you ! But other than that , seems like a good product , and I love Amazon : -RRB-
 I foyu have men -LRB- or older teens -RRB- in your life this stuff is great . They love it and hey , everyone needs to moisturize . Kiehls makes very good creams . And they dont look foofy so my teens and twenty two year old like it !
 I love this moisturizer more then any face cream ive triedforget anything you bought at wallgreensthis is five stars , makes your face look more vibrant before going out , feeling fresh , and confident , i absolutley love iti must have this everytime before i go out and right out of the shower and after a shaveonce you buy this your going to be hooked ! i promise !
 This face lotion is great for that fresh feeling . Ideal for that out of the shower freshness !! Clean , fresh and not grease !! not a matte finish but a nice , healthy glow ... for me this a great finish to being clean ! 4 stars because I wish it had even more of a cool feeling !!
 It adds volume and makes a huge difference . I have naturally curly and difficult manage hair and this works like a charm to help smooth and style my hair .
 A great tool to freshen up your style ... it can be very hot to dry . . or recurl your hair and then you have a Cold Shot to set the style ...
 I bought this hot air brush a few months ago and I love it ! I have very fine , thin hair and it 's hard for my hair to keep any sort of curl or wave . But with this brush I can style my hair in the morning -LRB- curled under at the ends -RRB- and it stays put all day . Easy to use , great product .
 If you want to straighten unruly hair while you style it plus have the ease of one-hand holding , then this is exactly what you 'll want to get the job done - and quickly .
 I am so thrilled with this hair tool . I love it so much , I refer to it as my Magic Wand . It really can take my hair from blah to fabulous in as little as a few minutes and I can go from wet hair right from the shower to walking out the door styled and ready in about 10 minutes . This product provides great lift to help with volume on my generally limp hair . And since the hair is rotated around the barrel while drying and styling , it has a healthy sheen to it every time .
 Perfect tool to blow dry and style your hair everyday . Powerful but does n't burn your hair , very easy to use , hair does not get tangled at all . I use this hot air brush everyday , and really recommend it if you want a smooth style , not very curly as the brush is 1 inch and a half .
 I have never been able to get all of my layers to turn under nicely until I tried this hot air brush . It is easy to use and my hair looks almost as good as the blowouts I get from my stylist !
 I 'm a hairstylist and I love this thing . It works on dry hair and gives great volume and finishes the ends nicely . The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because they tend to overheat and die . I 've gone through 4 in 3 years . Keep in mind I do use it several times a day . I have gotten many a client atticted to it .
 Works great I wish this tool came with interchangeable brush sizes so you can change it for different lengths of hair . It just comes with one brush that comes off and you can use just the blower part . I find I would need smaller brush barrel on top of my head and bigger brush barrel in the back .
 For those who wind up with a head full of frizz using a dryer , this is a great solution . The brush and blower all in one hand . For longest life , start with hair that is not dripping wet . It leaves great texture , shine and curl -LRB- if you like -RRB- while taming the wayward strands .
 I have been using this hot air brush for years and just love it . I use mine after I blow dry my hair with a blow dryer to get the extra volume and take out the frizzies . I have very curly hair and this is the only thing that will actually keep it straight for the whole day . Flat irons just make your hair flat . This makes your hair shine and have volume .
 i bought this brush because i had trouble dryin and braiding my dauhter hair , every time i wash it , it was always hard when i finish blowing it , and she would be crying everytime i begin to braid it , so i decide to try something different , and brought the hot brush , and when i it use it on her hair , her hair dry quickly and is was soft , i braid her and she did n't even notice , all she was asking me mom u soon finish .
 I love it . This is my second brush . My last one , which I purchased in a beauty supply store , lasted 10 years . I ordered the same brush on amazon for almost half the price . Very happy with my purchase .
 I had been thinking about purchasing this item but after reading the mixed reviews , I was hesitant . Then I found it at my local SPCA thrift shop for $ 3.00 and figured I ca n't go wrong . I have fine hair , but a fair amount , cut in a short graduated bob -LRB- chin length -RRB- . I use this instead of my curling iron . I had intended for it to replace my blow dryer also , but I found the best solution for me is to blow dry my hair 80 % dry and then use the hot air brush to dry the rest of the way for volume and curl . I get much more volume than I did with the hair dryer and round brush as it seemed like that method actually pulled the volume out of my hair instead of adding volume . The curling iron adds too much curl and not enough volume . This product gives me the perfect amount of volume with some curl . I do n't know how long this product will last , based on reviews I read , but I am taking care to keep the vents free from hair and the intake area clear of dust . I have only had it a week and I love that I no longer need my curling iron and have taken 5-10 minutes off my morning routine with this . An added plus is that when I travel I will not have to wait to pack my curling iron when it cools off . But there is room for improvement -- the barrel comes off easily and needs a more secure connection . Also , the design is such that it is very easy to cover the intake vents with your hand . It could be made a wee bit longer with more of a tip at the end to hold with your other hand . And who knows how long it will last ... My plan is to try the John Frieda product if this one conks out in less than a year .
 This is my second of this product ... only use for volume and curl after hair is dried . They last me about 2 years or so by doing it this way .
 This is my second Hot Tools Hot Air Brush . I love it . Could not live without it ! Gets me the look I want and out the door faster .
 Wow ! I been trying to blow dry my hair for years , trying to find easier ways . To bow my hair takes me 3 hours because of the hair dryer keep turning off . When I purchase this item , I did n't know what to expect . When I turn it on , I ran it through . It only took 10 minutes to do my hair ! That is so fast , I was n't sure if I miss anything.I love this hair dryer and would buy more ! It is so easy to use . If you want something easy and fast , this hair dryer is it !
 It takes some practice but once I mastered it ... combining drying time with styling time speeds up my morning routine quite a bit . I left off a star for how loud it is ... that is a problem with hair dryers in general . The highest setting seems especially loud to me .
 This is the best hair product on the market - it is of professional quality & this one was a gift to a hair dresser who loves it -LRB- I already own 2 -RRB- ! Hot tools makes the best hair care products period as I have purchased their curling irons and other products over the years & would n't own any other brand . The cords are also extra long and of course swivel so never any cord tangle and they last for years .
 I have been using one of these for years . I use it on dry or almost dry hair like you would a curling iron . Except it gives you nice loose curls , can use on damp hair without ruining your hair . You do n't have to wait for it to heat up ... curl and go ... great for touchups later in the day too .
 I love this brush ! It gives me volume and a bit of curl and tames the flyaways . Why not 5 stars ? This is my second - I felt the first one burned out too quickly . Still , I like it enough that I ordered a second !!
 I purchased the Hot Tools HT1074 because I am terrible at using a round brush and blow dryer . I have curly hair that I sometimes like to dry straight , but not always pin straight as with a flat iron . This product is very easy to use , gives AMAZING body , shine and softness , and does n't make your arms feel like they are going to fall off when done like when using a round brush and blow dryer ! I really like the cool button , because I think it helps set the curl/wave/etc . I can dry and style my hair with this product alone in less than 15 minutes -LRB- my hair is n't particulary thick -RRB- . You can create different styles with the tool depending on how you use it . To get straight , smooth style with lots of body , simply pull it straight through the hair , curling the ends a bit under , and end with a cool shot . For more curl , simply twist the brush at the ends of the hair , and then set the curl with the cool shot . I do my hair in layers , holding the top layer up with a clip while I dry the under layer . Dry in small sections of about one or two inches thick . I let my hair air dry until about half dry , then use this styling tool . The barrel stays on , but is easy to remove in order to use the concentrator attachment . I have not found any cons , and would highly recommend this styling tool .
 I cannnnnnot live without this tool ! It is absolutely incredible . THE ONLY DRAWBACK is that I go thru them fast ; it burns out usually just after it 's a year old ! One of the problems is that there are intake vents near the end of the handle . If any hair gets near those , it gets sucked into the vent and burns out the unit ... probably has happened to at least 6 of these . HOWEVER , I keep buying them , since nothing else comes even close -LRB- the ones with plastic brushes are ridiculous -RRB- . I am probably keeping them in business , since I keep buying them !!
 I 'm a hairstylist and I use this on all my clients . It last longer than a round brush and is a lot less work !
 I have owned many air brushes over the years and this one is by far my favorite . My hairdresser turned me on to the Hot Tools Ionic Blow Dryer so I figured I would like this product as well . The cord is super long and rotates . The air pushed out is strong and gets my hair dried in half the time my old air brush did . I will be using Hot Tools products from now on .
 I really wanted to get another Wahl Styling Brush for travel , but apparently they are discontinued . Well , I like this one EVEN BETTER ! My fine , thin hair looks full and smooth . I love this thing , and I 'd recommend it to anyone !
 I have a jillabre hot air brush , but bought this one for a gift for my boyfriends mom and she loves it !! The barrel was a little bit bigger on this one and she has longer hair then me . I have very fine hair , and it gives a lot of body and volume !! Will always use , gives amazing results !! Highly reccomend this product !!
 I bought this product two years ago and I absolutely love it . I use it every day . It did stop working once , but we just had to clean the lint as it explains in the instructions and it started working . I only wish it had a travel case because I ca n't go anywhere without it .
 I have tried many products before finding SkinMilk Foaming Face Wash and none of them have work for my very sensative skin . I have been using this product for the past 5 or 6 years and ca n't imagine using anything else . Hopefully , I 'll never have to .
 I have sensitive skin and this is the first face wash that has ever worked for me . It cleans without drying or over-moisturizing my face , removes my make-up and I have no allergic reaction to it . I also have a hard time finding fragrances that I do n't react to . This one causes no reaction other then pleasure , it smells heavenly . My face is cleaner and clearer then it 's ever been . Will never use anything else !
 My favorite perfume ever !! Sweet and sexy but light and not overpowering.Nothing but compliments !
 This product has been a face and neck complexion saver for nearly 4 years . I use it daily to keep my face and neck free of various bumps and rashes . I highly recommend this fiber for DAILY facial cleansing.Ayate Cloth
 Kiehl 's baby cream is AMAZING ! I was complaining to a friend that my dr has n't been able to get my eczema under control in 6 years . She suggested Kiehl 's , and not expecting anything special , I gave it a try . This cream has my eczema almost completely healed in only a couple weeks . I 've read on several message boards that others have the same persistent problem with their skin - I 'll be telling everyone about this cream.It also makes a very nice massage lotion . It 's a little greasy , but not so much that you ca n't function after putting it on . It has a light smell that is n't especially pleasant , but you only notice while putting it on .
 Why is it that on the Kiehl 's web site this same exact item sells for $ 19 ? Ok , given it lists it as 6.7 oz , but and extra $ 20 for .1 oz ? Please!Oh , but other than that , this is a great cream for the infant ! Our 2 month old was having reactions to other so called hypoallergenic creams , but this was , so far , the best lotion we used .
 This other user is nuts , this product DOES NOT leave a strong smell on your hands . I use it for the exact opposite reason , it doesnt not have the strong perfume odors that a lot of other hand soaps have . And it wears off quickly . This is good stuff , too bad they dont seem to be making much of it anymore !
 I first discovered this at a local store , but could n't find it again shortly after . You get a HUGE bottle for the price , and it makes the best shave gel ! It has such a smooth texture and protects your skin from nicks , unlike the shave foams that do n't leave enough of a smooth coating to protect you . It 's a great soap for my sensitive skin and I get told I smell great all the time .
 i actualy was AGAINST using this stuff , just because it had the name milk in it . but when i came in from a particuraly gruesome treck in the woods , it was just what i needed . it smells FANTASTIC , feels just like a lotion , and was even soft enough for me to shave with . having sensetive skin , i ca n't even use stuff like the `` skintimate '' crap , but the SkinMilk was just great . for someone that is n't a the girly type , this stuff is just amazing.go buy it ! now !
 I 've been using this product for like the last 6 years or so and I love it . It 's the only gel that works for me and I have very thick curly hair . In the last year or so I 've had a lot of trouble finding it in stores , and now it 's impossible . I sent an email to the company asking about it and they wrote back `` The overall demand for this product was so slight that it has been discontinued and is no longer available as part of our product line . '' I 'm really annoyed about this , and I have tried the newer bright green nutra gel bottle but it does n't work at all for me .
 I have been using this gel for years now . I used to use DEP , but they changed their formula or something and I just could n't find the right level . I switched to LA Looks to try and have used it since . It is a little sticky when you are first applying it -LRB- though are n't most gels -RRB- . It works great to help me style very straight and obstinate hair . My hair remains soft and you ca n't feel the gel in it at all . My only complaint is it 's recently become hard to find this level . Hope I do n't have to switch again .
 I absolutely love this gel . It 's inexpensive , does n't make your hair crunchy , and keeps curls separated and non-frizzy for the whole day . It 's pretty tricky to find in the stores now , but definitely worth it ! My hair is super curly , and it 's by far the best gel I 've been able to find .
 Light , fresh smell , non-greasy , and it has vitamins A and E . This is my favorite hand cream ! I would definitely recommend this .
 I was introduced to Bio-Peptide during a professional facial at my spa . I loved it and bought it on-the-spot . It works beautifully , not only moisturizing , but it helps to minimize puffiness under the eyes . -LRB- I 'm 74 yrs old and that 's not easy to do on this old face ! -RRB- Because of the expense of this item as the spa , I went on Amazon to find it . Needless to say , I did , and at a better price !!
 I received my fragrance quickly and the price could n't be beat !! Believe me I shopped around . Knowing is the only fragrance that I get compliments on every time I wear it , both by men and women . It last forever because it has an oil base . I love this fragrance and have been using it for about 15 years . I hope they never stop making it .
 I do n't know what I 'd do without it ! everybody asks me which is my perfum and tell me how great it is on me
 The bottle was so small I thought it was a joke . The fragrance is my favorite , but my husband ordered the wrong size . I could n't find a way to return it .
 I love Knowing Perfume but got it for much less at this Company.It came in great time , well packed . Hope to do business with them again
 I bought this as a gift for my mum , 'cause it 's the fragrance she 's liked most for years now.A big advantage of buying fragrances from Amazon is that they 're a lot cheaper than corresponding ones from stores like Macy 's , but there 's always the risk of fakes when making online purchases . Suffice it to say that this was original , smelled like the real deal , looked authentic and was very appreciated . Good times , all around .
 This Estee Lauder perfume smells lovely . I purchased it after smelling it on my cousin who raved about this fragrance . Very lovely
 Bought as a gift requested by someone else . She loves it and has been using it for years . Nice big size .
 If you are looking for a classic perfume , then this is for you . It is classic like Chanel No. 5 .
 I have been buying Estee Lauder 's Knowing perfume for my mom for years as it 's her favorite scent , and have always paid Macy 's or Nordstrom 's price of $ 75 at first then the price went up to $ 85 . I was thrilled when I was able to purchase this for $ 59 ! The product IS Estee Lauder 's Knowing and not some knock off ! Great value !!!
 Very fresh fragrance and very sensual . I like it very much and get many questions as to what is that ? It is different !
 Started using this perfume from the time Estee Lauder introduced it and have never used any other perfume since . But what surprises me the most is the number of women -LRB- and men -RRB- that comment on how good it smells !! I have been a walking talking ad for Estee Lauder Knowing for manu years now ! Love the perfume ! Thanks , Estee Lauder for a beautiful , sensuous perfume . Please do n't ever discontinue it!And thanks Amazon.com for stocking it at prices better than the local department stores .
 In 1990 my husband bought me Knowing for my birthday . I have worn it every day since . I get many many compliments when I wear it , day and night . I keep thinking I should change to another scent , but I just can not make the change . What will I do if they discontinue Knowing ?
 I love this and so does my husband . Its easy to carry in your pocket for those quick touch ups
 I used Estee for years and still claim it as a favorite of mine , but Knowing has gotten me more compliments as to `` Hmmm what is that your wearing , it smells wonderful '' Now I am a knowing wearer because I also like its wondrous scent !
 this is a verry good value for this product compaired to the higher end stores where you usually have to get the estee lauder products I would like to see a bigger variety in complete gift baskets and more of this collections
 I first used KNOWING in college and the scent stayed in my memory . It is still a wonderful feminine scent that is not overwhelming but lingers with you . Great as a signature scent !
 This fragrance is for Girly-Girls and you 'll feel like a woman when you wear it . It is long lasting because you put it once and it lasts all day long . It 's not too strong that you ca n't wear it to work but elegant enough to wear on a date .
 Years ago I was driving through the hills of PA , in the snow , with tired child and 3 hours to go.Stopped at creepy only place open truck stop for gas . Pum ped the gas , fumbled with stroller and kidto go inside to pay for the petrol . Felt this enormous truckers eyes boring through me , too tired to give a rip.As he followed me outside , I started worrying . Stopped and made a production about getting my cel phone out.Made it to the car , got kid in car seat , thought about dumping the stroller . He appeared by my window , banged on the glass and said `` I was standing behind you in line . I have to know what perfume you are wearing , it made me feel great and my wife will love it . '' Felt like an ass as I wrote down `` Knowing . '' This fragrance has illicited similar responses for over 20 years . Please help me find powder refills !
 One of the best chypre floral fragrances made in history . It is simple , elegant , beautiful . Calm and sophisticated , it is the essence of a woman 's wisdom . It is Knowing ...
 I have always loved this perfume , and this has been a wonderful uplifting experience , to again have the confidence and poise , of a gone by day and time .
 I wore Estee Lauder 's `` White Linen '' for years until my daughter introduced me to `` Knowing '' while I was visiting her in California . It has become my `` signature fragrance '' and I expect it for my birthday and Christmas every year in some form . Whenever I am wearing it , someone ALWAYS comments on its fragrance and asks me what I am wearing . It is a light fragrance but also very distinctive . I doubt that I will ever stop wearing it .
 Knowing is the perfect name for this classy scent . It 's got crisp clean top notes , but mellows out to a very lingering sensual fragrance.A little Knowing goes a long way . It 's definitely not for daytime , but as an evening fragrance , it 's perfect . Though it 's pricey , a bottle will last you longer than many other scents . In fact , the lotion alone , lingers on the skin for hours.This is Estee Lauders best scent in the evening line of fragrances , and on the right woman , it 's simply unforgettable .
 This is one of the fragrances that I always keep in stock.I do n't wear this everyday , only for special occasions . It is a slightly heavier fragrance so wears well in the evenings and on cooler days or evenings.If you are wanting to attract the attention of men - this fragrance works like a charm.Seriously , I 've been at parties or social events and I will have men following me around the room to ask me what I am wearing , or they will comment `` you smell so good , I had to ask you what you are wearing where I can buy this for my wife/girl friend '' . This is a heavier fragrance and was created in the late 80 's when a number of other fragrances were a little more heavy . This would be an `` alpha female scent '' , it definitely `` announces itself '' when you are wearing it . You need to be confident enough to pull this one off . It is also kind of one of those fragrances that wears well with maturity . I do n't see this fragrance being worn by a woman who lacks confidence , it is a fragrance that definitely speaks volumes and has the air about it that whomever wears this , has a certain level of sophistication . It is almost like wearing a certain outfit or shoes -- if it is n't a good `` fit '' for the person wearing it , it will come off as if the woman is trying to wear her mothers -LRB- or others -RRB- clothing or shoes . -LRB- It is certainly NOT for a woman who wants to play the role of a wall flower -RRB- . It is sophisticated , sensual , sexy , classic , classy , and has a note and tone to it that commands respect . It is definitely an upper end fragrance , the notes in this particular fragrance are very RICH and may be an acquired taste for a lot of people . You will never have someone mistake this fragrance for a drug store or cheap brand . It is highly sophisticated . Upper Crust.I wear this for special occasions . It definitely draws response from men , so is a fragrance that I am careful to wear only when I want to draw that type of attention.It is also a great fragrance for professional women , but will be too over powering if you have an office cramped tightly with a lot of people who are sensitive to stronger perfumes . This fragrance requires `` breathing room '' - I would think twice about wearing this to a sporting event , movie , or theater performance -- simply because someone near you may feel that this is overwhelming to sit for long periods of time.This wears well and has long durability . It is a fragrance that I would apply at least 30 minutes -LRB- or more -RRB- before stepping out -- it goes on very strong . A little of this goes a LONG Way . Use sparingly ... -LRB- you do n't want to knock people out -RRB- . It is wayyyyy too heavy for the gym or sporting events , so I 'm careful not to wear this when I am planning to go to the gym later that day/evening . I love this fragrance . It is one of my very favorites . As a perfume creator , Estee Lauder had a great `` nose '' - this is truly one of her best and finest creations !
 Wife loves this stuff . It is the only thing she will use . I have to admit it is a wonderful fragrance .
 Knowing is one of Estee Lauder 's 80s gems that is seeing the light of day once more . I 'd read Tania Sanchez 's review of the perfume , and my curiosity was piqued . It really is a ravishing fragrance
 It is a classic scent that I get many compliments on ... not that it matters . I just love the smell ! I am tired of all the bland beach/ocean smelling fragrances . This has character without being overpowering when used sparingly . It lasts most of the day too .
 I was introduced to Knowing 20 or 30 years ago when abroad , and it continues to me one of my and a friend 's favorite scent . It 's great that it 's still available online , and I recommend it to anyone who wants a fragrance that is enduring , pleasing , not too floral or spicy , and very feminine .
 great product , I love it and it was in excellent shape when I recieved it in the mail.I would deffinaltely order from this company again
 wife happy ... me happy ... ordered this following her request , so it was hard to go wrong , but ... you never know with girls ... at the end it was a happy ending ...
 I got this on Amazon for my mother for cheaper than retail . She was extremly happy with the parfum and how it smelled .
 `` Knowing '' by Estee Lauder has been my signature perfume for many years . It is sensual without being overbearing and it makes me feel pleasant and alluring . Several years ago I was working in the expediting office of a large company . Next door was the receving dept where a young man in his late teens worked . He made it a habit to stop by to say hello every morning . When I told him how nice it was for him to come by every morning , He said , `` Oh , that 's o.k. I like stopping by to see you ; you smell just like my grandma . '' So much for being ` alluring . ' Would n't you KNOW it ... his grandma and I both use Knowing by Estee Lauder . Knowing is timeless .
 This product is easy on my rather dry scalp and it is good for saving the color of your hair . I do n't use it every time , I alternate , because while it is alright for hair texture , it is n't perfect for my hair , and my curly hair seems to do better alternating . It is still much better than many brands I have tried , though , so I give it a 4 star .
 This product works really well on my long , curly hair . Many conditioners designed for curls -LRB- Fresh Curls by Redken , for instance -RRB- are not thick enough to moisturize , detangle and defrizz my hair , but this conditioner makes my hair easy to comb in the shower and leaves it smooth and hydrated . I find it works best if I leave it in for several minutes to give my hair time to absorb it . It also works great as a leave in conditioner , as long as you only use a tiny amount . The only downside is that an 8.5 ounce bottle does not last long - only a few weeks in my experience - since my long hair requires a lot of conditioner . If you decide you like this product , the liter sized bottle is a better value .
 A friend of mine who is a beautician told me about Redken 's Smooth Down products and I started using them . I 'm very pleased . My hair will always be frizzy , thick and coarse . However , it is now manageable . I use the Smooth Down Shampoo and Conditioner together along withBiosilk Silk Therapy Serum , Packaging May Vary , 5.64 Ouncesand my hair has never looked so good . I also use the Redken leave-in conditioner and I feel like my hair is close to beautiful . That 's saying a lot for me !!
 I tried this on my daughter 's ultra curly hair . It came out so very soft and no tangles . Love it .
 I love the wipes . Very effective but ... You are getting only 3 wipes for nearly 3 dollars . A dollar per wipes is alittle expensive . If it was more cost effective I would buy more but I have to wait until the price is alittle more reasonable .
 I have been having a hard time having various facialists on cruise ships extract anything more than blackheads . When it came to extracting millia or hard white bumps , they said they were not licensed to do so as it broke the skin.I saw the lancet on Google and bought it at Amazon . It is perfect ! It has an extremely sharp blade and I took care of two millia already with no pain or after effects . I am always careful to clean the area and the lancet with alcohol first and use antiseptic cream afterwards . I use the other end for blackhead extractions .
 It 's quite sturdy which is important as I 'm an esthetician and I 'll be using it several times a day . The extractor end works very well and the metal is rounded nicely so it does n't damage the skin . The lancet end is well made and very sharp . I love that you can screw the implements into the handle so the lancet end does n't get damaged .
 My skin does n't break out that often and I 've never had much of a problem with blackheads , but once in a while I get a ton of white heads on my chin - they all come at the same time and they are quite deep and hard to get to . Needless to say I end up having a nice little hole in my face for a while . I figured there had to be a better way to remove these and I got online and did some research and found the extractor . As I said before , my whiteheads are always deep so yesterday I used the lanced to make a tiny hole , I had to wait a day and let it get a little infected -LRB- though I did use a cleaning agent and an antibacterial cream afterward -RRB- but a few minutes ago I opened up the hole and was able to use the extractor side just by pressing down , and out it came ! The end ! No more waiting over a few days for it to work itself up a little at a time ! Just be careful with this product and always clean your skin and the extractor/lancet before and after each use .
 The lancet end works great . That 's why I bought it . The other end with the hole does n't work so great because the hole is too small .
 This is a great tool if you use it carefully , the lancet and extractor do exactly what they are meant for , but if not used with care , the lancet can leave scars behind!I would recommend to use it along with the loop extracting tool for better results
 Worked as stated . I particularly like the sharp pointed end , because it makes getting white heads out much less stressful to the skin and tissue surrounding it . But be careful not to drop it , and to keep it turned back into the handle for storage . It is so delicate of a point that it can easily be bent . A very nice product .
 Quality designed product at a great price . Extractor hole should be larger , centering the hole over blemish is extremely difficult . Maybe the one I got was n't drilled right .
 I LOVE this thing . I have only been able to use it twice on my own skin , but I use it on my 14 year old sister who 's sking is going a bit haywire right now . Works like a charm and comes with easy to understand directions .
 This product is good for the extraction of whiteheads that are at the surface , but does not do a good job for blackheads . The lancet tool is very sharp , which makes whitehead extraction easier . Overall , a good product , especially when used in conjunction with the Kaz steam facial . However , if you want to extract blackheads , you 'll need to find a different method .
 I got this in three days the shipping was fast ... But once u get this item . . u have to un-screw it to use the stuff ... but i love this. , ... Would recommend
 The lancet is very sharp and easily pierces skin when needed . The hole in the extractor tool is so small it is impossible to see through the hole to place it on the area for extraction . It does work well if one is lucky enough to get it to the right place.The lancet and extractor are safely stored inside the tool barrel . I find it easier to use the lancet without screwing it into the barrel .
 I was excited about this tool because I have a lot of blackheads on my nose that drive me crazy that I ca n't get rid of . This tool works well for getting small blackheads out , but when I used the lancet I had to push really hard just to get it to puncture the milia on my face . I was a little dissapointed in the sharpness , but besides that it does pretty well . I like how you can screw and unscrew , but sometimes they rattle when you use them thats a little annoying .
 It serves its purpose . When you get it in the mail , it looks really shady . I was hesitate to use it at first because of its presentation . After using it , I love it . I have had milia around my eyes ever since I was born . They are perfect for removing them .
 Nice quality . Does the trick . Pro grade device . Have used it many times with no problems . Worth the money I spent .
 I have really enoyed my body Toolz Facial Lancet & Ring Extractor . I tend to get a good deal of black heads in my chin area and wanted something to help clean my skin out . I have really enjoy this facial extractor ! Although , sometimes it is a little hard to use , I just got it for use for myself , so its exactly what I was looking for as far as quality and price . I would recommend it to others in the same position . However , if you are purchasing this for use on other people , I would recommend getting something nicer and a little better quality .
 I got these for my Alex DeLarge Halloween costume and was very happy with them , I had looked around for other fake eyelashes like the ones from the movie and was n't able to find a whole lot . I got these and they were just what I wanted . Thick long lashes , worked out great .
 I have been using this product daily for over a year . My fine but relatively thick hair needs a volume lift . This product does n't weigh down my hair and lets it still be soft and manageable . I have tried so many gels and mousse products ... this one is the best . I have been a prime member for over a year and just now discovered the line of TIGI here on Amazon . Up until now , I have been picking this product up at my supermarket for several dollars more and paying sales tax ... not any more .
 Amazon has added the wrong picture for this product . The picture is of `` TIGI Superstar Queen for a Day '' and in addition , if you search for Queen for a Day this item , the lotion version , comes up . I let them know about this and I see they still have not changed the picture.In saying all that , the lotion is a nice product as well although I returned it this time .
 Fantastic treatment for dry , color treated or styling productdried hair !! Does n't weigh down your hair . . ca n't say enough about it
 It smells nice and is good for getting in mood . Also leaves her skin soft and smelling nice.Good 4 a night ofstaying in and getting intimate
 I have been dying my hair for years now , and the temporaries are the best for me , just giving that extra boost to my already red hair . This activator was very kind to my hair , did n't smell bad , and seemed to deposit the dye evenly through the hair . It mixed easily -LRB- you do need to get a bottle or bowl -RRB- and did n't burn my scalp . I even had a little tiny cut on my neck from having my hair cut -LRB- it 's very short in the back and the stylist uses a razor to trim it at the nape of my neck -RRB- but the developer did n't even phase the cut.Seems to be a good product when used with the color gems product line .
 This product is formulated for Color Gems Demi-Permanent Hair Color by L'Oreal , a product that has been discontinued , much to my dismay.Perhaps the reason for discontinuing the Color Gems line is that L'Oreal now has other demi-permanent products on the market that are ammonia free.While the Color Gems hair colors themselves do n't contain ammonia , this activating solution does . So the claim that L'Oreal Color Gems is ammonia free is n't exactly true . Yes , the color formula is , but the activating solution is not . Is says in plain English right on the bottle that it contains ammonia.All that aside , Color Gems products colors my hair the exact shade on the swatch , does not fade , and leaves it soft and shiny . I have six more packages of Color Gems Hair Color , and I 'll be sorry when they are gone . I 've tried one of the ammonia-free newer versions , and I hate what it did to my hair . Aside from burning my scalp , which has now been flaking like crazy for two weeks , the color did n't absorb as well , and it left my hair feeling like a load of hay on my head . I 'm now using an expensive Aveda damage remedy product just to be able to drag a brush through my haystack .
 I 'm always afraid of putting stuff on my hair since I 'm paranoid of making it fall off . I feel very comfortable with this product and have not lost any hair since I started using it ; maybe bc its alcohol-free .
 I have used Nivea moisturizer for a couple of years , having purchased my first when in England . Recently I purchased a small sample of this creme and loved it so much I searched and found the product available in ample supply thru Amazon.com . This creme is used by my husband for his extremely dry skin on his legs , hands and face , and it is the best hand and face moisturizer I have ever used . It keeps my hands soft without being greasy , and seals the moisture in my face so that my foundation stays on all day . It is an excellent night creme and is never greasy . Absolutely you will never find a better creme for the price !
 Nivea cream is the best cream that our family like and it is really cheap if you compare it to other product ; so it is still the best I like from many brands used for the hands and legs and body mainly for women but can be used by any one of the family . THANK YOU
 This item is great to save money from going out to have your own nails done . Now I can take care of my own while watching tv and leave money in my wallet ; I should have ordered more for gifts .
 I used this product as spray gel -LRB- does n't require rollers or heat , I just crunch and spray lightly -RRB- for years , before it mysteriously disappeared from the market . I tried other products in the interim , but none worked as well as this one . When I found it on Amazon again , I was thrilled -- it is the best ! Leaves hair fluffy , smooth , and full , with no obnoxious perfume or chemical odors .
 I have been using this for years and could n't find it in the stores anymore . I use it every day with my curling iron and it holds all day long ! Best stuff on the market !
 This is the second order I have placed for this product . This is wonderful for touchups . I put curlers in and spray with Willow Bark and then a little blow dry and remove the curlers . It leaves my hair with volume and not sticky . I highly recommend it , especially for shoulder length hair .
 Works especially well with Velcro rollers and hot rollers with absolutely no flaking or stiffness . Adds body and set the curl beautifully .
 The Dr. Ci : Labo Pore White Peel is an especially mild and pleasant experience with superior results . First , this looks just like a clear gel and then when you apply it to your skin , nothing happens . No burning , stinging or anything unpleasant.Next , you rub this gently and then you start to notice your skin looks refreshed , calm and moisturized . So , basically what this gel does is it rolls away dead skin cells and draws out impurities in the skin . I thought it was one of the best peels I 've tried because it was completely non-irritating and actually seemed to be very healing.If you enjoy this product , wait until you try the Hibiscus Aqua Collagen-Gel . All the products in this line seem to be healing , nurturing and skin calming . Perfect for maintaining a clear complexion and can also be used as an anti-aging skin care program . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am 35 and skin-care devotee . This is one of my favorite products . I have thick , acne-prone skin with large pores . I used to get professional micro-dermabrasion treatments monthly to help remove dead skin build-up ; these treatments cost $ 100 - $ 125 . This product has replaced those treatments . For me , this product is worth every penny . One or two small pumps -LRB- about a pea-sized amount -RRB- is enough to get coverage and good results . I 've been ordering and using the product for about a year . I think I 've used 3 bottles which means with my daily usage , each lasts about 4 months.I use it daily in the morning and each time I 'm still amazed at how the dead skin literally rolls off . The product goes on smooth but in a few seconds the texture changes - it feels like there are `` exfoliant beads '' - but the texture is actually the dead skin coming off . Although it seems like that should cause discomfort and irritation , it does n't . A quick rinse with warm water , and my skin is renewed and fresh . Regular removal of dead surface skin helps to combat acne breakouts for me , and also helps to diminish red marks -LRB- hyperpigmentation -RRB- left from old breakouts . It also reduces the look of wrinkles and acne scars , which look more prominent when old cells build up.The formulation performs consistently . In the past , I 've used glycolic products that did n't work as well over time ; either the product degraded or my skin built up a `` tolerance '' and I had to move on to a stronger formulation to get the same results . I have not experienced that problem with Pore White Peel.A few notes
 My husband bought this for me as a gift for Christmas . I had it on my wish list and emailed it to him . This product is absolutely great ! I 'm 60 years old with very dry skin . I 've used all kinds of peels , face cleaners , exfoilant 's , you name it . This is so gentle to my skin and it feels refreshing when you use it . When you rub the small amount on your finger and rub it into your skin , you can see the dry cells lifting off your face . Once you are done , rinse your face with lukewarm water and your skin is fresh and clean . This is the best !
 This is one of the best color products on the market for covering grays . Ignore the review from the person who gave it one star . If you do n't know enough about haircoloring to know that you need a developer , then frankly , you should n't be doing it yourself . Use 20 volume developer and process according to the instructions . Great coverage !
 I have been using Loreal Excellence along with an additive for resistant gray . My hair always faded during the month . I am using medium brown . I bought this just to try and it is the best tint ever . It was a little too dark first day , but after one washing it was perfect and has remained that way for six weeks . I had to touch up the roots after a month , but the remainder of the hair was perfect . This is a great product , gray or not especially if you have a fading problem .
 I 'm sorry the other reviewer did n't know that developer was required . I buy this shade because it is NOT in the boxed colors in the store . The box colors are very generic and basic . The .1 or .2 or .3 indicators suggest a little bit of different shading in the base color of 4 , 5 , 6 , etc.And the reason I buy Excellence Creme this way , instead of in the box , is because the box has 20-volume developer , which lightens at the same time it deposits the color . I do n't want lightening , I only want deposit , particularly on my grays , and I buy a 10-volume developer , which deposits without lifting . Otherwise , if I use the 20-volume developer , my roots are a different shade , much lighter , and I have a skunk stripe.This is a lovely color , I like , it is very natural ; when I was growing up I had level 5 ash hair with auburn tones , and they were really prominent when I was out in the sun.Buying color this way , in the tube , means that one has options and is not limited to the box colors and the developer inside . Sure , they have conditioners in them , for both before and after coloring , and sometimes I buy those but I still substitute the tube I purchased separately as well the lower-volume developer . Thanks for making this available on Amazon !
 If only this was still being produced . It is my all time favorite perfume . This is just what the seller advertised . This is not a knock off . The box and bottle are the original style . The scent is the real deal and it is divine ! I am so happy with this purchase . It arrived in 2 business days and it was shipped in carefull packaging to make sure nothing was broken or spilled .
 This is one of the best color products on the market for covering grays . Ignore the review from the person who gave it one star . If you do n't know enough about haircoloring to know that you need a developer , then frankly , you should n't be doing it yourself . Use 20 volume developer and process according to the instructions . Great coverage !
 I have been using Loreal Excellence along with an additive for resistant gray . My hair always faded during the month . I am using medium brown . I bought this just to try and it is the best tint ever . It was a little too dark first day , but after one washing it was perfect and has remained that way for six weeks . I had to touch up the roots after a month , but the remainder of the hair was perfect . This is a great product , gray or not especially if you have a fading problem .
 I 'm sorry the other reviewer did n't know that developer was required . I buy this shade because it is NOT in the boxed colors in the store . The box colors are very generic and basic . The .1 or .2 or .3 indicators suggest a little bit of different shading in the base color of 4 , 5 , 6 , etc.And the reason I buy Excellence Creme this way , instead of in the box , is because the box has 20-volume developer , which lightens at the same time it deposits the color . I do n't want lightening , I only want deposit , particularly on my grays , and I buy a 10-volume developer , which deposits without lifting . Otherwise , if I use the 20-volume developer , my roots are a different shade , much lighter , and I have a skunk stripe.This is a lovely color , I like , it is very natural ; when I was growing up I had level 5 ash hair with auburn tones , and they were really prominent when I was out in the sun.Buying color this way , in the tube , means that one has options and is not limited to the box colors and the developer inside . Sure , they have conditioners in them , for both before and after coloring , and sometimes I buy those but I still substitute the tube I purchased separately as well the lower-volume developer . Thanks for making this available on Amazon !
 Once you try this you may not be able to live without it . The creamy texture and high efficiency of this makeup remover makes your cleansing routine pleasant and time effective . The Rice Oil and Olive Oil dissolve away makeup and mascara and interesting ingredients like towel gourd and coix seed make this a more exotic experience . Use this before the cleansing grains at night or if you are tired , the makeup remover can be applied and rinsed off with warm water and a face cloth . ~ The Rebecca Review
 You can not even find this particular makeup any longer . It covers lightly and thoroughly and was a great color for me ! I am happy to have found this product which is no longer being manufactured , so I will have to look in the current line of makeups to find a replacement after I use these two bottles up . At least this particular label and maybe even the color has been totally discontinued . They were in great shape when they came , very well protected when shipped and I am very happy with these - thanks !
 These products are so so wonderful . The scent is intense and they were cheaper on Amazon than on vacation in Cape may , NJ
 The best vegan lip balm on the market , in my opinion . Tastes great and nowaxy feel . Product arrived on time as promised .
 HiI really like my new straightener . It is perfect . . easy to handle , heats up very quickly & straighteners my hair without pulling . My hair is so shiny .
 Oh boy I 'm so glad I got two of these packets when I placed an order because I 'm jumping out of my skin to submerge in this sweet , luscious and sink your teeth in scented bath ! Apparently Dresdner Essenz has been around since 1910 making all kinds of herbal bath products and now they are one of my fave bath brands ! I love that these packets are large enough for a bubbly tub of bubbles , yet they are travel friendly , and you can take them with you and feel right at home , or rather feel like your vacation is even more exotic!I could really smell the fresh blend of coconut and lemon essential oils as they hit the hot water ; the tub was so fragrant , my toes got prooney and I was sleepy but I did n't want to get out . This simply is a great way to spend a Monday night after a hard day of work , in a tub full of coconut goodness . The bath smelled so good that if I had a spoon I would be tempted to doing some taste testing , now call me crazy but it smelled that good ! I will definitely try all the flavors this brand carries , bath time might never be the same !!
 I have fine salt and pepper hair and this product works great for making my hair feel less dry and smooths out split ends . Been using it for a few years after reading about it in a magazine somewhere . The moisture shampoo works great too but it 's a little to heavy for my hair .
 This Item is fantastic . I have been using it for years since I first saw it on QVC . Fantastic hair relaxer when used with blow dryer . CAn be used on dry or damp hair .
 Can not tell much about this oil because its a first cuticle oil that i ever used . So basically i cant compare it to anything else . But i guess its fine . It does softening my cuticles after mani-padi .
 I have tried just about every eyelash curler out there and am glad to say I finally have found one that works so well . I have had this same curler for over a year now and it still gives an excellent curl to my very straight lashes . I find it helpful to use waterproof mascara - I think it just helps the curl hold better . I wrote a review on the product RapidLash , as well , that you may be interested in - it really works !
 For years I have read make-up artists , beauty editors , random people , RAVE about the Shiseido eyelash curler and what a difference it makes in your make-up routine . I always thought it could n't be that different from the regular ol' eyelash curlers . It looked like the exact same product . But then , I read yet another recommendation for the Shiseido curler that said the others just do n't have the same spring action , so they do n't curl as well.I decided to give it a try , and everything you have ever heard abou this curler is true . It curls your lashes like they 've never been curled before . It does n't pull on your lid and it really is easier to use . I recommend it 10 stars , if that were posssible !
 This is the only eyelash curler that has worked on my eyelashes with put making them fall out . It only did item come in timely manner but great customer service I recommend this eyelash curler you will be 100 % satisfied
 This is my favorite eyelash curler . Like it even better than Shu Uemura.I am Native American and have eye lashes that do not curl easily . This does the job well .
 I have spent lots of money on eyelash curlers and this is the only one that does not pinch my lids and is wide enough to curl all the lashes and not be crimped in the corners . This is the 2nd one that I have purchased and it will be the only brand that I buy .
 If you 're willing to try something new , then you should consider Emerald Forest . I found it in a healthfood store and fell it in love after my first use . I can only find this online now & maybe that is why this product does n't have a bunch of reviews . But for a woman with thick wavy and frizzy hair , this certainly makes styling easier . After shampooing , I apply the conditioner and then follow through with a comb , then rinse , and somehow it creates such smooth and shiny results . I think healthier . . Lovely scent , too :-RRB- It 's a nice nice product .
 my hair is very damaged and this product works to give me much better hair
 It works very well . Have wanted one for decades . It does exactly what it says it does . Good price . I bught it .
 bought this for a christmas present after much hinting . My girlfriend says it works as described and she is happy with the quality of this Panasonic appliance . Good price on Amazon and shipping was very fast .
 Good product but needs to be more power for suctionfor that I will give him 4 Stars onlythank you
 I am pretty much just agreeing with everyone else here , but felt the need to post because this product really is one of the more worthless ones that I have purchased in recent memory . You 're better off sticking with nose strips and the like.EDIT : I dug this out and charged it for an experiment . The results were extremely positive
 This product works great to clean your pores ! Water mist helps to deep clean . Safe with water lets you use it in the shower . I recommend this product to everyone .
 I found this product to be quite effective . I have been having chronic problems with my skin since I returned from Iraq . I have tried various cleansers and astringents to try to clear up my breakouts . When I bought this product I had a few pimples and white heads that I made previous attempts at popping but they either scarred my face or did not go away and were painful and swollen the next day . When I used the Panasonic Pore Cleanser I could see it working on the areas . The next day the pain was gone , the pimple was gone , and all that remained was a tiny scab . As for the negative reviews they must have tried to use it with the mist only . Just make sure you wash your face first and then while it 's still wet use the pore cleanser and immediately following use an astringent . This product work wonders for me ...
 You have to use it correctly
 This product really works ! It removes dead skin without abrasion . It is better than using those abrasive sponges or wash cloth . It is pretty powerful . After you run it over your face your skin will feel invigorated . And if you look at the attachment you will see a lot of white debris which are the dead peeling skin cells . Yes , it does look gross but it 's actually building up on your face . I highly recommend using this product instead of the harsh abrasive sponges , wash cloth or cleansers with granules . It makes cleansing fun , too !
 Here 's the upshot from what I 've noticed for me and some others . + It works best for people with moderate/serious sebum issues . + It works most effectively on the nose , but can be used elsewhere on the face -LRB- with less effect -RRB- . + The steaming/warming your face is kinda a double-edged sword . More steaming = more pore opening , but also softer skin susceptible to irritation when the cleanser starts sucking against it . Be sure to have enough warm water to loosely open your pores though , at the very least . + Personally I 've found a warm 30s to 1min face wash perfectly fine for me . + Be sure to make your skin moist ! Cleaning your skin will take a few minutes , and I 've found that I had to reapply warm water generally a few times.It ai n't perfect , but it sure serves me well .
 Ok guys , this is actually a good product if you do n't follow the instructions included . The proof that this product is working is the rather gross white discharge that accumulates on the nozzle during use . In any case this is how this product should be used . Take a long and steamy shower ... emphasis on long and steamy so as to open up those pores . At the end of the shower and while you are still in the shower use the product on your nose trying to maintain the suction as you drag it across the nose from one nostril to another . Repeating this motion and applying a modest amount of pressure will allow for even better results . If you do this correctly the aformentioned discharge will accumulate and your nose will begin to feel smooth . For best results do this once a week . The only side effect is the moderate amount of bruising that can occur from pressing too hard . Trust me this will dissapear in days and can be minimized by adjusting the amount of pressure that you use . I bought two of these about 6 years ago ... do n't ask me why . I must admit one has better suction then the other and I will likely buy another soon because I am always concerned that it might stop being produced because many people are not seeing the results that I am .
 It suggests not to use on pimples , but it works well sucks out everything from pimples . good product .
 This product is best to use after you 've had a skin peel or microdermabration . You have to wait until all the skin on your face has peeled and then you can use it . It 's incredible how much junk it sucked from my pores after a skin peel.If you do n't have the money or time to have a skin peel or microdermabration you can scrub you face in the shower and then use it while your face is still wet . It wo n't unclog as many pores but it 's still fairly good . Then I just use a metal pore extractor for any clogged pores it left behind since I do n't want to use the metal pore extractor for all of my face.There are three rules I always follow when using this product
 Tried lots of brands , and this one is definitely THE best!Cleans deeply , charges perfectly and it 's water-proof ! Recommended !
 i bought this product for my girlfriend . according to her , this product does its job , however , like others said , it can not replace strips , and it is good for regular cleaning . so , 80 % effective when using it after shower .
 Panasonic EH2511A Pore Cleanser with Micro-fine Mis work great it cleanse whiteheads and i used to have 2 blackheads in my ear i decided to go to dermatologist because it is really difficult to remove but this cleanser did the job AWOSOME
 I bought this -LRB- Despite reading the low reviews -RRB- and I have to admit , I feel as if I just had a facial without leaving my house or dishing out a lot of money.I first washed my face very well -LRB- I use Origin 's Checks and Balances -RRB- and I pat dried my face . I immediately turned on this device and rolled it over my face -LRB- nose/chin/cheek / forehead area -RRB- as it was sucking away the black heads . I was watching as each of the white/black heads were there one second and then gone the next . My face felt fresh and naked -LRB- in a good way . -RRB- I LOVE IT !!! IT WORKS !!
 I 'm pleased overall with this product . It does n't seem like it 's removing much sebum , although I do find some in the suction cup attachment . I have noticed my skin is much clearer , though , with no other changes in my skin care regimen , so it must be doing something .
 This is a nice powerful device . Do not be fooled by it 's size . My doctor has a machine that costs more than I make in year to do the same thing .
 This product works excellent . I love it and would recommend it . Follow specific instructions and there should be no problem at all with it .
 I am very pleased with this product . You do need to open your pores before using , as in any other case , when using such a product . Cam very quick , before specified time , which made me very happy .
 People who are saying this does n't work are probably using it the wrong way or being impatient . I have to take my time , take a steamy shower and use a pore de clogging mask once a week . But with all of this together , I have noticed how my pores have been growing smaller and I have been getting less acne !! Remember to keep your face WET while you are doing it and making sure the cup is providing suction.I use the big tip mostly , because the little one does n't really seem to do it for me . And the mister is useless ... but!Use this product correctly , be persistent and patient , and you will see results !
 I have good skin and a couple of problem areas . This works great . I personally have not used the mist more than a couple of times , it seems to still work , but since I usually use it in the shower I do n't generally use the mist.It helps with my T-zone .
 I have not seen a similar type product like this in the market and it works wonders on my skin . I am so happy that I found this item on Amazon and really love it !
 I tried this Panasonic Pore Cleanser a while ago , and I found it works ! Now I need it wherever I go . I just love it .
 While in the shower i use mine on the small opening when i first got it i didnt think it would work . The first time i used it i noticed pores on my face were larger than others , those where the spots i missed . If you let the steam from the shower open up your pores and you use it while your face is moist you will be amazed how much crap comes out . My face got softer , my pores got smaller , and my face started to clear up . I would buy this product again . And its small enough for me to take when i travel.Panasonic EH2511A Pore Cleanser with Micro-fine Mist
 As previous reviewers wrote , you will need to steam your face prior to using this tool to get it to work properly . Steaming your face for a long enough period will open the pores , and when applying a little pressure with this tool , the clogs will pop out . I use it along with a regular tool extractor as these are the only two products that work in cleaning out my rather large nose pores .
 I like it helps to clean my face for 30 dollars is good . I used to have before and I knew how to use that product . Thanks a lot
 I really like this product . I 'm a fan of anything that makes my face feel clean and this does just that . It feels like it removes a lot of impurities from your face , which is especially great if you wear makeup because you do n't want that stuff on your face for too long . I do n't usually use the mist , I just use it in the shower so it 's unnecessary .
 So I 've had this product for about a year and I really like it . I think it 's better at removing black heads around the nose area than pore strips or any other products that I 've come across . I use it after I 've been in the shower for a while when my pores have opened up.The reason I subtracted a star from my rating was because , after a while of use , the screen to the suction gets clogged . I use IPA to de-clog it by placing the suction cup in a cup of IPA and turning it on and then shaking the product to expell the IPA . To completely dry out the the suction part I have to place it on my radiator over night and usually it ends up working the next day . Granted I do n't clean the suction screen properly everyday so that 's probably why it gets clogged every so often .
 Cool - means how it is cool and gross when you see all your pore junk in the end of this neat contraption . Sucky - meaning that it sucks good . Great pressure and the mist is great too . Love It !
 i really like the panasonic pore cleanser ... i use it daily . it does help me to keep my hands off my face ... it also helps to remove the dead and dry skin . I would have given it a 5 but it does not stay charged as long as i would like it too ... and i wish it had an extra tip .
 This product is OK . You can feel the suction . It did n't really remove any blackheads but I think it might have `` loosend '' them to make them easier to remove . I was worried that because it was n't high priced that it might not have decent suction but it does . The mist option was nice . You can have it off or on . I had a pore cleaner before so I already knew not to leave it too long in one place . It was ok for me . I have really huge pores that get blackheads all the time , so between my facials and all the other products I use , this is just another tool that I think helps . If someone asked , I would say go ahead and try it .
 This actually works . I bought it for myself and my pimply faced teen . You MUST wash your face and either steam of sit a hot towel on your face first . This opens the pores and softens the oil so it can be removed . Caution overuse will stimulate the sebaceous -LRB- oil -RRB- glands and you will get more pimples . My son was using it daily and it happened to him . Now I limit him to three times per week . Olive or dark skinned people must also use caution because overuse can cause darkening of the skin .
 I am Italian with olive oily skin . Large pore and oil build-up are just second nature to me . I had never even heard of this product until I randomly found it on Amazon . I was interested but skeptical . Given the low price point I decided to throw caution into the wind and take a chance on it . When it arrived I took it right out of th box and gave it a try , I was amazed . You could litterally see it pulling the oil right out of your pores !!!!!! Now I am hooked !!!!!!
 I finally broke down and bought the Panasonic Pore Cleanser with Mist . For it to work , you have to steam your face for 10-15 minutes to really open up your pores and soften the oils . The first time I used it , I did n't do much because I did n't steam . But the second time with a good steam , it removed a lot of icky stuff.This works if you have oily skin and use it as instructed ! Wish I had bought one sooner !
 This product is easy to use and functions very well . I do not have many blackheads so I do n't see much after using it . However , I have used it on someone with oilier skin and we could see the build up that came out on the tool . It does n't take very long to use either , which is nice .
 I 've had huge pores for as long as I can remember . They always look huge and filled with gunk - YUCK ! After using this product for the first time , I saw that some of the `` gunk '' had been sucked out of my pores and was in the nozzle so I knew it was working . After a couple of uses , I noticed that my pores are actually getting smaller . I use it every day right after I shower and see that sebum is being removed every time .
 I have always struggled with blackheads over the last 10 years . I tried everything from face washes , clay masks , those awful extractors , and nose strips . I even used prescription tazorac from the dermatologist , but none of them worked . As a last resort , I convinced myself to invest in this Panasonic pore cleanser -LRB- had a lot of doubt because of the bad reviews -RRB- , and boy was I so pleased I nearly cried . Even after my first use , it cleaned out all of my pores ... so well , in fact , that I was shocked at how my nose looked ` cratered ' from all of the enlarged pores that once housed those nasty blackheads . My skin has never felt so clean , and the enlarged pores thankfully shrink back over time . I use it everyday after a warm shower , so the skin and sebum are soft and easily unplugged . I do use the water mister , as it does help maximize the suction . I slowly go over my nose and cheeks , just as instructed , and am always amazed at how much gunk it pulls out . Overall , best pore cleanser I 've ever used . It 's not cheap , but I save so much money from buying this once , compared to if I continued to buy nose strips , etc. . I rarely ever write reviews , but this product very well deserves it . Thank you , Panasonic!Update
 This is my skincare miracle ! I have never used a product that improved my skin this much , better results than with any cram or soap or buffer . I have oily , resistant -LRB- opposite of sensitive -RRB- skin so I 've found that I can use the wide suction devise for longer than the directions recommend . From the first time I used it my gunky pores and blackheads felt and looked dramatically clearer , my face felt smooth and soft to the touch , stuff that heavy duty mudmasks could n't get was wisked away by the pore vacuum . With regular use my blackheads are gone and skin is younger feeling and more radiant . I feel my lotions penetrate so much better now because my skin is wonderfully exfoliated by the vacuum . This is hands down the best beauty product I 've ever used .
 This tool is great and does the job . Not only that it removes black heads but after using it on your nose you will note that reamoving black heads become very easy that you can remove them with your hand.The only problem is that it is broken easily.For example water spray in my machine is already broken .
 I 've had a pore/blackhead problem for a long time and tried various methods - nose packs , gels , brushes , carbon mud mask etc. . . A lot of the mask and paste-on products just seem to leave more stuff in the pores than they take out . The nose packs also produces even bigger pores over time . Finally I found about this vacuum suction cleansing machine and decided to give it a try . I think it is fairly priced , and free super saver shipping is nice . It came within a week.I 'd echo several of the previous reviews regarding the correct way of using this product . It 's meant for people like me who has oily and productive pores on their nose , not the occasional one or two blackheads . I use it in the shower everyday , pressing the small suction head against the skin on my nose , leaving it on each spot for ~ 5 sec and move on to the next spot , until the entire nose has been `` vacuumed '' . I can see a lot of `` junk '' in the rim of the suction head and some `` blobs '' on the wall of the suction cup , probably being sucked out of the pores . I clean them with a Q-tip . Since the hot shower and vacuum opens up the pores , I apply an astringent toner right afterward . I do n't use the `` mist '' function since I do the suction in the shower.After using it daily like this for ~ 1 month , I started to see changes in my skin . The pores were visibly smaller , and the blackhead were fewer . My nose also started to hold make up and foundation better . Now I 've been using it for almost 1 year and I rarely see any blackheads . My nose feel much smoother to the touch and it 's less oily even in the hot weather . I 've stopped using any nose packs or masks . I 've decreased the frequency of vacuuming to every two or three days , but I will keep using it to maintain the small pores .
 I am absolutely in love with this product !!!! I have purchased it six months ago and both my husband and I are satisfied and cant get enought of it . I have stopped using any kind of foundation or concealer since I have started using this pore cleanser , eventhough I could n't leave my house without covering my blackheads in the past . I have my old , healthy skin back !!! A friend of mine , who I have n't seen me in several months was very surprised the way my skin looks now . She said it is glowing ! And I can see that myself !!! The best way thing to do use it is while you are taking a shower because mister is useless . And you wont see any dramatic results right away , it will take some time but it 's so worth it.I usually do that at night before I go to bed so I have enough time and get every single pore and when I wake up in the morning my skin feels noticably softer and cleaner.This may be the best purchase I have ever made . I have spent countless dollars on treatments that never worked and only overdried mt skin . This is what I have been looking for and I am so happy I found it.They are a lot of people on here saying that the pore cleanser does not do a thing . I think I might 've figured out why it does n't work for everyone . The reason could be is that your skin is dehydrated . I realized that when after a month of success my cleanser would n't be getting anything out of my pores no matter how much I steamed my face or how wet my skin was.I could n't understand what it was until I remembered something . A while ago I went to get my facial and an estetitian could not extract any of the blackheads which was very disappointing . She said my skin was extremely dehydrated and pores would n't open up.The same thing was happening the time I was trying to use Panasonic pore cleanser and it would n't do the job . My skin was dehydrated because previously I had run out of my favorite face cream and had to switch to something else I had at home.I could tell it was not moisturizing my skin as much as it needed it be , but I thought it 'd be ok . Well , my skin did not like that and even this wonderful pore cleanser could n't clean out my pores . So I went back to my old cream and the cleanser started performing wonders for me again -LRB- just a day after I started using my old cream -RRB- . So I am pretty sure that 's the key to having great results with the Panasonic pore cleanser - a well moisturized skin . Btw I think they should put it on a box on something . Hopefully my advise will be helpful to others because it is a truly amazing product and it does work ! There is no need for me to be getting facials anymore because now I have my own beauty estetician : -RRB- Just in case if someone is wondering about the cream I use - they are Olay Regenerist deep hydration -LRB- day -RRB- and Olay Regenerist night recovery -LRB- night -RRB- . This I found arethe most hydrating creams out there and trust me , I tried them all.Good luck !
 I read , re-read all the reviews but decided to try it . Basically , I read the directions and did not even attempt to use the mister . I have larger than average pores on my T Zone . If you have average sized pores I ca n't imagine this would work for you . My husband who has average pores said it did n't work on him but of course he just put it on dry skin without reading the directions . I used my method on him and it worked great . Here is what I do
 I owned a Panasonic Pore Cleanser for years . I used my first one all the time and because of that I never really had a problem with blackheads . Pimples from time to time , but hey , natures beauty marks , right ?! Anyways , My cleansers battery died out after years of use and I figured my skin was fairly good and I did n't need it anymore . Wrong!My nose and cheeks are problem areas . I wear sunglasses a lot and the plastic frames in Southern temps can make a girl sweat . Combine that with makeup and southern temps and your pores get clogged . After a couple years I started to see little black dots on my nose and sometimes on my chin . Sure everyone gets blemishes from time to time , but I was shocked at how no matter what refiners and scrubs I used they just did n't go away . I 've used Biore Pore strips and while they take away some of the impurities , I find what they are best at is pulling the micro hairs that grow on you . You look at the strip think `` WOW '' but really it 's not doing much at all . So I decided to hunt down another Pore Cleanser and found this System . After using it a couple times my nose is almost spotless . I can barely see anything left behind . My cheeks look clearer , and so does my chin . Some have said that the Mist setting is useless , but I like it.The trick to this cleanser is use a hot compress on your face for a few minutes , I use the water as warm as I can personally stand it , and I do it a few times before using the cleanser . Then I start passing it over my trouble areas . I go slow never leaving it on a spot very long . As my skin starts to dry I turn on the mist . What the mist does best , to me , is as your skin starts to dry , it adds enough moisture to keep gliding the wand over your face without making it skip or having to stop and do another compress . Of course The more you use it over time the more of a difference you will start to see but after just a few times , I vow to not go without another Pore Cleanser again as long as I can help it.I recently added TheOlay Pro-X Advanced Cleansing System , 0.68-Fluid OunceOlay to my regimen of weekly skin care and together my skin has never been softer or look more fresh and dewy . Must Have For Me .
 This product really works ! It removes dead skin with no pain . Great item and highly recommended .
 I 've purchased this pore cleanser because I was in dire need of something that worked well all the time . My pores have gotten pretty big over the years and the cleansers just seem to get rid of mostly just the surface oils when the problem was deeper . I have n't had this long enough for it to have done what I bought it for -LRB- making my pores shrink -RRB- But it definitely cleans out the pore a lot deeper than any other method I 've used before . I am rating this a 4 star only because I 've not used it long enough . If it works well enough I will give another comment with a 5 star rating .
 I wish I had one of these 20 years ago ! It sure would have helped my self esteem growing up . Once the blackheads are gone -LRB- accomplished by using an alternative method such as a blackhead removing tool ; this thing does n't actually suck out existing blackheads -RRB- , KEEP USING IT and you 'll see that it actually keeps the pores clean and PREVENTS further breakouts ! If mine breaks , I will DEFINATELY get another one !
 I have been using this cleanser for the past three weeks and it does a decent job.I have noticed tighter , smaller pores and a cleaner and brighter looking skin with consistent use -LRB- every three or four days -RRB- . You must follow the instructions that come with it though and make sure you exfoliate first with a good face scrub before using it.Good product .
 I 'm a guy that has never had a problem with my skin , except my nose . The pores on it are always large , black and clogged . I do n't really worry too much about it so when I came across this device for under 30 bucks I thought what the heck , I 'll try it . I 've used it a total of five or six times now , and the little thing really works well . As others have mentioned , I use it in the shower with the small tip , and spend a few minutes running it briskly back and forth using a little bit of pressure . This thing has completely changed the appearance and feel of my nose . The ` junk ' that it pulls out is amazing . Just when I think I ca n't possible have any more clogged pores I clean the tip and out comes more . I would suggest starting out slowly until you get used to it or it will feel like a sunburn , also do n't leave it sitting on your skin or you will end up with a cheek hickey -LRB- trust me on this one -RRB- . Not sure how well it works on other areas but for what I 've mentioned I highly recommend this little gadget .
 This works well if you follow the directions and have realistic expectations . I 'm a guy who has had cystic acne since I was in my teens and am in my 40 's now . This product uses suction , but is it not a vacuum cleaner . My acne is under control following two courses of Acutane and since beginning treatment for rosacea -LRB- which is ongoing -RRB- . Over time , the pores on my nose became pretty prominent . I use the product 3 times a week immediately after a hot shower . My face is only exposed to warm water and mild soap . As directed , I use the large tip for 1 minute and then the small tip for 2 minutes . I start by slowly `` sweeping '' L to R -LRB- or R to L -RRB- from outside of my nose inward toward the middle , first on one side , then the other . Then , I go down the middle . The instructions show how to do this . I often have time to begin again and redo all areas 1 or more times . My sports watch has a timer so I do n't over do . After I 'm done with my 3 minutes , I rinse and apply my topical rosacea treatment . As directed , I use this product only on my nose . Some have dogged the product for not working when used on other areas . Dogging it for off label use hardly seems fair . Some reviewers said it works on other areas , and it may , but there may be good reasons for the manufacturers ' recommending use on the nose only.The first two weeks of 3x per week use , I was amazed at the amount of `` gunk '' coming out . There were still remaining blackheads . After 2 to 3 weeks , there was little irritation following a treatment , less `` gunk '' being removed -LRB- because there was less to remove -RRB- and my pores began looking `` tighter '' and less prominent , with fewer and smaller blackheads -LRB- others have noted this too -RRB- . Things are not perfect and enlarged pores are not exactly curable , but treatment seems to have resulted in visual improvements enough that I 'm keeping this going for maintenance.Obviously nothing works for everybody , and this is not the only tool in my arsenal . However , it is not a vacuum cleaner or a quick fix . Some people additionally use the services of aestheticists , who can help with facials to remove stubborn blackheads safely .
 Panasonic Pore Cleanser -LSB- ... -RSB- I have been blown away by this pore cleanser . It is awesome . It is really difficult to clean pores especially when your face has a tendency to get a little oily . Pores get clogged and next thing you know you have red dots here and there . Okay , I should n't be complaining since I do n't have major issues . However , I started to have these issues this year . Not only that , my pores seemed to get bigger and bigger . Solution
 i have had this now for about seven months . i first began using it every other day , but now find that i only need to use it about once or twice a week . the suction is surprisingly strong . i think people who are writing that the suction is too weak are either using it when it is not fully charged or the device is plugged up . even when i was using it every other day , i found i only needed to charge it about once a month . when it needed charging , the pump sounded like it was working the same as when fully powered , but suction strength is reduced . after about six months i thought the device had died on me . the pump was working , but no suction was happening . after inspecting it closely , found out that it had become clogged with hard water deposits . i pulled off the suction attachment and used a wooden toothpick to scrape off the calcium deposits on the fine mesh screen and it worked good as new . i use this while in the shower after i have washed my face . i never need to use the misting feature since my face is already wet . i use the large side first then flip it over to the smaller size and it takes me a few minutes to do my nose , cheekbones and between the eyes . all the junk is then easily rinsed out of the suction attachment under running water .
 I guess I have the right kind of skin but this thing works wonders . As said , the mister is pretty much useless - we have alot of minerals in our water so after the first few times , the spray was getting clogged causing less focus and just going all over the place . The product comes with a tool to clean out the opening but I misplaced it , now it 's totally clogged . No biggie , as others have said , just splash some water on your face and you 're good to go . The moisture is to just help the seal of the suction.I 'm amazed at the amount of gunk coming out of my nose and the skin below my eyes . I 've been using the squeeze method all my life and I know that 's not good for your skin . I use it pretty much every day and have for about 4 months now . I used it earlier for the first time in 2 maybe three days , and the amount of gunk that I cleaned out of the nozel was about the size of a large green pea . YUCKI do n't have problems with blackheads , just the white gunk clogging pores which really is n't visible on me until I go squeezing.I have never had the bruising problem . Actually , preferring a model with a more powerful suction would be my only complaint .
 This is fantastic . I love it . It works great . You must take your time and do it correctly but it works really good . I live out in the country and we get pretty dirty out here and this is a great way to get those pores cleaned out . Your skin feels great afterword and you can see the difference it makes .
 this thing rocks . read the instructions ! I recommend cleansing , exfoliating , cleansing and then using it . I use mine in the shower and stand in the warm water while I am using it to keep my pores open . My skin has never been cleaner after 2 weeks of use . but you ca n't just turn it on and expect it to work without at least 5 minutes of steam on very clean skin . The first time I used it my husband commented on how good my skin looked - he thought I had had a facial .
 I was surprised to see so many negative reviews for this device.Granted , the misting option does not work very well and is useless . There is reduced suction when using the narrower side of the nozzle . For these reasons , I give the pore cleaner four stars , instead of five.When I use the pore cleaner I use it dry , right after I 've either washed or steamed my face . I always use the wider side of the nozzle , and run the device in slow , gentle strokes across my face.To leave it in one place for too long could cause some of the problems -LRB- hickeys , etc. -RRB- that I 've read about in previous reviews . In fact , the instructions that I received with the cleaner discourage leaving the nozzle in a specific area for a lengthy time.Another thing one has to remember is to rinse the device often . If you remove the nozzle , you will see a very small , fine screen not unlike what you see in faucet nozzles . Because the area is so small , any sebum or dead skin that is sucked in there can cause the suction to be reduced , clogging it.Anyway , enough of explaining how to use it.I have very delicate , sensitive skin with very small pores ... but I can get oily and develop small blackheads in my `` T-zone . '' So far , I have had this pore cleaner for a few years and it has worked wonderfully for me ... better than the pore strips that leave red welts on my face for hours -LRB- I think I 'm allergic to the adhesive -RRB- . It is well-built and I have had no problems with it functioning so far .
 I recently purchased this pore cleanser mainly for my 14 yr old to use since she has a problem with blackheads . I decided to try it out first so I could show her how to use it properly . I was disgusted yet fascinated by the amount of goo it sucked off my face . My daughter had a similar experience . Both our noses looked better the next morning . Her blackhead count was visibly lessened . The only suggestion I would have for panasonic is to figure out a way to make the mist warm water . It seems counterproductive to me to spray cold water on the face thus closing the very pores you are trying to clean . The mist is also a little messy but I understand why it is necessary . I would say that this is worth the money and you should give it a try .
 Two quick things
 I first saw this product at The Sharper Image and it caught my eye . I found one here at amazon.com for half as much as the price in the store . I bought it for myslef as a gift to myself for xmas . I got a little worried when I read the review here saying it could only be used on the nose but after reading the intsructions I found it could be used on the whole face . The first time I used it it felt slightly sore while using the pore cleanser . I used it after I got out of the shower and washed my face . It made my skin very soft but afterwords I used Murads toner , liquid exfoliator , and moisturizer and my skin has been great . I only use it once a week but boy does it make my face look and feel clean .
 I have an old Panasonic EH2501 that I have used for several years at least once per month . The water mister is useless , I do not need it , no one does . I do not use the big suction cup , only the little concentrated small cup side does the job well for me.First off , wash your face with a soapy cleanser like a neutrogena bar , this will soften up your skin and the plugs in the pores -LRB- cleansing creams or cold creams wo n't work to get the right softness -RRB- . You can even steam with a warm wash cloth after the soapy cleanser . Once your face is softened , then you can use this pore cleanser . Do n't let you face get dry at any time during the pore cleansing . Keep your face wet with warm water , not merely moist . The wetness on your skin will help you have a good sealed suction cup against your skin . The wetness also keeps those pore plugs water-logged and soft and easy to remove . Move the small side cup over skin , keeping the cup constantly moving.The first time , you may get what some call the ` scraping off ' of surface dead cells -LRB- since the surface skin is now wet and soft -RRB- , but keep at it and re-wet skin with warm water if needed and the next time you move the cup over that spot it will remove the contents of pores , now that the surface dead layers are out of the way.Do not just use this on dry skin misted over using the mist attachment or you will be disappointed . Do n't use the big cup side , and do n't forget to keep the suction cup moving unless you want to create the appearance of a hickey.I would not hesitate to buy this brand and product again -LRB- I visited the page tempted to get a newer improved model -RRB- . I am amazed that there are people that do n't use it right and blame the product , but then it is also the manufacturer 's fault for adding a useless mist attachment and representing that you can use this starting out with dry skin . If I only used the dry skin and mist approach , I would be angry about the experience too .
 This Product Absolutely 100 % works . Those who posted poor reviews must have great , tiny pores , or did n't use this product appropriately.I researched this like crazy and delayed my purchase for two months , based on skepticism . The first night I got this , there was some residue in the tip that looked like sebum from my pores . The next day I used it , -LRB- I only use it in the shower , I recommend that HIGHLY -RRB- and it removed and UNBELIEVABLE amount of pore clogging sebum.I 'm a dude with huge pores on my nose , cheeks , and forehead , so maybe it works best on people like me . I have been squeezing , and Biore stripping my face on occasion my whole life . NOTHING has ever cleaned out my pores like this product . I have used it almost daily for the last week and a half . I think it takes probably a month or more to get all the stuff out of your pores if they are big and clogged . Your pores adjust to the cleaning and push more sebum to the surface over time . So each day I use it I get more out , and I can tell the difference in quantity of clogged pores on my face . On a daily basis there are fewer `` dark '' looking pores and some look like empty holes after my shower because this device has absolutely emptied them of sebum.I also recommend pressing against your face while useing this product . It 's too fun to pull your skin up with the suction of it , but I think it functions better with the combination of pressure against your skin , and pore opening moisture from the shower .
 I have to admit that I did n't have much expectations for this product . I started using it while taking a hot shower and it works pretty good . The suction on your skin was a little painful at first but I am used to it now . This product works great if you open your pores by putting your face of steam for couple of mins or daily on the shower . In my case the steam from the shower is not enought to open all my pores but because I use it daily it keeps my pores relatively clean.The post before mine is correct , the suction cup is reversible and you can use the bigger side on most of your face and the small side on the hard areas like your nose .
 I used another pore cleanser brand for years until it broke , and I 've been using this one for a few weeks now . I 've read quite a few reviews and there are always some who insist pore vacuums do n't work . If they have one that has enough suction power -LRB- like this one -RRB- I 'm convinced they are not using it properly . First off , this is not for those who only have a couple small blackheads on crevice on their nose . This will not get those out under one try , but I find they eventually become loosened . This is best for those who have a widespread problem across the cheeks , forehead , and chin . Those folks will see improvements much faster.Extractions are the best , but they cause swelling and irritation if I do them myself and I 'm afraid of scarring . Salon visits for extractions would be wonderful , but a visit every 2-3 weeks is also out of the question . Pore strips rip away my skins moisture , cause irritation , and leave a lot of the product behind . That residue only causes more blackheads , leading you to buy more . That cost also adds up.If you use this right and give it a few weeks you will be a believer : Make sure you steam up your face really well . Forget the mister feature ; it really is n't needed . You do need your face to be wet , but you also need to use it either during the steaming or immediately after . So its best to just use this near the end of a hot shower . You need that steam to get the blackhead junk to slide out.When you use it on your face you should feel a slight tug . You need that suctioning effect . Slide the machine around the areas you need it with that tugging continuously going . If you lose the suction just hold it to your face until you get it again . I think a lot of people just move it around their face without the actual suctioning effect going and that 's just worthless.It also works must better if you reverse the tip piece . The box comes with the small tip ready for use . Just flip it around ... the larger tip is what works , the smaller tip is a waste of time.I generally see results after the first 2-3 treatments . After long term use -LRB- several weeks -RRB- I begin to find it difficult to find a blackhead in a close up mirror .
 I have been using this product for months now , and it works fabulously . After reading some of the `` reviews '' I 've come to the conclusion that peope are purchasing this product with the expectation that you 'll be merrily wooshing away all those nasty plugs in one fell swoop . Read the instructions . This does not replace regular cleansing . It is a supplementary tool to use with your cleansing routine . I use it in the shower , after I 've cleansed my face and allowed my pores to open . Once finished , I use the mist function to CLOSE my pores -LRB- after all , that 's what it 's MEANT TO DO -RRB- . Taken from the Panasonic FAQs for this product :6 . What does the Mist function do , and how do I use it ? -LRB- EH2501 only -RRB- The mist cools your skin and closes your pores after you finish treating your skin with the Pore Cleanser.To use the mist function : Fill the water tank with water . Turn the suction switch on . Hold the Pore Cleanser about 2 inches away from your face , and press the mist button to spray mist onto your skin . Spray your face with mist for about 10 seconds , and either let dry naturally or gently wipe dry with a soft towel.In closing , this is a great product , and I highly recommend it to anyone who will actually follow the instructions and use it properly .
 As with all purchases , I bought this device expecting it to be about half as good as its manufactorer claimed , and about twice as good as its detractors claimed . I was pleasantly surprised to find that it works very well , indeed , if used according to the clear instructions sent with it . I have seen progressive benefits from its use , done with patience , and am very much taken with it.The people who have lambasted the machine in reviews here have either gone into it expecting instant gratification , or have not taken time to read and heed the method prescribed . It works over time , as it is advertised to do . Have patience , and you will be as pleased as I 've been.The Panasonic Pore Cleanser works for me where nothing else has . Period .
 I bought this in combination with the Steam Facial By Kaz -LRB- costs $ 27.75 , see my review -RRB- . I do suspect the mist feature of this Pore Cleanser is not effective , but using it with the great Steam Facial by Kaz , I have had great results ! First I steam with the facial steamer for about 20 minutes , then I use the Pore Cleanser.The little vacuum does a terrific job sucking icky , waxy junk out of my pores . The evidence of what was removed is there to see after use , when cleaning up the device . I never had any results using Biore strips , nothing came out of my pores with those . I suspect that the key is to open pores and soften things up with the facial steamer . I would not expect as good results using either the Steamer or the Pore Cleaner alone . The Pore Cleaner is water resistant and may be used directly over steam without damage.In total , I spent about $ 70 . and I am very happy with the results . My skin is clearer , the texture is much softer and finer , blackheads are disappearing , pores are growing smaller , and breakouts are far less .
 * sigh * After reading all of the other obnoxious reviewers for this product I had to throw in my 2 cents.First off - if you want this to clear up acne you must first find out what is causing your acne . Not everybody has the same type of acne ! For me , I had acne caused by blocked pores and an excess of oil production -LRB- sebum -RRB- . And if you read the name of this product , it is called a `` pore cleanser . '' It cleans out your pores ... therefore , if you have bacterial acne or rosacea or some other acne NOT caused by blocked pores then chances are this wo n't clear up your acne.Now , my personal experience with this product has been phenomenal . I have suffered with cystic acne for over 10 years and have tried all sorts of OTC cleansers and lotions/creams , etc. . Pore-strips , peels , masks , etc. . Nothing worked because nothing actually cleaned deep down into my pores -LRB- did not try a metal blackhead scraper because I did n't actually have blackheads -RRB- . I ordered this product on a whim , especially since it 's cheaper than one month 's worth of cleansers and lotions.To my shock and surprise , it worked ! I 've had it for about a year now and have barely had any acne this whole time . The quality and appearance of my skin has dramatically improved , and my old acne scars have actually faded away . My skin is clearer and definitely more toned.A few tips - read the manual , people ! The mister helps the cleanser slide over your face and keep it from drying out during the process . Also , though it says not to in the manual , I use it on my whole face not just my T-zone - because I had clogged pores all over . It takes some getting used to but your skin WILL adapt ! The trick is to not give up after the first use!Also , definitely use it after a shower . I recommend using a scrub in the shower beforehand . You will also need to moisturize afterwards . I also use a toner before applying moisturizer to help make sure my face is cleansed . If you have a good skincare routine , you 're probably already doing that.At first , I used it about 3 times a week , about 20 minutes a treatment . After just a few months , I was down to once a week for about 10 minutes . Fastest , easiest and most effective treatment for my acne that I have ever used . Have recommended to many people.Lastly , it wo n't get clogged if you simply follow the manufacturer 's cleaning directions . Again , have had mine for a year and still works perfectly!If you 're serious about treating your skin then I have no doubt you will use this product with great results . * Update 1/4/13 * Just want to throw in a little update in case anyone gets to this review again.I originally purchased this cleaner in 2009 and it is now 2013 - I still have it and it still works!I 'm down to maybe using it twice a week , sometimes more often , sometimes less , depending on my needs . I can definitely tell a difference when I do n't use it for a long time though!I still exfoliate before using it -LRB- for those who say it just scrapes your dead skin , use an exfoliator first ! -RRB- , and clean it after each use.I did notice that after about 2 years it started getting finicky and the mister would clog sometimes , and the suction would drop . It would also smell a bit -LRB- like mildew -RRB- if it sat unused for a few weeks . I figured out a solution - the mister will actually recycle the water being pulled in by the suction cup , so I think it started getting clogged and maybe even molding . So I ran some rubbing alcohol and peroxide through the reservoir and through the suction area , along with scalding hot water . Voila ! Some black stuff -LRB- probably mold -RRB- came out of the rear filter ! It started working like new again!Before people freak out remember - this device uses water and therefore it is perfectly reasonable and natural that mold/mildew may develop . I keep running peroxide and alcohol through it and its still working great almost 4 years after original purchase . BEST $ 30.00 I HAVE EVER SPENT ON FACE CARE !! It is worth the occasional cleansing . I also use a mix of peroxide and water in the reservoir with the mister on for an extra-clean cleansing . Works great.Last thing I want to say to those who complain about the suction being weak - perhaps they got a lemon , but I HAVE actually given myself a hickey on my chin with the thing ... If they made it stronger , people would probably have to fill out a disclaimer/waiver in order to use it ! People are generally dumb and someone out there would probably really mess up their face if that suction were much stronger!Granted , this thing is n't perfect , but it has literally been the only thing to help with my acne and it has lasted nearly 4 years for me!All I can say is , everyone is different , but it 's not a bad price to give it a try . I 've spent more on a single bottle of Olay lotion!Good Luck All !
 I had my facial done at a beauty school and they used this little machine . It 's really good of getting rid of white & black heads , good skin toning , refines large pores , & has reversible slim suction cup . You can see the difference on first use .
 I ca n't comment for all the other reviewers but for me , this product is perfect when used in conjunction with a extractor . I have extremely large pores on my nose . I used to use the nose strips -LRB- which worked perfect -RRB- but would leave my nose very red . Sometimes , I would get deep pimples from using them since they were so effective at removing the blackheads . That was a problem though so I did n't want to go through the pain and possibility of deep infection . The Panasonic Pore Cleanser is a great alternative.The way I use it is to first take a nice , warm shower . After I get out , I wet my nose with warm water on one side and use the pore cleanser to suck away the sebum . Then I splash some warm water on the other side and do the same . I do n't use the micro-fine mist since I have no need to . Plus , if you use tap water the minerals will clog the machine . Use distilled water instead . I then take a `` extractor '' and extract the rest of my blackheads that the pore cleanser could n't get . Remember , the pore cleanser only really gets the surface and not the deep down sebum but it does do a good job loosing your pores so your extractions will be much easier.After all this happens , I make sure to use a toner to cleanse my nose and put some nice moisturizer on my face . Do this weekly and you 'll be very happy with the results . Use rubbing alcohol to clean your pore cleanser and extractor when done .
 Works pretty gd . Always use the face side instead of nose , it provide stronger force .
 I purchased this product for my daughter who is 24 and has had some problems with whiteheads and blackheads especially around the nose area as her skin is quite oily . It has worked extremely well for her and she has recommended it to many of her freinds that have similar issues . She is using it daily and has definately noticed improvement and she has thanked me many times for getting it for her ! Good product !
 This item was exactly what I thought it was going to be . It works , and hopefully it will last a long time .
 This device is easy to use and very effective . It can pull a fair amount of stuff out of your pores to reduce clogged pores . I have been using one for years now . This one was to replace one that I wore out .
 You definitely feel the suction . As long as you do n't use it too often , I 'm sure it wont irritate your skin . So far , I think that it works quite well . Do n't stay at one spot for too long . If your white/black heads do n't get removed on some places do n't force it - It will come out eventually . Good product , relatively easy to clean , and make sure you air dry the product when you can .
 I love it . However , I wish that the suction was a little stronger . The misting part is a little messy .
 It does work but it 's going to take regular use to work everything out . It 's definitely sucked notable stuff out of the pores on my face each use . It works best if your skin has just been washed in hot water to soften it and open the pores more . I 'll leave an update of how it 's working over time ...
 I just bought the Panasonic EH2511A Pore Cleanser with Micro-fine Mist 1 week ago and I am very satisfied with the result . I 've only used it twice on my face and I can feel the difference . My face is very smooth and soft.Some people say that the suction power of this product is not strong enough . I disagree ! Since it only has 1 power selection , I had to use the smaller suction tip to have a better contol of the suction . When I used the bigger tip , it left red marks on my face -LRB- like hickies -RRB- and the marks took 3-4 days to fade away . That 's how strong the suction power of this machine ! Now I know that the smaller tip works very well for me . Slight redness occured after I used the smaller tip but disappeared the next day . By the way , slight redness is an expected and normal reaction to the suction process.This machine also works best during shower . The warm water in the shower helps open up your pores and keeps your face moist during the suction process which gives a better seal between your face and the suction tip . And when you use this machine in the shower the mist option is not needed at all.I hope this review helps . This product is also available at Fry 's electronics !
 For the price , this is a great little tool to have at hand . I 've been using it for a few weeks and I have to say I really see the results as far as smoother complexion and a lot less small bumps and blackheads . It 's especially great to use in the summer after sweaty days when you feel your pores are clogged from sweat , sunscreen , etc. I have NOT used the fine mister , b/c frankly it just seemed like too much to deal with . The reservoir is tiny and looks like a pain to fill and keep the level up . Also , it came with a tiny little wand to clean out the spray nozzle and that seems annoying to keep on top with.I just use this with my face wet , or I use it in the shower . It works fine with your face wet , the mister just seems like an unnecessary add-on . Also , regarding the other reviewers comment about the mister being to close your pores - maybe she has another brand or model ? I read every word of my manual and it mentioned nothing about the mister being to close pores . My instructions stated pretty clearly that the mister was used to aid in the wetting of the face to maintain strong suction during use.I like the little charger stand that comes with it . It 's easy to plug in and slide the tool into to charge when not in use . The cord is also nice and long , or can be wrapped short.Take care to listen to the instructions not to use it on sensitive areas of the face or areas where there are currently blemishes . I accidentally made that mistake once and OWWWW!My only hope is that the battery lasts awhile b/c there is no way to replace the rechargable battery once it dies . The product becomes useless at that point .
 First of all , I would like to thank all other reviewers , they helped me to figure out whether to buy this product and what to expect . I am very glad I bought this pore cleanser , it works great ! But do n't expect immediate results -LRB- although you might see the effect right away -RRB- . I started using it everyday for the first 2 weeks , and it does n't take much time or energy at all ! And my skin became wonderful ! It is much cleaner , smoother and the pores look smaller . One thing I have to say though , I only liked the small side of the suction cup , the large one did n't do anything for me . Or may be I just did n't figure out how to use it yet ... But I highly recommend this product if you have oily or combination skin that breaks out a lot and large pores .
 I find this to be an effective cleansing tool . You will not notice imediate results so do n't be discouraged by some of the reviews here . For an effective treatment the face should be thoroughly cleansed , steamed and exfoliated . An at home microdermabrasion treatment is the best but if not , use your regular brand of facial scrub . Exfoliating will get rid of the excess cells sitting on the surface of your skin that prevent the pore from being effectively cleaned . Steaming obviously will help open and soften the pores which will also aid in cleansing.You may only actually remove the contents of a few pores each time you use it , but you will notice greater skin clarity and you will notice your pores staying clean if you use this regularly .
 I am 34 and have oily skin , which used to break out regularly . About 2 years ago my financial situation got better and I started experimenting with buying various products to resolve the issue of my unclear skin once and for all . I have also read a lot of research articles to understand what causes acne.From what I learned , I realized that my skin has two different problems that requires two different treatments . Since my skin is oily , it produces too much sebum , which causes blackheads and whiteheads . This is problem number one . Problem number two is a cause of the first problem . Too much sebum in pores causes acne bacteria grow which leads to breakouts.The problem with acne bacteria is easier to resolve than the problem of extra sebum . There are various products that kill acne causing bacteria , from cleansers to creams and lotions . They are all pretty much comparable , but my favorite is Zeno heat treat.The problem with extra sebum is not as easily resolved . The best solution I have found before Panasonic pore cleanser was Biore cleansing pads and blackhead strips . But they do n't even do half of the job that Panasonic does . It is important to learn how to use Panasonic cleanser properly . As one of the previous reviewers stated , it only works after the pores are opened enough with shower or steam , and only with wet skin . It is also important to keep moving the device over the problematic skin and do it several times , as the first time only scrapes dead skin.In conclusion , I have found a regiment that maintains my skin clean . 1 . I use panasonic pore cleanser twice or three times a week , and I use Zeno heat treat after each cleansing session , to kill any possible bacteria.I hope this helps !
 I purchased this for my 12 year old daughter who is battling with the issues of clear skin while transforming into adulthood . First we triedClean & Clear Blackhead Eraser Kitand that only seemed to irritate her skin and make her nose look red and raw from using the buffer pad . She has been overall pleased with the results after using thePanasonic EH2511A Pore Cleanser with Micro-fine Mist . Like other reviews have mentioned before , you get better results if you use it in the shower after washing your face with warm water to open your pores . The misting option really does not have much of a benefit except the col mist does feel good on a hot summer day . Make sure you keep constant motion because it will cause a red/purple mark on your face if you leave the suction nozzle still in one place for longer than 5 or more seconds . The instructions state do not hold the application on each spot for more than 10 seconds , but I thought that number was a little high . Everyone 's skin tones and blemishes are different , so I guess it depends on the user.Has a one year limited warranty . Easy to clean and maintain . First initial charge is 12 hours but after that it hold the charge for quite a while . Completely waterproof and best if used in the shower .
 After reading the other reviews of this product , I ordered it reluctantly , wondering if I had just wasted my money . The first time I used it , I followed instructions from another reviewer-making sure the skin was wet , not using the mister , using the small nose cup , etc. . I did n't really feel anything , and got out of the shower thinking that I had indeed wasted my money . I was quite surprised when I looked in the mirror and saw that it had worked ! I now use it every other day and definately recommend it .
 i went with the reviews on this one , first off the mist thing is useless , i suffer from black heads and bought a 70 dollar steamer here on amazon . NOW you wan na talk about LOVE ... . the steamer helps break up the gunk and the panasonic cleaner just sucks it all up ... kinda gross but my skin has not looked better , i suggest using this with a steamer or using a hot towel , to get the best results
 I have lots of black head and do n't have any good plans to clean , then I think this should be a good choice to clean .
 This is a great product and easy to use . I 've only had it for a few weeks but I 've already noticed a difference in my skin -LRB- even after the first use -RRB- . I ca n't believe I went all these years without one of these ! Well worth the price . The other customer reviews helped in deciding to purchase this & with how to use it .
 i have had it for a few weeks now and use it after i clean my face to get the little stuff . it works great . i have no brake outs since adding this . the only reason i gave it 4 out of 5 is it loud . if it did not make any noise then a 5 for sure . love that i can charge it too
 The product arrived very quickly via the mail , and was well packaged and undamaged.The product sort of does what it is meant to , although the tough little black heads you still have to give a bit of a squeeze after you have used the hand held machine .
 This is a replacement for the same item , which I purchased ten years ago from Sharper image . I loved it , used it every day , told everyone how great it was . I always thought it 'll be a sad day when it stops working , Finally , it went the way of all electronic things . I tried for a year to buy a replacement , but no one carried them . Did n't thinkink of checking on Amazon until recently . So happy to have a way to clean my pores again !
 I was hesitant when I ordered this item , because I had tried everything for my extremely deep pores . Tried soaps , and the metal comedone extractor , which just made my nose a giant scab . When the package arrived I used it without the mist , as everyone has recommended . It worked slightly , but when I turned on the mist , I was shocked at how much sebum came out of my pores and into the little deposit areas in the pore cleanser . Did it get the big huge blackheads ? No , but it definitely unclogged all of the smaller ones that I cant easily get to on my nose . I expected so much less from this device than I got out of it . You would be amazed at how many clogged pores are on the rest of your face that you cant see . I 'm going to order two more to give as gifts .
 This pore cleaner is wonderful . I use it in the shower about three times a week . My pores are large and I look forward to using it when gardening becomes a daily event . I am hoping that it will help me keep my pores clean .
 Love it ! I love the feeling of the mist on my face and the vacuuming action . Do n't be fooled , this is not going to suck a clogged pore clean , or a blackhead out , but it does suck up the oils and such and leaves you with a nice clean feeling . The proof is on the adapter that you 'll want to clean after each use . -LRB- easy to clean with a q-tip , I 've found -RRB-
 Be careful . It is n't strong enough to pull out building clogs or pimples . It does n't help with ingrown hairs in the sideburns / beard area . It wo n't pull out any build-up around your nose.But it WILL give you a hickey in ALL of those places . So when you feel it 's under-powered and spend more time in an area , you may realize too late that you have a hickey on your face .
 Love the product , I have used it for years , bought quite a bit and went to purchase more , and cant ' t find it any longer , what a shame .
 I LOVE this stuff and have used it for a few years . Just a tiny dab controls my hair and leaves it shiny . Now L'oreal has discontinued it . So glad to find it on amazon . If you can find it , buy it up !! Great product .
 This stuff is the best for keeping moisture in ! I use this product everyday and notice a big different when I do n't . I recommend this product to anyone looking for a product that really works !
 I like the johnson & johnson baby oil original it smell so good we all in the house use it .
 Small amount of baby oil in the bath water and skin is soft and smooth . I use this product year round . Bottle is easy open great valu
 I have used this product for years and was upset they discontinued it , so now i have to try buying from other places like great AMAZON ! thanks so much !
 This is the single most expensive brush I 've ever in my life purchased ... Its worth every penny . I 'm a black male and I 've never come across a more perfect brush . If you want 360 waves , long or short hair , this brush will make it happen . It came packaged in an elaborate case that opens and shuts with a magnet and cushons it . Its extremely lightweight and durable , the bristles do n't pull out and the wood is of high quality . Its semi-hard , but strong enough for when I go a while without cutting it . If you want the last brush you 'll ever need , I 'll tell you to buy this brush .
 This is a great product to restore dry brittle hair . Unlike a silicone that coats hair this oil restores moisture . give it a try , you have nothing to lose except dry frizzy hair !
 After tring Philosophy 's Shear Splendor shampoo and conditioner , I decided to try the marinade . First time I left it on for 30 minutes . I was pleased with the results . Next week I left it on overnight and after washing it out in the morning and styling it , I could n't stop touching it . It felt as good as it does after my stylist gives me a good trim . I like my hair again . Thanks .
 my hair had been over-chemically processed - -LRB- professional colr and japanese relaxers -RRB- for years . It was dried out and i simply wanted to grow my own hair back . This product lasts a good long time . I use it in 3 ways . By the directions on the bottle . or , when i 'm blow-drying -LRB- or t-3 flat - ironing -RRB- I add a touch to my ends . This adds shine and decreases breakage during styling.My hair is curly - so , I can also leave a quarter sized amount in when air drying my curls for added shine and decreased frizz . My natural hair has grown back nicely after one year of using this product .
 I originally received this product several years ago in a monthly cosmetics club.It was one of the very best products they had ever sent . I always thought I would have to rejoin `` the club '' in order to replace it , after I had finished it up . THEN , I found it online at Amazon . Oh , happy day ladies . This Sistina Bronzing Veil in Florenza is excellent . I have always been a makeup nut . Tried ` em all . The too expensive and the cheap . This is creamy soft , without being greasy or slick . Its the perfect color ! Does n't cause breakouts . You can even use it on your eyelids for a sheer wash of color . I love it!AND its inexpensive . Im going to kick myself in the butt for raving about it and the next time I want to order it , they 'll be OUT OF STOCK !!!!! oh well , cool ladies always share good information.S.SchaubFlorida -LRB- where a creme blush is truly tested . -RRB-
 This is the best stuff ever . Ca n't face my day without it . They better not ever take this off the market .
 I 'm no beauty expert , but there 's no product I like better than this for giving my short , naturally extremely curly hair that studied-but-wild , `` Robin Goodfellow '' look . So as I am an honest Puck , give this one a try . See how clever I am ?
 I bought this at kmart for just under $ 3.50 a bottle . you do the math . It works well to use it after you comb and towel dry your hair . I do not color my hair , I hate to blow dry and flat iron it . I was looking for an easy way out -- this seems to be just that
 If you have problems to comb your hair after shower , this is the best product . Apply in wet hair after shower , a little from the middle of the hair to down and give a little massage . Then comb it . You can use after that a diffuser or leave dry alon and you will see how great it works . I use every time that I wash my hair .
 I 've been using this product -LRB- Andrea Eye Qs Eye Makeup Correctors -RRB- for around a year now and I love it ! There 's no greasy , oily film and it makes the tiniest corrections to a mascara or eyeliner goof a breeze , unlike a big remover pad . The only problem is that it 's hard to find so I 'm going to buy a dozen of them online right now to be sure I do n't run out !
 I am the world 's messiest eye makeup applier . I make a total mess of my eyelids with mascara and these little pre-moistened jewels erase all of the mess quickly and I 'm on my way . I absolutely love them , they do not leave any fibers behind like a cotton swab does . I truly can not live without them , so I hope they do n't ever stop making them .
 These are wonderful if you make a mistake putting on eye liner . The swabs are coated with eye make-up remover and its a breeze to correct any smudges .
 I have used `` Andrea Eye O 's Make-Up Corrector Swabs '' for years . It 's an excellent make-up aid and so easy to use . I would highly recommend this product .
 Love this product . Fast and easy to use . Open jar and apply immediately . No fuss , No mess . Toss Out . LOVE
 Bought two of these after reading product reviews . It does exactly what it says it does . I use it after applying my make-up - you 'll be surprised how much eye make-up settles in the wrong places . My only wish is that they did n't dry out so easily . One container I did n't close tight enough but the second seemed to get dry by the last half dozen or so . Just make sure you close it tight .
 I have tried other products like this , but for me , these really are the best . If you want to try a worthwhile product , try these Eye Q swabs !
 I used to get this product in a pharmacy and now its only available over the net . This is very convenient way to fix an eye makeup , mascara runs . Q-tips soaked in gentle , non-irritating solution.Love this product.Also recommend moisturizing makeup remover pads .
 Great for removing mascara under your eyes after make up . Easy to travel with . Great for make up mistakes . Will not irritate eyes . Not oily .
 For over a year I have reordered this product . They are great for cleaning up the eyelid and under eye after application of mascara and eyeliner . I am always sure to have one extra on hand at all times . This is a product I will not be without .
 I really like these moist pointed q-tips , they are great for fixing makeup errors and finishing touches . I have found many uses for them .
 I HEARD TODAY THESE ARE DISCONTINUED ! OMG ! NO WAY ... HOPEFULLY PLANET BEAUTY WORKER IS MISTAKEN ! I LOVE THESE I KEEP ONE CONTAINER IN MY CAR , ONE IN MY WORKOUT BAG , ONE AT WORK AND ONE AT HOME ... NEVER LEAVE ANYWHERE WITHOUT THEM ... I HAVE OILY SKIN AND EVEN WITH WATERPROOF MASCARA MY EYES GET BLACK SMUDGES UNDER THESE SAVE MY LIFE !
 A must have for at home and for make-up artists !! This product is fast and very convienient to use and does not leave any residue !!
 Excellent product , deleivery quick price right , sometimes its difficult to find in the stores Amazon always has what I need .
 These are a must have . Take off smudges and racoon eyes . So easy , and so great .
 I am an avid makeup wearer . I started wearing philosophy mascara about one year ago . I have never wanted to switch back . The $ 22 is more than worth what you get . Just recently I had to buy the '' # 1 Mascara '' from a deparment store for about $ 5 . I thought I was going to cry it looked so awful . The philosophy product enhances your eyes without making it obvious that you have makeup on . I do not believe I have ever used a better mascara or that I will . It 's not that there is a dramatic effect as is making your eyes huge or your lashes look longer per se ' but the way it enhances your eyes will for sure have people complimented your eyes . Because they will see your eyes not the makeup . As a matter of someone just complimented me today . I have in turn recommended philosophy to a few friends and they also swear by it . This is a great product from a great company .
 *** This is a comment for L'Oreal Hicolor Hilights RED color only , not any other red variety colors in the line nor any of the sellers who may sell on this site . *** I 'm writing this from a family member 's account , but I receive so many compliments and `` please tell me what color you use as I 've been looking for it everywhere '' requests that I thought I 'd leave a comment anyway . I have so many people ask I took a photo of the box so that I can easily send it to people when they approach me off the street and in stores.What is this product for ? For those who truly want primary color RED hair this is it . I have naturally dark hair but I 've been a literal `` red '' head for over 8 years by using this product . It requires no additional bleaching because it is designed especially for dark hair . Designed to be used as a highlight color for people who may typically do funky black and red hair , it can and does work easily as an all over hair color . It is a one step product ; add 30 developer and apply . This is inexpensive , less messy , does n't stain the skin as much or smell as bad as some `` out of a box kits '' . It 's thick so it does n't drip . This color mixes easy into a paste consistency , you can make as much as you need , and go from there.What do I need to have at home to use it ? You will need to provide your own supplies as this is not a `` kit '' . This is the color tube only . You will need developer , preferred applicator for a thick paste type product , measuring beaker for developer , gloves , plastic bowl , clothing protection , cap if you use one , and any pre or post color treatments you prefer.Does it cover gray ? As for grays , this covers my extremely stubborn wiry gray hair well and makes them shine like highlights and even gives more control . I add a little Grey Magic , though , because I like the effect it gives . I have never had a single gray hair break through this color.How many tubes should I get ? In my experience , 1/2 -1 tube for really short thinned out pixie haircuts . 2 tubes for thick chin length bobs . 3 tubes for shoulder length thick hair . 4 tubes for longer . I always make one tube less than what I expect I will need as not to waste any , and mixing is quick . I pre-measure developer so all I have to do is stir them together in my bowl quickly and keep going . When I had hair down to my mid-lower back , I got away w / using 3 tubes because as long as my roots were done , if I missed some areas , the effect was a more multi-colored look which looked remarkable on long spiral curls.Does it fade ? All reds fade because the chunky red molecules just do n't penetrate into the hair as well as other colors , but this is a permanent color so it fades slower and as it fades it goes through many pretty shades that I always get compliments on as well . Stay away from stripping shampoos such as tea-tree and clarifying shampoos as much as you can . Also , people who color regularly with reds know that you can fight the fade by washing your hair less . By washing my hair only twice a week , I had 4 '' roots and still very very red hair.What about the other red varieties offered in this line ? If you want the true RED color , I * do n't * suggest purchasing Red Hot , Copper , Magenta or any of the other reds in this line as I have tried them all when my color was out of stock and they do n't last as long , shine as much or have the shocking vibrancy . I also noticed as they fade , they do n't go through as many pretty shades . If you want true red , stick to the 1 word color
 This is a beautiful red , it really works ! My hair was very dark brown and now it is bright red . I would recommend dying the bottom first and then the roots for the first time though because my roots are much brighter than the rest of my hair .
 i received my order yesterday and actually was looking for majcontrast rouge red , but let me tell you this is just as good for dark brown hair , its tells you that not to use 30 vol.if hair is relaxed , and by me knowing and me doing my hair all the time for years i know about mixed textured hair -LRB- black and white -RRB- so if you just relaxed your hair and it 's fine and you have a history of bleaching it and coloring it , you can still use 30 vol but i recommend from brand ION for sensitive scalp and very important if you are like me always trying new colors and experimenting than always remember , rule number one always and always use conditioner after every chemical use on your hair it stops the process and it will give your hair structure back and also Redken has an leave in conditioner that contains protein apply once you done with hair dye or bleaching or relaxing , perming your hair , trust me i wish i had my own shop there are simple steps to have good and healthy hair inexpensive , i hope this was helpful
 I used this after messing up with a different hair dye that made me ginger ... I was ready to just bleach to white and use a semi permanent , then ... . then i found this magic little thing . : DIf you want a totally different color when you have black hair , you WILL be disappointed . When they say ` for dark hair ' it bascially means , for unbleached hair , but if you have black hair , you 're gon na have red tints . Also , if you want a pink toned red instead of an orange toned red , this is for you . If you want an unnatural color , this is for you.NOTE
 this really is the best red hair colour i have used ! box hair dye 's dont really match up to the staying power of this , no bleaching needed , just a developer of your choice i used a 30 and it worked really well , as other people have said it does go through some pretty stages of colour so u wont feel like u have to redo it straight away , i rencently used the redhot for dark hair which im not likeing as it gave my hair a dark base and a hint of red not vibrant like the red so if you want a in your face red chose the red , plus got loads of compliments from people saying they love it . . if you want to be noticed chose this colour you wont regret it ! ; - -RRB-
 This product has got to be THE best hair product I have ever yet to use in my hair . Received it in the post today along with the loreal oreor 40 volume creme developer , I have long hair , about 18 inches long , and I dyed the underlayer of my hair with the loreal hicolor hilights red ... It was n't bright enough for me the first time , so luckily enough there was enough red dye for me to be able to dye it twice , after the second time , I reached my goal , rihanna red hair . There are no words I can say about this product other than AWESOME ! I definitely recommend this product to anyone going for rihanna red hair and I 'm definitely going to purchase more of this later in the near future ! Thank you ! Doing business with the seller was awesome as well , answered all of my questions when asked and helped me when I needed it . I rate the seller with a 5 as well . Thank you again !
 I love this hair color . I have very dark , kinky-curly hair , but I 've colored my own hair at least 30 times , so I have more experience and knowledge than the average consumer when it comes to choosing the right products for my hair and taking care of it . Normally before coloring my hair red , it 's already some shade of blonde , which definitely adds an extra oomf to the color -LRB- since this product is meant for dark hair -RRB- - but , normally my roots are in a good few inches , and the color takes to it perfectly . I use it with 30vol developer , and I get such a bright , bright color . Like all reds , it washes out faster than any other hair color , and that 's no blame for the company ; it 's just how red pigment is . I always recommend this brand to people , and now my sister uses the magenta for her hair -LRB- she 's a blonde , so we use 10vol developer for her , and it 's so pretty -RRB- . This color has NEVER disappointed me - it 's always bright , shiny , my hair does n't get dried out , and the color sticks around longer than boxes from drug stores . My only complaint is that I have to buy two tubes to do my hair -LRB- thick , just over shoulder length -RRB- then again , this product is only meant to use as high lights - I use it for my whole head . I really wish they made a bigger tube of it !
 This is by far the best dye I 've ever purchased . I 've always gone through different stages when it comes to my hair , but I have always had a soft spot for red . The down side to that is the fading that comes with it . Earlier this year I dyed my hair blue black and eventually got sick of and wanted to go back to red . I bought multiple boxes of hair dye ranging in different price ranges and brands and all that left me with was slightly tinted roots . So I spent about four to five months trying every generic brand with no success , so I went to a beauty supply store and found this one . My hair is a little past my shoulders so I bought two tubes . I went home and followed the instructions and had great results . My hair was a very bright red in spite of the black base . It was a little dark but I did n't care because it was better that anything I expected . Even after six weeks with it in , it was still red with multi toned highlights . When I decided to touch it up , the color was much brighter and more bold than the previous time . I do recommend that a highly intense conditioning treatment be used because this can dry out your hair . My natural hair color is dark brown and very curly , but I blow dry , flat iron , and curl my hair almost daily . I 've gotten many compliments on it and I plan on keeping it red for a very long time . This is an amazing product and worth every cent considering it costs a fraction of the generic kits and having it done professionally , which cost me more than $ 140 for having it done in a salon plus maintenance . I also wash my hair daily , which was such a waste but even with this product , the bold color lasts up to a month before you really notice that a touch up is needed .
 An awesome hair color product . I had gone to the salon a couple of times to get fire red peekaboo highlights in my hair and everytime they would fade out in a weeks time . I was tired of spending the crazy salon prices and decided to DIY . I already had bleached hair that was turning a orange-brass color from fade out , so I did n't have to use a developer with this product , I applied the color and waited only 15 minutes not the full 30min because my hair was already lightened . It came out RED and I mean RED lol . It 's awesome , I love it ! I will never go back to the salon again , will definetly just keep buying this inexpensive product and do it myself . I do recommend that if you choose to use this product invest in some One 'n Only Argan Oil Moisture Repair Conditioner its usually on sale at Sally Beauty for .99 it helps keep your hair moisturized and it makes your hair smell yummy after all the funky product . Make sure you wash with COLD water too.I also recommend Sally Beauty 's Riveting Reds Shampoo and Conditioner I do n't use it everytime I wash my hair but it helps fade out as well , Biolage Color shampoo and conditioners are awesome too . Try to stay away from generic brands they tend to fade out red even more .
 I had been looking for a bright red hair dye that would not require an initial bleaching . This is it.Better than Manic Panic BY FAR , better than any regular drugstore brand , better than Ice Cream , better than Splat . Basically , this is the best red I have found since L'Oreal discontinued the red hair dye I used to buy in the drugstore.Besides the fact that this colour gives you bright red without bleaching -LRB- I use the # 20 developer because my natural hair colour is light brown -RRB- , it also allows for a `` sloppy hand '' in dying , like mine . I tend to get the dye all over my ears and neck and my skin might be ever so slightly pink , but it washes off your skin in one or two showers . Unlike Splat , which permanently dyed my skin bright red for almost two weeks .
 ARIANATORS ? who just loves ARIANA GRANDE 'S hair ? this is the dye you can use to get the color . This is the dye I 've been using since 6th grade . . im in college now . and recently people have been asking me about the dye because they want this color appearantly a teenebopper actress has this color , let me tell you this is an excellent product works magic with dark hair , it can last a long time if you know how to take care of it . i have shoulder lenth hair and i only need two tubes . the tubes are pretty small . i apply it and leave for about 445 mins and when i rinse i rinse with cold water to seal the cuticle and then i put a CHI product to lock the color . i recommend this dye if you wan na go a nice bright vibrant red !!! : -RRB-
 L'Oreal Excellence Hicolor Hilights Red 1.2 oz.Suave Professionals Keratin Infusion Smoothing Shampoo , 12.6 Ounce -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- My hair is BLACK and no dye takes to my hair without bleach , but however , when I used a 40 volume developer with Loreal Red Hicolor Highlights , my hair turned red , but needed a 2nd dye job the next day , and when I did that , I was very pleasantly surprised , my hair was a nice color of RED . It stayed that way for two months and I used Sally 's 99 cent Ion Protein mask that they sell right as you walk out the door and left it on actually for 30 minutes for hair repair and used it once every other week with Suave 's New Keratin shampoo , conditioner , frizz control , and leave in conditioner and everyone who sees me say OMG , how did you get that color ? I want that color and when I mean everyone , I mean EVERYONE ! I look great ! My hair is soft and Suave 's line does n't cost as much as expensive hair color aftercare products , and IT WORKS GREAT ! Suave is the shizz ! Get it all Walmart or Target ! I paid $ 2.89 a bottle at Walmart ! This stuff really works . So if your looking for a flattering red , and your hair is dark , you have to use the 40 developer and yes it will burn your scalp , ouch ! LOL ! But a little pain is worth the beauty ! I left mine in for 45 minutes and that did n't include the processing time . If you want the dye to be a little bit more brilliant , I would go to a salon and let them bleach your hair for you so you can take all the scary out of it and then go for the 20 volume developer with the hicolor red and that is only if you bleached it . If you do n't want to bleach it then just use the 40 volume developer and you will get some rockin results . There is LOTS of good videos on youtube for some tips and help . I have been dying my hair since I was 8 , no kiddin , and now I am 36 , so I know what I am talking about . Have fun and good luck !
 This product really is awesome . However , if you have box dyed black hair , it 's not going to work the wonders that you 're hoping for . However , I have seen it work wonders on brown or mildly dark hair . Both dyed and natural . -LSB- :
 It worked ! I have teenage daughters with naturally dark brown hair . This is the only product that worked for them . I wo n't used bleach ! I used 40 developer . Two kids wanted peak-a-boo high lights , and another wanted the ends -LRB- 3 inches -RRB- . They all have long hair . Red is a difficult color to deal with ... even for me , who has naturally light auburn hair and have been `` enhancing '' the red for years . By the way , be careful , I have to re-paint the bathroom now . : -RRB-
 I purchased four tubes -LRB- 2 in RED and 2 in MAGENTA -RRB- I thought I was going to need four ! The reviews on here said you 'd need many tubes if you have long hair -LRB- mine goes to my bra strap on my back -RRB- and I had more than enough left using two . I mixed a tube of RED and a tube of MAGENTA together with a 30 volume developer and the brand recommended.Dying my hair cons
 OMG this is the best hair color ever ! Will never use another color but the one makes my hair super duper bright red
 I like how this color puts the red highlights back into my dark hair.It makes my hair come back to life after such stress I put it through .
 I love this stuff . I have super dark brown hair and ive dyed it soo many times before . I doubted it but it works so good ! I used 30 developer with it . I only did streaks and the color is so vibrant . I love it . I plan on using this again soon . Posted a picture : -RRB-
 all I can say is this was the best color I 've ever used it 's TRUE RED FINALLY I 've found the color I 've always wanted I have long medium thick hair and I used 4 tubes might use 5 next time : -RRB-
 I ordered this product a couple weeks ago and the day it came I dyed it . My hair was already a Reddish orange so I used a 20vol developer and I must say it came out RED . I love the color I was trying to get this color red for a few weeks could n't get to it so I said hell Ill use this one since I looked at other reviews . I 'm glad I used this color and will keep using this .
 In terms of color , I really liked this dye . I have very very dark brown almost black hair , I used this with a 30vol developer , and it made SOME of my hair a nice deep red , a little darker than a fire engine color . I do n't know what I did wrong , but the color came out very streaky in my hair and it looked horrible . some parts of my hair were brighter than others , and some parts of my hair underneath looked like they did n't hold any dye at all , like it was still my natural color . If the color would have came out even though , I 'm pretty sure I 'd have loved it.I 've dyed my hair before with box dyes , and thought that using this tube dye with a developer could n't be that much different . Apparently I was wrong . So if you have no experience with these type of dyes that come in a tube , I do n't recommend dyeing it yourself . Also , the dye was quite difficult to squeeze out of the tube .
 So since I was going to apply it onto a lot of hair , I mixed this color with theL ` Oreal Excellence HiColor Red Hot 1.74 oz . Tubeand it went on really well . I used the recommended 30 developer and the proper measurements according to both packages . I left it in for an hour from when I first started applying it in foils , and then washed it out with a generic light shampoo -LRB- no conditioner -RRB- , then let it dry and reapplied what I had left another 45 minutes , and then washed it out again until the water ran clear and appliedIon Color Brilliance After Color Treatment . It looks somewhat magenta in this picture but it is the exact same red as the sample swatch provided when shopping for it at Sally 's Beauty Supply.It has a healthy sheen , went on really even , and I could n't be more pleased with it . Oh , and it 's definitely worth mentioning that it was applied on the dark brown hair that you see on top .
 After doing research about red hair on and off for at least a year , I finally decided to set my mind to it and do it . I was planning to just buy some box bleach and box red hair dye , but after one youtube video on this product , I was instantly in love and had to find it . I have hair around to my belly button , and only bought two tubes which was definitely not enough to get the desired RED result , but I got a few different rich reds around my hair without pre-bleach . I am overall quite happy with the product , and with some semi-permanent dye and sparse hair washing , it has n't bled out after around a month and a bit of having the hair color . I 've had lots of compliments on my hair and it was a really nice change ! This product is easy to use and really creamy and thick so there is n't much spillage . Just be careful of skin contact/clothing because as with any other dye it does stain . Should buy around 3-4 tubes next time ! : -RRB-
 My hair is red just like the box says ! This is a very bright red , I used vol 40 developer .
 Hicolor HiLights Red . I loved this ! I did n't expect it to work at first because I had previously colored my hair before , multiple times . . But I left it in for an extra 10 minutes and it came out bright and gorgeous ! My only issue is that my roots were way brighter -LRB- What I wished my entire head looked like -RRB- than the rest of my hair , but that is expected for regrowth . But other than that it definatley delivers .
 My roots were red , and my ends were black , lol . I needed to use bleach to lighten my ends . I do plan on using this for my roots , because it will lighten my roots without the need of bleach , and I can then put a rinse on it . Wish it mentioned it in the description , but I took a risk .
 I 'm a certified dog groomer for over 15 years.I am from Europe , I tried these shears there first.I brought my old shears to the US with me but after about 10 years of constant using -LRB- ! -RRB- I wanted to replace them with the same brand but I could n't find it , then I found at Amazon!I was so happy!For the meantime till I figured out Amazon carries it , I tried at least 10 different brands of shears from wholesale pet supply companies , but I just wasted my money , ALL of them were awful!I work a lot with shears on my furry customers , and these shears allow me to do a perfect , precision finishing on them!Thank you Solingen !
 This candle has a very clean and masculine scent , which seems to be most difficult to come by in scented candles . I 've been burning this particular scent for over ten years and never tire of it .
 Works well , great color . Using a professional hair dresser to do the work . This was purchased at her recommendation
 Great for curly or wavy hair -- keeps the waves , not the poof . Love it , even works in Florida and anyone who 's ever been here knows how humid it is here most of the year !
 This stuff is a must have if you have wavy or poofy hair . After taking a shower and brushing your hair , put a very generous amount on your brush and brush it through your hair . It will not frizz up . It will not get bigger . You will have beautiful , shiny curls/waves . This product is the only reason I was ever able to start wearing my hair down ...
 I am serious ! This cream is so underated ! The fine lines on my forehead disappeared thanks to this cream and they never came back.I 've been using it for 4 years!WHY DID N'T ANYONE LEAVE A REVIEW YET?You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is a good night cream and is not greasy or heavy at all . Would like to use more of it before deciding if it 's making any difference . However I do like it and will continue to use it . I have used the Robanda products before and like the ingredients that they contain . Good so far and will need more time to evaluate any difference in skin .
 This is the best blow dryer ever ! I have long , thick hair and I was able to dry all of my hair -LRB- without styling -RRB- in 60 seconds ! I typically spend 5 minutes though since I like to diffuse it at the end with a round brush . My hair has never looked so good . It 's always sleek and smooth and shiny and bouncy . I never thought I could get a flat ironed look from just a blow dryer but I 've been able to cut out having to use a flat iron or curling iron when in a rush . Since I 've dyed my hair for the last 15 years and style it frequently my air-dryed hair is frazzled and with this blow dryer you 'd think I was a hair model!Before purchasing this blowdryer I spent a lot of time researching different kinds of blow dryers . I thought I had to have ionized or tourmaline or ceramic or whatever other fancy word to make my hair shiny , but this one works WONDERS ! Very long cord too and so light ! I 've had mine for over a year now and use it 2-3 times per week without any problems . Only thing is the back has come unscrewed a few times and the screen filter falls out then . But it 's easy to put back on . No idea how or why it comes unscrewed cause it 's kinda hard to take apart on purpose .
 I bought 2 of these blow dryers and I use them in my salon and they work excellent . Its very light so it does ` nt exhaust my arms . Would recommend to buy again .
 I have thick , curly hair . Before purchasing this dryer , I could n't blow dry my own hair to save my life . It would turn out dry and frizzy . My hair stylist recommended this dryer to me . She suggested that I use it and a round , vented brush . Now , I can do it well and quickly . I 'm saving a fortune by doing it myself . Apparently , you need the right tools to be successful at this . This is definitely the right dryer .
 This hairdryer is the best ! It makes your hair soft and silky without drying or damaging it !
 I had this model blow dryer for over 7 years until I dropped it and broke the fan . This blow dryer took many years of abuse and worked like a champ . I bought the same model to replace the one I had .
 I have a lot of hair and have owned a lot of hairdryers in my life . I would have never guessed that owning a professional hair dryer could make such a difference . This thing is amazing . It 's works so much faster than any other dryer I have ever owned . I originally started thinking about paying the big bucks for a pro dryer after reading an article on Jezebel . I had this thing on my wish list for a few months , not quite sure I wanted to spend so much for hairdryer . I ended up buying it for myself as a birthday present -- what a great decision.If you have long , thick , coarse or difficult to manage hair , seriously consider stepping up to a professional dryer .
 I was so tired of wimpy hairdryers that I had to buy this hairdryer after reading the other reviews . The reviews are CORRECT . The air that comes out of this dryer is incredible -- it dries my hair quickly , but the nice thing is that it dries your hair with air and not by baking it with intense heat -- it is hot , but not scorching . A great purchase !
 My stylist husband loves the Turbo Power blowdryer , and so does everyone he works with . This is a great dryer with nice hot/cold settings .
 I 'm so glad I got this dryer . My hair was starting to look fried and lifeless , I think it was due to the other ion dryers I was using . Someone recommended that I look into the TwinTurbo and I 'm so glad I invested the money .
 Love this . it 's light weight which is nice and easy to use . I have a lot of hair , and it dries so fast with this hair dryer ! would def recommend it !
 this hairdryer is great.it drys your hair fast & is lightweight.it is my second twin turbo , the first lasted for yearsi love it
 Really top quality parts and construction , feels good in your hands and just the right bristle stiffness to feel good in your hair . Could n't really want anything else in a hair brush - definitely recommended .
 I use this as directed with the Loreal Quick Blue powder -LRB- measuring equal parts -- I got the large tub of it -RRB- and it significantly lightens the color of my hair . I do n't leave it on for more than 40-50 minutes -LRB- i 'm a veryveryvery dark blonde -RRB- and it gets almost platinum/white , which is what I aim for . Does n't burn my scalp , and my hair does n't feel brittle after the first wash , and feels healthy -LRB- back to its original state -RRB- after a couple days of leaving in conditioner for extra-long in the shower -LRB- 5-10 minutes -RRB- , but then again I do n't blow-dry or straighten my hair ever , so that could affect my results . The consistency of the creme mixed with the powder is pretty thick so I was unable to get it into a tube for root-touch-up , but it only took a little practice and now I 'm able to get it with just a comb . It stays where you put it and does its job . I would say it 's pretty hard to over-process and destroy your hair with this product . I 'm never switching from the Loreal system , honestly !
 Excellent product , the hair was soft and shiny after , no damage , no burning effect no dropping . . recommended for use especially on dark hair that need more bleach time but not longer as 90 min per one time in combination with Blue Powder of Loreal . .
 I have used this developer for many years now . It provides a good level of lightening for very blonde shades . The shade I was aiming for seemed to be achieved with less time and greater result using this level . I would recommend this if you are looking to lighten your hair by two or more levels .
 This mixed perfect and gentle with Quick Blue and haircolor -LRB- aka HiLights by L'oreal -RRB- and it was as good as the best salons ... same goes for their 30 , and I bet the 20 and 10 level . :-RRB- Follow the instructions and you 're there . Hair color in stores comes with level 20 , so if you have darker hair you know use 30 or 40 . : -RRB-
 i was tryn to get my dark hair vibrant red and with this product i finally achieved it ... awsome product for dark hair
 Great product , will purchase again and I 'm happy it 's so cheap I love dying my hair bright colours and will continue to keep doing so
 If you 're going to dye your hair your going to need the ` Lo real Volume Developer Creme ' .
 I have just purchased and used this product a few times and have been very satisfied with the results . My hair is brittle and breaks easily , but this has minimized those problems .
 This product does exactly as advertised . The yellow 's gone , my hair is soft and I could n't be happier !
 When I purchased this brush four years ago , I thought it was too much money for simply a brush , until I realized how wonderful a pure bristle brush is . It was originally a gift for a woman . Subsequently , I have purchased a second one . Since then this item has reminded me of what value is . It 's craftsmanship is unequaled . It is beautifully finished and fits rather compfortably in your hand.I highly recommend this product as a gift for anyone looking to give something a woman would love . The only reservation I have is that the price has increased by 40 % . Oh well ...
 This fragrance is for people who like a fresh scent . It does n't smell too strongly of citrus , despite the name . And it 's not smotheringly overpowering like so many women 's perfumes on the market . I love it because it is sparkling for summer and can transition well into the cooler months with its spicy undertones , and it is just what I need in winter to keep me dreaming of the Mediterranean . L'Occitane makes great frangrances with unique scents that are distinctive , yet tasteful .
 Ruban d'Orange is casually sophisticated . It 's a breath of spring , like your own private orange orchard in full bloom.I wear it all year long .
 By no means a lightweight scent . It is light , not overpowering , but has rich spicy undertones . Have worn it in winter when I wanted to be reminded of summer !
 I bought this as I 'd read somewhere that the fragrance is close to Aqua Manda , a very popular scent that has long been discontinued . It 's close , not close enough for my liking , but still wearable . The first few times I used it , it did n't smell right and I can only assume this is because the bottle had been sitting around in some warehouse . It has a nice citrus scent and is very distinctive .
 As an African American woman , I overproduce testosterone which increases the hair on my face which increases hair bumps . I 've been using the product for about a month and I can see a big difference . This product has helped decrease the ingrown hairs which makes my skin look healthier and it feels smoother . It 's a wonderful product . I 've gotten so many positive comments on my skin .
 i have only used one bottle so i guess i didnt get the full effect but i guess that one bottle worked well ... i guess . not quite sure of why i should pay that much for this type of product ever again but ... i guess
 I 've been using this product for about a month now , and it does work . I 've noticed a great improvement already since my dark spots have lightened quite a bit . The serum does n't irritate the skin at all and spreads well so that a little goes a long way . The only negative thing I have to say is that the results are n't as instantaneous as advertised . However , if you stick with it and apply it twice a day , the results will come with patience !
 it feels nice on my lady parts , and has made the hairs softer . i 've had it for more than a month and im happy with it
 I have tried this product just over nite and i have to say it 's great !!! my bumps cleared up by morning .
 It does n't do miracles overnight but i had severe problems with my bikini area -LRB- i tend to get bumps , irritations and some blemishes from epilation -RRB- - and princereigns is the best product i found for myself -LRB- i tried many -RRB- . It works best for me if i apply it before sleep -LRB- and leave it on the skin overnight -RRB- - already by the morning i can tell the difference.I mean , all the bumps do n't disappear right away but it does cure my skin in a long run . New bumps do come out every now and then , but this actually happens after my skin becomes good and so i get lazy and stop using princereigns . So the downside seems to be that u do have to use regularly . I 'd suggest to anyone to try it for at least 1-2 weeks , applying daily , before giving up on it . -LRB- You can also check out their website -RRB-
 This is a very very nice perfume but also very hard to find .
 Fendi is hard to find these days so when I came across these sample size I could n't pass them up . Love this scent and glad to be able to have it without paying ridiculous amounts of money .
 I received my deluxe mini EDP of Fendi within days ! It is one of my favorites that had been discontinued . As I was not willing to pay the scalping prices on line , I chose to order the mini-yes it has satisfied my desire for my original Fendi , and I will only wear it on special occassions . Overall I was extremely satisfied with the product and the prompt delivery . The Eau de toilets and Eau de parfums are extremely overpriced ! Compare to any Chanel 3.4 oz EDP at $ 115.00 - the Fendi sellers are way out of line . I am a fragrance sales rep for a major company-the mini EDP 's are free give-a-ways , but to have my Fendi , I was willing to pay for it . I am satisfied with the mini .
 I love this perfume ! It is an expensive indulgence which I do n`t tend to gravitate to very often ! Good for special occasions !
 I was pleased to be able to get this perfume - as it is almost impossible to find it anywhere - I was a little surprised at the size - but is is the real Fendi and I am satisfied with my purchase
 The product has become hard to get and there has been no real explanation as to why it is no longer available from the retail outlets , a good explanation would be great .
 I bought this product for my grandmother because it is her absolute favorite and we could n't find it anywhere else . The company shipped it right away and it arrived a few days before christmas , perfect . Until I opened the box . I guess I mis-judged the size of the product , it was sample size !! almost comical because it was so small . Next time I will read more carefully because $ 25 for this size bottle was too much . But overall the smell is great and my grandmother will enjoy it for the short time it will last
 If you have long , thick , kinky , tangled locks , You 'll love this product . I know I do . I let this product sit for a while and then rinse . I use it in cobination with the Pyto-Specific shampoo . When these products are used together , it creates something soooo awesome !! My hair is soft , manageable and nearly completely tangle free . My hair tangles really bad , so that 's why I say `` nearly '' . I tell you what - I will be a repeat customer .
 I like the way it makes my hair feel when it is wet . It feels silky and soft . And my hair is left tangle free . This product takes some discipline to use the directions indicate that you must `` leave on 10-15 minutes depending on hair porosity . '' Additionally , I would have given a 5 but it contains propylene glycol and butylparaben .
 I especially love the brush . Natural bristles , but soft enough for baby . -LRB- Also just sturdy enough deal with newborn scalp flaky blahs . -RRB- The yellow color is adorable & has a vintage feel . This set would make a great baby gift !
 Great quality brush and comb set that is not made in China . The set is made in England and shipped directly from UK . I would highly recommend . Great gift for either boy or girl .
 Very nice comb and brush . They 're pretty good tor the price and not too much more I can say about them .
 Not as soft as expected , do not misunderstand description like I did . It really is not soft , but set is cute set and well made . I use the brush to help detangling .
 Great product ! So soft for my little one . Package arrived on time and exceeded my expectations . I have n't had another item like this .
 In 40 years of experimenting with products for my dry curly hair this is hands down the best . I do not have beautiful curls ala Andie MacDowell , but simply waves , body and misplaced curls - this moisturizing shampoo has done wonders for my hair - keeps it soft , curly and , best of all - lasts ! I go through shampoos quickly - especially when I enjoy them - this bottle lasts me for at least two months and I can still use a generous amount . I highly recommend this shampoo !
 OMG ... what a great shampoo ... all the curl friend products are sooo fantastic . You will not be disappointed if you give them a try . You will find you need much less product -LRB- instructions only use a dime size -RRB- and the results will be amazing . Suddenly you will fall back in love with your curls again and they will be a LOT less work .
 Be aware that the new bottles are smaller , 700ml instead of the former 750ml . Shipping makes this product too expensive unless several bottles are purchased at once . Soap is soap , this product is only worth the price if you like the scent which is unique .
 I have been using this product along with the soap for years and always come back to it . The smell is refreshing and it will not dry out your skin . The bubbles are very generous and last a long time.Love this product !
 This is the best shower soap I 've ever used . French-made with a light , herbal fragrance it lathers easily and rinses off cleanly . Just as good as the Magno bar soap that has been in production for years . Sometimes hard to find , Amazon had the best price .
 I have never tried this product before but as my wife remembered the Magno soap from many years ago and wanted to obtain some , I decided to order her some gel at the same time . However when the gel arrived she felt it was a more masculine smell than the soap , lucky for me . I love it , the smell is great and you only need a small amount to get a rich lather so it 's really economical .
 African Pride Authentic Gro Fast Moisturizer is a product that you just have to try ! My daughter is 3 years old with a hair texture that has a natural tight coil curl , and a very dry looking appearance . It is only manageable when it is wet . AP Authentic Gro Fast Moisturizer performs in a way that softens , conditions , manages , and adds luster . It really compliments the natural texture of her hair without having to use large quantities . I was really surprised to come across this product and see it work , because I first thought it was a product for men . But to my complete satisfaction , AP Authentic Gro Fast Moisturizer is a product that is not parrellel to any other -LRB- not even other AP products -RRB- . Thank you African Pride !
 This soap is not only very unique and elegant looking , the smell is remarkable too ... I highly recommend this soap . I know I will be stocking up ... : -RRB-
 This is a perfume that I have been using for many years . I just love this fragrance . If you are looking for a fragrance that is clean and fresh than this is it .
 Priced well below the market value in my part of the country , this fragrance is fresh and light and has a subtle presence that ca n't be missed . My husband loves this fragrance as well . It 's become one of my staples and signature fragrances . I love it !
 I have a ton of perfumes ... and nothing gets more compliments than Jil Sander Sport .
 Simply one of the very best soaps you will ever use . A unique , classy scent . A long lasting soap that you will never want to do without . Pure elegance .
 I was born in Spain and since I was a child , the only soap we used at home was Magno soap . This a soft , non abrasive , smooth as silk soap . It does not do miracles like glowing skin , or making you younger , or looking like a princess . However , it leaves a clean , smooth , good-smelling sensation all over you and your skin does not dry or feel puckered . This is a good , very good , soap , somewhat expensive , but worth it .
 I have loved this soap since I was first introduced to it in Europe some 40 years ago . It lathers very well and maintains it 's great aroma . I love this soap !
 well , I do n't love it , but a friend of mine from Cuba loves it ... so , I 've given it a rating of which I am sure he would approve . -LRB- I personally think the Magno Soap smells like a wet dog ... sorry , nothing personal to any dogs which might read this . -RRB-
 I have fair skin and burn very easily . This sunblock works very well to keep my skin from getting burned or even tan and I do n't have to use a lot . It has the consistency of hand lotion and spreads easily . It has a slight scent which dissipates quickly . Unfortunately , it is oily and takes a while to absorb into the skin , but once it 's absorbed you wo n't even know you 're wearing it .
 Hi , I received this as a gift over 2 years ago and loved it . I have specific likes and dislikes in perfumes and when that is the case , its better to give a set of different ones rather than one huge one . If your recipient is not too hot on the 1.7 ml perfume it will take them months or more to finish the bottle . Minis get over quick and give you exposure to more fragrances so you can try things out and buy more if you like them . The big advantage of minis for me is that they are small enough to fit in a handbag if you want to refresh during the day or if you go out for dinner straight from work , for example . Very convenient.Regarding this specific set , ` Beautiful ' is my favorite - a rich , heady evening perfume which in various reviews has been called a ` man magnet ' !! :-RRB- Would n't speak to that , but yes , a lot of people have asked about this perfume when I wear it and appreciate it . I myself like it and it is long-lasting , which is very imp . to me -LRB- stays till the end of the work day -RRB- . Beyond Paradise has jasmine and is fresh and light . . very nice but the fragrance fades early . More summery and day wear . Pleasures is somewhere in between - its not earthy , no fruity smells , vanilla and other scents mixed in . Lasts a reasonable amount of time and can be worn day or evening.After I tried this set I went ahead and bought full bottles of ` beautiful ' and ` pleasures ' - I liked them so much.My only quibble is that the same set also comes packaged in a black small handbag which looks nicer - buy that if its for a gift , and this one if its for yourself and you dont need the bag .
 I love this set ! It gives me the opportunity to try the different scents . So far my favorite -LRB- and my husband 's -RRB- is Beautiful !
 my wife hs been using it for 10 years now - loves it . She just does not want to change it , and i Agree .
 I really like this perfume I when it was delivered it was in excellent condition . I though the price was reasonable and since I bought it during holidays it was more cheaper than other expensive stores . If you are searching for the perfect gift or maybe your favorite brand of perfume I really recommend this website .
 This is the only perfume that I have worn and never have gotten tired of it.This smells really good on me . Men compliment me when I wear this fragrance.I just wish she offered body powder !
 el perfume es perfrcto my esposa le encanto y recomendamos a el vendedor , buen precio , buen servicio , y pronta entrega .
 An awesome deal for a whole set of a higher end brand . Nice fresh scent , great packaging . I got two sets , my in-laws were very pleased .
 El Producto cumple las Especificaciones y detalles por ofrecidos Por El Vendedor y la entrega tambien es Cumplida a tiempo . llego muy en buenas condiciones y estoy contento con el producto recibido .
 Fifth Avenue is a wonderful fragrance . I purchased this gift set for my grandmother and she absolutely loves it . The fragrance is subtle and not over powering . Mother 's Day just around the corner this makes an awesome gift !
 got this perfum for my grandma and she loves it ... actually i love it also ... highly recommended ...
 I always love the scent , very mild and long lasting . I love this item because it includes not only the parfum , but the pocket size parfum and lotions .
 Excelent service and excelent product ! I love to buy with this provider . They always be kind and do good follow up to me
 I have always enjoyed getting the variety packs . And I just love this ! I encourage you to go try this , you will love it !
 I am totally satisfied with the product with the time it was delivered , etc.Brought the set for my mom and she was totally satisfied . Thank you Amazon .
 THE ONLY SHAMPOO I USE . I LOVE IT . ADDS SHINE AND LUSTER TO MY HAIR . IT SAFE FOR COLOR TREATED HAIR , IM A BLONDE W RED/BROWNS STREAKS , DOES NOT CAUSE FADING . WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
 Love this product !! My hair is naturaly golden blonde . This product gives body to my hair and adds highlights . It is the only shampoo and conditioner I use . I live in a rural area where I can not get this product on a regular basis . Amazon provided a great price and no shipping so that makes makes this a no brainer .
 Works good . I like the large container so I do n't have to order so often . I purchased a large pump to fit the bottle and it makes it really easy to use in the shower . Would recommend .
 If you are using modern conditioners and shampoos with chemicals and worried about falling/dry hair , then this is a best solution for you . I bought this product 2 weeks ago . This conditioner does not use any artificial chemicals . It has got a very attractive smell . Its completely natural and it conditions your hair equivalent to other modern hair products . It takes 2 or 3 washes to get you equivalent to modern chemical based conditioners but its worth it . I will recommend this product if you wish to say goodbye to all the hair products with chemicals that damage your hair everyday . My hair falling reduced immidiately after switching to this conditioner and a similar shampoo without chemicals . Now I am satisfied that I am not damaging my own hair anymore .
 This stuff is AMAZING !! I 've always had horribly flat , drab nails and within a few hours of application my nails looked beautiful ! It shaped them and it 's a matte finish so you ca n't tell you 're even wearing it ! I 'm definitely buying this again !!!!!
 This works well as a single layer , or as a base coat , on the toe nails . The matte finish is highly desirable -LRB- actually shows as a low sheen -RRB- . The draw-back
 OPI Nail Envy is the answer to a fingerpicker 's dream , especially if you have thin or easily broken nails . I put two or three coats on at a time , being careful to coat the nail tip and the * underside * of the nail as well . This treatment will last about a week , at which time you should remove the product with nail polish remover and rub vitamin E oil into your nails and let them rest for a day . I treat only the index , middle and ring finger of my right hand and I can play for days with no nail splitting or breaking.Plus , Nail Envy dries to a semi-gloss -LRB- not matte -RRB- finish . This is still preferable -LRB- I guess -RRB- to a gloss finish , if you worry about such things -LRB- I do n't -RRB- . Bottom line
 Product arrived timely . Have used this strengther for years will good results . You must follow directions exactly . I prefer the matte rather than the original -LRB- shiny -RRB- . The cost of the product is considerably less on Amazon .
 I have always loved using my ConAir cordless curling iron , but lately the ThermaCell refills have become harder to find in stores . I 'm glad I could find them on Amazon ! The refills work really well with the curling iron and generally last a long time .
 It is hard to find this product in my local store . Great for travel and takes up less room in the suitcase .
 These are fine . they came when promised . I like to have replacement cartridges so that I do n't run out of juice when I need it .
 I have the old wireless curling iron and needed more cartriges . They work well and last a long time . Great buy !
 The ordering is so quick , it gets to my home in a few days , the prices are great . No gas required .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND IT IS VERY HARD TO FIND A PLACE THAT CARRIES THIS PRODUCT . YOU MAKE IT VERY CONVIENT TO PURCHASE.I THINK RETAILERS FORGET THAT WHEN THEY SELL A PRODUCT THEY SHOULD CARRY ANY ACCESSORIES THAT YOU NEED TO MAKE THE PRODUCT WORK.THANK YOU FOR NOT MAKING ME HAVE TO DISCARD MY THERMACELL CORDLESS CURLING IRON .
 It was ship fast and as pictured . Will order again . The only problem is that I order twice by mistake & I could not cancel one order , so I end it up with 2 orders .
 This is such a great idea , if it were n't for these cartridges there would be no on the go products I could use .
 I was thrilled to find these heat cells ! My Butane curling iron is a must for camping . I was unable to find the cells anywhere locally , but then I remembered Amazon . You Ssaved my camping trip !
 I am so spoiled ; for the past 20 years , I have simply attached the butane to the curling rod and in 47 seconds , my bangs are out of my eyes ! Much easier than five pounds of hot rollers .
 The ThermaCell Refill Cartridges worked great in my Black and Decker Portable Soldering Iron . These are direct replacements for the original ones and work just as well .
 I 've used an older bottle , which was a gift , and was accustomed to it . The most recent purchase -- a spray -- was different than the older bottle . An okay product , but I probably would n't pay $ 90 + in the future .
 I have always been intimidated by false lashes . I thought they 'd be super difficult to work with , a real mess . Not the case & I got them on perfectly the first try ! I ordered the least expensive ones I could find that included glue because this was basically a test . They passed with flying colors !
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 My wife really liked all of the colors and the price was good for the number of scrunchies that you get .
 This sunblock lotion works just as advertised in the description . I use this sunblock when I go for long runs and bike rides as it is sweat / water resistant . The size of this bottle will easily last me the entire summer even if I used it everyday !
 This is such a beautiful color . it started out really dark and almost blue toned purple , all depending on the lighting . It 's very deceptive . It fades really quickly and that would be it 's only downfall , if it were n't for the fact that it fades to an equally beautiful light smokey purple.It also leaves you 're hair feeling soft , like all other special effects colors .
 This hair dye is absolutely fantastic . But beware , it does stain things . That 's just how the dye is . If you get some cleaning bleach and let it sit for a while , it comes right out of sinks and bath tubs ! Nail polish remover can also help get it off of tile floor if you do not want to use bleach on it.I have tried using Manic Panic 's equivalent to Wildflower -LRB- called Ultra Violet -RRB- and it simply can not compare . Special Effects stays on longer and comes out brighter . Since it is a vegetable dye , you can keep it on for as long as you want without it damaging your hair because there are no harsh chemicals . Actually , the longer you leave it on , the more vibrant it becomes . I only dye my bangs purple now since I had to dye the back of my head back to black , but I had all purple hair before and I would it on over night and it was AMAZING.When I first bleached my hair from black to purple , I did n't even have to bleach it all the way to blonde for this hair dye to efficiently cover it and be vibrant . I bleached it to a copper color . This can only work for purples/pinks and reds/oranges though ! You HAVE to bleach your hair to a light blonde in order to get blues and greens to dye properly.I would recommend any special effects color to ANYONE . They are fantastic !
 I really loved this hair color . It came out better than I expected . I was n't able to bleach my hair to a bright white or light blonde so I was concerned the color would come out dull and dark , but it was very vibrant nonetheless . The consistency was very easy to work with . There was no dripping or goopy mess . I left the color on for two hours and it left my hair feeling moisturized . If you bleach your hair super blonde , it will come out more blue . If you bleach it to a yellowy blonde , it 'll come out more purple . I also only used half a bottle in spite of having very thick short hair . A great value for the money.Also , if you happen to stain something in your bathroom , a bleach based cleanser such as comet or ajax should remove it .
 Nice color . I had to leave it in overnight to get the full color effect in my hair . Depending on the lighting it goes from rather blue to bright purple and somewhere in between .
 so this product is a bit more pricey than manic panic hair dye . It 's my first time using special effects and i 'll i have to say is that its definitely better than manic panic ! The color came out really bright but i was a bit dissapointed that it did n't last longer . like the other user said , when it fades it turns into a lavenderish color . I will definitely be buying more products from special effects !
 Great dye , lasts much longer than `` Raw '' brand dye . As a semi-permanent , it still does n't hold too long -LRB- needs frequent touch-ups -RRB- , but it does n't seem to stain other surfaces nearly as much as other kinds I 've tried . It 's an incredibly vivid color . Head 's up , though -- it 's much more blue-purple than purple-purple .
 This color is magnificent . I 've been dying my hair for years , and I 've used almost every brand and every color imaginable - and without a doubt , SFX Wildflower is my favorite . When dyed over properly bleached hair Wildflower is so bright that it seems to glow in the sunlight , and the color is mysteriously dynamic . The color seems to change - depending on the lighting , sometimes your hair will seem blue-toned and then , when you turn your head it can be a deep magenta!The downside is that this dye fades faster than any other SFX dye I have used . Where Atomic Pink will more than a month without fading or washing out , I always have to keep an extra bottle of Wildflower around for weekly touch ups for those few strands that start to get blotchy . However , if you can manage to bleach your hair to the elusive all-over white , when Wildflower fades it fades / beautifully / into a smokey , pastel - but even a little patch that was yellow or orange will turn into an uneven , mucky yellow and brown color!I really suggest using this color alongside or even OVER Special Effects Virgin Rose or Atomic Pink - they last longer , and when Wildflower starts to fade the two colors mix together into a beautiful deep , pink-toned color !
 The item came in super fast and it is in AMAZING QUALITY !! Awsome packaging 100 % came in mail unharmed Highly recommended !!!
 The product is superb but discontinued so I ended up ordering from the US . Beware !!! UK import tax had to be paid on arrival and was a significant extra cost . Ouch !
 We 're told that the packaging for this signature men 's fragrance interoduced in 1999 was inspired by Boucheron 's collection of watches . The bottle did , indeed , win an award.A rich , ripe fragrance redolent of Verbena , Moss , Sandalwood , and Vanilla Boucheron Pour Homme is a one of a kind scent.Long recognized as makers of elegrant , luxurious jewelry Boucheron began in 1830 when the first store opened in Paris . It was not until 1988 that the first Boucheron fragrance was launched.Boucheron remains in family hands today , the president being the founder 's great-grandson , Alain Boucheron . To me , that bespeaks pride in and attention to product . Both of which benefit the consumer .
 I love this stuff - it comes out in a convenient spray , which is also handy for scalp burns and lessons the need to rub painful skin . The aloe and added lidocaine really helps to take the pain away while the sunburn heals . The low price is great , and the supply lasts forever -LRB- assuming you try to avoid getting burned in the first place -RRB- .
 Hard to find , but is the best product to releive sunburn pain that I have found . Because you can spray it on instead of smoothing it in makes all the difference . You get instant relief and areas of concern are repaired , -LRB- providing you do n't have sun poison -RRB- . Highly recommend for all folks to use to releive sunburn pain .
 awesome stuff , works really wellhas a locking top mechanism that I 've not seen before . It works well . You slide it sideways and no worries about it spraying in your bag , ect . Product works nicely . .
 I bough this AND the spray version . Only difference is the fact that - for my use - you do n't have to wipe this one off.I read a few reviews on random things to stop razor burn and this popped up . It 's a god send.Being in the military , I 'm forced to shave everyday of the week -LRB- and some weekends -RRB- . I hate it , but I got ta . I only use electric razors because blades irritate the hell out of the skin on my neck and they also open you up to bacteria because a lot of them shave waaaaay closer than recommended.I shave then immediately spray this on my neck . Note - do it shirtless . No , I did n't do it with my shirt on , but you never know with some people , so I figured I 'd throw that in there . If you do n't touch it after you spray it on , it 'll cool your skin very well .
 My family has been using this for years . We go to Myrtle Beach and Outer Banks every year and you need a product like this . If you apply it immediately after sunburn magically it turns to tan with no peeling !! You must keep applying it though . I would recommend to all beach lovers .
 Self application at its best . I have used this stuff for years . And i will continue to use it in the future .
 Great gift , wonderful scent . this item is no longer sold in select and premier department stores , so it was cool to be able to secure it . many thanks for carrying the product .
 This is the best ever perfume . I have been using it for the past 50 years . I ca n't find any other perfume that comesclose to this . It is hard to find in the U.S.A. I buy only in Europe . Any chance you can get `` Eau De Parfum '' ? I will order it
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 I am so happy that Amazon sells this product at a good price . The price was right and the shipping was extremely fast .
 I love OPI polishes and decided to try a lighter color for summer . Bubble bath is a perfect color for anytime of the year really . its a very very pale pink even though it looks a little more cream in the photo , but it looks great on !
 You got that right girls , Lisa Robertson -LRB- sp -RRB- from QVC wears this shade -LRB- bubble bath -RRB- that is the reason I purchased this particular , mainly a conversational piece . But it is a rather nice shade of ` pink ' . I also purchased the ` Stickey Base ' coat the same day . Amazon carries it too and that base coat is excellent - maintains the polish without chipping . So I tried them both and guess what my manicure lasted 7 days without one single chip . Usually , I notice chipping on day 3 . . Had to put 3 coats of OPI bubble bath to get the desired color . Check QVC and you 'll see Lisa wearing it.Would have given it 5 Stars except for the 3 coats , prefer the 2 coats , less time consuming .
 I love this color and it has great coverage . I put two coats and it lasts for a long time . I some times put three coats just to get a darker color . Very nice !
 The nail polish is a little watery , but I sort of expected that . The color is a very nice , natural color ... makes my nails look very clean and pretty ! I applied three coats and you can still noticeably see the white , but I sort of like that . This was my first OPI nail polish ... and I 'm glad ! Overall , very nice and I ca n't wait to use it more often !
 Love love love this color . I have been looking for a light pinkish nude color for a while , and where others failed to impress , this one shined . I love OPI in general , I find that a bottle lasts me longer than other , and you do not have to apply as many coats to get a good even color . I 've also noticed that it takes a lot longer for this brand to chip than others , even without a top coat . What I love specifically about this color -LRB- Bubble Bath S86 -RRB- is that I feel like I got multiple colors in one bottle . Once coat gives a nice light shine , and two coats gives a little more depth , more of an opaque color . I would def recommend this product .
 Always a good product . The color is neutral but pink enough to not be plain old clear . Goes on smoothly .
 I 'm a huge fan of OPI products . I like this sweet , baby , candy pink color . Although the color is thin , after three coats , it 's perfect . I had a lot of compliments wearing this color . It 's nice if you just want a simple color after a fresh manicure .
 OPI Nail Lacquer Bubble Bath is so far one of my favorite shades this summer ! It 's very subtle and paints on smoothly after a few coats , leaving a streak free coverage that I adore . I love that the shade is a soft pink that compliments practically my entire wardrobe . And best of all , the polish lasted a full week without chipping .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 My wife has chronic fatique and ca n't handle alot of strong fragrances , but likes this one as not being `` over powering '' , and also receives alot of compliments on it .
 I had my grandson order this polish for me from Amazon . I was looking for a red polish without an orange base . I was not disappointed ! This is just the Red I was looking for , it has the blue base allowing the Red in the polish to be the perfect shade . I am not a red polish person , but for a change I wanted it for the holiday . Not so , I will be wearing this all year round .
 It was very easy to order this product as it came quickly and was just as described . Nice not having to go search for it in stores .
 This is a classic red that is very similar to OPI Vodka and Caviar . Goes with anything at any time . A collection staple . Of course , OPI 's quality goes without say .
 I like this product . I got 4 of them on EBay for the same price and less shipping . But the product is good if you like your hair soft .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 Makes an excellent gift ! It was slightly smaller than I thought , but my mother absolutely loved it ! It 's just so hard to find white tea lotions and body scrubs anywhere ! It came nicely wrapped and the timing was perfect !
 A favorite of mine since I was a child . An age old standby that has become `` my signature , lifelong fragrance . '' It is the one perfumed product -LRB- lotion , soap , cologne/perfume spray -RRB- that I can wear that does not -LRB- 1 -RRB- evoke an allergy response of any kind , ever , -LRB- 2 -RRB- always smells light and fresh , -LRB- 3 -RRB- does not have an adverse interaction with my body chemistry , -LRB- 4 -RRB- does not leave a sour smell on clothes , as many fragrances do as they `` age '' on the clothing fabric fiber .
 I love this product ! It applies easily and looks magnificent ! If you have ever used OPI before you will understand what I mean .
 Revlon 's HIGH DIMENSION was the best hair coloring I ever found -- and it only took 10 minutes time to turn this light mousy brown hair to a perfect platinum blonde . Why , oh why , has it been taken off the market ? Seems like every time I find the perfect product , it becomes obsolete.What 's with THAT ?
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 This delicate mask is made very simply with clay and essential oils . This nature-derived formula deep cleanses and purifies the skin . Essential oils of lemon , lavender , pine , rosemary -LRB- antiseptic -RRB- , myrtle -LRB- anti-bacterial/anti-inflammatory -RRB- , marjoram , orange , tangerine , sweet lime are blended with clay , grapefruit extract and birch . Lime oil can brighten the skin by removing dead skin cells and lavender is known for being anti-inflammatory , antiseptic and regenerative . Birch is anti-inflammatory but should be avoided during pregnancy . With antiseptic citrus oils and numerous anti-inflammatory essential oils , this becomes a very calming , healing mask you can use a few times a week to purify the skin . The texture is similar to honey blended with clay and this is a mildly scented product . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I have tried lots of glues . This one works best . Even their brush on bonds quickly and easily . It is easy to apply and less mess
 This adhesive is excellent ... except for the smell . It does go away once it dries . However , it 's a product that works and it 's very affordable . I own this , the dark adhesive and the Duo brush-on . Each version has something unique about it . You can use this clear one on top of the lashes if you feel like the ends are not really sticking to your eyelids .
 Does exactly what it says ! Easy to apply , did n't irritate my eyes , and dries clear ! I would def purchase again in the future ! Also I used makeover remover to clean off the end of the night !
 it works well with my fake lashes . i just wish it is transparent color and not white or black . . .
 Like many other lash adhesives . . the smell is terrible , but I expected that.The adhesive takes a bit longer to become tacky , so just be patient when using this product.It does stay on all night though !
 Great product , the glue turns black once is dry , it does n't hurt when you peel them out at all . My own lashes do n't suffer when I use this . This is a really great affordable glue .
 Much more worth it than buying it at Walgreens even though they 're the exact same size . It does n't have that weird smell that the one I bought from Walgreens does too ! Yay !
 Very good hold . Nothing like the glue that comes with the lashes . It dries clear so that 's a plus . Would defiantly buy again .
 I 'm a beginner at wearing eyelashes and this glue does the trick . I accidently fell asleep with my lashes on and they stayed on throughout the night . The glue hold really well
 This is a must for falsies . It dries clear so no worries about mistakes . Just make sure to wait til it gets tacky .
 I really loved this product . It is so much better than the other ones . Yay , I am so happy and satisfied .
 I paid more for shipping than I paid for the product . I felt the seller could have adjusted the shipping price once he/she realized that only one little item was being shipped , and it could have been mailed through the post office for less than a dollar .
 I have been wearing lashes for years and have tried lots of brands of glue including expensive ones from my beautician and cheap ones from Walmart . When I finally discovered Duo Clear it was like finding the holy grail . It works like a charm . It keeps my falsies in good condition so I can just keep wearing them and wearing them . It is super easy to just carefully pull the glue strip off the lash after removing them.A lot of people prefer the dark color over this clear color , but I am not among them . I have both , but I prefer the clear . I like this one because I have shaky hands and if I am putting on the lashes and I accidentally `` miss '' and get a little bit of glue on say , the brow bone or something , I do n't have to worry about trying to go back remove a black glue smudge later and then reapplying shadow in that one spot . If I get a little bit of glue in the wrong spot ; no biggie , it dries clear ! Also , if you are going for a more `` natural '' look and do n't want a dark line above your eye or like to use other liner colors/shadows besides black , you really just want the clear glue.Hope this helps someone !
 This is by far the best eyelash glue I have ever used . It sticks well and dries very quickly . It bonds quite strongly and comes off easily with make up remover . Be careful not to let it touch water though , it might come loose . But that 's expected , and other than that , I ca n't really find any other flaw with it .
 pros : - it really does go clear-goes a long way-easy to remove from eye-doesnt leave eyelashes messy and its easy to remove it from them so u can reuse emcons : - its has a bad smell-NOT for sensitive eyesi have to reapply on the ends after every 4 hours -LRB- but i 've had the same problem with every eyelash adhesive and those i have to reapply on the end every 2 hours -RRB-
 Duo white does NOT dry white . I dries translucent if you apply correctly . If you are using too much of the product , it will take very long to dry . FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ON BOX IF YOU ARE A NEWBIE ... Pros , we know this product is WELL WORTH IT !
 I like this product . I would buy it again and since it dries clear no one can see my mistakes .
 Works great , doesnt make a mess , dries clear and doesnt rip my eyelashes out when I remove the fake lashes
 The Lash Adhesive is the same one that comes with most false eyelashes . The tube seals correctly , so the contents do not dry out before the next time it is used . Highly recommend !
 I wish Lancome would bring this product back . Cool and refreshing to the skin . Use it under my moisturizing cream .
 Is fading my old acne blemishes with consistent application . Other people are noticing too , and I 'm getting loads of compliments .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 The product i a wonderful exfoliator . Not too harsh . Creamy to touch . Hard to find locally . Leaves skin feeling and looking good .
 This is a great fragrance and hard to find . It has a `` hippie-ish '' feel about it . I bought it as a Christmas present for my husband 's Aunt and she fell in love with it . Since my first purchase a few years ago , I find it difficult to find the product at a reasonable price . Every year has been a challenge . But this year , I found it . Great price ! And fast delivery ! The look on her face this past Christmas , made it worth the effort ! Thank you .
 I 've had a pair of these for several years and love them . My current set is still serviceable but , the cuff of the left hand has lost it 's elasticity and tends to roll down . Overall , these were a great value . Obviously , I 'm very happy with them and am ordering another set .
 Great easy way to exfoliate . I like that they do n't come in a silly , girly color . they dry out quickly so they do n't get rank -LRB- at least they have n't yet . -RRB- Rough enough to scrub the skin off , but not too rough so that they are irritating .
 These gloves help `` sand '' and `` polish '' your skin so that it has a nice feel to it . I think it helps I would recommend them to anyone .
 I got the 20 vol developer like the bottle said and my ends turned blue . The regular developer like in the kits works great . The lady at the salon I go to said you ca n't always go by the back of the bottle .
 The price was right and they do the job but they 're not super glamorous . I 'm still glad that I bought them because I do feel that they 're nicer to sleep on and better for my hair than a regular cotton pillowcase but I was disappointed that they snagged and frayed so easily . They look a little rundown for offering company . Its also not super handy that they are zippered pillowcases instead of the standard open ended variety . I do n't think they look as nice .
 My husband bought this perfume for Mother 's Day . I adore it ! It has a wonderful fresh , sweet , almost powder scent . Not too over-powering . I wear it all year long .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , to replace the one that he lost.He uses it for some of his overnight stays.It looks really nice and sturdy .
 L'air Du Temp is one of my favorite fragerences . I 've worn it for a long time . I have the cologne and now the Eau de Parfum Spray.This item was wrapped beautifully and the bottle is a very classicperfume bottle . It 's unique onto itself . L'air du temp is a fragerence that most people seem to like and notice . I must admit I prefer the French perfumes and this item is a welcome addition to my cologne . I would buy this again . Like all other perfumes wear it where ever you have a pulse point and it lasts for a long time .
 If you like this perfume , this is a great gift -- never seen it anywhere before and it 's very eye-catching among the more usual shapes of things that crowd the vanity . Nice packaging too , very classy as usual for L'air du Temps . Recommended .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift , the container is beautiful and it arrived promptly , well packaged and in excellent shape .
 I own tons of perfumes but this is the only one i would use daily ! My nose is very sensitive but this scent is very light . Love it !
 My mother asked me to order this samba perfume for her . It really smells very good is not astrong scent . The price was very cheap .
 I wish they did a handbag size of this ... Cause i take mine everywhere ... My friend joke I am the only person they know that carries a whole bottle of perfume in thier bag .
 I have not seen this fragrance in stores for many , many years . I had a small bottle back in junior high around 1990 , and it was always one of my favorite scent . I just received my order from Amazon , and it smells just like I remember from back then , a beautiful fruity floral . I did n't even know this fragrance was still made ! I 'm a very happy Amazon shopper right now .
 I have loved Samba perfume since I was in high school . I still love the smell - not too strong , not too light.It 's very hard to find so I was thrilled when I found it at Amazon.com - and for a decent price too .
 I paid $ 22 at a kiosk in the mall . From now on , I will order through Amazon .
 My wife bought 3 Samba perfumes and this is really a nice smelling perfume , and great value . They shipped fast as well .
 If sexy had a smell it would smell like Samba ! My girl can wear it for work or hitting the town and she always gets a comment how good she smells !
 My hairdresser was n't really confident about what the results would be when I wanted to switch to a more natural hair color brand but at this point even she is convinced . This color is so gentle and totally covers gray . I was allergic to other mainstream brands such as Clairol and L'Oreal -LRB- they caused itching -RRB- but Herbatint does n't bother my scalp at all . It leaves my hair in nice condition and has very little fading between colorings . At this point , many of my hairdresser 's other customers have also switched to Herbatint . The only downside is that the color on shown the box is n't really what I got on my head . It comes out much lighter on me . But the shade I get is beautiful and works well with my skin tones so I am quite happy . I would totally recommend this product .
 I received a small tube of this when speaking at a nurse 's conference ; it was a giveaway from the nurse-organizer to the nurses present , and I remember thinking `` what a wonderful freebie '' -LRB- sarcastically . -RRB- When I got around to trying it that changed to `` A ha ! '' and I contacted the source to find out where to get it , thinking it was an insider product . Well , it 's not especially but it is difficult to find . Amazon has this large economy-size , and apparently Walgreens carries the smaller 4-oz size -LRB- we do n't have one in town so I have n't checked yet . -RRB- It 's moisturizing and protecting but not greasy at all . Skin feels like I have on a microscopic , perfectly-sized latex glove . It washes right off . It 's very different from any other product I 've tried , and I personally really like it .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 I love this stuff ! It gets me thru to my next hair color as I am VERY anal about roots ! The mascara wand is very nice to help blend if not so perfect color matching.Tip
 This is a very good product . It is mascara for your roots . It washes out and the customized colors blend nicely with the rest of your hair . When you ca n't get to the salon or do n't have time to touch up your color at home , try this . It works !
 I 've beern using this product for about three years . It 's expensive but you use little and it does do a wonderful job . At my age I feel I deserve it .
 A Friend introduced me to this product , and I have been hooked ever since.The sunscreen action is wondeful , and it has a light , pleasent smell.Other tanning products are heavy and greasy . . not this . This is usually only sold at the shore near me , so I was happy when I saw it offered here at Amazon ... thanks
 I tan somewhat easily once I have a base but tend to burn often at the beginning of the summer . Since I have been using this product I did not burn once and kept a great tan all year . We have purchased other Ocean Potion products and have loved them all .
 Since I have been using Ocean Potion , I have not burned ! Turns into a beautiful tan ! My husband uses it on his bald head everyday and it not only protects it from burning , his scaly scalp has healed up ! Ocean Potion rocks !
 Wonderful shower gel which I use just before leaving the shower . Great scent .
 This is for any guy that has no idea what products to use ! It makes it so easy to clean up , I 'd recommend this for everyone ! Basic stuff like cleanser and shampoo , but it 's really convenient to be able to buy this all together in a package .
 I have moderately wavy hair that blow-dries straight , and this mousse is great for when I want to enhance the waves . I just work a little through my damp hair and scrunch it , and it holds waves pretty well . I 've had one product that worked absolutely perfectly - CitreShine mousse - that I found in London , but I was unable to find it anymore and so I bought this . It 's not perfect -LRB- hair will fall flatter after a period -RRB- , but I 've tried a lot of similar products and I really like this one .
 I have been using this mousse for over 10 years . It 's hard to find in my area now , so I buy it on Amazon . It does n't leave my hair crunch feeling . It 's soft and not frizzy . Love it !
 I used to straighten my hair every day until I noticed how dead my hair was and how lifeless my natural curls were . I started leaving it curly again , but it obviously was n't the same as it was pre-straightening . I picked up this moussee and it makes my hair look amazing ! It does n't have a crunchy feel , but holds my curls and makes them look gorgeous . I use it with Redken 's Ringlet and Garnier 's Curl Cream/Gel .
 Love this perfume . It has a unique smell between flowery and spice . The problem is it is so hard to find ! I hope they do n't stop making it ! I like to have a big bottle for home and a medium size for travel .
 Ca n't believe the price and with no shipping charges and the timeliness of the order . I will be ordering more soon . Thank you
 This is absolutely the best hairspray on earth . Will not make your head itch , will not dry out your hair and smells like a hairspray should ... . Please bring it back . Check . I 'm not the only person to ask this
 I bought my first eyebrow pencil when I was 13 , because I had bleached out my brows by swimming all summer . As I aged my brows have always stayed lighter than my hair . This is one pencil that goes with my hair color , no matter what shade it is that month ... and always looks good . No smears or bleeding like the cheaper products . I travel a lot and keep one in my purse , and one in my makeup kit as well as one at home . When you have used all the other brands like I have , you can say honestly that this is the BEST brow pencil out there . Seldom needs sharpening and is perfectly balanced in your hand . GENIUS product .
 Very simple to use ; not sure if it works yet because it takes a good while to regrow hair . I will be ordering another box though so that I can continue with applications .
 I 'm on my 3rd trimester and unlucky to have so much stretch marks on my belly . I use this oil whenever I feel itchy and for me it helps by massaging the oil on my belly . I 'm just not a great fan of cocoa butter smell . .
 This really worked for me and is still working on my stretch marks now 10 months post-partum . I use it along with the cream after every shower , I massage the oil in first then the cream . I suggest both but I never tried only the oil by itself , I do believe the oil is the most essential part of my routine though . I really suggest trying it . I excitedly had to review this product because I only realized it worked a few months ago when I started using it again on the ones that had n't fading and now they 're fading !
 had forgotten how good this product is from my teen years . Now much later , I found it and used it and received the highest results probably possible . Had very dry skin and applied this directly after showering . Wow ! Whata difference a few weeks has made .
 Absorption is very fast , a little smear look completely absorbed.The taste is very suitable.my wife love it.I also helped another friend also bought . as a gift .
 This oil has prevented my legs from itching ! It really helps that it comes out as a spray so I do not have to spread it on my hands first ! I will continue to buy this !
 I went through a bottle of the oil and 3 bottles of the cocoa butter lotion during my first pregnancy from 5 months on . I applied at least 3-4 times a day and did n't get stretch marks . Well I got 2 tiny ones that are nearly invisible , so they do n't count . I 'm pregnant again and starting to get the ichies again . I 'm dying to get my hands on this oil again . My Walgreens does n't have it .
 i love this product , being 31 weeks pregnant i am lazy and using the spray is the best and not only is it easy it really works , all my itching stops . i carry it everywhere just in case i get the urge to itch ... thank u. and it is cheap : -RRB-
 I loved this spray . I use it all over and you can even spray your back . I did n't realize it was for pregnancy . Lol :
 I like this . It made my dry elbows super soft and even worked on my boyfriend . It does n't have a harsh smell which I like and it soaks in relatively fast . Do n't let the &#34; Associated with pregnancy &#34; theme turn you off of this product - it 's great for anyone .
 Bought this to use for stretch marks after having baby . This has helped reduce the appearance of them and along with using Eucerin lotion , provides an extra layer of moisturizing protection for the winter months .
 This helps to reach the dry patches on your back during the winter months and helps to calm the dry skin , but with regards to pregnancy-related stretch marks , after about 2 weeks of consistent use in combination with the massage cream , I have n't noticed a significant reduction in stretch mark appearance ... will keep trying though .
 This is my third baby , and my belly is stretched to the max . This soothing oil is like magic in a bottle , I put it on every morning , and every night ... and if I have time , I also put it on at lunch . My skin feels amazing , and no longer itches ! I could not be happier !
 I use Palmer 's Cocoa Butter lotion but wanted something a bit lighter to use intermittently . I absolutely love this product and find the spray to be very convenient !
 Ships so fast I can not believe it . I love ordering this way . No time in stores just pick up at my doorstep .
 Very soothing product for the pregnant itching tummy ! works wonderful for pregnancy massages too . For those of you who do not like the sensation of cream in your skin , this is great because it gets absorbed quickly and you can use it after showering and dress quickly afterwards .
 I really like it , it hidratates a lot and also smells so good , i bought it and i have had and excellent expirience .
 The product arrived promptly and was neatly packaged . I really like this it keeps my skin soft and supple , it smells great and I am almost at my due date and there are no stretch marks and I have no irritating itching ! It is also winter now and most other moisturisers do not hold up , my skin dries up but the Palmers just keeps on going . Happy customer !
 I have Itchy Dry Skin not just during the cool weather months . I have itchy dry skin year round . I tried Palmer 's Itchy Dry Skin Soothing Oil and after using it twice a day for a few weeks my skin feels better . This oil not only soothed my skin it smells great too !
 With my first I was using the palmer 's coco butter religiously , I STILL got stretchmarks . With my second I switched from the coco butter to the oil , I did n't get a single new stretch mark , I loved this stuff every time my belly got a little itchy i just put this on and the itchy lessened it REALLY worked .
 Palmers Cocoa Butter relieved the itchiness and soothed my skin the moment I applied it to my skin . I was glad to finally find a product that actually worked as described . The pump makes it easier to apply to the skin . I will continue using this product . I highly recommend it to anyone who suffers from dry , itchy skin .
 I actually used this product while preggos and my skin had never felt so smooth and moisturized . I would put it on after a shower everyday and did not get one stretch mark it was so fabulous ! The only thing that sucked was in my 6th month I started to have an allergic reaction to it and my stomach broke out in a rash , I dont think it was Palmers fault womens bodies start to naturally change while pregnant and I just had a tolerence to it unfortunately but I definitely would suggest this product to everyone nonetheless . It was quite affordable as well .
 I love this spray on cocoa butter , it 's very hassle free ! The oil comes out in a mist and leaves my body feeling moisturized and soft ; it is a lot less messy than lotion . I do wish this product came in a bigger size but it is good for the sale price .
 the product done exactly what I expected
 This product is very good , genuine goods at a fair price , use rise very comfortable , especially suitable for pregnant women , but also itching , with a good effect . Worth having .
 Almost 5 stars . I do n't think it really firms , and it 's not advertised well enough that it 's for pregnant women . None the less , I prefer it to body lotions , which are messy and awkward . And as someone with very sensitive skin , I had no rash problems . In fact , I trust the Palmer 's brand a lot , which means something because I 'm extremely acne prone and just about everything irritates my skin . This stuff is fine for me .
 The product was exactly what I expected at an excellent price . Shipping was pretty fast , also .
 I purchased this cologne for my husband as a christmas gift . I bought it at a prefume store in the mall after selecting an Escada perfume for myself . While I was smelling a sample , a few women around me smelled the scent in the air and wanted to sample as well . Three of us ended up purchasing the same cologne for our husbands . I love the way it smells on him . It 's not too strong and it 's not too light , which is a great thing . When he wears it , I love being beside him and smelling the wonderful scent :-RRB- Very sexy . The bottle it comes in is a nice shape & color .
 I LOVE this product . I never used shine products before because my hair is very fine and usually shine-enhancing products weigh my hair down and make it look oily . But not this one ! I decided to try it after seeing such good reviews on other websites saying that it does not weigh hair down . I 'm so glad I bought it ! It 's expensive , but you only use a little each time , so it lasts a while.It has a super sweet scent , almost sugary , which I love , but if you do n't like sweet scents , you wo n't like this one . I only wish the scent stayed on my hair.Once you spray it on your hair , you will immediately see how shiny and sparkly your hair is . Even my boyfriend noticed , asking if I got my hair highlighted again because it makes natural and artifical highlights SPARKLE . It 's so nice . It 's a wonderful indulgence .
 Five stars for the idea . Three for the product itself ... see below.For those among us who have not yet found the right make-up , a 5 dollar sampler is worth it.Now , the product itself ... apparently youngblood is one of the more popular of many many new faces on the mineral make-up market . I was not disappointed by the colors or the coverage . If applied properly -LRB- and it might take some practice ! -RRB- minerals can be a great thing.However after a little research online , I found one thing that might make a difference for some gals . Many mineral makeups have an ingredient called bismuth oxychloride -- it is a biproduct of lead refining , and it 's a cost-cutting filler in makeup that makes it seem luminous . Because of it 's structure it has to forced into the pores -LRB- the buffing technique ! -RRB- . For some gals , this might not be a problem . But for others it can actually break you out if your body 's chemistry rejects it . This can be a real blow to those who are looking for mineral makeup to solve their congested skin issues.So , I requested samples -LRB- very reasonably priced -RRB- from a little shop in Hilton Head , SC called aromaleigh . They do not include this ingredient . Their website www.aromaleigh.com goes into more detail about all this . And their samples are the cheapest I have seen . They have a range of colors that goes beyond warm/cool/neutral . They also included free samples of other things , too!I have seen other sites including www.beautyblisscosmetics.com , etc. that sell minerals w/o bismuth . Just do some research for yourself , you owe it to your skin -- especially you sensitive ones :-RRB- And mineral make-up samples from anybody last for a long time -- definitely over a week ...
 First of all , let me say that they got this item to me really , really quickly -LRB- 2 business days -RRB- , especially considering that I am in MI and the item came from southern CA . My only complaint is that the bags that the samples come in are really , really small -LRB- around 2.5 x1 .5 in -RRB- and they were n't anywhere near as full as in the pictures . I estimate that each bag contained around 1/4 tsp of powder , maybe less ... not very much to work with . Another thing is , if you look at the choices in colors , there are 16 of them . They group the samples as `` light to medium '' , `` medium to dark '' and `` dark '' . Since they have 16 shades in all , I expected to receive more than 4 different colors when I chose `` light to medium '' , but I guess that 's my fault since the picture only shows 6 bags , which includes the blush and the rice powder . I 'm just wondering if maybe there is a color in there that might have suited me more , but was not included in the sample . -LRB- Incidentally , if you search `` youngblood sampler '' , there is another item worth $ 6.50 which is listed . Looks like the same item , except that the colors that are included in the sampler are enumerated . -RRB- Having said all this , I think I will end up buying one of the shades which were included in my sampler since it seems to have blended into my skin pretty well ! The powder itself is just really fine , smooth and silky . I just hope I will love it when I actually have enough powder to cover my face with ! Will just add a comment when I receive and use the full size !
 This sampling gives a pretty good idea of the products . There were some extras included that I was n't expecting -LRB- rice powder and blush -RRB- , but I thought the color choices for the foundations did n't give enough range . I found most of them too dark for my light skin and I know the brand has better colors .
 very helpful to see the actual shades of the make-up and powders before committing to the full size . The only thing is that some of the shades of the liquid mineral are not in the sampler packs , there is a description of conmplimentary shades but I 'm still between two shades , not sure which one would be best .
 not only did this item arrive quickly but it was at a terrific discounted price . wow ! my mother has wanted this chanel body lotion for a bit of time but has hesitated because it is such a luxury item . got her this for christmas . ca n't wait for her surprise .
 This is my `` go to '' after gym fragrance . The longevity it absolutly horrible , but the scent is awesome while it lasts . For around $ 25 you ca n't go wrong when you need something to make you smell great for a short period of time .
 Live Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT SprayLive Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT SprayLive Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT SprayLive Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT SprayLive Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT SprayLive Jazz for Men by Yves St.Laurent 3.3 100ml EDT Spray
 Bought this cologne , scent unknown . I like the scent , although not quite what I was expecting . It is a strong , sweet yet peppery scent . Smells quite good . But , once you have it on , it will wear off within a couples of hours . I like the ones that last all day .
 Excellent product . Almost reasonable price . I use it and enjoy at least for the last ten years . My favorite after shawing spray .
 LIVE JAZZ by Yves Saint Laurent Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 oz for MenI have been using this for years . I still get compliments on how good it smells .
 Live Jazz is a wonderfully sparkling green and fresh citrus with hints of mint . Absolutely refreshing and uplifting during humid and hot weather . A great find for me , I will always have a bottle in my wardrobe .
 great fragance for summer and high humidity , good projection and long lasting -LRB- not like Rive Gauche but is good -RRB- smell like mint and coriander and some of vanilla but in good form . . not sweet . . put your eyes on this line ... THIS FRAGANCE IS NOT AQUATIC OR CITRIC , if you want some aquatic , forget it !
 I have been using this cologne since 1999 and i still love it to this day.Highly recommend .
 I bought this scent at the beginning of the summer , and I was happy I did . It is a minty/citrusy scent . It is an invigorating scent that is sure to pique the interest of any nose . Live Jazz is definitely a perfect scent for the summer .
 The larger of the two combs is excellent for general combing . Hardly any hair comes out on the comb , which I still marvel at . I have no idea why this is , but it certainly makes me happy.The smaller comb is great for in the shower , if you 're a curly girl like me , and removing tangles or distributing conditioner with your fingers just is n't doing it.These are just super combs . I do n't know why , I do n't know how . They just are . I wish this company made a fine-toothed rat-tail comb for styling , as I 'd buy that , too .
 I have lots of fine hair that gets easily tangled -LRB- is is wavy and down to my mid back -RRB- so a wide tooth comb is perfect . Why do I love this one ? Well , first of all there are actually two . One is perfect for traveling -LRB- did they cut the holes out of it to make it lighter for backing packing ? I 'm not sure , but it works for me ! -RRB- , and the other the usual sized comb . They are strong and easy to hold . The wide grip is actually curved a little on both sides which makes it fit very nicely in my palm . I did n't even know how nice of a feature this was until I got these . They keep clean and do n't stain , plus there is no dumb logo that will rub off in my hair/hand . The icing on the cake
 fine hair 's dream ! I no longer have half of my hair in the comb instead of in my head !
 There 's no sharp plastic from the manufacturing process . I also like that there 's two so I can keep one in the shower .
 Made from a really durable plastic , smoothed even where the prongs meet the base of the brush . So it doesnt snag my hair . The comb is made to fit your hand so it makes it easy and comfortable to use . I was really happy with this product .
 My hairdresser gave me a small Cricket comb years ago and I love it . I was always afraid of losing it though . Because my hair is so curly , it 's the only thing I can use that does n't pull out my soft curls and turn them to frizz . I was thrilled to find them on Amazon . The plastic is so durable too . My old one looks as good as my new one ! And I wound up liking the bigger one as well . I ca n't recommend these combs enough , especially if you have naturally curly hair that does n't do well with a brush .
 I also have fine hair . Usually when I comb my hair there is always a small snag from the tangles or some shedding because my hair is so fine . Not sure what it is about this comb but my hair has no snag in my tangles . My hair also has less shedding . Wish I could have found this comb years ago .
 The smaller comb is very good for detangling hair after a shampoo . The larger one I use for styling after blow-drying and straightening for a beautiful textured style .
 I just got it this morning and instantly fell in love it . It also came in really fast , I could n't believe it .
 Great prices . The product arrived carefully packaged and on time . I contacted the seller because the amazon website had a delivery date that was inaccurate and since I was taking this perfume with me abroad , I was concerned . The seller replied to my email quickly and gave me the correct information . The perfume arrived on time and everything was perfect with the order . Would do business with them again .
 I recommend this to others I have been wearing this for over 10 years . When I walk down the street or go into a building at work people always stop me asking what is that you wearing ... . You should try this !!! This is a Winner !!!
 I have natural curly hair and this help to separate the curl so it looks great . These are hard to find , so just know when you find one get it.If you girls do big hair the is good to fill in you holes in the back and sides .
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 I frequently get migraines . This eyeliner can survive a full day at work or three naps in one day . I do n't know what went wrong for the folks writing negative reviews but I go out of my way to find Styi Style products .
 Please ignore other review ... Styli-Style products truly last andmore than live up to their claims.I have oily skin , Styli-Style stays on . All day , all night.I like to apply my make-up once and then forget about it . I do n't wantto have to take out a mirror and check my lips after I eat , ormy eyelids at the end of the day for eyeliner in the creases.With Styli-Style I do n't have to.I have Lupus . Styli-Style does n't irritate my skin . No rashes , no burning ... no watery eyes.They have a wide variety of colors and formulas , so you can have fun.Best of all ... they last FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!
 I ca n't believe the difference after two treatments . My hairdresser cautioned not to use this daily . She loaded me up with Phyto 7 and styling product at the salon . It did feel rather greasy that day . Today after shampooing and creme rinsing , I rubbed a smaller than pea-sized dab in my palms and massaged it through towel-dried hair , then spritzed with styling product and blow dried . My hair went from straw dry and brassy at summer 's end -LRB- color treated -RRB- to smooth , silky , yet full of body ; even the brassiness is toned back down into a shine . When I came out of the bathroom , my husband said I looked pretty . After picking myself up off the floor , I vowed to use Phyto 7 every other shampoo or more frequently during the dry winter months . I ca n't stop touching my hair!This seems to be one of those `` a little goes a long way '' products - you need much less than you think and the key is to massage it primarily into the ends and middle sections of the hair , leaving any last remaining vestiges for closer to the scalp . The product is somewhat pricey but with each application being about half the size of a pea , it should last quite some time .
 This is the best lotion ever ! It would be hard for me to believe this having never tried it - trust me . It 's worth the cost and a little bit goes a long way !
 Have been using this product for 2 years . Get my highlights done once a year at the Salon and then touch up the roots and paint in the Satin color to blend in regrowth and the few gray 's I find . I live by the beach and color goes brassy really quick.This color lasts a lot longer -LRB- I have used 10 and 20 volume -RRB- then any other color I have tried and I am in the sun and ocean almost daily . It leaves my hair shiny and soft not like colored hair at all . Does n't go brassy either . The tube lasts me for 3 applications and I have long hair . Great looking color that looks natural and leaves my hair feeling soft and healthy .
 I have tried many different hair colors , and I find this to be the best . I would estimate that I have about 15 % gray hair and this covers it beautifully . I get great color with little brassy-ness . It lasts a good 4-6 weeks . When a few gray hairs show again , I treat the roots with my natural color and a 20 developer for 35 minutes , comb through the rest of my hair and wait 10 minutes , then wash out .
 you need to try this hair color and deveopler from SATIN you will love the way it makes your hair feel and behave.first is like a super conditoner then it makes you feel so silky bmy boyfriend love to play with my hair !!!!!
 Five stars for the idea . Three for the product itself ... see below.For those among us who have not yet found the right make-up , a 5 dollar sampler is worth it.Now , the product itself ... apparently youngblood is one of the more popular of many many new faces on the mineral make-up market . I was not disappointed by the colors or the coverage . If applied properly -LRB- and it might take some practice ! -RRB- minerals can be a great thing.However after a little research online , I found one thing that might make a difference for some gals . Many mineral makeups have an ingredient called bismuth oxychloride -- it is a biproduct of lead refining , and it 's a cost-cutting filler in makeup that makes it seem luminous . Because of it 's structure it has to forced into the pores -LRB- the buffing technique ! -RRB- . For some gals , this might not be a problem . But for others it can actually break you out if your body 's chemistry rejects it . This can be a real blow to those who are looking for mineral makeup to solve their congested skin issues.So , I requested samples -LRB- very reasonably priced -RRB- from a little shop in Hilton Head , SC called aromaleigh . They do not include this ingredient . Their website www.aromaleigh.com goes into more detail about all this . And their samples are the cheapest I have seen . They have a range of colors that goes beyond warm/cool/neutral . They also included free samples of other things , too!I have seen other sites including www.beautyblisscosmetics.com , etc. that sell minerals w/o bismuth . Just do some research for yourself , you owe it to your skin -- especially you sensitive ones :-RRB- And mineral make-up samples from anybody last for a long time -- definitely over a week ...
 First of all , let me say that they got this item to me really , really quickly -LRB- 2 business days -RRB- , especially considering that I am in MI and the item came from southern CA . My only complaint is that the bags that the samples come in are really , really small -LRB- around 2.5 x1 .5 in -RRB- and they were n't anywhere near as full as in the pictures . I estimate that each bag contained around 1/4 tsp of powder , maybe less ... not very much to work with . Another thing is , if you look at the choices in colors , there are 16 of them . They group the samples as `` light to medium '' , `` medium to dark '' and `` dark '' . Since they have 16 shades in all , I expected to receive more than 4 different colors when I chose `` light to medium '' , but I guess that 's my fault since the picture only shows 6 bags , which includes the blush and the rice powder . I 'm just wondering if maybe there is a color in there that might have suited me more , but was not included in the sample . -LRB- Incidentally , if you search `` youngblood sampler '' , there is another item worth $ 6.50 which is listed . Looks like the same item , except that the colors that are included in the sampler are enumerated . -RRB- Having said all this , I think I will end up buying one of the shades which were included in my sampler since it seems to have blended into my skin pretty well ! The powder itself is just really fine , smooth and silky . I just hope I will love it when I actually have enough powder to cover my face with ! Will just add a comment when I receive and use the full size !
 This sampling gives a pretty good idea of the products . There were some extras included that I was n't expecting -LRB- rice powder and blush -RRB- , but I thought the color choices for the foundations did n't give enough range . I found most of them too dark for my light skin and I know the brand has better colors .
 very helpful to see the actual shades of the make-up and powders before committing to the full size . The only thing is that some of the shades of the liquid mineral are not in the sampler packs , there is a description of conmplimentary shades but I 'm still between two shades , not sure which one would be best .
 As you might guess from the lemongrass-bergamot description , this shampoo smells quite a bit like Earl Grey tea with lemon . If you like that combination , you 'll probably like this shampoo .
 I have sallow complection which has always bothered me very much because I look sickly.I am always looking for something that will help to give me a healthy glow I so desperately need . This product , not only gives me that glow , but it also illuminates and brightens my face ! I really like it , and use it every single day before leaving my house . I am so pleased , that I will be be trying on the primer foundation for a longer lasting look . Very pleased with the quality of Laura Gellar Blush-N-Brighten . Recommended .
 I am giving this as a gift . I do n't know much about the item itself , but sure it is good . I received this item as date promised which is a relief this time of year . I do n't think a person can go wrong by doing business with Amazon as they seem to associate themselves with top notch companies that not only handle quality materials , but also keep good stock.With this kind of report I will be doing business with them in the future .
 Soap has a nice clean scent . Suds up great on a `` poof '' . Good for sensitive skin . Can be a bit drying to skin so always follow with a good moisturizing lotion . I recommend any of the Seacret body lotions .
 I have oily and sensitive skin - this soap is the only soap that does not overly dry my skin . Great price and fast shipping .
 The plant conditioner for hair loss has been a big help to my hair . I use it after I use the color change shampoo . I use it with a little heat and it makes my tresses soft and I 'm finding that my hair is feeling stronger .
 When I worked at a local Aeronautical firm they used these cleaners . I loved them so much I purchased some . They will remove anything . They never fail to take off anything you might get on your hands . Highly recommend .
 It 's easy to find the clear gel , but harder to find the tinted one . I use this on my eyebrows to make each hair darker and more natural looking .
 I have always liked this one . The spicy fragnance is just a kill for the price .
 I had this may be 20 years ago and scent just same . Made in France in sealed box . Bought from AAAperfume and will buy 2 more .
 I like the perfume smell , and use the perfume since 1990 's , the onl ; y problem is hard to get in Asia region
 A fine product , very attracting smell , every one will like without any doubt and best for the price .
 This is one of my best perfumes . It is very strong and lasts all day . Some people do n't like the strong scent but for me the smell and the long lasting combination make it an ideal one.I usually wear it to work on a daily basis .
 If you 're interested in trying this , get ready for a super DRY scent ! Look at the notes
 I have been using Open by Roger et Gallet for at least 25 years and I keep getting compliments regularly . I was so happy to find the product on Amazon.com since it has been quite difficult to find it in stores lately.The scent is not overwhelming and lasts all day . I recommend It to any man that wants a discreet cologne with lots of class .
 I purchased Open because I heard it was similar to the smell of Dial Gold Soap.It is the closest thing I 've ever found to Dial Gold . For the price , anyone that enjoys the scent of Dial Gold would do well with this in their wardrobe . It will last a lifetime and I wear it around the house often .
 I like the aroma of this perfume , have sense of specific smell , i use it since 1995 , can not find in Asian region market
 Lightning fast delivery . Great fragrance you will use in the office and when going to a party . The price is really low for this exquisite EdT . Very satisfied .
 I love this product . It is very easy to use , it comes packaged in little glass vials , which always make me feel like I am giving myself a salon treatment at home ! Which is the genuine result . I used this product on vacation when my coloured hair was particularly dry and brittle . Although after I dried and styled my hair it appeared somewhat shiny , I was not altogether impressed with the result . However the next time I washed my hair there was a noticeable diffrence in the texture and condition of my dry hair . I later used it when colouring my hair -LRB- directions come with product -RRB- , and it dramatically improved the result of the colour . My hair was really really shiny and looked so much healthier , the just coloured look has also lasted much longer than usual .
 If you have dry and curly hair or just curly hair , this shampoo and conditioner are amazing . Your hair will be soft and easy to manage after using it . You need only use a little bit of conditioner , so it lasts a long time and does better job than any other conditioner I 've ever used . -LRB- It 's not heavy and does n't have a build up . -RRB- Because the products are concentrated , a little bit goes a long way . You wo n't want to use anything else after trying this .
 I bought this stuff after a bad relaxer job , my hair was so weak and starting to fall out -LRB- from the areas were the stylist left it on too long -RRB- . Thankfully after using this only one patch of hair -LRB- in an area you could n't see -RRB- fell out , the rest of my hair stayed in place and this stuff made my hair so soft and smooth , I have curly hair which is very prone to frizzing and this stuff really gave my hair what it needed . I recommend this to anyone ! :-RRB- Totally worth the cost .
 This is by far the best shampoo ever ! The hair stylist who has been working on me for a long time recommends this product . I lose the least amount of hair if I use 911 shampoo vs other brands -LRB- maybe 3 to 4 hair for each wash and my hair is very long -RRB- . It also smells so good , too.I highly recommend this product !
 Hayashi Shampoo is wonderful . Hair feels smooth and clean after using it . It smells wonderful , too . Easy to order through Amazon ; the package arrived right on time .
 FAST DELIVERY ! I originally purchased this soap in Tahiti and after my supply began to decrease , I was kicking myself for notbuying more . I notice that the soap is not available right now ... Please order more ! The soap lathers welland the smell is incredible , it reminds me of the islands . Mahalo nui loa !
 This is a collectors CD !!!!!! It is not `` Scunci Croco Leather Hdbd - 1 Pack '' , nor should it be listed in the beauty department.For those wanting an actual review : This is a collectors CD . If you 're buying for music , get Forty Licks instead . Forty Licks is the only Rolling Stones CD with songs from the 60 's AND songs from the 70 's , 80 's and beyond . Their old manager got them to sign a very bad contract giving him ownership of all their music up through 1970 -LRB- plus two songs from the 1971 album Sticky Fingers -RRB- . Needless to say he and the Stones do n't get along too well , so all compilation albums are either pre-1971 or post-1970 , except in 2002 they mended fences a bit and released 40 licks , which has their hits from both eras.Update
 Recieved the item in a good time frame the perfume is a soft floral pleasant more of a day wearnot an evening wear its a clean soft pleasant smell reminded me of a walk through a clean crispmeadow .
 Really nice scent
 I 'm rating this high because the soap is so good . It 's fresh scented , organic , and rinses clean . I really wanted the pump because the soap does n't last all that long . I refilled the bottle with a mixture of 8 to 1 organic hand soap and it worked quite well ... for awhile.After a few months , the pump sticks in the down position and you have to pull it up manually . Then it eventually just gives up.I took it apart to clean it and that worked once , but it 's complex and has thin films that clog up . If you get dust in the bottle or your water is hard when you refill , the pump wo n't last long.It 's an expensive way to buy soap because it 's mostly water , and it 's far cheaper to buy a big jug of soap and refill a pump like this with an 8 to 1 or even 10 or 12 to 1 ratio of water to soap . It 'll work just like the factory original.But if you do n't use soap up quickly , the foamed soap is great and you 'll love this .
 This is a wonderful smelling product - it smells like Earl Grey tea -LRB- bergamot -RRB- and citrus . The bottle is probably the most effective foam soap dispenser that I have tried . It does n't dribble like some . I would recommend this scent and brandname to everyone .
 Oh , this stuff just fills the senses when you squirt some out . I bought the Lavender and Grapefruit varieties . Mmmm . My daughter loves the Grapefruit and I keep the Lavender in the kitchen and bar for handwashing . The Lavender is absolutely delightful . It is more sensory than the lavender dish soaps by a order of magnitude .
 This stuff is great ! I love that it is mostly organic and the foaming aspect is cool . We have one at every sink in the house and have for at least a year now . I would never go back to regular hand soaps !
 This foaming soap is wonderful . A simple push on the top of the bottle dispenses a white foamy mass of soap that feels good , has a delightful , subtle grapefruit odor , cleans well , and washes off easily . It is so good that I have been using it not only as a hand and soap , but also as a shaving cream . Its not as thick as normal shaving lather , but the bergamot oil evidently does wonders lubricating the face -LRB- even though there is not a hint of blatant oiliness -RRB- . I have purchased multiples of this product to use as gifts for loved ones . It 's a gift that keeps on giving.Harvey Leff
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 First of all , the shipping is through DHL and arrived within 5 days.I love the scent of Flower , but this Parfum version is a little bit stronger than I expected , which makes it lose the sense of elegance and the beauty of aloofness that regular EDP or EDT feels like . And it does n't last that long either .
 Bought as a gift for a good friend and she loves it tremendously . I would recommend this fragrance to all who are looking for something different .
 Nothing smells as soft and beautiful as this . Children even tell me I smell good . Compliment after Compliment has left me one choice .
 this can be a good gift for friends but , the bottle is not like the one in picture , but overall it ok .
 This sent is fabulous , it last all day long no need to keep reapplying . It is an intoxicating sent that follows you everywhere and oh it 's so good .
 I used the product freeze , worked great . I have white/silver hair , but have a problem with products causing yellowing so I bought the shampoo , condition , gel and this hair spray to prevent the yellowing . I ordered the hair spray even though I was pretty sure it was n't going to work as well as my older one . But I was wrong it works great , now no yellowing and it stays in place . . Great product ...
 I got this product for free with another purchase and I like to use it when I need a little hold but not stiff . My husband has baby fine hair and this gives him the volume he needs and a texturized look as well . I also love the tact that its made for gray hair or blonde tinted hair -LRB- keeps it from looking brassy -RRB- .
 Received exactly what I ordered and expected . Excellent product and does what is says it does . There are very few to no other products that do what this does .
 This is my favorite lotion and I can not get it anywhere near where I live . It has the most wonderful smell and it is not greasy or pasty at all . I love this lotion and every time I put it on I get compliments about the wonderful aroma !
 This is the cream they use in nail salons and I love cranberry I have 3 bottles all over the house smells so good !!!!
 The packaging was great ! The scent is just ok . Not a clean smell and not a moisturizing lotion like I had hoped .
 I finally found this product again , love it and smell wonderful and keeps the fragance till the end I had one for over 1 year and still the smell and soft feeling lotion is great . I even got afew of my friends hooked on these product . Love it !!!!
 This perfum is intoxicating and romantic . Has a crisp clean scent with exotic and amber mixed in.I love the perfum and my purchase was smooth sailing . Unfortunately my vial broke and the perfume went everywhere the next day but now evertime i open my purse i have this wonderful smell.When i get around to purchasing again i will use amazon
 I 've never been a perfume girl . Most scents smelled too super-sweet , or poisonous , or old-ladyish , and I never found one that I liked the smell of enough to want to spend money on it . But I got this one randomly as a sample one day , and almost immediately ordered the bottle . It 's gorgeous -- powdery , which almost put me off , but warm at the same time . It 's not super sweet , and the heart of the scent does n't last for enormously long , but I like the way the base will very quietly linger in my clothing all day . It 's my first perfume , in a way , and I 'm glad to have encountered it .
 Product is exactly like product description , shiping , packing ... all was exellentI recomended this .
 Regalo realizado a mi madre , perfume descontinuado en gran parte de sudamerica , de gran prestigio . Perdura la fragancia . Recomendada a los qeu conocen dicha marca de perfume
 The product was in perfect form and your delivery was accurate and speedy . Thank you for your excellent service . When I need more Diva , I now know where to turn . Can you get the Diva shower gel ? I have n't been able to locate it , but I 've seen it on the Ungaro web site , so I know it exists . Unfortunately , you ca n't order directly from that web site . Thanks again and have a good day . -- Beth : -RRB-
 Je suis alle a Paris beaucoup d'annees longtemps . J'ai trouve un magazin de parfum , et , en mon francais tres pauvre , j' ai demande un parfum tres francais pour mon epouse , et ce parfum est l'un que la jeune fille a recommande .
 I bought this for my mother as a Mothers Day present . She loved it so much I bought her two more . Great price for such a superb product .
 I have been using this for many years and I always receive comments on it wheh I wear it . It is not too ` flowery ' or too sweet it has a sophisticated just right fragrence .
 I breezed by a woman in the airport and had to ask her what she was wearing . Very nice , but ... just a single tiny spritz on your wrists . Too strong for me up by my neck where I usually place my perfume . Have had lots of compliments from both genders and inquiries as to name of pefume .
 I have been wearing Diva by Ungaro for many years and have always received many compliments ... I love this perfume and am delighted with this purchase , delivered in the time promised with a nice note from the store . So glad to have a full bottle of this perfume again !
 I am so pleased to have found Diva , my Eau De Perfume for many , many years in Amazon . I tried many times before to find it in dept. stores with no luck . In addition , the fact that now Amazon sells it directly to you not through a second vendor is one more reason to get it here and quick with Prime . I am a happy deliciously -LRB- Diva -RRB- perfumed customer ! Sonia Benavides
 Fragrance is so personal , that one person 's review is just that . This is a warm , sensual , bury your nose into your clothes , yet not overpowering . i bought two already so I do n't run out .
 My wife loves this perfume . Long lasting , but not overpowering . She likes the fragrance and I do too . I highly recommend it .
 This scent is only for divas !! It is heady and believe me , you will be noticed !! However , it can overwhelm any one if you over spray it , so use it sparingly!Enjoy this beautiful scent !
 This stuff is amazing . It 's perfect for spraying before you use curling irons , hot rollers , or flat irons . Everyone always asks me how I get my curl to last so long , and this is the trick . It also does n't make your hair crunchy or sticky . I have fairly long hair and this is perfect . I only wish it were easier to find in stores !
 I have very thick wavy hair . I have to straighten my hair every day . I was looking for a good thermal barrier that would help control the little fly away hairs I would get . Boy did this product deliver ! I spray this on my hair before drying and it works wonderful!I use this doubled with a lotion barrier and my fly away hairs have gone away .
 I was very skeptical but It REALLY does work . Protects hair and also holds style great !! I will buy again !!!
 I use this before setting my hair and it adds a nice hold . Definitly gives you more control and hold without being sticky .
 Have long , fine hair ... & am now using this with my hot rollers ... The Redken product made my hair positively CRUNCHY . . -LRB- Tossed it out ! -RRB- . . This bottle is pretty small for someone with long hair , but got ta have something . It keeps the curls pretty well and adds some shine . Will keep using till I find something better ...
 This is the best hot curler setting spray I have ever used . Shine , shine and shine . Not heavy on the curls like some oilier products . This is the best !
 This is a lovely gift my husband got me for my birthday.I love it , and him .
 I originally purchased this makeup because I was having a horrible time with breakouts and had some important events coming up where I wanted to cover the blemishes . The reason I tried this one was because it was the dead of summer and we were having 90 + degree heatwaves with humidity and I needed something sweat proof . And boy is this stuff exactly that ! I used it in combination with the TLC pressed powder and my face looked exactly the same at the end of the night as it did when I first applied the makeup . I continue to use it a few days a week for my shifts as a waitress and it stays put through nights filled with lots of physical activity . The other girls are `` glistening '' while my makeup has stayed perfect . : -RRB- As another reviewer mentioned , this does not allow your skin to breathe and is very difficult to remove with just soap and water . In fact , it wo n't even come off your hands completely with just soap and water after application ! I found that Ponds makeup remover cloths work wonders . I use the ones that are slightly textured and it usually takes 2 of them to get it off but between those and a quick wash with my regular cleanser and I 'm confident the makeup is all off . In fact , I have what I consider to be `` problem skin '' and wear this makeup 2-3 days a week and with my makeup removal regime , it has not caused an increase in breakouts .
 5 stars are not enough ! I recently ordered a few different &#34; lasting &#34; foundations to try out and found the price for the Almay TLC in Ivory was too good to pass up . I figured I could blend it with a darker shade if it was too light for me . It turns out I have found the best concealer/cover-up that I have ever used . I have normal to oily skin and usually wear a light to medium beige foundation . Dark spots under and around my eyes are hard to cover up , -LRB- tip to younger women : wear sunglasses and use sunscreen around eyes - I wish I had . -RRB- by the afternoon the concealer has usually worn off & my mascara has taken its place ! Now , however , after applying my primer -LRB- with SPF ! -RRB- I dot and blend a little of the Ivory Almay TLC around my eyes before using my foundation . All Day Coverage ... I have not experienced this before . No cakey , heavy appearance and does n't irritate my eyes like other products do as they &#34; melt &#34; away . I even started touching up other dark and/or red spots on my face with this , powder and blush for a fast get-away on my rushed mornings . LOVE THIS PRODUCT .
 I love this foundation . I 've used many expensive foundations and this is by far superior with coverage & it 's non pore clogging properties ! I hope this will be on the shelves forever . Please try this foundation if you have n't !
 I bought this at my drugstore , but it 's too dark for me ; i 'm ivory 01 year round -LRB- I was n't paying attention when I was buying it -RRB- . But apart from that , i love it and it lasts me all day . Perfect for guard competitions !
 el producto es excelente , el color bastante similar a como se ve en la foto ... facil de aplicar con un buen acabado mate y fijacion del color
 the package was quite secure and shipped very quickly . my 90-year old grandmother was floored when her blush was no longer available ... i could n't be happier with this purchase .
 I have tried several different drugstore brands and honestly this stuff rocks . It really does last the 16 hours when I wear it . It goes on pretty smoothly , I think it gives pretty good coverage , and I love the flawless finish.The 2 things I DO N'T like about it are :1 . It 's a little tough to get off with just soap and water , makeup remover might work better . Once this stuff is on , it 's on , LOL .2 . It does tend to break me out after wearing it awhile , I think mostly because it does n't let my skin breathe as much , but since my skin is picky about what I put on it anyway , it may not do that for everyone . I do have to limit how often i wear it for that reason though.That being said , I still think it 's a great foundation , and one I 'd recommend when you need it to stay looking good all day .
 Great makeup for my nearly 50 year old skin . The pump is a nice feature because I do n't contaminate the bottle with germs from my fingers or makeup sponges .
 This is the blush my sister uses and she has n't been able to find it lately ... I was able to find it and include it among her stocking stuffers this year . She loved it !
 I am a revlon colorstay long devoted customer however , wanted to try this from the good reviews and the fact that revlon is not in the pump form and a bit too drying . This is perfect has everthing that is missing from revlon . My shade in revlon was natural beige and this one here -LRB- 240 -RRB- is perfect match . Very satisfied .
 I was given this cream as a gift , and could n't be more pleased with the results it gives my hands . I 'm constantly washing my hands , which makes them dry , and when I use a dab of this nourishing cream , it does exactly that , nourish them and makes them feel so silky , I love that the cream is in a jar , you get to use every single bit of it . I 'm so glad that I 've been introduced to Gilden Tree products , they 're super special !
 I was given Leaf & Rusher as a gift . It included travel sizes of many of their products . The original oil formula actually absorbs into your skin . The effect , of using this for just a couple of days , is that your skin becomes softer . After using all of their products -LSB- except the derma wand -RSB- , my skin is more even . My daughter-in-laws have commented on how pretty my skin is . My skin actually glows . I highly recommend Leaf & Rusher ! I like these products better than Borguesse , SKII -LSB- the one with Cate Blanchett -RSB- , Clinique , Meaningful Beauty -LSB- the one with Cindy Crawford -RSB- , Chanticalle , La Mer , and many more ... This is truly a great product line !
 THIS IS A GOOD PRODUCT . IT ARRIVED ON TIME AND THE PACKAGE WAS IN GOOD SHAPE . I WOULD ORDER FORM THIS COMPANY AGAIN .
 My wife just keeps going on and on about how much she loves this lighted mirror . It is fantastic
 I absolutely loved the fresh , awakening scent of Lavendertherapy . It 's a completely calming , enriching fragrance , perfect for waking you up in the early morning and calming/relaxing you at night . I have tried lots of healing garden products , and , in my opinion , this one is definately the best . It 's also the best lavender product I 've ever tried , out of a lot of different company prodcuts . I have the whole lavendartherapy line -- body scrubs , perfume , lotion , gel , etc -- and it 's all absolutely FANTASTIC !! : - -RRB-
 I absolutely loved the fresh , awakening scent of Lavendertherapy . It is a completely calming , enriching fragrance , perfect for waking you up in the early morning and calming/relaxing you at night . I have tried lots of healing garden products , and , in my opinion , this one is definately the best . It 's also the best lavender product I 've ever tried , out of a lot of different company prodcuts . I have the whole lavendartherapy line -- body scrubs , perfume , lotion , gel , etc -- and it 's all absolutely FANTASTIC !! : - -RRB-
 This is a simple little item that I ca n't live without . I have used these for years and this is my second one of this particular brand . the last one lasted about 5 years with is awesome considering I use it everyday .
 The best part about the Tweezerman brand is their lifetime sharpening guarantee ! All of their products are great quality , and that guarantee just makes it 100x better .
 I do n't know how women use mascara without this invaluable tool.Without it my eye makeup would look like dear , departed Tammy Faye Baker ` sscary eye makeup . Very sweet woman , but her eyes looked like spiders lived on her face.This is compact , perfect to seperate lashes when mascara has just been applied & very easy to clean.In a word - GREAT !
 I do n't wear perfume , was given this lotion as a gift 2 years ago and have not gone a day with out it since then . . I receive comments all the time from males and females both about what a pleasant scent I have on . . . Even my son has commented positively about it .
 Wife loves this little bug . Great for travel . She ordered another one after the first one worked so well ? Highly recommend this little cute efficient animal .
 This is a nice , quiet , lightweight dryer , perfect for travel . It dries quickly for its size . As a former beautician , I was impressed with it . Also my small granddaughter is n't afraid of the noise this dryer makes so I had to get one for her mother to use on her also .
 I bought this item a couple years ago on sale , and it 's actually the best hair dryer I 've had . I have long hair , and use this dryer a couple times a week . It works so fast and is super portable . When it does die out , I 'm buying another one = -RRB-
 I have tried so many makeups for the brows trying to find something like this one . It is the right color and price and I love it .
 I bought this brow powder years ago and started using it as eye shadow . Of all the brown shadows I have ever purchased , this color is the best.I was unable to find it in stores and so elated to find it on Amazon !
 The color matched my hair perfectly . I didnt like the brush , its hard to blend the color in with but other than that I like it way better than a eyebrow pencil .
 This is a perfume that is not for the faint of heart ... its a full bodied scent w/moss and spicy undernotes that accent the Candied Plum top note -LRB- and when I say Candied scent , I 'm talking the expensive imported sweets ... you know . . the ones in the beautiful foil wrappers the taste & smell like heaven . . you get my drift lol -RRB- . More suited for evening , but the daring can wear it in the daytime too . . This has been around since the 80 's and has been one of my favs ... I remember the slogan for this . . ` Poison is my potion ' . . lol hope you enjoy it .
 This product is now discontinued . If the product is a strong white to cream color and is not transparent when held to a light it has gone bad . However , a bottle that is in good , usable condition is a caramel color that is transparent to slightly cloudy and when held to a light can see through the product . Once purchased , it should be stored -LRB- as will all hair care products -RRB- in a cool dry area and away from light when not in use . This will maximize the shelf life of the product .
 This gel has a good smell and tames our son 's unruley hair . A bit pricey so we use it for his Sunday best .
 This product smells like the old favorite , Shulton 's Blue Jeans -LRB- circa the 70 's -RRB- . Maybe not exactly , but as good as my nose can remember .
 If you have n't tried Eternity , please do so . I know everyone has different chemestry so some women may not like how it smells on them , but it smells incredible on my wife ! I keep an eye on her bottle and when I see it getting a little low , I always order her another for a `` just becasue '' gift . The smell out of the bottle is not necessarily what it will be once it mixes with your personal body chemistry , and some folks do n't like the way it smells from the bottle , but do once they put a little on . And , a little goes a long way . Too much , and ... need I say more ? :--RRB- Try it , you 'll love it . And , guys , your lady will love this .
 I got my perfume today and it the real thing . Smells great could n't be happier great price ca n't beat it .
 I have purchased so many perfumes , and I must say this is one of the best ones . Just wan na say - it smells great , and my wife too likes it . The smell persists for long - after all it is not EDT , but it is a Parfum . It is a perfume worth spending money for .
 Well kown fragance in the market . Still keep a good value proposition .
 I would very much recommend this product . It smells wonderful and was a good price . I wish I had tried this product years ago .
 i bought this for my mom as a christmas gift and it is very exspensive but I got it for a great price and was able to get the big bottle which was great because my mom absolutley loves this perfume and has been using it for years !
 Have used this Parfum for decades . Have tried others over the years but this is definetly they one for me .
 I have worn this perfume for over 6 years . It is the only fragrance that is not too flowery or sweet smelling .
 I love this scent and have used it for years . Better price here than anywhere else . I will buy again .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS GREAT PRICE . LOVE THE SMELLITS A GREAT PRODUCT . I LOVE CALVIN KLEINS PRODUCTS
 This is a timeless fresh fragrance . The eau de parfum is great because it is long lasting . Fantastic price on Amazon , so would recommend .
 I am very pleased with the purchase . The price was better than what I would have had to pay normally . It is a product I use all the time .
 Good price ; good company . Sent product quickly and arrived in one piece ! I would recommend doing buisness with this company .
 I have never been much of one for buying perfumes , mostly just the cheap body mists , but I LOVE this perfume . It 's the only perfume I will spend money on , and it 's much cheaper online than it is anywhere else . The packaging was brand new and it was delivered very fast . I will continue to get this perfume from Amazon only . Great product .
 I bought this parfum without ever having tried it . I read other reviews and trusted this parfum would work for me . I 'm very satisfied and would purchase this again .
 I 've bought numerous colognes/perfumes and they never cease to amaze me . I love this fragrance , and I love the price even more . I normally pay 76 dollars at Dillards for this size . I 'm so glad I found it online . Fragrance is great ! I will definitely order from here again .
 This product was a welcomed gift that arrived well packaged . The scent is not overpowering and is a soft floral bouquet that is like a fresh spring day breeze , though the pump spray is generous and needs only a light touch . The sender Perfume4us are courteous and prompt in dealing with , and will gladly remove their company name from the delivery packaging for the surprise gift if you ask them to . Thoroughly recommend.Women 's Eternity by Calvin Klein Eau De Parfum - 3.4 oz .
 This was a gift for a relative and she love it so much.And may be I can order more in the futur .
 Received my perfume on time and very well packaged . Price is good and also the perfume . Would buy from this seller again . I would recommend this fragrance . I use it everyday for work and I always received complements on it -LRB- no word of a lie -RRB- and ask me what perfume I 'm wearing , that 's how good this perfume is . I love it . I wo n't wait to finish the bottle I 'll order again before that happen.Thank you for such of great fragrance -LRB- perfume -RRB- .
 Es una clasica fragancia de ya hace varios a & ntilde ; os , la compre para mi novia y quedo fascinada , recomiendo 100 % este perfume !!
 This was a great price for this product . My wife loved it for her birthday ! Other stores want a lot more for this same item .
 Calvin Klein Eternity great product as usual.One of my favorites . Amazon delivered in timely manner . Will purchase again.Someone always asks what are you wearing ?
 Added this to my collection and it 's one of my favourites . I also have eternity summer and eternity moment as well . Highly recommend this one if you 're looking for a long lasting scent .
 This is definitely one of the better vendors . A + shopping experience ; top quality product . I would recommend them without reservation .
 I had this some time ago think as Xmas present.Better in cooler climate or fall ... plus for evening wear but is very nice . Littlegoes long way.Came in good time , with not even a `` ruffle '' . Good shipping .
 Great Deal - used for xmas gift for my daughter . Loved finding this online and not having to go to Macy 's to stand in line . Also received free shipping so that made it worth ordering online .
 I am happy with the Eternity perfume I purchase from Amazon . It 's my favorite perfume for spring and summer ! I ca n't get it at a better price anywhere else !
 I am very happy with the product , received within 3 days of ordering .
 i like the fragrance . . its a good gift . so i just going to say stuff now cuase i have to put more words . .
 You ca n't go wrong with Eternity fragrances - from women 's perfume to men 's products , they 're as good as it gets .
 I get so many compliments when I wear Eternity . I have a guy in the office down the hall that just waits for me to walk by so he can smell the fragrance .
 I love this perfume . It smells so good andthis is a product I would recommend to anyone.Always get complimented when I wear it ,
 I bought this for my Girlfriend , I just wanted to surprise her . We like the smell of it , it 's great !
 love this cologne ! it smells wonderful and i love it ! it came very fast and at a great price ! will defiantly buy more : -RRB-
 My wife loves this but I have a had time spending a ton of money for this . I found this on Amazon for a great price . She got her perfume and I got a good price . We are both happy .
 This is the only perfume my mother uses . She has loved this stuff for as long as I can remember . I always find it for the best price on Amazon , so this is the only place I get it . I give it to my mother for holidays & birthdays and she is always very happy with it . I 've gotten it for her for so long I actually began feeling bad , so I contacted her sister to see if she was still enjoying her perfume gifts . I was informed to continue purchasing this for her because she still loves it .
 The perfume that my wife wears . Great price because I did my shopping and found no store close to this price
 This is exactly what is sold at Macy 's , but for a lot cheaper . Great purchase , I recommend to anyone who wears this and wants to save money
 good thing . my friend love it hahahahahah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah
 perfect pricing , fast shipping , awesome fragrance - I only wish they made avaialbe -LRB- readily -RRB- layers such as lotions , powders , shower gels , fragrance sticks or deodorants
 Received product quickly!Jjh hhg ggc rdg fc gv g g x d d d f sz t. F j
 I love Eternity . Have been using it for many years . It lasts a long time and I always get compliments on the scent when I use it . Will definitely buy again . The price is also great on Amazon .
 This was an awesome deal , I just love Eternity , it 's refreshing and light . I get a lot of complements when I wear it ! The company that I bought it from was fabulous , great communication and fast .
 I bought it for my mother in law , the color is great but not for dark skin . Not my choice
 I have been wearing Revlon lipstick for 25 years . talk about loyal , but when you find something that works you stick with it . The color stays on for a while .
 LOVE THIS LIPSTICK ! ITS EASY TO APPLY , AND STAYS ON THE LIPS FOR 3/4 HOURS WITH DRINKING WATER . THE MOST NATURAL AND PRETTY NUDE LIPSTICK FOR ME !
 I was very pleased with my product . Thank You ! It was the exact color I was looking for . Love it !
 The lipstick has a shade more purple to the color then the soft pink/coral in the picture , but still looks great !
 Natural , smooth and excellent - great price - fast shipper would highly recomment this item - Lasting color Super great
 The color is a deep and rich red , and the texture , upon application , is smooth and creamy . I would definitely try this product in other colors .
 This is a very interesting fall color that goes on supple and feels like silk on the lips . I like that it has just enough moisture so it does n't dry out your lips . The only thing I advise you to do is exfoliate your lips with a little brown sugar and olive oil before applying to avoid any cake build up . I ca n't stress how relaxed and vamp this color is I just love revlon .
 Bought the product for my best friend as a Christmas gift and she loves it , I wasvery happy that I was able to find it
 so grateful to be able to find a place to purchase this particular color , I can no longer find at store or Revlon direct .
 Beautiful lipstick ! Creamy , smooth formula that goes on nicely . It did not dry out my lips . I love Revlon lipstick !
 The color is red with a little orange , but not too red or orange , so cute and beautiful . love the color !
 I was looking for an orangy lipstick since ages , then I found this one on Amazon and I bought it after reading reviews on makeupalley.com , since I was not able to physically see the product . I didnt know what to expect.I am very happy with my purchase . Perfect color and excellent texture . The product was also in mint condition and arrived on time .
 Do you like Lipstick ? But , do you find that your lipstick makes your lips dry , chapped , or crave Doritos ? Well , Revlon Superlustrous is for you ! It almost has a balm feel , and is highly pigmented -LRB- it only takes one `` coat '' -RRB- . I like this color because it kind of has that Minaj-esque pop of pink but very much subdued and casual Friday appropriate .
 This lipstick is such a brilliant red . It is great for many skin tones . Con of this product is that it smells like crayons ... my simple fix for this is just put a flavored chapstick over the color . overall good product
 I love this color -LRB- Mink # 671 -RRB- if you have a deep complexion or are very tan and want that natural -LRB- little or no makeup -RRB- look then you may really like this color . I had it for a while and never used it . I pulled it out about 3 weeks ago and fell in love . did n't realize it was a discontinued color , but luckily I found it on Amazon and purchased another tube because I do n't want to run out !
 This applies really creamy and the color is absolutely beautiful but I do find that it can be a bit drying on my lips . I always make sure to apply a lip balm first , and then this , otherwise I find that within an hour or two my lips are way too dry . I also tend to put a gloss over it just because it 's pretty opaque and that can look kind of aging on someone my age , but the color is worth it .
 I bought this Revlon `` Kiss Me Coral '' lipstick about a month ago for the first time . Although it is labelled as Coral , it is actually more like it looks in the picture -- a slightly orange-y red . I was nervous about that when I purchased it , but it turns out it actually is very flattering with my skin -- I have very light , fairly neutral skin -LRB- I do get red cheeks , but with foundation it evens out -RRB- . It works well whether it 's applied and blotted just a little bit -LRB- for a nighttime look usually -RRB- or for a daytime look , if it 's blotted a lot it looks like more of a stain.I also think it looks very pretty when I use it as a cream blush -LRB- very lightly applied of course -RRB- . It 's a `` creme '' lipstick , so it 's not sparkly and it 's also not matte -- very creamy and smooth . It lasts rather long as a lipstick actually , and for me I need minimal applications throughout the day.When I originally bought this , I was looking actually for a lighter more true `` coral '' color -LRB- I was thinking more pink -RRB- but I guess I 'm just attracted to bright reds ! I am glad I went with my instincts and chose this .
 Product arrived in a timely manner and it was in one piece . Correct color and size were sent . Great price for 2 tubes , cheaper than buying in a retail location .
 I have n't been able to find this color -LRB- 453 Pinkerbelle -RRB- by Revlon in area stores lately , so I went looking on the internet . It 's my favorite ; I 'm so glad it 's still available !
 It 's a really great red . It 's like pin up girl red , which was exactly what I was looking for :D It stays just a little too great , but i 'm not complaining ! Would recommend to anyone and everyone .
 This is my go-to lipstick . The color works for me all year round . The formulation feels good on my lips -- not too dry and not too sticky .
 I 've used this brand a color for years and do n't know what I would do if Revlon ever discontinued it !
 I love this color , complimentary to my skin tone and most of clothing I wear . Revlon works well for me . Color lasts and keeps my lips moist .
 I wish the color was a bit deeper , but it is very moisturizing.I would recommend to others . I will order more later .
 In the tube the Siren shade looks very orange , but once applied it is more of a nice orange-ish coral . It 's very flattering for pale skin .
 I bought this lipstick when I spent a few days on holidays in Canada last year . I ca n't find it in France -LRB- this color is not for us I suppose -RRB- . Fortunately , I found My lypstick on this website , and less expensive than the ones -LRB- from the same brand -RRB- sold in France ! : - -RRB- Within 8 days , I ordered and received my product . It was perfectly packed . It could n't be better ! I 'm very happy with this order and with the supplier . Many thanks xxxx
 i was really skeptical at first but if you want old school hollywood glamour , i say go for it !!! Gutsy n sexy color !
 I must admit I do not have a ton of experience with lipsticks , but regardless of this I really liked this shade . I also feel like the formula is of really good quality , too , but I recommend exfoliating your lips first if you get chapped like me , because this certainly helped it last longer for me . I would most certainly suggest it to other alternative-y people , especially with a little black eyeliner used as a lipliner to darken it a bit -LRB- this also helping it to last longer -RRB- , but I think this would also look absolutely gorgeous on women of color and of olive-toned skin , as well as maybe a lighter woman that just has awesomely bold taste . Overall I am extremely pleased considering that I bought this at Jewel Osco on sale for a few dollars off lol ! Oops - and guys could probably pull this off if they wanted to , too !! Lol !
 Pink in the afternoon is a great colour . its more of a brown/nude pink . I think its a very natural lip colour.I am writing this review to let people know how pleased i am with the quickness of my order process.Beauty Savings had my order processed , shipped and in my mail box in a 4 day time span.I ordered Thursday at 12 midnight and I had Pink in the Afternoon this Afternoon!Thank You Beauty Savings !
 I was a little skeptical when I ordered it because the picture of the red lipstick did not look as bright as I wanted but I am so happy I decided to get it anyway because it is exactly what I wanted .
 Revlon discontinued a lipstick I liked/lovely color and sheen ... the seller sent the lipsticks quickly and in fine order and I was happy to have my favorite color for a while longer . HAPPY I THOUGHT TO LOOK ON AMAZON . Thank you .
 Revelon Super Lustrous Lipstick Creme Lipstick is as in thename very lustrous . This lipstick will keep lips moustourized all day long . There is no need to add extra moisturized to your lips when usingthis Lipstick.The Color is very beautiful and last all day . All in all I would say this is a good value for your money . I have used this lipstick for many years and I have never been disappointed by its performance .
 This color is amazing and can be made up or down with the addition of gloss or lipliner underneath . Great everyday or evening color .
 This is the only color Lipstick I wear , very hard to find . I will keep looking and keep buying it .
 I ca n't find this color in stores anymore so I was happy to find it here . It such a lovely , neutral berry with just a hint of glimmer . Not frosty at all , but just enough to give the color some depth . Is like my own lip color , but better !
 This is a very rich & deep color ... You may want to use it as a gradient color . Either way , it 's nice . It reminds me of the 70 's & 80 's when women wore those dark colors on their lips :--RRB- ... So retro !!!!
 Arrived in good time , great condition . Color is very bright , not for the timid ! It does have a slight orange tint , which goes well with my complexion .
 I was so pleasantly surprised how beautiful this color is - the picture color does n't do it justice . It makes my face light up ! I am especially glad it 's not dark - I like lighter shades that make you skin look creamier -LRB- I have brown hair and light skin -RRB- . Also , has nice moisture and spreads so nicely . I highly recommend . Shipped on time and packaged well for shipping .
 Very satisfied . The products arrived very promptly . Everything was as expected . I felt that the prices were good and it was convenient to be able to avoid the crowds during the Holidays .
 I keep a tube of this in my purse , pocket , and make-up bag . This color goes with almost everything and I wear it almost daily ! Good moisturizing properties , too !
 I can say that this lipstick leaves them soft . Also this colour looks great on every skin colour . Try it .
 Received my order promptly and correctly . Could not ask for more . I would use this company again . Just wish they had had more in stock .
 I could n't find this lipstick -LRB- Almost Nude # 117 -RRB- in any store ! I borrowed it from a friend one night when we were out clubbing and I fell in love ! Went to every drug store to purchase one myself but could n't find it . So glad I found it on here . Exactly what I was looking for . Super Fast shipping and I received it within the week . Amazing .
 I sent this 2 pack of lipstick to my Mom for her birthday but she only received one . I can not find any way to contact seller . Anyone have any suggestions ?
 product came fast with bonus gift , and a full explanation of the shipping charges.My wife was very satisfied witheverything .
 Love this lipstick ... Nice color , not too pink . -LRB- I 'm over 50 . . well over -RRB- Keep one in my purse , and one at home . . I 'd recommend this product . .
 could not find this product anywhere until these people e-mailed me that they had 2 . i am very pleased with their service .
 I bought this product because I saw a recommendation for the color somewhere and I could n't find it in the stores where I looked . It is a nice creamy texture with great staying power and the color is lovely -- a nice red on the pink side .
 This lipstick had been discontinued and I have checked just about every drug store in town . When I see it on Amazon I was delighted to see I could still buy one . Thank you .
 I love this lipstick and am so happy to have found someone who carries my color . Thank you so much !
 I love this shade of lipstick , so of course , Revlon has discontinued it . I was so happy to see it on Amazon , I bought 3 tubes . I received them in perfect condition very quickly . Thanks for the super service .
 I love Revlon lip stick in the black tube . It stays on and does not bleed . I like the Spiced Brandy color because it adds color to my otherwise invisible lips . I have tried numerous different brands of lip stick and have found Revlon to be the most reliable for staying on and not bleeding .
 I PURCHASED THE LIPSTICK IN MAUVY NIGHT . IT GLIDES ON SO SMOOTH , AND MY LIPS FEEL SO SOFT . I GAVE IT FOUR STARS BECAUSE IT COULD BE MORE PIGMENTED , BUT NOT THAT BIG A DEAL BECAUSE THE FINISHED LOOK LOOKS SO GOOD!i THINK I HAD TO PUT A FEW LAYERS ON BECAUSE MY LIPS ARE MORE PIGMENTED , I HAVE OLIVE SKIN/ROSEY LIPS , SO MAYBE THATS WHY .
 Like almost all Revlon products , excellent quality , nice colour even for the older ladies amongst us - I am 53 and it still looks good on me !
 I have used this color for many years.Revlon Super Lustrous Cream Lipstick , Wine with Everything # 525 - 0.2 Oz , 1 Ea It wears very well . I dab it on lightly , then pat it with my finger -- it looks like a natural stain on the lips . I had a hard time finding this exact color and searched for quite a while before I found it on Amazon -- Amazon truly has everything , and it was inexpensive , to boot ! This is a real keeper .
 I have never worn lipstick , until now!I got the Lustrous Pearl Lipstick in Blushed # 420 -LRB- listed as just Blushed in the drop down menu -RRB- as a sampler from my job . I LOVE it.It glides on smoothly . It 's not sticky like some lipsticks can be -LRB- which is why I never really wear them -RRB- . It 's full of moisturizing goodness . My lips feel awesome :-RRB- I love that it 's not too dramatic from my normal lip color so I do n't feel self conscious!It gives my lips the appearance of being fuller and sexier . I 'm glad it was a freebie from my job , but honestly I 'd fork over the $ 5.00 and buy it as soon as I ran out ! LOL
 My item arrived incredibly fast . It was exactly what I had been searching high and low for . I am as happy as can be !! I would definitely purchase from this seller again !! Thanks a million !
 My wife could no longer find this , her favorite lipstick , at the local stores . Amazon came through AGAIN ... and with a great price ...
 I love this lipstick . I found it about 6 years ago and I find that it goes with everything in my casual wardrobe . It also works well for photos and , since I am an actor and acting teacher , I recommend it for headshots . In my experience , the amount of pearl in the lipstick does not create feathering -LRB- I 'm 50 , so this a big deal for me -RRB- or look too young . Just great .
 For those of you who loved this color and then it was discontinued , it was great to be able to get it again at Amazon . It was n't great to pay the higher price , but it was still cheaper then the department store brands and just as good . Amazon made a mistake initially and sent 1 instead of 2 . They rectified the error immediately with VERY minimal hassle .
 I purchased this lipstick from a local retail store last summer . When I needed a new tube I could no longer find it in the store . I found it on Amazon.com and ordered three tubes.This color is so WOW that two of my friends commented when they saw it on me and wanted the name , etc. . One friend I gave a tube and the other ordered the product from Amazon.com.I think it is a great shade for summer .
 Even though it says &#34; red &#34; it 's actually a peach tone , kind of frosted , but not shiny . It goes on smooth , lasts quite a while . I 've used it for years , the price is great ! I love it !
 I got the lipstick and I really like it because it is a nice dark color and I can use it to match anything .
 I have a few Revlon Super Lustrous lipstick colors and I absolutely love them ! My favorite color is Va Va Violet ! It is a dark dark purple and it looks amazing on . It really makes your teeth look white and your eyes pop ! It goes on smooth and does n't feather on your lips . I have the mauve pearl and the silver city pink and they are amazing . Just shiny enough to make a statement but not too shiny to look silly at work . They do n't have a weird taste or smell or anything . I have loved everyone I have bought . Absolutely recommend all Revlon Super Lustrous lipcolors .
 Mom was amazed that Amazon carries her all-time favorite Revlon color after all these years . I think it 's the perfect pale shimmer pink whether you 're in your teens or 80 .
 Very pleased with this lipstick . Very creamy , and goes on smoothly . Does n't darken up after applied , stays true to color . Would purchase again .
 A great neutral color my my skin tone . It goes on so well . . makes my lips soft too . Looks great alone or if you want to use under lip gloss .
 I like this lipstick a lot but just know that the color on the lipstick container looks peachy and this is not peachy at all . It is more of a nude color with a little glossy look . You can wear it over another color or plain if you are going for a natural look . It really works well as a nude lipstick .
 This lipstick is my very first Revlon lipstick and I 'd have to say ... I 'm IN LOVE ! This color is my everyday color for my lips and its soooo creamy ! A must have and staple product .
 I love Revlon lipsticks they are great quality and are very affordable . Primrose is a gorgeous color it is a beautiful pink for every day .
 The color is a pink color but blends well after a few minutes , it is not baby doll pink has a rose hue with it . This tones down the pink matches my natural lip color very well . This color is also great to mix with gloss . Very moisturizing to the lips as well .
 I found this lipstick mentioned on Remodelista . It was a true red , a hard color to find . I was delighted to find it on Amazon and bought it right away . The color will always be in my lipstick collection . My pal from babyhood who now lives in Wisconsin bought it , too .
 I combed the net for ages before Amazon came through and I was able to order this fabulous lipstick because it is n't available in England anymore . I 've been a fan of Revlon and their lipsticks for ages - they feel good on your lips and the last - what more can you ask . This shade is everything I want in a lip colour .
 I love this Revlon lipstick . It stays on a long time and it feels so good on the lips . Best lipstick I have found .
 I love this brand and this is a great lipstick . I bought it in another color as well . Purchased this color for my neice and the price is right . These are great lipsticks for layering and they feel like you 're just wearing a lip balm . Love it !
 I love this lipstick color , it is just perfect for me ... . and it is creamy , feels good on my dry lips .
 I originally had purchased this product at Restoration Hardware . They switched to a different brand , and it was n't the same to me . Therefore , I now seek out this particular brand -LRB- Good Home Co. -RRB- and scent -LRB- Beach Days -RRB- . I love the consistancy and the scent ! I do not care for Shea Butter lotions , they seem to thick in consistancy for me and I feel like there is to much lotion on my hands . This is a silky lotion with a fabulous scent . It totally reminds me of the beach I went to growing up in Southerin California .
 This perfume is a perfect blend , the smell is very deep and you can detect multiple layers . Definitely a bold perfume but not overpowering , I think it can be worn in any season without a problem . There is a perfume sold by Avons Mark line that is similar but Nanette Lepore smells more `` quality '' than the Mark one . I would call Nanette Lepore an Oriental Floral , it reminds me of incense and flowers . I would suggest purchasing the trial size for $ 3.00 and wearing it for a few days to see how it will react to your own chemistry since this perfume is a very unique scent .
 I 'm a very picky perfume person . I find most of them to be smelly and heavy -LRB- though I confess to loving Red Door when I was 8 -RRB- , and really prefer the nice smell of soap more than anything else on my body . However , I am a girl and so I kept trying to find a scent so that I could be like all the other girls . Enter Nanette Lepore . I swear I have tried on every scent over the years and one day I methodically went through Sephora 's collection . Nanette Lepore was the only scent I kept coming back to , because it 's unique blend of notes draws me in and works wonderfully with my body chemistry . Nothing else in the store worked as well . Nothing.So why do I like Nanette Lepore ? First off , there 's that lovely , intoxicating blend of rose and jasmine notes . The rose is light and airy , which I really like , while the jasmine creates a deeper , more lush scent to balance the rose . The amber and sandalwood notes give the depth to this fragrance that it needs . It 's the perfect everyday scent and it goes easily from day to night wear.On my body the rose settles in after a little while , so the blend of darker and brighter notes are equal . This makes it light and romantic yet gives it that oomph needed to set it apart from ordinary floral scents.This is my signature perfume . I love it and I could n't be happier that it was created .
 Designer Nanette Lepore , a favorite of rock stars , actresses , wannabes , and the rest of us , recently released her first fragrance . It is very much like her designs - ultra feminine , playful , a bit flirty.She credits her daughter , Violet , for being her muse , thus the scent boasts notes of Crushed Velvet Violette , Amber and Indian Sandalwood . In addition , natural essences abound with Moonstone Rose , White Peach and White Cranberry Juices . The fragrance is as unique as the designer herself and just as appealing.The bottle reflects Lepore 's ability to stunningly pair retro with modern - in a half moon shape it is delicately tinted with pink . A floral wreath adorns the bottle with a blush pink and black bow tied at the collar . The floral wreath is also captured on the box , which is decorated in a polka dot pattern . Tres chic!Nanette Lepore the fragrance is also available in Body Lotion , Body Cream , and Shower Gel .
 Nanette Lepore is a long-lasting whimsical scent created by the master perfumer , Gianni Mastrocola.The scent is light and sweet , as if a blend of fragrant fruits and moonstone roses . I do n't believe I can do it justice but the sweetness is not of the dense , choking ilk some perfumes have . As the eau de parfum dries it smells of violet petals.Nanette Lepore is not an overpowering or attention-grabbing scent , so if that 's what you 're looking for , this is not the eau de parfum for you . It is subtle and I just love it ! If you choose to buy this perfume , do n't be surprised if you are frequently stopped and asked what perfume you are wearing . I have been shocked -LRB- pleasantly -RRB- to be asked at work , in line at the supermarket , and while shopping in stores at the mall what perfume I was wearing and where someone could get some for themselves or their wife/girlfriend . I 'm not kidding when I say I have been asked this a LOT . And it was embarrassing when I could n't remember the name of it . I finally came up with a trick to help me remember - so you will need one , too .
 After smelling this on my friend , I yearned for my own ! Its an amazing scent . Dont be fooled by the generic looking bottle . This purfume is in my top 2 favorites of all time .
 Designer Nanette Lepore , a favorite of rock stars , actresses , wannabes , and the rest of us , recently released her first fragrance . It is very much like her designs - ultra feminine , playful , a bit flirty.She credits her daughter , Violet , for being her muse , thus the scent boasts notes of Crushed Velvet Violette , Amber and Indian Sandalwood . In addition , natural essences abound with Moonstone Rose , White Peach and White Cranberry Juices . The fragrance is as unique as the designer herself and just as appealing.The bottle reflects Lepore 's ability to stunningly pair retro with modern - in a half moon shape it is delicately tinted with pink . A floral wreath adorns the bottle with a blush pink and black bow tied at the collar . The floral wreath is also captured on the box , which is decorated in a polka dot pattern . Tres chic!Nanette Lepore the fragrance is also available in Body Lotion , Body Cream , and Shower Gel .
 Designer Nanette Lepore , a favorite of rock stars , actresses , wannabes , and the rest of us , recently released her first fragrance . It is very much like her designs - ultra feminine , playful , a bit flirty.She credits her daughter , Violet , for being her muse , thus the scent boasts notes of Crushed Velvet Violette , Amber and Indian Sandalwood . In addition , natural essences abound with Moonstone Rose , White Peach and White Cranberry Juices . The fragrance is as unique as the designer herself and just as appealing.The bottle reflects Lepore 's ability to stunningly pair retro with modern - in a half moon shape it is delicately tinted with pink . A floral wreath adorns the bottle with a blush pink and black bow tied at the collar . The floral wreath is also captured on the box , which is decorated in a polka dot pattern . Tres chic!Nanette Lepore the fragrance is also available in Body Lotion , Body Cream , and Shower Gel .
 My husband , without my even asking , ran ... did n't walk ... ran to buy me this . Need I reaaly say more ?
 I was devastated when I could not find this in any store . Lucky for me , my fiancee is awesome and found it on here .
 I love this fragrance , makes me feel safe , cozy , confident.Very reasonable , affordable price . Great finding since I 'm a very picky person in regards to perfumes .
 I love this perfume . It is one of my favorites . It has a feminine smell to it . Whenever I wear it , I get many compliments .
 This item was shipped to me very quickly and was a great value for the price I paid . I love this perfume , I always have people ask me what I am wearing and they love it . I do recommend this fragrance , but I do hope that not too many of you get it because I am enjoying the attention of having this unique fragrance that not too many know about . : -RRB-
 This fragrance is heavenly . If is very light , not overbearing . It is wonderful for work .
 Found this in NYC while in her boutique , loved it had to have it and always get compliments when I wear it ... lasts a long time and is a light fresh sexy scent . A + + +
 The perfume is amazing!I received the item on time , and i am happy with your servicesKeep up the good work .
 The best smell I ever had in my life . It 's like smelling the woman that I love after a long period of no seing each other .
 The product came on time , just as described . I got it for 25 , so the price was really good . I got it as a gift for a friend .
 So glad I found this ! Used to use this about 7 yrs ago and I wanted it again . Love the scent ; nice and subtle . Floral but not too sweet . Great perfume if your scents are natural but floral and sweet .
 I love this scent . I get a lot of compliments . It 's very feminine but not for everyday wear . I wear it when I want to feel extra special .
 awesome ! it smelled great and i loved how long it stayed on ! great price too ! love it so much ! great !
 My wife 's body chemistry reacts very well with this flowery perfume . The scent lingers all day . I 'd recommend it highly .
 i love this scent , it smells sweet - warm - floral - cute - flirty . its a good size bottle , and the packaging is adorable . i wish there was a hint more rose , but i still love it .
 This perfume has been a fav of mines for years !! Was glad To find it again !!! The product arrive before time ... . Excellent !
 First off the begin this review I have to say one thing
 Never really heard of this perfume before , so I just tried it out . I love it and I only had it for a few days . Even though the shipping process had some problems , I was glad to get my product .
 Purchased as a gift for my wife . This fragrance has been her staple for years and is very nice , but appears to be going away .
 Love the tingle that it give my head each morning after shampooing . It leave my hair shiny and it has a nice herbal smell . I have not used it long enough to see it it will help the shedding of hair .
 I have recently started using the product , and I realize that it will take some time before results are witnessed , I am prayerful that it will work . I will keep you informed of my progress.Groganics Deep Freeze Scalp Absorbent Shampoo
 I have had this product for close to 3 months and I have to say I really like it . First off , I love the colour.I have natural `` Afro-Caribbean '' hair and the size of the plates are a plus for using on all my kinks.The settings are not adjustable but it heats up very quickly.Overall I 'm pretty satisfied .
 I 've purchased and used this product in several flavors , including from the manufacturer direct . Love the product especially in the original orange scent , but be aware , prices for this product are all over the map . I paid $ 6 each or `` 5 for $ 30 '' , a real `` deal '' from Mia Rose direct , only to find it for $ 3.99 at a `` nation-wide boutique '' store based in California . Great product , but do n't overpay if you do n't have to .
 Have been using Air Therapy for more years than I can remember . After moving to Ohio , could n't get the lime scent , so ordered through Amazon . Orange and lime are both great , but lime seems to be more healing for me . It can knock down even putrid cigarette odors from your neighbors apt . Only demerit is the can amount does n't last as long as I 'd like , but then it 's not chemically enhanced producing a fake , lingering odor . I will always use this product because it takes me happy places .
 So , I have n't had my Air Therapy that long - about three weeks and I use it daily -LRB- and I did n't buy it from Amazon , I bought it at Home Depot , but love it so much , had to review here -RRB- - I have the Key Lime and love it ! First , I 'll just say that I do not know if I 'll run into container malfunctions later , as other reviewers have mentioned . My canister works fine so far :-RRB- . But , what I DO know is that the fragrance is WONderful - and I 'm ridiculously picky about smells - and very sensitive - for example , I ca n't hang out in Macy 's perfume department or in the detergent aisle at the store , as it is too much for me . So , Air Therapy does not smell unnatural , whatsoever , and actually gets rid of smells , and I 've had to use it on some pretty bad odors on a regular basis - I care for my elderly father and the bathroom needs it sometimes , very badly . I was worried at first , as the canister is so small , thought I 'd use it up in no time , but turns out , unlike other natural spray fragrances I 've bought such as Pure Citrus , you need so much less ! Pure Citrus has pretty nice fragrances of orange , which I like , also a lemon I have not tried , but you must use 2-6 times more Pure Citrus than Air Therapy , to achieve what Air Therapy achieves with only one spray . In fact , Air Therapy says on the back you only need one spray and it really is true ! Only sometimes , do I use two sprays . Such a relief to find a spark of truthful advertising . So , I believe this is a better deal than the Pure Citrus , even though Pure Citrus is 7 ounces as opposed to the 4.6 ounce canister of Air Therapy I have . Btw , I have only compared these two products in this review , as they are the only two I have found to meet my requirements , which are basically a non-chemical , natural fragrance that will actually freshen air and that are not unreasonably priced and that have fragrances you actually enjoy .
 Great price . Fast delivery . I like the idea that this is safe to use because no chemicals added . It does clear out any nasty odors with a single spritz . The smell of oranges is very natural .
 I absolutely love this product . And my first purchase has lasted literally years . I have even given it as gifts because it smells so great and lasts so long . Now I have finally run out , and I 'm thrilled to see that there are other scents as well.Highly recommended .
 This is a good product . It arrived on time ; easy to open and install . I would certainly recommend it to anyone needing such a product .
 Found this product once at a Walmart , and never found it in stores again . Looked everywhere for it . Good odor control . Very clean fragrance -- not perfumey like most products . Nothing else even comes close . And a container lasts what seems like forever ! Use sparingly -- 1-2 spritzes are just fine .
 I love these small versions . I take these with me when traveling . When one has to share a restroom , sometimes the restrooms need a little freshner , and these work great !! . I also love the fact that it 's a Non-aerosol product . They cover up the odor naturally . One bottle lasts a good while . This bottle came in handy while sharing the restroom on a 9 hour plane ride . Great for kitchen and rest of house also . Carries well in a pocketbook . I have used just the orange one before , but I like the key lime -LRB- lime and oranges -RRB- .
 This item kills odor and I love the fact that it is natural and wo n't hurt anyone when they breath it .
 Van Cleef and Arpel are not cheap in anything they do , and this perfume is no exception . The smell is wonderful and stay 's with you all day . The price , what can I say , I believe it 's moderate . I truely believe `` First Love '' is first rate !
 i will definately buy it again and again thanks nothing more to say bottle is nice looking too how bad can it be it 's van cleef and arpels ?????
 Tsar is a masculine but mild , earthy fragrance that is well suited for an office environment . I have worn Tsar for over fifteen years and receive regular compliments on it from my wife and female coworkers . Coworkers always comment that they 've never smelled it before , giving it the added value of uniqueness .
 The Silk Complexion sea sponge is abolutely wonderful ! It is as soft as silk , and does n't tear or crumble . My foundation goes on so smooth with it.I still ca n't believe how good it is . This is the only kind I will buy from now on .
 What 's funny is that I stopped using this conditioner after I ran out of the first bottle because it is quite pricey , but when I looked back at pictures of my hair while I was using it , I could n't believe how healthy and shiny it looked . I ca n't wait to start using it again !! Although this time I am going to skip the matching shampoo and use a sulfate free one . I totally recommend this !!!
 i have tried many hair products but the frederick fekkai technician line is the best for consistently good hair days , day after day . i have very fine , highlighted hair and it used to be very dry and never 2 good days in a row . since using frederick fekkai technician shampoo/conditioner , its been a no-brainer and i can even let my hair dry naturally and it still looks great for work ! also recommend the glossing cream as i keep a bit in a container in my bag to smooth through during the day or before going out at night - smells great . i always get compliments on it and you can even use it on your skin for a great smelling moisturizer .
 I wanted to try this product for over 4 years but just could n't justify the cost . Finally , I broke down and bought the travel size of the shampoo and conditioner and there was just no going back . Normally , I have to spray special conditioners in my hair to get a brush through it with out screaming . I washed my hair , let it dry and then brushed it and had hardly any resistance . My hair feels stronger , thicker , more shinny and incredibly healthy . I ca n't stop touching it ! I used to have to wash my hair every day and now I could go a day or two if I had to and I would n't be able to tell . I feel like a hair model ! I instantly got compliments on my hair from friends that did n't even know I had switched . This is ridiculously expensive and I 'll have to adjust my budget somewhere but I do n't think I 'll ever give it up !
 I have long curly hair that tends to be dry and picky . This is a great hair day in a bottle everyday and I am only about 2 weeks into mine . Definitely buying more . Well worth the extra $ $ $
 I have hair that 's been dyed over and over and usually looks like a shag with extra frizz . I read the reviews of Frederic Fekkai but was intimidated by the price . I gave it a whirl and WOW . From the first few seconds of using the shampoo , to being actually able to run my fingers all the way through my hair with the conditioner , this product is amazing . I highly recommend it to those who are in constant search for shampoos and conditioners that make your hair look and feel salon fabulous . It truly works !
 This conditioner is very moisturizing ... I really like it . My hair tends to run on the dry side and usually I have to put in some sort of a moisturizing balm or oil in it and since I started using this conditioner I have n't had to do that . And it leaves it soft but not oily . Highly recommend !!
 This is absolutely worth the money . It is the best product out there for dry , colored ends . It got rid of all the brittleness in my hair and made the ends so soft and not greasy . However you should not apply it directly to the roots if you have greasy prone or super fine hair . I use this on my ends -LRB- about 80 % of the hair -RRB- and use a volumizing conditioner directly on the roots and it gives the Perfect results on my combination hair . Also keeps the color well , if you have colored hair it 's always best to pick a conditioner that 's meant for colored hair like this one .
 Wow . I receieved a sample of this from a major department store purchase or I probably never would 've tried it , I think I had a sample of Fekkai 's glossing something & it was too heavy so I did n't bother to try their other products.Background
 I like the fraqrance and it conditions my hair pretty well . I do wish that the price could be lower a bit than it is now .
 This product works well . My hair color stays vibrant and shiny after each wash . However , I think the product is overpriced .
 This is by far the best conditioner I have ever used . I have been dyeing my hair for years and it is now pretty much fried but this conditioner makes it MUCH more soft and smooth . It is finally growing out without so many split ends . I would reccommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased this conditioner after reading the reviews because my post menopausal hair had really started looking damaged . I am 49 , fine hair but lots of it . I have my hair highlighted professionally about 6 times a year and I blow dry it every day . I purchased only because I had a gift certificate to cover the cost -LRB- also purchased the shampoo -RRB- from the Sephora store . Also , they said I could return it if it did not work.Well , I have been using this since Oct 1 and I still have about and inch or so reamining of the conditioner . It is the best conditioner I have ever , ever used and I have tried many !! Use sparingly , you did need a lot . Made my hair as amooth as silk and others have commented on how great my hair looks . Being a Spehora insider , I received a $ 15 off a $ 50 purchase pre-Chirstmas so I purchased the 32 oz size conditioner which I expect to last 8-9 months . This size is only available on line . I do n't plan on purchasing the shampoo again due to the cost . Although it was good I do n't think it keep my color from fading and I ca n't justify the cost of both . I have tried the conditioner with other shampoos with the same spectacular results.I am interested if I will get the same results when the humidity is full force in the summer ... I 'll update the review then.If you are worried about the cost try the travel size and see if this works for you .
 No joke , this is honestly the best shampoo and conditioner I have used . I have been double processing my hair for the past two years . The bleach was killing my hair and my hair looked frizzy and lifeless . I was using Keratase Chroma until it ran out . The price tag was pretty hefty and it did n't do that great of a job . I purchased this shampoo/conditioner 7 days ago and my hair condition has changed dramatically . I have had everyone tell me my hair looks great . The price is moderately high but defintely worth it . Buy the 16 oz . bottles their $ 10 more than the 8oz . The 8 oz bottles will go quick .
 Length :
 I tried this product out of total desperation . I am mean to my hair , I have it permed , I have it colored and I also highlight it on a regular basis . The abuse was beginning to show and I was very depressed about it ! . I longed for shiny , healthy-looking hair . This product was recommended by a friend . So far I have tried only the conditioner , but it 's so amazing that after only a few uses , I saw an improvement in my hair . It 's much softer now and is regaining shine . These products are expensive , but I find that I only need to use a fraction of what I use with those cheaper products .
 This stuff is pricey but so worth it my hair is amazing after using it Plus it smells yummy
 Wow . I went from straw head to baby soft hair . I tried so many products and spent a fortune . I read the reviews and decided to take a chance . This product really delivers . I am going to try the shampoo next .
 My hair is color treated and dry . It 's also naturally wavy , but not the nice kind of waves ... more like a cross between a clown 's wig and armpit hair . For as long as I can remember , I 've been using at least a palm-sized amount of conditioner in my hair , just to get it to lay flat . I have to wash it every day , because otherwise I look like a grease monster , which led to damage from hair dryers , flat irons , etc. . My hair routine is typically a vicious cycle of sorts.I tried Fekkai on a whim , not really believing it would work . Even though I scoffed at the thought of only using a quarter-sized amount of conditioner , I did it anyway because this stuff is sort of expensive . I was really shocked at the amazing results I got from using this conditioner with the Fekkai glossing cream . My hair is SO smooth . I ca n't stop running my fingers through it . I do n't mean to sound like some corny commercial , but I feel like `` I just left the salon '' or whatever.I bought the smallest size of this , since I did n't know whether it would work , but I am definitely going to get the largest size as soon as the original bottle starts to run out .
 I was a little skeptical even after reading the reviews so I purchased 2 ounces to give it a try . I love my hair right after it 's color treated . It 's perfectly conditioned and manageable , but after a week , same old blah ! My hair was color treated two weeks ago , and I tried the conditioner last night . This morning my hair looks and feels like I just stepped out of the salon . This the best result I 've gotten with any hair products and I 've tried countless . I 'm sold on this one and want to try the shampoo next .
 My hair is the softest it has every been ! My boyfriend loves the smell of my hair after I shower and blow dry or simply air dry . I will never use another conditioner again . This one is a bit expensive but worth every penny !
 I have used this hair conditioner for about a year and it 's the best stuff out there . My hair is longer than it has ever been and it keeps my hair from being damaged and it makes my hair color last longer . Strongly recommended ! Also it has a very nice light frangrance that does not bother my friends who are frangrance sensative due to alergies .
 This range of products has completely changed my daily life . My hair is full of life , body and shine . I used to have to wash my hair every morning beofre the school run but since using the FF range of shampoo , conditioner and styling products my haiar lasts for 3 days !! The condition of my hair is totally different . Only problem is it costs about $ 35 a bottle over here !! TRY IT
 I really like this conditioner . A little goes a long long way . Most other conditioners weighed down my hair or left it so baby fine that it was flat after blow drying . This conditioner is perfect ! My hair is easy to style and it shines like crazy . I first bought the smallest size they make of this product and after using the entire bottle , I KNEW that this is the product for me . Now I can condition my hair and still have shine and body !
 I used to have frazzled , dull hair that was breaking off from years of highlighting . After using this conditioner -LRB- and the FF shampoo -RRB- once my hair was totally different
 My hair looks fuller , softer , and shinier when I use this conditioner . It also has waaaay more body . I used this conditioner , along with the Technician Shampoo , a few years ago after receiving it as a gift ; I always got lots of compliments on my hair then . Because of the price , I bought something less expensive , but not cheap , when I finished the bottle . Instantly my hair looked less full and was n't quite as manageable and I had my first bad hair day in a long while . After finishing that other brand -LRB- it starts and ends with an `` A '' and is famous for its natural ingredients -RRB- I broke down and bought bottles of the Fekkai Technician Shampoo and Technician Conditioner . Glorious ! Good hair days were back again ! Other people notice as well and I 'm still getting those standard questions , `` did you get a haircut ? '' or `` did you color your hair ? '' `` Nope '' and `` not recently , '' I just switched back to the world 's best shampoo and conditioner .
 I have been using the Technician shampoo and conditioner for months now , and my hair has never been better . I was having a very bad hair phase where it always seemed squeaky in the shower and very dull , flat , and limp after blow-drying . I was using other salon products for color-treated hair at the time , but the bad hair persisted.After using the FF products , my hair has completely changed . It never feels squeaky when I 'm washing it , and it is incredibly soft and full after styling . I have not seen a split end since my last hair cut 2 months ago , and my highlights still look amazing . My colorist even commented on their longevity.Basically , I ca n't imagine using anything but this shampoo and conditioner ever again . It 's rich but not heavy , makes my hair feel great even with washing every day , and smells nice too . It 's solved my hair problems . I think the Technician Glaze is great too to add extra shine ; I like to put a little extra on my ends in the winter to fight static and dry air .
 I was using a product that begins with a B - my hairdresser uses this line and talked me into buying it . It did not make my hair any better it was tangled - and made my scalp tingly - not in a good way - but then I saw oprah and decided to try FekkaI have very thick hair - and I wear it long which leads to tangles - not with this - this stuff is great !!! My hair is soft , voluminous , and shiney.I know that the best things in life are free - but this is totally worth the money : -RRB-
 i was so intimidated by the Fekkai products , they are SO expensive , i was afraid to get something that did n't work -LRB- a SHAM-poo -RRB- i bought a small bottle of this conditioner at Sephora for $ 8 , a splurge , but if it did n't work i woul n't have paid $ 20 and i would n't be stuck with the big bottle . It smells great and doe n't have that super greasy feeling most conditioners have . It left my hair incredibly soft . Totally worth a try .
 This stuff is awesome . Makes your hair softer than anything . I even tried my old conditioner and then the new kind the next to see if I could feel the difference , and I can .
 I have shoulder-length , fine hair . Before buying , I debated spending so much on this Technician shampoo/conditioner , but the `` Best of Sephora '' award convinced me to spend the money to try them . These products are made for color-treated hair -LRB- which I have -RRB- and protect the color.Well , I absolutely LOVE them both ! They do not flatten my fine hair down , and my hair really does look thicker and shinier . Plus , both the shampoo and conditioner are so creamy and rich , you only need to use a tablespoon or so each time you apply . The shampoo lathers up immediately , with only a small amount . And the conditioner is rich , but rinses clean . Due to my hair type , I need to shampoo daily or my hair looks flat . Again , these products are protective , but do n't flatten out my hair . I 'm in love ! TOTALLY worth the money !
 I use the Frederic Fekkai conditioner as well as the hair repair mask and the two work wonders on my dry hair . I got my hair permed a while back and thought I would never see soft , shiny hair again until it grew out . Using this conditioner and the mask has done wonders . Personally I love the smell as it stays with you all day . I am very sensitive to odors and can not stand overbearing scents , so finding something that I can tolerate is a plus for me . I have had people tell me my hair smells great .
 This particular shampoo and conditioner are , in all honesty , the best shampoo and conditioner I 've ever used . From the first time I used them on my chemically-treated , split-end infested hair , I could not stop touching it ! It was softer , smoother , and shinier then it had been in a long time!Even more notable , my husband , who does n't notice anything of this caliber until it smacks him upside the head , said `` Wow , your hair looks great ! '' TWICE ! BEFORE I even said anything to him!The shampoo also has a decent lather , unlike most pricey ones , and the conditioner has good coverage . A little goes a long way . Also , what 's important to me is that this shampoo and conditioner SMELLS GOOD , which is a big deal considering that most in this price range and above , especially restorative ones , smell like puke!I 've only been using this stuff for a week and I 'm madly in love ... we 'll see what the future brings !
 I was looking to try a new conditioner and came to read the reviews on the Fekkai Technician Conditioner . All of ther reviewers gave 5 stars and claimed that this conditioner is a miracle worker , so I decided to give it a try . While my hair has never been awful , I color it and use quite a bit of heat on it , so the ends get a little frayed and it does n't hold style very well . Since I started using the Fekkai conditioner , my hair is like silk . It has never felt this smooth in my entire life . I do n't need to use a detangler anymore because my hair is tangle-free straight from the shower . It also holds styles much better -LRB- no need to douse it in hairspray ! -RRB- and my hair even looks good after I sleep on it !! I can not say enough good things about this conditioner -- it truly is the miracle worker that everybody says it is !! It is a bit pricey , but buy the 16oz bottle ... only $ 10 more than the 8oz bottle and you get twice as much -LRB- and it lasts forever -RRB- ! Overall , I rate this product 5 stars , it is fabulous and if you have ever colored or heat-styled your hair , this is an absolute must-have !!
 They have a nice sharp edge and smooth cut.work great so far for grooming dogs.compared to other more expensive shears GREAT BUY
 I searched the internet for shears to use for our new puppy . Most of them were very expensive . When I found these at such a great price I decided to try them . They are ok . I would like them to have been sharper . I sometimes have to snip them 2 or 3 times before they cut . Other than that I do like them . I will just have my husband sharpen them , but he really should n't have to because they are new .
 I have used almost all of the Boss fragrances for men over the years and have yet to find one I did n't like . This one is in the top two for sure . It 's not flowery and not musky . It is a real man 's scent .
 Husband loves this scent , and I found it here cheaper than the usual place we get it . Arrived quickly , no issues . Seems genuine from what we could tell .
 This smell last for a day if you are not running around/outdoor person . It just not a pungent/strong type , I would said it 's soft and attractive smell and yet it serves as deodorant. : -RRB- 4.5 out of 5
 I just love it-I gave it to my man and the escent is very provocative ... I just ca n't stay away from it
 When first applied , it has a overbearingly strong orange pepper scent that is n't really to my liking . However , that quickly fades , and what lingers is a suprisingly pleasant and mysterious scent which I would describe as a chocolate wood smell with a hint of cinnamon . This is a gourmand with a touch of class.This is not a casual cologne , but rather one best used in the evenings , especially in slightly more formal situations . I find it lasts a bit longer than some of the other Hugo products . While I do n't consider this to be an every day cologne , it does make a very nice addition to the collection and works very well in the right situations .
 Excellent product seems to last for hours . I have always like the boss products . The price was okay . Shipped very fast ...
 Husband 's favorite ! I do n't understand why they stop making them . The smell is just right , not too strong not too sweet .
 excellent gift for a boyfriend , delicious scent and also quite sensuous . I think it 's good for a contemporary gentleman , since young men might prefer something lighter !
 If you want a soft fragrance that lasts all day , you have to buy the Boss Soul which is excellent . You can buy with confidence that you will not lose your money . Excellent !
 This perfume is excellent . . this is the first Boss perfume I have got . Looking forward to more Boss perfumes . itts got a unique fragrance which is long lasting
 Started buying this for my husband a few years ago and also purchased for my dad . I love being able to purchase this on Amazon and have it shipped right to my home , saves on having to take a trip to the mall .
 yes this perfume is very dazzling ... its smells like cardamom ... very much an arabic type of fragrance ... ill never quit using this perfume
 This is one of my favorite cologne . It is woodsy and long lasting . The rumor is that Boss is dropping it from its line . That 's a shame .
 Boss Soul By Hugo Boss For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3 Ouncesvery good colony
 This is my third bottle and I have dozen others but this I keep going back to . Excellent fragrance .
 Everything is nice . Certainly , HB Soul is a COOL but strong cologne , Cologne lovers
 The bottle shape makes it prone to falling on its side , and the cap has a retaining ring for the spray , which breaks easily when the bottle falls.But the scent is great , maybe more suited for night use and going out than for the office , but not so strong that annoys
 This is the first and only bottle of fragrance that I ever finished ! It smells so yummy ! I bought it while I lived in Germany ; it has since been discontinued -LRB- at least it 's no longer pictured on NC 's website -RRB- . It has a musky , amber-y scent that I find irresistible ! It is not overpowering , either . It 's not a sickly sweet , fruity scent like what you 'll find in overabundance in American stores , and it 's not truly floral either . I 'm ordering another !
 My face is much softer and smoother after using this mask just once . My only complaint is that I have combination oily/dry skin and if I wash my face before putting the mask on -LRB- as the directions indicate -RRB- it will burn , the tea-tree oil will sting . Instead I use it once a week , at the end of the day in place of a facial cleanser.I remember when Swiss Yves had a big blue tub of mineral mud that cost maybe $ 4.99 at any drugstore . Those days are over . It 's so hard to find a great clay mask these days . Most are the clear , cucumber , peel-away masks that get stuck to your eyebrows and hair line . Nothing can clean out your pores and exfoliate the way a clay mask does . If you ca n't get a facial , this Lather stuff is the next best thing .
 I really liked this mask . I could feel it getting deep down into my skin and my face was soft and refreshed after I used it . I have very oily skin and this mask was great for getting all of the dirt and oil out of my skin .
 This is a great product for cleansing and tightening pores . It is a natural and soothing experience for the face.When using this product you will feel a refreshing tingle . Sit back and relax Afterwards your face will feel clean , soft and at the same time tighter . After using a toner your makeup will glide easily across your face . A very nice , natural product .
 Well , I did n't expect it to be as good as it turned out to be . Every time I apply it , there 's a cool tingly sensation which is a good sign -LRB- since it feels like it really works its way down to the pores -RRB- . The mask gives a clear and healthy looking skin for up to 4-5 days so I apply it at least once a week . The smell is calming and minty almost . Definitely worth what you pay for it !
 I just received 2 Jars , thank you all for your reviews.I tryed this yesterday and I truly could feelthis working within just a few minutes.After 10 minutes I washed it off and my facefelt really nice and clean.So far so good . I love not having to pull offa nasty mask.I will be back & leave a better review after a month of usingthis product.Have a blessed day.9-28-2012 I have tried this for a while now , it makes your face tingle a bitand feels nice & clean , however I have not noticed any differancewith my pores . My pores are not very big at all I just thought maybe this might helpbut it did not , not for me anyway .
 After hitting forty , hormones or the environment -- something changed and I began having acne issues , especially blackheads around the oily areas of my face . Proactiv helped with acne , but did n't reduce the enlarged pores or stop blackheads from forming.Long ago , I used a clay mask by Artistry . The mask would visibly draw oil from pores . That 's sort of what I was hoping to happen here , but this was more of a sensory experience . The tea tree oil causes you to feel more than see what was happening.After about three uses , my pores reduced as well as my blackhead issue . The product is almost gone and though I like the progress , I was hoping more than a fifty percent improvement.LATHER White Clay Deep Pore Cleansing Mask has been the first clay white clay mask I 've used since the Artistry days . I 'd like to try a couple of different brands before deciding which I like best . As soon as I do , I 'll update this review .
 This is an ideal mask for my oily skin . I immediately can feel and see the difference . I try to use it in the morning so my skin wo n't be so oily and shiny during the day . It really works . I do n't say it 's a miracle and I do n't have any problems with my skin anymore but I did not expect it . Just a single mask ca n't solve such problem like oily skin with breakouts . But this wonderful mask along with regular facials and using right oil control moisturizer and other products for my type of skin has helped my skin look if not normal than much better . That 's why I keep buying it.Another advantage of this mask - I have kind of sensitive skin -LRB- my blood vessels are close to the surface -RRB- so some masks with menthol or mint make my skin burn . Not this mask . And you have to apply it for 10 min only .
 Princess Rainier of Monaco commissioned Fleurissimo by Creed for Grace Kelly for their wedding day , so in fact it was made for a Princess . The first I was aware of this parfum I received it as a gift . It was purchased at Neiman Marcus and was over $ 150 at that time which was over 5 years ago . I purchased it through Amazon for almost $ 50 less just last year and I love it , get many compliments each time I wear it and it 's nice knowing I am wearing something fit for a Princess .
 I have been wearing this perfume for ages and strangers still come up to me and ask what I 'm wearing and where they can purchase it . I love this fragrance and would highly recommend it . It is a little strong . You only need a couple spritzzes but it 's very effective and lasts all day .
 This is something I love and it is not always easy to find . My family loves the way I smell using this . They agree that it is not too strong and very pleasent . I always get noticed when I am in a room or walk down the hall . Everyone knows I have been there .
 I have worn this fragrance since 1993 . I can not count the number of people who have told me , `` You smell good . '' One spray will last all day and then some . This is a very intense fragance that will definately get you noticed ; sweet yet spicy the perfect blend of naughty and nice .
 This is the second time I have placed an order . Each time the product and service was outstanding . Quality product and fast delivery . I would order again and again without reservation .
 Arrived extremely fast and was exactly what we needed.I have nothing negative to say about my purchase of this product
 I had a friend who worked with the elderly who was looking for a soap that was gentle on the body . I did my research and was very amazed on how Green Soap Tincture alone is good for many things including your body . I decided that I would buy one for myself to give it a try . I was quite amazed on how my skin felt after using the Green Soap Tincture . I say to all who are looking for a healing soap give the Green Soap Tincture a try . I am quite sure you too will be amazed on the great benefits this products offers . I gave this product 5 Stars .
 This green soap is exactly what I have been looking for . Easy to use great communication and efficeiency from the vendor .
 I first heard about this soap from my friend 's MIL . Did n't know it helps to rid poison ivy oils from your skin if used right after you 're done playing in the woods . I use it in a tiny spray bottle when we go camping . I can get this from my local pharmacy , but now that I have Amazon prime I plan on getting it through Amazon -LRB- free shipping -RRB- since I can just order it online . No calling the pharmacy or waiting in line . I 've used it in my bathroom handpumps and shower -LRB- diluted -RRB- and love the `` clean '' smell it gives . Squeaky clean every time .
 It 's the product that I ordered . I know that green soap is the best to use for tattoos and the price is very affordable . Also , it came super fast . I will be ordering from this company again .
 I bought this because every artist who has tattooed me uses it and now I know why - it 's surgical grade and does n't burn or irritate healing tattoos or piercings . I use it on healing tattoo , piercings and on my stretched lobes for regular cleaning .
 Slightly thinner and paler than green soaps I have used before . And it sometimes gums up the applicator -LRB- Mine has a very fine opening -RRB- . But its good soap and cleans well . Gets automotive grease off fast !!
 great customer service . great product . had a problem with shiping , they handeled it the same day . will be ordering again .
 This soap is biodegradable , it is delicate on your skin , it has a pleasant scent and you can use it for any washing need . I use this tincture diluted with water to cleanse skin in preparation for tattoo . This soap does not burn on tattooed skin , it is almost NO suds , and it is a fantastic soap . This is the same soap they used in Hospitals for many years and some still do . it is not antibacterial nor is it antimicrobial . but I will say that it is very effective at cleansing skin and not irritating it .
 if your artist doesnt use green soap then run away as fast as you can . this is what professionals trust
 I use this product as a household cleaner . It is the main ingredient of a very expensive &#34; membership &#34; product and works just as well for the fraction of the price . The product arrived quickly and the bottle was sealed .
 i 've tried this product and its the real medical green soap you need if you are tatooing not the tattoo co. brands , for one reason you know what you are getting with this brand because i 've seen it in doctors offices before.i like it , its good for stencils and cleaning or wiping the tattoo acess ink and blood , its not already diluted like some i bought from tattoo co 's . this is the real deal not fake , and a good price for commerial brand medical soap . this soap helps stop the swelling and stop the bleeding while tattooing is in process . i give it a 10 if i could.its also good for cleaning cuts and soars and razor nicks . thanks crazy rick
 This perfume is one of the BEST perfume I 've ever owned ! If you are a type of person that likes mellow , fresh , jasmine smelling perfume , then this is the one for you ! I 've always hated the type of nasty perfume that you can smell from a mile a way and sting your nose with it . But this perfume has that affect but does n't over power your nose . If you want a intimate and personal smell , Jewel is ideal . This perfume is great for people of all ages , a perfect gift for yourself , girlfriends , mother , grandmother , etc. . I also own many expensive perfume such as dior , channel , kate spade , and DNKY , but none of those smell as classy as alfred sung 's Jewel .
 If you like a fresh shower mellow scent . This is for you . Great for women who do n't want their perfume to enter the room before they do . Almost like a powder scent , daytime scent .
 its original made by canada thats what i wantvery soft romantic perfume , thanks alot
 I was very pleased when I got this fragrance . I did order it without knowing how it smells like . Scent is light and romantic . Lasts long . The bottle size is comfortable to carry it in my purse .
 It 's a nice , light perfume . It is n't too heavy but its not extremely light to a point that it can not be smelled . Good price and a nice bottle shape .
 GOOD PRODUCT - BAD SELLER ! A friend of mine came into my office at work . She smelled amazing ! I asked her what she was wearing - she replied ` Alfred Sung Jewel ' . She let me try it and I had to have it ! I Googled it and it brought me to Amazon . I ordered it from AAA PERFUME MERCHANTS on Amazon . It is advertised for $ 18.30 + FREE SHIPPING . However , when you go to check out , it adds $ 5.94 for shipping ! I immediately cancelled it and then reordered directly from Amazon .
 Following on the heels of his lovely women 's perfume , Shi , and his successful men 's fragrance , Hie , noted designer Alfred Sung has introduced Jewel . What first catches your eye is the bottle - it 's a crystal . Each one is different , unique with light reflected in the various facets . The spray cap is found on the bottom , thus the bottle looks very much like its name - a jewel.Topped by white floral and fruit notes , the scent is full-bodied , fresh ; the word radiant comes to mind . Other notes include Night Blooming Jasmine , Orange Flower , Frangipani Petals with touches of Coconut Milk and Plum.Jewel is also available in Body Lotion and Hand Cream . Enjoy ! - Gail Cooke
 Jewel perfume is so hard to find in stores . I have been wearing it for years & is my favorite ! The one I ordered online smelled as expected , but I do n't know why , it looks clear like water comparing to the store bought bottle , which has a tint of yellowish color to it , I had at home .
 I was desperate to find a replacement for the bottle I already had and I was nearing empty !! Oh no !!! So I turned to my favorite online &#34; store &#34; and found it ... YEAH !!! I wish Alfred Sung would bring this scent back !!!
 Another perfect perfume !! Not to strong , a lot of compliments ... I just wish , the bottle had a better spray to get the last of the perfume when it hits the bottom ... Thank You !! Tamara
 My husband does n't comment on my perfumes often , but when I first wore this , he actually stopped what he was doing and said I smelled great !!!
 I bought Jewel Perfume For Women by Alfred Sung as a newbie to perfume . I did n't want to pay an arm and a leg to try out what I like in perfumes , and the pricing of this is just unbelievable.The first couple blasts were strong . Then the next few smelled of alcohol , soap , or chemicals but it might have had to do with storing it horizontally instead of vertically . The past few weeks I have been enjoying the clean scent of the perfume . Not too old , not too young . Just right , and I now use it on a daily basis for a not overwhelming , not too powerful scent.Drawbacks
 I have been looking for a light airy floral . Jewel is wonderful and is like being in a spring garden on a humid night when you can smell the jasmine and orange blossoms . I do n't smell the coconut but it is a light but lasting scent . My husband loves it ! The bottle is beautiful and for the price you can almost take baths in it !
 I have been looking for this forever , and now I know where to get it I will always go here . I LOVE IT !!!!
 I use this perfume for special occasions only . I love this perfume because it 's not to overpowering or nauseating . It 's light and fresh and beautiful . Love it !
 This is a wonderful feminine and light scent . Very fresh and I 've received many compliments . I received my perfume in record time too .
 moisturized so much ... . cool feeling after applying on your face , and feel tender in the morning ... I would like to buy this again in the next summer
 A very nice and instant hydrating masque that you need a quick fix before party
 This mask is gentle enough to be used daily . It gives my skin a nice healthy glow . A very good product for the money . I will continue to use this mask .
 It is really helpful to calm down your skin , hydrating and smooth . My skin is very sensitive , but this product really works well . Highly recommend to refrigerate it .
 I like using this product when my skin feels it needs a little moisture bump up . It feels nice and smells decent .
 I bought this because I saw it is ultra-soothing and super moisturizering masque . I used it after using the mud pore-cleaning mask to reduce the irritation and hydration . However , I found this super-mild gel stings area around my mouth . Ache lasted 2 min then went fine ... . I am not sensitive skin.The description says it ca n't cause any irritation so I suspect this product is a fake ... . I do n't know .
 This product is terrific after one use . Your skin after one use will be softer , after many uses your skin really shows it . I am 65 so I can see the difference .
 It feels like velvet on your face . I 've been using it for four years and it has been great . I recommend it to people with sensitive skin who suffer finding appropriate cream and they love it too . Do n't have to worry about buying it for someone else as a gift . It is so sensitive and velvety that no one will have negative reaction .
 My wife 's favorite color that was discontinued is her signature color . Goes with any combinaation of colors and gets many compliments .
 I love this lipstick for its moisturizing conditioner and the color lasts most of the night . The only problem was they discontinued it in most drug stores -LRB- what were they thinking ???? -RRB-
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 This is the real deal . This is the only perfume I have ever loved . It is one of the few that is made from REAL flowers , not chemicals , and the scent is heavenly . Never cloying - delicate and elegant - this will grace your body and make you feel divine . The seller is great - prompt delivery .
 this scent is in my top five.but i certainly do n't think it 's for everyone.very smoky , powdery and dense , it 's an experience as much as a perfume .
 Habanita smells along the lines of vintage Chantilly to me , although Habanita is more complex and much finer . Chantilly is spicier & more feminine , and Habanita is oilier & more masculine . The vanilla in Habanita keeps it from becoming your dad 's aftershave . However , both Habanita & Chantilly are powdery leathers that are difficult for me to categorize as floral . Of the two , I think most people would find Chantilly easier to wear . Since Habanita was first , I 'll assume that Chantilly was inspired by Habanita , rather than copied Habanita . ; -RRB- I love Chantilly , but Habanita is Gorgeous . Drop . Dead . Gorgeous . I only wish Habanita would last longer on my skin . It 's very imbalanced , and it almost becomes shy on me . Look at the bottle - Habanita is no wallflower . It must be my skin or my nose .
 I first bought this fragrance in the south of France in a little shop in Nice about 2 years ago and loved it ! But when it began to run out I worried that I would not find it in the United States . I was so excited to find it on Amazon and for such a great price . I had paid 100 Euros for this size bottle plus a small one in France , so the price on Amazon was fabulous . Shipping was fast and the product was everything I had found in Nice . I 'm just thrilled to have found this beautiful perfume in America . Buy it ladies and drive your man crazy .
 This is a perfume that I would have never bought in a store.A friend , who knows a lot about details of different scents , base notes , middle notes ... etcrecommended Habanita after learning that my other favorites are Gres by Cabochard and Bvlgari Black.These are not for everybody . You love them or hate them . There is no middle ground.So , I bought Habanita on amazonand was very disappointed - for the first 30 minutesthen it changed and kept changing over the next hours.It turned into
 Remembering an aroma is as difficult to do as color marching with out samples . My impression is that there is some change that has been made to the perfume formula . Comparing what I ordered with the few dreps remaining from a much earlier gift , it seemed as if some of the subtle vanilla and bergamot notes were less obvious . The fragrance is still one I like , and I will continue to enjoy using it . It does last and I 've recieved compliments when wearing it.A minor slightly humorous note . The classic figures on the bottle have been slenderized . Who would ever change a Lalique design ?
 Very happy with this product . It is easy to use , and over time , it does work to diminish lines around the eyes .
 I 've using this product along with the Deep Clean Facial Cleanser twice a day everyday for the past 3 years and my skin looks fantastic . No acne . No acne scarring . And now I have absolutley smooth & soft skin . It also has a nice citrus scent which makes up for the bad scent of the Facial Cleanser . This product definitely goes on my `` A '' list .
 I have pretty dry skin , and living in Colorado , I have to be careful what I use to clean my face . Also , I have really sensitive skin . This was a perfect product for me ! My skin feels very clean after using it , but not at all dry . I like the smell and the gentle scrub of it . I also like that it is available with the subscribe and save . This is a great feature for products that I tend to forget to re-order until I have run out !
 This product works instantly . I 've only used it for one night and my pores have noticeably reduced . I also have sensitive and extremely dry skin . Because it 's gentle , it does n't feel rough on my skin at all.I 'm trying this out along with Clean & Clear new moisturizers with SPF . And combined , they work wonders . I normally use Cetaphil moisturizing lotion on my face for my ezcema , but have n't needed to apply that at all!Works great !
 I had a bone marrow transplant recently and as a result , have EXTREMELY sensitive skin . Finding products that clean my face well while also not tearing it to shreds are few and far between . Obviously , it is a bit on the expensive side , which knocked it down from 5 stars , but I guess that 's what happens when you want to buy stuff like this .
 Both my boyfriend and I use this face scrub and love it . One of the reasons he uses it is because it does not smell feminine , it has a neutral odor to it . Its a white , creamy like scrub . I use it in the shower on my face and neck before I wash my face with the cleanser in the morning . I like it because it gets all the dead skin off and leaves my face feeling fresh . My boyfriend says it helps with ingrown hairs on his face . I highly recommend this product for both men and women and with this price its unbeatable .
 I was worried about my oily skin type . But after using Neutrogena Deep Clean Gentle Scrub , I felt less oily on my face . I recommend this cleanser very strongly to everyone who are worried about her oily skin .
 There are so many skin types , but this one , in combination with the Clear Pore Cleanser/Mask -LRB- with benzoyl Peroxide -RRB- works great for my 30-something skin . Still prone to break-outs , these products alone keep me break-out free . -LRB- I may have an occassional pimple when I am under stress . -RRB- I can not recommend this product enough . Many scrubs contain saylacidic acid which breaks out my skin horribly . This one does not have that , but is just a great exfoliator with the micro beads . AND it smells wonderful !
 I 've been using this for about two years now and people keep telling me that my skin looks great . I have combination/sensitive skin -LRB- the kind that flakes or looks red -RRB- so take it from me , THIS WILL DO YOU NO HARM . I have n't used makeup in months ! LOVE THIS STUFF .
 ok so i used to use this all the time when i was a teenager and had GORG skin with maybe one pimple every so often . Everyone used to compliment me on how beautiful my skin was . Then i stopped and idk why i ever did . Im 25 now and started to break out , out of no where ! tried alot of cleansers but still oily skin and break outs . dr put me on birth control ortho tri cyclon lo and my break outs reduced ALOT but still some . I started using this and 1 week later CLEAR BEAUTIFUL SKIN !! gives you a deep clean and makes your skin SOOO smooth . Wo n't stop using this anymore . I learned my lesson .
 I used to use the deep clean invigorating facial scrub which was effective ... it made my face feel clean but it made my skin very dry and tight after using it so I could only use it once or twice a week . This scrub is basically the same thing except it has smaller beads and much gentler on the skin . It does n't dry out my skin and it leaves it with the same clean and refreshed feeling as the invigorating scrub . I use this scrub every other day in the shower ; on the other days I use the neutrogena microdermabrasion kit which is also a phenomenal product .
 I ran out . My skin was clear . I thought - no big deal , I should n't be so product dependent anyway . One monthlater - zits . OMG . I ordered more . One week later , skin is healing and looks great again / or close to it.Whew . Learned MY lesson !
 After searching high and low I have finally found the only product that seems to work for me . I do n't have really bad skin , but I do have oily skin and my skin is never completely clear . I never have 100 % clear skin for longer than a day , because a pimple always seems to appear and form by the next day . I bought affordable products that received multiple rave reviews but it always ended the same for me . With Deap Clean Gentle Scrub , my skin started clearing up almost right away . People noticed that my skin was clearing up and I got various compliments on my skin for the first time . This was the answer to my prayers . I also bought the invigorating foam scrub by neutrogena because it seemed to have very good reviews as well . So after I ran out of my gentle scrub I tried the invogorating foaming scrub . My skin was back to breaking out all over again . That 's when I went on Amazon and bought the gentle scrub . It arrived today and boy am I relieved . This is really the only facial scrub for me . It 's truly a life saver and for such an affordable price . I will never let you go , ever again .
 Love the product . I feel that my face is clean and refreshing after I use . I also like the product because I can use everyday without overdrying my skin .
 I use this once a day in the night to help get all my pores clean from the day . This has a nice light scent and makes my face really soft . I recommend this scrub .
 I was using this product for 2 years until a year ago , and in those 2 years my skin looked the BEST it has ever been in my life . This cleanser is gentle yet cleans SO well . It goes deep down into your pores and takes the dirty stuff right out . My skin is oily and I 've been struggling with really bad clogged pores and blackhead/whiteheads and occasional inflamed pimples for as long as I can remember ! All those problems were gone when I was using this product . But about a year ago I decided to switch around and see what else is out there . I decided to switch to much more `` gentle '' cleansers designed for normal skin instead of oily skin . And my face has been going downhills ever since ... Now I again have a lot of clogged pore and whiteheads that are SOOOO annoying :-LRB- I 'm gon na switch back to this product tonight and hopefully it will salvage my face like it once did !
 I have used many high end scrubs and this is one of the best and least expensive . Each time I use the scrub , my skin feels really clean and fresh . Makeup goes on better too . Will buy again . Do n't need very much so the tube will last quite a while .
 I do n't know if my skin has more glow with this , but certainly feels refreshed.I learned exfoliation once a week is good , so was looking for a product . I used to use Clinique 's 7 day scrub , but it was a bit harsh now . This scrub is very fine and I do n't feel it is too abrasive , yet feels very clean afterwards . I have combination skin with a history of having eczema in childhood . As many reviewers say , however , this product does not make my dry area dryer.I think it is doing the job . The price is right , too . I will keep using this product .
 I 've used this scrub for years . I have sensitive skin and will break out with a lot of facial wash or scrub . I need something gentle yet tough enough since i get dry skin build up on my forehead . This is gentle but will also keep my face soft and smooth . I recommend to everyone , I ca n't live without this product .
 I love exfoliation , I exfoliate daily in some way shape or form and this is one of the better exfoliants I 've used . It does leave my skin red for a little while after using , but I see the results and love how my skin looks and feels since using it .
 This product works just as it says . Your skin feels and looks better in less then a week . I would recomend this product .
 works good . i love neutrogena though and have used neutrogena stuff for a while now . i am very please with what it does , and it is not expensive either . other products are throught the roof and do nothing at all .
 I 've been using this scrub for two years now . Good for sensitive skin makes my skin look refreshed and youthful . I received in a timely manner with no problems .
 Unlike others , I only use this product once a week , I do n't use it as my normal cleanser . I use it once a week as a mask and I really feel it gets the job done . I leave it on for about 3-5 minutes and then wash it off and use my other products as I normally would . It gets the extra oil off my 20 year old sensitive skin and does n't leave my face red like other masks . I do n't buy this product off of Amazon , I usually just buy it at my local Walmart . I think it 's about $ 5-6 dollars for one tube there . I only use this once a week so it lasts a VERY long time for me , but if you 're choosing to use it daily I am not sure how long it lasts . I feel this is a great Mask product to get the extra oil once a week and I would reccommend it !
 I love this product . First of all , It smells like St.Joseph 's Aspirin For Children . That 's an orange candy smell . It 's refreshing and delicious . `` Refreshing '' is the best word for this scrub . It freshens my face in the summer by scrubbing off the layers of sweaty dead skin and sun lotion , and it freshens my complexion in the winter by sloughing off the dead winter skin . I have combination skin , and this scrub softens and cleans and balances and leaves me with soft fresh skin . I LOVE THIS . Sometimes I get bored and buy something else , but I always go right out and buy more of this scrub . I ca n't live without it .
 Amazon priced this perfectly - identical to in-store . No driving and no shipping cost.Deep clean name refers more to the cream as it contains slightly more astringent to give that &#34; taught and clean &#34; feeling . The grains are fine and not aggressively coarse like St. Ives . Use this every other night and lasts for about 4-5 months .
 I have used far too many products on my face trying to control what blemishes do arise . I have started to trust Neutrogenas products more as of late due simply to reviews from others.First , this is far better for your face than the other scrubs that might use walnut shell and the like . The microbeads in this product will be far kinder to your face in the long run . Second , this does have a hydroxy compound in it ; this is often recommended by dermatologists in place of using salycylic acid products.This product does not burn and I use it almost daily in the morning . I recommend it highly .
 Being in a nasty environment in a foreign country , you really need something worth while to clean out your pores . This product is great . My wife uses it and I decided to try it out and it really does make a difference with how your face feels -LRB- cleanliness-wise -RRB- . Great prodcut and I would definitely recommend it .
 This facial soap feels very fresh and silky . It has a pleasant scent . . The beads could be smaller and more plentiful , but overall I think this is an excellent basic cleansing scrub .
 I bought this product hoping the extra scrubbing power of the beads would reduce or eliminate facial acne . Unfortunately it did n't work for me . However , the scrub does make my face feel smoother , so I will continue using it for that . The product has a pleasing fruit scent that does n't persist after it is washed off.Be warned , if you have n't used a scrub before , it does feel like you are rubbing sand on your face . I have sensitive skin and this product has not caused any irritation , but your results may vary.Only a small amount is required per use , so I expect it to last a long time . Good value .
 Great product to use every day or when you feel you need a little extra exfoliation . My teenagers like it , as do I.
 Men ... if you have large pores that get clogged up this is for you . I started using this two months ago . It will keep your pores clean and open . After just one month I found that the pores on my nose were staying open and actually seemed to be slowly diminishing in size . I have this as one of my many subscribe and save items ... so I know it will be a good price and I know it will arrive with all my other sub/saves on the 1st of every month .
 this product was amazing !!! :-RRB- I recommend this to everyone with skin like mine -LRB- OILY -RRB- . I 'm 13 and LOVE this ! Plus it 's not too harsh on my skin !!!!
 I use this facial scrub in conjunction withNeutrogena Oil-Free Deep Clean Cream Cleanser , 7 Ounce , and I have to say , these two products make quite the knock-out combo . This scrub is gentle enough that it does n't irritate your face but potent enough to scrub away dead skin and leave your complexion brighter and clearer . I also adore the smell of it -- kind of a fresh , orangey scent . The only thing I enjoy smelling more first thing in the morning is my coffee . : -RRB- Highly recommended !
 I have tried numerous scrubs , facial cleansers and this is by far the best one I have ever used ! I have very sensitive skin and also suffer from severe eczema . This product has cleared up my face a great deal and not once has irritated my eczema . This is perfect for anyone suffering from eczema or really sensitive skin .
 I love the fresh light fragrance of Ginger and Citrus and I keep one in my gym bag for after the workout and one at home for a refreshing pick-me-up .
 I have been looking for this product for many years and to my surprise came across it on Amazon.The product is just how I remember it ; light , fresh scent , ample size and easy to use spray.I am very pleased with this product and will order more in the near future .
 My first time using this product was while attending classes ; the OHM by OLAY was available for use along with a second product in the restroom area . I preferred the OHM and was unable to find in stores so I went to the internet.The smell is natural and mellow ; which is me ; and not overpowering.Another Man 's Treasure was excellent and quick with my order that I received within three days .
 I have loved this fragrance since it first came out . There have only been a few fragrances that I have ever REALLY liked enough to wear daily and this is one I particularly like . For me , the fragrance is nostalgic - it takes me back in time and has a soothing effect for me . Neither the rose nor the jasmine overwhelm the other . And the fragrance itself is not overbearing . It is a perfectly balanced blend of two of my favorite flower fragrances .
 The Jasmine in this is really soft and sweet , I do n't usually like rose , but since it blends just right with the Jasmine it totally works ! Actually you ca n't tell that it 's rose at all . Anyway I have been hunting for this since they discontinued it and I hope they release it again ! I bought it 9 years ago and still remember it ! Ironically as the last review says , it 's nostalgic for me too !
 Most body soap/wash is the same ol same ol - the scent of rose and jasmine are very rarely combined in anything but perfume - and here . It 's perfect - I bought a whole case since wal mart and walgreens decided to stop carrying this !
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 The order came very quickly ; I have not used the items myself as they will be given as a Christmas gift . They are nicely packaged and will make for a lovely present . I may add some extra toiletries to further personalize the gift .
 great deal on a great set . I Love the slippers , loofah items and bag . Would make a nice gift .
 I got this for my dad for a Christmas present . He loves it , the quality is great . I searched for hours trying to pick out the right set . This is definitely one of the more expense grooming kits but so far , no complaints . The day he got it , my brother actually used the nail clippers to trim his dogs claws . The clippers handled to task without any problem . The case is nice and compact and makes for easy traveling .
 I travel for long periods so I needed something to maintain my nails while on the road . I put these in checked bags only -LRB- you do not want them seized at the airport -RRB- . The tools are well crafted , extra sharp and the clippers open wide which has the added benefit of allowing me to trim my dogs nails with them . They are a luxury but like all Henckel products , you can pass this down to the next generation .
 The best I could find ! The tools work perfectly . I expect this to last for a life time . The case good looking .
 The manicure set arrived quickly and in time for Christmas.My husband really liked it because the implements werevery sharp and well made .
 I was given this by a hairdresser as a gift . I used it and love it . it does leave your scalp and hair feeling fresh . Great buy !
 Only conditioner I can use now -- the tea tree oil makes your head tingle . this is great for dry scalps .
 Fast shipping and very good price on a more than worthwhile product . Bottle was not same as pictured but who can really complain ?
 Hard times ?? Ca n't afford the perfume you usually wear ?? This is a great way to still wear your favorite scent or try a new one that you are n't sure about ... and stay within budget . The smell of this one is definitely oriental spice.spicy and floral , with notes of amber . Definitely evening wear .
 A unique and eye catching perfume bottle - curved with a marron glace copper lace corset for a luxurious wrap.Top notes are rose made even more mysterious by a tad of rum and orchid . Base notes include mere hints of vanilla , sandalwood and sweet amber.A rare scent best for evening and special occasions .
 Love the smell of this ginger citrus Ohm soap !
 Please find this soap , I think I bought the last you had . I have enough to get thru the summer -- then it 's gone . Ca n't Olay bring back a discontinued item if so many people are willing to buy it ? I have tried to find other soaps to replace it , but all I did was waste my money . I am 52 years old and have never had a soap this good . Can you help ?
 By far , the best soap ever ! Love the smell . Just tried the Rose & Jasmine scent ... that is also incredible . Can not find it any more in our local pharmacies . Hope it has not been discontinued .
 You will never want to leave your shower when you use this soap . It is the best smelling and invigorating soap I have ever used !
 I bought the soap for a co worker who has been unable to find it anywhere . She was ecstatic ! I will buy again when needed .
 When I first tried this soap I was blown away ! The fresh scent was so enticing that I got the body spray the next day ! I have sensitive skin so when I found that I could actually use this soap without any negative reactions I went back to the store and purchased all they had on the shelf ! The next best thing about this soap is that it does n't create a lot of soap ` scum ' in your shower . And it 's so gentle I can use it 3 times a day!Unfortunately , it 's been discontinued so all I will have left -LRB- once I run out -RRB- are the memories !
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 L'air du Temps has been a favorite of mine since I was 18 . I love clean/floral scents that are n't overbearing and this has always been one that I enjoyed and have always been complimented on how it smells on . This beautiful Lalique bottle is a collectors dream if you have n't tried L'air Du Temps I suggest checking your department store to get a sample first because it does have a distinct scent that on some can come across way too strong , but in general it 's beautiful and well made.I buy this up as often as I can so I always have it on my vanity , in my purse , luggage , etc. .
 This product was nothing short of miraculous for me.I 'm in my early forties now with skin that has been trouble-prone since I hit my teens ... and while I have used various and sundry products to control breakouts from acne and rosacea -LRB- which started about age 40 -RRB- , including retin A cream , topical and systemic antibiotics , and every sort of over the counter cleanser , these treatments helps but if anything my breakouts were coming closer together and getting more severe as I aged.I 've been using the mask for about 8 mos and my skin is the nicest and most healthy it 's been in many years ... I had rapid improvement of both my regular acne and the rosacea on top of it.Caution - I 've never had any benzoyle peroxide sensitivity . People who are irritated by benzoyle peroxide probably wo n't have the same kind of experience I do.BP creams have always helped , but were not as effective as this mask , which really gets down in the pores.I use it heavily . I apply it either before I brush my teeth or before I get in the shower . It is cool and refreshing . I usually let it sit as a mask for a few minutes before I rinse off , although sometimes I use it just as a cleanser when my skin needs freshening ... like after I 've walked through a cloud of someones cigarette smoke.It leaves my skin very , very clean , and * soft . * I have never had any dryness or irritation from this product at all ... indeed , my skin has become less sensitive and reactive and is calm and feels good when it used to be angry and irritated all the time . The dryness others warn of has never been an issue for me . it makes my skin feel like normal healthy skin.Working outside in the heat or cleaning in a dusty , dirty environment used to cause my skin to break out . Now before cleaning or working I will actually put a bit of this mask on - wne I am done , my skin is none the worse the wear for the activity ... I stay clear and smooth . I guess it blocks the irritants or stops the sebaceous glands from making my pores either block or become a haven for bacteria.I do not have serious acne all over my body ... just a very trouble prone face for most of my adult life . The benzoyle peroxide mask has ended this trouble for me . I simply smooth a couple times a day for about the time it takes to brush teeth , and wash it off . No prescriptions , no panicked spot treatment of painful blemishes or pustules ... just perfect skin for me . Amazing !!!!
 This is a great idea and useful for anyone who prefers to use Benzoyl Peroxide in a wash instead of a cream . I like using this once every few weeks to kill the bacteria that can cause blackheads . It is a rich , creamy clay-like mask that instantly dissolves when water is applied . You can apply this before getting in the shower and it easily rinses away.As the product penetrates into your pores , you feel a cooling sensation . This is also a wonderful product to use on large areas of your body , like your back in the summer , etc. . If warm weather makes you break out , try this product a few times a week and I think you will see a difference in the clearness of your skin.It is rather drying , so you might want to use a more intense moisturizer on the day you use this product .3.5 % Benzoyl PeroxideAlso look for Biore Deep Cleansing Pore StripsClean & Clear concealing treatment stick ~ The Rebecca Review
 The product is perfect to use as a daily cleanser or as an intensive mask . I 've used it for a month and my face is neat and oil free . Although , I recommend not to exceed 3-4 mins when using as a mask , since I experienced excessive drying afterwards .
 This product works and does help get rid of acne . If you plan on using it as a mask id consider not leaving it on for more than 5 minutes if you have sensitive skin like me . It may burn , cause rednesss and even make skin super dry if used to much or too long . I like to use it as a face wash and it truely gets rid of blackheads and breakouts : -RRB-
 I use this cleanser and tend to recommend it.I have used many , many fancy and store bought brands and the Neutrogena CPM seems to help keep my break outs to a minimum . I am not saying it is the best , but I know two other good friends who see the same results I do . It just works for us . Unfortunately stress , diet and hormones have a significant affect on my acne , which can be anything from mild to severe.Basically , if I use this in conjunction with a very mild cleanser my skin looks clear . I have also noticed , if I wash in circles for 30 sec to a full minute and rinse well , my skin looks very clean and almost radiant . And it feels soft from the tiny , tiny exfoliation beads.The mask is too drying , but as a cleanser , I prefer it to proactiv . And frankly the acne market is worth billions , so I tend to use affordable products if I can , that work.EDIT
 Now that I 'm over 50 , I ca n't believe I still get acne . I found this product on a whim and use it 3-4 times a week . It 's a thick white cooling gel that you can wash off immediately or wait and use it like a mask . I ca n't believe that it has cleared up my skin and tightened up pores . I truly wish I had this as a teenager . I 've never had a problem with it over-drying . It 's not expensive either when you consider that the better your skin looks , the better you feel . Great stuff ! Walgreens and most drug stores carry this .
 I started using Neutrogena 's Clear Pore Cleanser/Mask in May 2010 when I started to suffer from -LRB- surprising -RRB- adult acne . I had deep , painful acne cysts around my jawline and cheeks that did n't seem to go away despite the use of harsh RX cleansers and gels . With my sensitive skin , the harsh formula of the RXs seemed to just my skin raw , chapped , and aching . On a whim , I decided to try the Clear Pore Cleanser/Mask because of the Benzoyl Peroxide formula that was similar to the RX but without some of the other additives . My first impressions using it were that this cleanser did not sting and burn my face as the RX had done . After about three days of using the product , I began to notice that the size of my acne cysts had decreased considerably and were less painful and red in appearance . By week two of using the product , I had no new breakouts and the acne I had was nearly gone . Additionally , my skin seemed to be handling the formula well - I had smooth , normal sky . No dry patches , redness , or peeling . Over a year later , I rarely have breakouts and when I do , I apply the cleanser as a mask for 5 minutes twice a day and the blemish is gone within two days . The only negative point about this cleanser is that it can be hard to wash off your hands and face . The cleanser is very much the consistency of a mask and , therefore , it takes a little bit extra time to get off your fingers . I recommend using a washcloth to wipe away the cleanser from your face -LRB- and also to provide a bit of exfoliation for your skin -RRB- . With the amount of money I save from not having to make a dermatology appointment and buy RX cleansers and medicine along with the beauty benefits make this an outstanding product !
 This is the best acne cleansing product there is out there . Do not waste money on expensive stuff and kits and blah . Use this once a week if you have mild acne problem , or whenever u see a breakout . The key in usage is to massage slowly all over and take 1 min at least to do that and at least another minute to rinse it off . Also , use very less detergent/bleach , and no fabric softener on towels u use with your face . Trust me , this last tip does it .
 I 've been having acne since 13 , now I 'm 24 . This is the only product -LRB- from thousands of treatments I used -RRB- that made a huge diference in my skin.I can really feel my skin cleaner after I use it and I do n't break out that much I used to.It even helps with post acne marks.The only down side is that I find it very hard and the shipping costs are bigger than the product itself.But it woths every penny .
 intense cooling feeling !? more like faceburning , feeling like i 'm talking to Sirius Black via the floo network with my head in a fire , bacteria burning away in a sludge of lava-like facemask feeling.I ADORE this product . I 've been going to the dermatologist since the age of 9 for acne , and this product is just fabulous . Even after six months of accutane , the only side effects in my very-sensitive skin were facial redness for about half an hour and having to hear the agonized screams of the bacteria on my skin being burned away . love it , love it , love it.I would recommend this product to just about anyone .
 I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks . I get blackheads and sometimes acne , especially if I do n't follow my skin reggie.The texture is white and thick , clay-like . It tingles on the skin . I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower , then rinse with cool water . I use every night , as a mask once a week.My skin reggie : Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every night , as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only , change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face , do n't pick blemishes
 I have always had fairly bad acne . If I use this product -LRB- as the mask -RRB- twice a week it makes a significant difference in the amount of breakout I have .
 I really wanted to buy this from here because I cant seem to find it in Duane reade but why is the price 18.99 , double the cost at the store . I guess ill keep looking elsewhere . But overall this product is great .
 Like good hair styling cream/paste , a little dab does it all you need ! so , this is economical as well as effective and luxurious cleaning for your face . Recommend this for someone who does n't even have acne but wants a good firm and refreshing mask . Put it on before shower and let it dry then lather in the shower/bath , etc. the newest variety seems to have beads in it , which I do n't like . Make sure to get this one labeled Cleanser/Mask or you might just get a face wash which is used up in no time and far too thin . This stuff is the bomb ! I 'm not really girly and I hardly wear any makeup but I like my hair styled just-so and like the cleanliness of this mask . Also , it 's not harsh or abrasive like some others are - like I tried a Noxzema cream wash/mask - no no no no OUCH ! Neutrogena is the gold-standard in OTC washes anyway - just get it !
 I 've been using for about a month and a half . There was some stinging sensation the first few times I used it , but no longer . Mostly use it for areas on my face where I have problems with blackheads . While not completely gone , my pores are reduced and many of them have vanished . I love this product !
 This mask/cleaner is excellent !! it cleans and I exspecially like the mask . You can feel a really cool tingly , refreshing sensation . it 's like u can feel it working !! I really like it and I 'm sure you will 2
 Okay , I observed my wife and my brother use this product upon the effusive recommendation of my sister-in-law . My sister-in-law and my wife have basically perfect skin , rarely a pimple ever forms for them . My brother also uses this product to great effect as well , which I have observed over the past year . My wife uses this as a routine facial cleanser , then she applies moisturizer after she 's done . She does not get irritated skin.Personally , I think a lot of commercial cosmetic products are super expensive , over rated items that take advantage of the `` newest fad '' . -- Okay , off the soapbox . This particular Neutrogena product seems to be different .
 This product has replaced my Proactive cleanser . It has 3.5 % benzoyl peroxide , 1 % more than proactive , so it really keeps your skin clear . CAn be used as a mask and cleanser . It is non irritating , and does not dry my face out . Dissolves oil too . I use the benzoyl peroxide moisturizer -LRB- step 3 -RRB- from proactive . This is the only product that always works and does not irritate my skin , with exfoliants . I also use this with the Neutrogena Wave Duo , I rinse out the soap from the disposable pads and use it to deep clean my face .
 I wanted a slightly lighter color , more like a light beige but this is only a bit darker than what I wanted . But it is a frost which is what I was looking for , and goes on very nicely . It also does n't crack or fade or dry out your lips . You could pay a lot more to get a similar product .
 love j.lo still perfume . arrived in the time said & was less expensive than goign to the department store !! yippe
 This product says it delivers in like two weeks and I got it in one week !! I love the scent , so pretty and sweet ! You seriously get this huge bottle at a third of the original price !! As soon as I run out , I will definitely only go through here to pick up some more ! This is the best deal for my favorite scent ! Btw , you get so many compliments on this perfume because it literally lasts all day !!
 Still is a very nice sophisticated scent if you like flowers like orange blossoms , roses , and jasmine combined together . I would say this is evening fragrance .
 I love this lipstick for its moisturizing conditioner and the color lasts most of the night . The only problem was they discontinued it in most drug stores -LRB- what were they thinking ???? -RRB-
 I tried this product at a hotel I was staying at and loved it . I looked it up on Amazon and they had it . GREAT ! I ordered both shampoo and conditioner and love it . The smell is heavenly on your hair . I received it in a very prompt manner and only a few days from my order . I will definitely be ordering again . Great response and outcome . I highly advise ...
 Bought this product for years from high class store . Tha price was out of this world like up to $ 160.00 a bottle well not anymore buying it from you now .
 Good price and fragrance was nice . Not what I normally wear but a nice flowery scent .
 smells really fresh and clean . i really like it . smells a little alchohol-y when first sprayed but after alcohol denatures it smells great !! i might be buying another bottle .
 smells really fresh and clean . i really like it . smells a little alchohol-y when first sprayed but after alcohol denatures it smells great !! i might be buying another bottle .
 If you like 360 White -LRB- a JPG La Male clone -RRB- you will love 360 Black because they are similar , but black has an extra tea spice note to it which makes it slightly more masculine and complex . Both are cold weather , romantic or evening colognes though so I do n't feel it is fair to compare them to the original 360 . Women melt over the smell of both the 360 White and the 360 Black . However , I do n't see a need to have BOTH the Black and the White since they are so similar . Just get one or the other.I would say that 360 Red and Perry Reserve are daytime/warmer weather colognes or for those who just want to smell fresh with a light scent . Perry Ellis colognes last a very long time , easily 10 hours.Definitely try out the `` New '' Perry Ellis in the clear rectangular bottle -LRB- with black wooden cap -RRB- . I 've had or have all the Perry Ellis colognes has made in the past 15 years and this new reformulated cologne is my all time favorite not only of his line , but of all colognes I 've ever tried .
 hey guys , I 'm 25 . I did n't know what to expect , I just took advantage of the super shipping offered by Amazon and the suuper cheap price for a 3oz bottle ... I wore it to work , applying two sprays to my wrist and spreading it to my neck 's pulse points and the base of my throat . As the day progressed , my friend 's girlfriend followed me around the store asking me questions and each time I 'd answer ... she 'd get closer to me . I also asked my friend Laura what she thought of it and she took one sniff followed by a bigger whiff of my wrist . . Her ass turned into a vampire . I definitely recommend this product as part of your collection . It lasted a throughout my entire work shift and drew compliments . . This product can put a spell on women if you 're a smooth talker so use it wisely ; -RRB-
 Has a nice masculine scent , but with a touch of modern day fresh powder to it . It works very well , surprising as it seems . The bottle is huge , it applies very well , and comes in a nice case . It arrived quickly , as scheduled and in good condition . I was overly impressed by the scent , and it lasts quite a while .
 When my fiance and I first met he used to wear this and it reminds me of chocolate ; sweet and a little dark yet seductive . He ran out and it 's so expensive in stores he has n't worn it in four years . I saw it on here so much cheaper I had to buy it for his birthday ! Worth every penny , he is absolutely irresistible when he wears this ! It 's a great smell on any man , and the bottle is nice to look at as well . You can really smell the spice and amber in this , and the hint of tobacco leaf blends well if you happen to smoke cigars , it does n't make you stinky . If you 're looking to get this for your sweetie , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The scent is long lasting . Smells fantastic . I own other Perry Ellis colognes and they did not dissapointed on this one either . Highly reccommend this product .
 Best buy , the order arrived within the agreed time , the perfume is designed for elderly gentlemen because its scent is very classic . I 've always chosen to buy perfumes amazom directly as I receive 100 % original .
 I have to many colognes -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and this one is one of my favorites ... It 's elegant but and the same time kind of attractive ...
 My wife bought me this , and said it smells like `` an instant orgasm in a bottle . `` Does it live up to her hype ? Well , I have to admit , it does smell quite good , and lasts the whole day . I do highly recommend it.Besides , it gets her all hot and bothered , so I see no downside .
 This is a great perfume . I spray it on me in the morning and my girlfriend can still smell it at around 9pm . I 've even gone to the gym and i can still smell it on me after i 've done my workout . Really great purchase .
 The first time I smelled this cologne was on a stranger ... I thought it was the best cologne I had ever smelled in my life ! When I asked the guy what cologne he was wearing , I immediately wrote it down ... then I went home and ordered it for my boyfriend . He is picky about his colognes so it 's not always safe to buy it for him , but I knew there was no way he would n't love this scent . The scent lasts all day long , and it is so distinct and DELICIOUS , but also subtle and not too over-the-top . You 'll definitely get the ladies with this one !!
 Would say it is a nice smell but not the best . My husband likes it but think the regular version smells best .
 perfume has a scent is sweet soft and durable , like women very much recommend it . only bad thing is the packaging is disarmed
 Decent cologne ... Got the Original Perry Ellis 360 as a present , which i liked ... so decided to try out the 360 Black ... Still prefer the Original , but the 360 Black aint bad . .
 So I read the reviews on this bad boy and decided to test it out and it was much different than what I expected . The scent is very strong , and it smells like something a 40 year old would wear -LRB- definitely not something for a 19 year old male -RRB- . I have to admit though , even though this is for older men , it smells really nice and it is pretty strong . I would hold off on this if you 're around the 20-30 age range . This smells like something a 35 year old bachelor would wear , or your 40 something teacher/professor . sorry about a ; ; this agism , but if you try it out you 'll understand exactly what I mean
 Actually I had never smelled this cologne before , I wanted to suprise my hubby with something new . So I read the reviews and based my decision off of that . Let me tell you , I didnt go wrong ! everybody couldnt possibly be telling the same lie ladies , this cologne is awesome , it 's definately a panty dropper ! lol
 I bought this cologne for my husband for Christmas and it is definitely my favorite men 's cologne by far . Nice , big bottle lasts awhile and it smells so amazing .
 the packaging and design is excellent . what I expected and meets loa offer made . I arrive on time . happy with the purchase
 360 Black Cologne by Perry Ellis for men Colognes360 Black Cologne by Perry Ellis for men Colognes.Good price , good product
 I must buy again this perfume , for me this is the best of 360 series and the price is cheap too .
 Makes my husband smell soooo sexy . Love the scent , not to strong , just perfect and it does not wear off to quickly .
 the case and the bottle looks great and it smells lovely.got this as a gift for my bf and he loves it . I love the way it smells on him . Perfect .
 I use this perfume for everyday use . It is good for the office . It is discrete . Not for a special ocassion or special date . But it is good for daily use .
 I bougth the perry elis 360 black and i 'm totally satisfacted , i like the smell , i use it every day and people liked my smell
 Great for the price and it is original at the mall stores this same cologne goes for $ 60 so I think it 's a great buy on here
 Enamora fragrancePerry is a captivating scent that France alone , each time I use it gives the feeling of excellence to attract attention by the sweet scent that combines the delight of the perfume with the image of a current
 Received this cologne through Amazon and came packaged nicley . The cologne itself is a nice manly scent that I prefer to use evenings going out and the scent is not overpowering . It is a good choice to wear because you wo n't smell like every other guy !
 OMG , i have never in my life seen anything so nice . FIrst of all ... i love tht it comes in a cannister shaped standing leather case , where the makeup brushes each have their own little hole inside a holder in the cannister , so the bruses stand up and u alwaysw know which is which , the brush set holder itself is BEAUTIFUL and its real pebbled leather and u can smell the leather when u open the box ... . the brushes are out of this world ... it is a bit pricey for makeup bruhes at 50 bucks but WORTH IT ! IT ALSO came in a red velvet bag with a tie at the top that was very classy ... i gave this to my mother for xmas and I WANTED TO KEEP IT and everyone there wanted it too ! awesome item ! i recommend these bruses 100 % and regular shipping took 3 days right before xmas ... I LOVE SEPHORA !!!
 These brushes are very nice they are soft and do a great job of blending . They come in a nice case that is perfect to travel with so they dont get bent . they are also good quality and can be cleaned easily .
 I love this perfume . Its very light , but smells wonderful . I also like the price compared to some of the other perfumes I wear . I definitely recommend . Also , I received the perfume very fast .
 Un doux parfum , tres agreable a porter en Ete.Parfum discret , les tetes se tournent comme pour chercher celle qui le porte ...
 I tried this in Japan and loved it so much !!! Used up 1 tube in 2 weeks -LRB- face and hands -RRB- . This foam has a very lovely -LRB- faint -RRB- scent and does not dry you out . In fact I think Komenuka foam is much better than the Albion -LRB- another Japanese brand -RRB- $ 55 foam I used .
 This product means what it says . Its non-oily and makes your hands feel healthy after a hard days work . Other products use lots of oils and you just ca n't wait to wash it off . This stuff is truly amazing and every man will use it once they try it .
 I used this product for the first time yesterday . I agree with the review before mine that the products should be used together . I used the 1st lather then the Hydrating Detangling and then the Humecto DC . My hair felt great afterwards . I use the leave in also . But this shampoo will only get used once a month because I consider it my clarifying poo . Both shampoos have a salon smell to them . I am curious to see the out come with a rollerset ... hmm .
 I got this from a coworker once a while back and I 've been using it since . I love how it does n't dry out your hand . Smells great !
 Great hand cream . Love the fragrance , and it 's heavy enough to put a good coating on my dry , winter hands . Easy Traveler
 The smell is refreshing , clean and delightful.Everyone that comes to our home and uses this product , asks , &#34; where did you get this wonderful soap and lotion . &#34;
 Thick , rich , light non-greasy daily moisture ! This is a wonderful size to put in your purse and carry with you all the time !
 I love Thymes eucalyptus and can only find it online . Amazon is great of course because I get the most options -LRB- I go through the hand wash first , so it 's great to find replacements and not have to buy the set -RRB- It also looks very nice in my baths.The shipping was quick and packed very well .
 If you like the smell of eucalyptus , as I do , you will never go without this wonderful hand wash and creme !
 While I love many of The Thymes fragrances -LRB- including my recent fav , Frasier Fir -RRB- , the scent I have loved for years and used religiously is Eucalyptus . Although I enjoyed using the hand lotion , I recommend that you buy the Eucalyptus BODY LOTION -LRB- as opposed to the Eucalyptus HAND lotion -RRB- because you get essentially the same product for a much lower price by volume . The Thymes hand lotion is a little thicker than the body lotion , but not by much . Importantly , neither the hand nor body lotions are greasy.My favorite Thymes Eucalytus product is the Eucalyptus shower gel , as it smells heavenly and opens my sinuses ! -LRB- BTW , The Thymes Eucalyptus body lotion is NOT as strongly eucalyptus scented as Molton Brown 's Warming Eucalyptus shower gel . I prefer The Thymes Eucalyptus products . -RRB- Also , I highly recommend the Sue Patrick store , as they have provided me with excellent customer service for both my orders to-date . Recommended .
 I first used this product many years ago , but then unfortunately , my salon no longer had it . I have looked for it for years . I found it here on Amazon -LRB- where I can find most any product I am looking for -RRB- . It keeps my hair in place even on outing to the beach . Granted , that windblown hair is a style a lot of women try to create , but at my age , Neat is in ... from morning to night . Thanks to you and your suppliers .
 This is by far the best hairspray I 've ever used -LRB- and I have tried many -RRB- , amazing all day hold , even in humidity , natural look .
 I have been using this hairspray for more than 25 years . It is the absolute , best hairspray I have ever found to keep my fine hair in place all day without weighing it down . It has a very fine mist that you can immediately comb to style without waiting for the spray to completely dry on your hair . You absolutely can not beat the hold that this hair spray provides for those with fine hair.At first , I could only buy it through salons . Then , I was able to purchase it at Long 's Drugs and Rite Aid . I do n't have either of those two stores in my immediate neighborhood now , so I will purchase it through Amazon . It 's twice the price of the other hairsprays , but you definitely get what you pay for with this one ! It will always be a 5-star favorite with me !
 I have used this product for years . It is the perfect finish , turning my very fine limp hair into a `` do '' that lasts all day without weighing it down . I lift my hair and spray the shafts for body that lasts and lasts . When I could no longer find the product in the stores I started buying it through Amazon where I can shop for the best price . I highly recommend this product and Amazon for the best price and quick delivery .
 I 'm in my early 20 's and I spent some time looking for an eye cream that would lighten , offer some sun protection , and possibly offer some cellular protection for the future . This really brightens up the eye area , offers a mild sunscreen , and it has all natural ingredients , some of which are anti-oxidants . It does n't burn , and I agree with the other reviewer , leaves the eye area matte for applying make up - Much love for this product
 This was the first Korres product that I ever bought to use . I have only used a couple eye creams previously and this has been my favorite so far.It 's a nice elegant looking package and it 's easy to get a tiny amount out to put around your eyes . The cream absorbs quickly and is not overly greasy.It seems to help minimize some wrinkling around my eyes . I am not sure about how it will do with helping dark circle because I have n't been using it long enough yet . I will try to remember to update in a couple months .
 It 's the best and the cheapest Eye-Cream I 've ever used . I had tried all kinds of Brands . Estee Lauder , Lancome , La Prairie -LRB- toooooooo expensive -RRB- , Hydroderm , Aloette , Oriflame . Nothing would make any difference on those fine lines that have started forming around my eyes . It 's also working on dark circles.And this is 30ml for God 's sake . No other brand in the world has a 30ml eye-cream for 32 or something Dollars . You can use it both Night and Day . I 've also found out that it works much better if you use an eye-serum underneath to keep the area a little bit more hydrated , because the cream leaves the skin mat as if you 're wearing powder , which is awesome !!! Now I 'm still using one of the Oriflame eye-serums underneath , but now that it 's finishing I 'm thinking of buying the Korres Wild Rose Serum , which you can put all over the face and under the eyes . Very cheap too.Korres Wild Rose Brightening & Line Smoothing Face & Eye Serum 30mlOh ! This eye-cream also has spf8 and it 's all natural.I 've also started using the Korres Lecithin Nourishing Cream . It 's anti-wrinkle and they gave it to me at the Original Korres Pharmacy in Greece , when I went for Easter . I use it at night and it 's just as excellent as the La Prairie Cellular Night Cream for which , I had been paying 110 $ , while this one is only around 35 $ I think .
 Many eye creams look greasy or if you start sweating or in the sun , if the cream run into your eyes and burn . Korres is very gentle , no burning , no irritation , no greasiness . It would be nice if it was more firming , buy overall it 's a nice product .
 For the price and size , this eye cream is great . The tube is huge and lasts for ever . The smell is wonderful , it 's all natural , and it has SPF 8 . I have really noticed a difference in my skin . The skin around my eyes feel soft and look much brighter . I use this cream day and night . I am going to be trying more products from this line .
 I 'm a big fan of most Korres products , but I had low expectations for this eye cream . Turns out , I absolutely love it . It 's nice and creamy , without feeling heavy or ` sticky ' around the eye area , an unfortunate trait I 've found in the many , many eye creams I 've tried recently -LRB- Clinique , Khiels , Bobby Brown , etc -RRB- . Something to keep in mind though - this is not the most powerful anti-aging eye cream out there . It is not supposed to be ! That 's why I 'm calling this a good `` starter '' eye cream . It 's great for hydration , which is key to PREVENTING signs of aging around the eyes . The vitamin C in the formula will also do a LITTLE BIT for fine lines and brightening the area . However , this eye cream is not supposed to address/reverse significant signs of aging in the eye area . For that , you may want to dry the Wild Rose line , or the Olive and Rye line -LRB- if you are very dry -RRB- . All in all , this is a great eye cream for someone in the 20-34 age group who is looking for hydration and prevention . If you are looking for a significant reduction in the appearance of fine lines , you will be disappointed .
 I 've spent a fortune on eye cream products , trying find one that actually does diminish fines lines and dark circles . They have ranged price from $ 17.00 - $ 100.00 or more . This is the first one that has actually made a difference . I 've been using it for 6 weeks and I 've noticed that my dark circles are getting lighter . The fine lines are fewer now and definitely less noticeable . It also has a light SPF . It goes on well , not too oily , and actually feels good on ! The tube is large as far as eye creams go and will last a long time .
 Take it from me ... someone who has racoon eyes ! I have tried EVERYTHING for these dark circles . From home remedies to expensive products . I was actually very surprised how well this cream is working for me . My dark circles are definetely a shade or two lighter . I definitely see a difference and not because I want to but because it really is working ! Hallelujah !
 Been using this for a while already . I have very sensitive skin and am allergic to a lot of stuff but this eye cream works perfectly for me . It 's very gentle and nourishes the skin in the undereye area very well . I use it only in the evening normally . I also have dark circles and to be honest , I ca n't say that the cream helps a lot with them . I started searching for a replacement for it , but after reading reviews for other creams and trying some other ones , I 'm thinking to buy this one again .
 I have used this for a year and so far it does what it says . I have been using it twice a day and my eyes look better . Do n't be deterred by the price . The tube is huge -LRB- much bigger than most other eye creams -RRB- and a little goes a long way .
 A consultant recommended this to me , and I have been wearing it since last year . GREAT product . I 'm in my mid-20 's and I started to get dark under-eye circles from studying too much LOL . I 'm not a real make-up person , but this cream applies wonderfully .
 Saw this on the Today show and they said it was good for dark circles . I have used it for a year now and it I have seen improvement . Nice and thick and has sun protection , but does n't irritate eyes . Am reordering when I run out-lasts forever : -RRB-
 I have had problems a couple of times with hair loss . Once after an operation I started losing hair and my doctor said it was the shock of the operation , it caused telogen effluvium.Then , I went through chemo and slowly lost hair again , used this product and again it helpedI wish it was less expensive .
 I absolutely love this body wash . The service was fantastic and I received my shipment almost instantly . Will definitely buy again from this seller .
 My mother and I love this relaxing lavender body wash we first discovered at Molbacks near Seattle , WA . It is actually made in Minnesota , but you 'd think it was from France . She just sent me a bottle as a surprise gift and I 've been enjoying using it as hand soap because I ran out of my Jason lavender soap . You can refill your hand soap dispenser and every time you use this soap you will feel more relaxed and comforted by the lavender fragrance.The healing ingredients include
 Love this lotion . This is my fav scent and the feel of the lotion is awesome ! Smooth but not greasy or sticky yet keeps hands moisturized thru a couple hand washes . The kimono rose is a really lite and pleasent scent .
 The fragrance is beautiful , a very soft bouqet , calming and relaxing . This bodywash is a little pricey but goes a long way . Just a tiny bit is silky smooth and lathers up well with tons of tiny fragrant little bubbles . I work outside and after a hard days work this body wash is my little bit of heaven .
 When I 'm tired of smelling like a rose , I switch to my favorite lavender body wash by Thymes . The only time I do n't use it is when I am on assignment with the FBI or CIA and must maintain my confidential status . Then I must use the CIA - issued odorless cleaning products . When the great lavender smell is emanating from my body , my family knows it 's time to celebrate a successful end to a mission ! I find this product to be a great respite from the travails of leading a double life .
 I have always liked the Thymes line of body creme and this one does not disappoint either . I will say I would have liked the nice bottle they showed in the picture but I did n't get that with my purchase . I would recommend this creme for its fragrance and it feels great on your skin.Hila
 I first purchased this perfume a few years ago and absolutley loved it . What I love about the rollerball is that it easily fits in my purse and I can freshen up at any time !
 I PRAY they never stop making this cream . I will hunt down every last container . It is far better than its sister Prada perfume . It has richer undertones , lasts longer and it is a luxurious silky thick cream .
 This was a thick body creme that smelled exactly like he perfume . It last s a very long time . I just reordered a second one .
 I love it and I get so many compliments on how nice I smell . I prefer the cream vs. the perfume . I ordered days before Christmas and I got it for Christmas . Thanks to all involved .
 This is the best long lasting lipstick around . The color goes with everything.Cliniques is the only lipstck I buy .
 I bought this crem to help heal an extremely dry patch on my neck and around my hairline on my forehead . I do water aerobics 2x a week for 2 hrs at a time and the chlorine was making this spot unbearable . I apply this cream through out the day and at night before I go to bed and so far so good . The spot healed within a couple days . I started using it on my 6 yr olds legs and arms because he has eczema really bad in the winter . We have a hard time using any lotion because he screams that it burns . I convinced him to let me try this and no screams . His skin is returning to smooth . I gave the extra tub to my niece who swims on the swim team because she has bad eczema as well and she is loving this cream too . My sis in law uses it on her hands that are extremely dry and chapped from frequent washing -LRB- she works for a dentist -RRB- and she says her hands are healing up nicely . We all like that it absords quickly and does n't leave you greasy . We will all be definately buying more of this !
 I love this product . First my Mom , now me , and now my girls . I have even given away to friends .
 I have used this produce 2x a day - every day - on my face and neck for the past 15 years . I have dry , sensitive skin and Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera Cream is the best product I have found that keeps my skin smooth and supple . I found it originally at Wal Mart , but could n't find it anywhere after the first couple years so I started buying from the company direct . Then , I found it on Amazon a couple years ago and have ordered from them since . It is affordable and works for me . I would suggest you try it if you have dry , sensitive skin . It 's the best .
 This product has kept me looking young for over 20 years . Would look really old without it . When I have yielded to the temptation to try other products , I have always regretted it , because this is the only product that keeps deep wrinkles at bay . The other aloe vera cream with vitamin E does not achieve the same results for me , so I would be devastated if this formula were to be discontinued .
 Looking for a really good cream ? This is it ! The texture and feel are wonderful . It is not sticky or greasy . I use it on my face , hands , feet . After spending 4 times more for other creams , a friend gave me a jar of Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera - I was amazed - good results - no breakouts ! Even better - I got it on Amazon and never had to leave home . Try it - you will love it .
 I realy like this product . It makes your face feel very soft with the added benift of having Aloe Vera in it
 Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera Cream is a wonderful product . It is great for rough dry skin . Does n't take long to absorb into your skin and smells wonderful . The price was great . This is a great product for the winter months .
 I really like it very much ! it 's very good and useful ! But it is not alcohol free . So I ca n't use it on my face .
 I have been using this product for over 20 years and would not do without it . Glad to see it still on the internet as I can not find it in the stores anymore .
 I worked for Walgreens . I use to get big jars of it really cheap . It works real good . They quit selling it . I was very happy to find it here .
 This products first ingedient is aloe vera extract . Most aloe vera products contain very little of the good stuff . This product is terrific and the price is great . Its a very most and soothing cream without ant greasy feel.Love IT !
 This cream feels good and not overwhelming by way of scent or heaviness of a face cream . Hasnt made me break out eitheir . Feels so good youll want it all over your body !
 It heals as it softens . My friend 's hands get very dry and crack . This product has relieved those problems . The price is right and does the job , as stated .
 A wonderful product ! I love this stuff ! I just ordered some more because my husband keeps using mine . It is truly wonderful . Aloe - nourishing , healthy , gentle , fabulous ! That 's it ... the plain and simple truth !
 I this product on my feet in the winter time . Aloe Vera products -LRB- lotions , creams ... ect -RRB- , works wonder .
 I have been using this cream for many years ... it is an excellent face cream . There are two brands of this cream , vitamin E and the aloe vera . The aloe vera it is especially good if you are allergic to vitamin e. I highly recommend this face cream for anyone !
 Superior texture and smell , pump free container , easily absorbed and affordably priced . Simply blows away the competition . If you are already into aloe , this source is the best .
 Fruit of The Earth aloe vera hand lotion is , in my opnion , the best ! I have tried lots of them over the years and this one is just the perfect consistancy . It is not greasy . It just seems to soften rough dry skin , leaving it feeling so enriched . Since I always use the lotion I decided to try the cream , is a bit more thick and in the dead of winter when skin really becomes dry it is wonderful . The consistancy works well to soften my feet as well . Ca n't live without it - and that 's not an overstatement !
 I WAS IN RED RIVER VALLEY NEW MEXICO OVER CHRISTMAS , IN A SNOW STORM NO LESS , SO YOU CAN IMAGINE HOW DRY ONES SKIN CAN BECOME . I WAS DESPERATE SO I PURCHASED THIS CREAM AT THE LOCAL MARKET AND WOW I FELL IN LOVE WITH IT . MY SKIN HAS NEVER FELT SO GOOD . I USE IT DAILY ON MY WHOLE BODY , AFTER SHOWERING AND IT KEEPS MY SKIN SOFT AND MOIST ALL DAY . WONDERFUL PRODUCT .
 I have used this product for over 30 years . I use it in place of shaving cream and of course it does not dry out your skin like shaving cream .
 This skin cream did not disappoint . It has a thick consistency , and has renewed the look of my hands . I did some mechanic work , and my hands got lines in them and various cuts and burns , working on a hot motor . I wear gloves now when I work on the car , and this cream is helping to heal the skin damage I already have . It lasts a long time.I got it on Amazon.com it arrived timely .
 I use this cream mainly on my face . The results are excellent ! I have oily skin and this cream makes my face shine with radiance and not oiliness . My skin stays moisturised all day long . I have acne issues and some of the products I put on my face are very drying , this cream really works to moisturise the sensitive area around my mouth . Further , it does not cause any breakouts ! Buy it !
 Great stuff . I have used and reviewed this product in the past . It has not changed . It is still good for the things aloe is good for .
 I have extremely dry skin . I am on a constant search for the perfect skincream . Wintertime is the worst with overheated homes , stores , cars , etc. . I came across this cream in an old-fashioned drugstore - and have blessed the day ever since . This successfully moisturizes my skin , makes my skin feel a whole lot better without making me feel like I 've been greased . My skin loves it . It 's simply the best .
 Since I live in a dorm I ca n't fix the problem of hard water in my shower and my hair suffered . After purchasing and using this product I realized that my conditioner was absorbed more thoroughly by my hair . The results were immediate . My hair is now softer and stronger than ever . I love the Keracare line !
 This is a lovely scent . I got a bottle of this a few years ago while in Paris for my mom . She loves it . It never really caught on , and now is hard to find . I imagine in a year or two -LRB- this is being written in 2008 -RRB- this will be basically spoiled scent since it is no longer being manufactured and I ca n't imagine it has a shelf life of more than a few years -- but for now , this is a great scent , and hard to find elsewhere .
 My favorite anti-perspirant which was replaced by the manufacturer for something not half as good . I was delighted to find a few left out there .
 I love this cream . I have finally found something that takes the tightness and dryness out of my skin . I wear this at night only -LRB- not during the day , too thick -RRB- and I wake up with soft skin .
 I was introduced to this product at a Day Spa and have been using it since . When the Spa stoped carrying the Dermalogica products , I turned to Amazon ! This product is for maturing skin -LRB- I am 58 -RRB- and is better if used as a night cream . This product leaves your skin moist and soft , whereas other produces that I 've used left my skin dry by morning.Also try the SPF 30 day cream ; it 's the best day cream ever . I 've had women marvel at my skin . Try these products !
 I love this shampoo . It is awesome for oily hair . The service is good and I have never been disappointed .
 I have for few ppl , aloe vera gel doesnt work . For me , I have tried other aloe vera gel available in the market as well . But when I started using this like a 1.5 years ago , i realized , it is is helping sooth my sensitive acne prone skin . Since my skin is sensitive , I am very careful about what I use on my skin . But with this gel , I can totally count on it . It helps my acne heal sooner and also the marks fade with the constant use . its too dry to be a makeup base , but I use it before I go to sleep . Its really cheap , and just try it once before you make any decision . I am sure you wouldnt regret.I wud definitely recommend .
 The gel was very good . I used it on my burn from a very hot pizza that flipped over my hand and got cheese and sauce stucked to my hand .
 I purchased this gel to slick down my edges because i wear my hair in a bun a lot and i love the slick look . when i received the product i found myself using it for not just my hair . I used it for my skin from time to time as well i love this gel it does n't get flaky like other gels and is very soothing on sunburned or irritated skin i even use it when in shaping my eyebrows with my eyebrow razor . I love this product but i will unfortunately not purchase it from amazon its too pricey for the size of the bottle although i still have a small amount left im sure i can find some elsewhere for a much cheaper price but besides that I LOVE it .
 I use it on my hair when I need a very light hold , it works wonderfully ... Very light gel . And my hair never feels hard using this gel
 I 've used Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera for over twenty years but for some reason the stores in my area have n't been carrying it in recent years and was very disappointed when I could n't find it . Do n't know why I did n't think to check online for it sooner , Fruit of the earth seems to be the only one on the market that is unscented , very pleased .
 This is a great product that delivers the needed soothing effect . A plus for our family is not having to deal with colors and scents of similar products on the market . We have already recommended it to others .
 There 's nothing better . Great for babies , kids , and parents alike . With one lotion , no need to buy multiple brands . It 's natural , effective , and protects your skin . As usual with aloe it goes on sticky then instantly dries . Nice .
 I 've been using this gel for about 3 year now . It 's a great product . I apply it to my hair all the time because it feels very clean on my hair and there 's no nasty stickiness just like other gels and I get the look that I always want . I also use it to moisturize my face sometimes and use it for sunburns and rashes . It works so well !
 I bought a tube of this product about two years ago and it is the one topical that consistently soothes the pain of burns from cooking accidents . A little seems to go a long way , as I still had 1/3rd of the tube left when catastrophe struck . What follows is a true story.A couple of months ago , I cooked a large quantity of chili in a crock pot at someone else 's home . The `` friend '' -LRB- at best , an idiot -RRB- for whom I 'd prepared the chili created chaos and distraction as I attempted to pour the chili into a paper bowl . First , he gave me a ladle that was HUGE . Secondly , he made the paper bowl into a moving target , holding on to it rather than sitting it on a counter top and totally got in my way . There was no talking sense to this person , who kept insisting `` he was just trying to help . `` The result ? I ended up with a pretty serious set of second-degree burns from the very hot chili , some of which spilled over both sides of my left hand . This clown blocked my access to the kitchen sink , so I spent one full minute in agony as the thick and spicy chili , behaving like some form of napalm , continued to burn my skin . Same `` helpful person '' -LRB- either a sadist or totally oblivious -RRB- notices and asks `` Are you Okay ? '' Through clenched teeth , wanting to scream , I manage to say
 The amount and quality of my Earth Aloe Vera 100 % Gel for the price can not be matched or surpassed anywhere . At least that is my humble opinion . No matter what the blemish or abrasion is on my body , I can use the gel for a couple of days and it is like magic ... the healing not only begins , it is often completed . I will never go without this gel in my home . The purchase from Amazon made it simple and quick !
 I 'm African American and I use this product in my hair . It makes my hair super soft and manageable . I absolutely love it and will continue to purchase it !
 I started using Aloe Vera lotion after a visit to a dermatologist . He claimed that for the price , nothing was better . Aloe Vera has been used for many years to heal damaged skin . I found this product readily available and use it as an after shower application for my body . It soothes and aids in healing dry chapped skin . Though I do n't get expose my skin to the sun too frequently , I ca n't say how good it is for sunburns , but I suspect it is excellent for that use as well .
 I 've been using this product for a week now and I noticed a big improvement in my skin . The red marks are fading and no pimples.But I do want to mention that I did a test on myself before I start using this product . I read an article how dairy food can cause acnes because of the antibotics that are injected in the cows to product more milk . The anitbotics are like pregnant hormones , so when you eat dairy food , your body thinks you 're pregnant and cause your hormones to go out of balance.So I did a test to see if it 's true . I had no dairy food for 2 weeks and what a difference I saw in my face . I noticed right away no more development of new pimples or cysts . Then I decided to go back to dairy food again . I started breaking out again . From then on , I cut out dairy food and I have n't had another pimple again . But I had another problem . The scars and red marks are still there.This is when I found FOTE from T-tapp website . Once I started using this product , I noticed the red marks fading immediately and my skin seems more smooth . I use this every night as a mask and wash it off with St. Ives Apricot Scrub -LRB- oil free only -RRB- . My skin would look radiant and healthy in the morning.I would definitely recommend this product to help the red marks and scars on your face but do try testing yourself to see if dairy food is also another problem that is causing your acne .
 I never used Aloe Vera Gel before untill I was looking for something more natural then a lotion for my skin . I use it for my face , elbows and knees . When you apply it , it feels kind of like there 's something sticky on your skin but it goes away in a few seconds . Some people say that the ingredients contain a lot of chemicals . First Tocopheryl Acetate is actually Vitamin E so it 's not bad for your skin it 's going to help repair it and fight aging . Triethanolamine is good PH balancer , Carbomer is a thickening agent that makes it a gel and wo n't hurt your skin . But Tetrasodium EDTA , DMDM Hydantoin and Diazolidinyl Urea in small amounts are ok . But if you look at the `` 100 % GEL '' on the front you will see a '' * '' beside it and on the back bottom in tiny writing it says `` Plus stabilizers and preservatives to insure potency and efficacy '' . They do n't say 100 % Aloe Vera Gel but that is what people would think when they see it .
 We ordered several brands of Aloe vera gels . This was our favorite , and we have reordered a few more bottles . It does n't contain all the extra artificial additives many others put in , this just has the natural good properties of Aloe Vera .
 I love this product for any type of skin injury/trauma . Scratches , sunburns , burns , bruises , dry skin ... all heal faster with this gel -LRB- I use antibiotic cream for the open wounds first -RRB- . It 's a good moisturizer .
 I use this product , in all of my beauty needs , however I love shopping at amazon , you can get this product same size same thing at walmart for only $ 4.00 . and you do not pay shipping and handleing !! I am appalled that this product is so expensive on this shopping page . Please shoppers if you can get the same product cheaper at your local stores ! just trying to save ya 'll money !
 Great to be able to find this on the internet as it is hard to findin a store . Very soothing . Great for acne , after shaving , if you geta minor burn or sunburn . We like it a lot !!
 I decided a little while ago that I 'd stop using hair products with sulfates , parabens , silicones , and harsh chemicals in general . That worked out well for my curly hair
 I use this at night before bed -- I like to put this on my eyelids because it is so mild and it helps the dryness -- but you have to use a very small amount as to not get in the eye ... also this can be used for any dry areas on the body because it absorbs so quickly -- does not have any additives.just wonderful !
 A clean , fragrance free gel . great as a hair styling gel in addition to traditional use for sun burns . great to have around .
 This gel is very cooling on the skin . I mix it with aromatherapy oils for itch relief on myself and my dogs .
 I specifically bought this AVG for use in hair recipes for my naturally curly 3c/4a hair . Mixed with organic shea butter in the palm of my hand , this made for a great quick moisturizer . I 've also used it directly on my face which seems to calm down the occasional redness , and of course it 's great for scentless rough patches on knees and elbows as well ... though not as effective as butters for me . This is a staple product , IMO . Kind of hard to go wrong with it .
 I 've been using this product for years , after getting too much sun , and it works great ! I usually put some on then after a few minutes I 'll put a top coat on and lay under the fan so it cools my sunburn off . It 's very soothing .
 It 's cool and sooth the skin after sun . It does n't have any scent and also good as hair gel -LRB- I do n't use hair styling products but wanted to tame a few fly aways -RRB- without stickiness . Also good for healing skin such as after epilating legs and burned in the kitchen , even heal my face after using prescription strength Retinol . Great for the price and handy to use .
 One of the other reviews is slightly misleading . On the front it says Aloe Vera 100 % Gel , on the back it says `` 100 % Aloe Vera Gel '' - it 's just presentation , not misleading . ALL the other ingrediants TOGETHER comprise less than 0.5 % of the contents , so they can round it to 100 % . I 've been using this brand for years , and it really is the closest you 'll get to whacking a leaf off a living plant -LRB- which I also have , but do n't like to mangle -RRB- . Most of the others list water as their first ingredient and/or have alcohol in them -LRB- ouch on sunburn -RRB- .
 A good product but does n't feel like 100 % gel ; feels more like the Aloe Sun products I usually use . But , the label says 100 % Aloe Vera so it must be right , right ?
 I purchased this gel to speed up the healing of a deepish cut on a knuckle . Without going into graphic detail , the wound was beginning to develop into a dry scar . Using this gel a few times a day has really helped get the skin back closer to normal . I wish I had purchased it a bit earlier in the healing process to see if it helped reduce scarring , but I 'm pleased with the value .
 A Tanwan show recommended this , so I bought it . The aloe vera may be pure but a little to acrid for my skin
 This is a great product . I bought it particularly to use as a facial mask to keep my acne at bay and it works well
 This product is a great product for any uses for aloe vera.I use it especially for my face.It is a terrific cleanser for my face as well as a moisturizer .
 Use this all the time not only for sunburned skin , but daily use too . It 's just a little sticky when you apply it , however . A little scent , but seems like it 's all natural ...
 Affordable and effective and does not cause my skin to break out - I use it after waxing and it 's cheaper than the usual post-axing products sold , and as effective
 I bought two kinds of the Aloe Vera - one in a pump bottle and the other in a tube . I like them both - I use them to soothe itchy skin on my lower legs caused by diabetic neuropathy . I could n't find pure aloe gel anywhere here where I live -LRB- admittedly , it 's a rural area -RRB- , but even the drugstores and pharmacies did n't have it . I was happy to find it on Amazon .
 I use this to do Wash and Go 's and its amazing . It helped my hair with friz , and it promoted some hair growth . I also use it for acne .
 After spending a whole day in pool my husband had real bad sunburns so I ordered this and was really happy with the product . This provided relief for his itchy , peeling sunburnt skin . It dries pretty fast so you need not worry about reapplying it often . Now that his hand is healed I use this product as my night leg cream and am loving the results .
 Fruit of the Earth has been around for , hmm , maybe 30 years ? I remember the first time I bought aloe gel it was Fruit of the Earth . That was when aloe gel was the hot new thing.I have an aloe vera plant , too . It 's been growing about 20 years . Honestly , I do like the freshly cut leaves better for burns and to help heal skin , but the plant has its drawbacks , too , primarily the fact that when you cut off a leaf , it 's going to take time for a new one to grow . And it can get messy , and you have to use it fresh . The fresh aloe gel is n't really like a gel . It 's really more like extremely watery mucous . I only use it for first aid , because straight up , the fresh aloe makes my skin feel tight.So , I did some research on the ingredients after I 've used this for a while . I noticed when I used it near my eyes , they burned a little . It was nothing major , but I wanted to know what was up . Besides aloe vera , this product contains , pH adjustor , thickeners , stabilizers , preservative -LRB- tocopherol -RRB- , and anti-microbials . I 've no intention of writing a thesis , but my research revealed that several ingredients may irritate the eyes . These types of ingredients are required for a uniform product with some shelf life , and protection from yeasty beasties . So do n't put it around your eyes , OK?I use it to calm irritated skin . It 's cooling on a hot day , and boy , it feels like heaven putting this stuff on your feet at night . I use it to help wounds heal faster , and as an after shave/after epilation . Sometimes I just put it on because I feel like using it.Though I do have the eye irritation that I have to work around , I recommend this . I researched a lot of aloe vera gels on Amazon , and this is the best formulation I could find , bar none . Please note this is not a food grade aloe vera gel .
 I love this product ! I use it as a hair gel for my curly girl hair . No obnoxious perfume smell and it does n't dry out my hair . Walmart used to carry it and we would buy 6 bottles at a time . They have stopped carrying it and I am so glad to find it here at Amazon .
 This gel was recommended to me to apply following radiation treatments and was sold at the hospital pharmacy . It contains no alcohol or artificial color or perfumes . The first ingredient listed is aloe vera gel . This gel helped my skin heal from the effects of radiation . This is a wonderful product , and I highly recommend it .
 I prefer this product over almost every other aloe vera gel . Look at the ingredient list . With most products , the first ingredient is water . The only other aloe vera gel I 'll buy is Walgreen 's house brand because it also lists aloe vera as the first ingredient . Aloe vera gel is very soothing on sunburn , rashes , insect bites , and after shaving . It is also a great daily moisturizer , and will not make your skin break out . I have oily skin and use this even on my face .
 My wife has been using aloe vera gel for years , and until recently it was not difficult to find versions that were just aloe vera gel without colors or other ingredients that made her skin break out . She had used Fruit of the Earth before and was happy when I found I could buy it from Amazon . She uses it daily and it does n't irritate her skin the way other brands do .
 Great product ! I mix it with just about everything to give moisture to my concoctions . It mixes well with pure coconut oil and glycerine . Its an awesome moisturizer , that I highly recommend . I mix it with coconut oil and smooth it on my face at night . Despite the ingredients it feels non-greasy when it dries and the excess on my hands , I just smooth into my hairline . It 's a welcome humectant for natural african american hair .
 I 'll be honest . When I purchased this 5 years ago at my local Wal-Mart , I thought it WAS pure 100 % , and I did n't bother to read the ingredient deck . I do n't think Fruit of the Earth tries to deceive , you need to read the labels on all products . I use this with my FaceMaster as conductive solution , and I 've used it in the past when my dog had some type of allergic reaction to the grass , it made her more comfortable . I have re-purchased it since then , only because the bottle is huge and I never use it up before it starts getting cloudy .
 Its aloe vera gel . Its pure and clean.Duh ! What more can any one say ? I would buy it again any time .
 This product is amazing . We use it on our faces . It has cleared up my teens acne , as well as my roseacea . Have n't used it on sunburns or anything yet , but plan to keep it around just in case .
 it is a very better product , i love it too much . it help my family member and me . it protect my face .
 Really love this product . I use if after every bath on my arms and legs . It goes on wet , but dries in minutes and makes my skin feel nice and smooth . I really can recommend this product .
 This product has about a million different uses and this bottle probably lasts about that long . A huge plus for me is that it is made in the U.S. which makes me feel a little safer using it . I mainly use this on my face as a gentle moisturizer because of my acne . It 's obviously great for sun burns too .
 I love this product a lot . It is 100 % natural and heals the minor wounds and rashes greatly . Great alternative to lotions .
 Could n't find this product locally ; they all had alcohol and/or fragrance . Love this . A little goes a long way and worth the money
 It 's aloe vera gel . I mean , it 's not bad - seems to do what one would expect . What else could a person say ?
 After using it , my skin becomes soft and moist . What 's the most important , I feel comfortable . It 's mild and the smell is fine to me . And it is n't pungent to my eyes . So , I highly recommend this product .
 This gel works great on my hair . It holds , theres no flaking and it moisturizers . I wo n't use any other gel now that I found this one .
 this lotion smells soooo good on your hands and certainly reminds me of cake frosting . I LOVE IT !
 I love the smell of this ! It smells like cake or something like it , it smells deliciously sweet , you almost want to eat it ! I LOVE this product ... and this stuff is not just for kids ! This stuff is for anyone who loves to smell sweet ! I prefer sweet scents over most of the other scents they have out there .
 this lotion smells soooo good on your hands and certainly reminds me of cake frosting . I LOVE IT !
 I purchased this at a local salon for more money than on Amazon -LRB- now I 'll be restocking from Amazon -RRB- . This product is amazing . I have straight naturally blonde hair and it tends to get quite dry and get split ends . Now it is extremely healthy and shinny and not dry . I literally noticed after the first use of this product . I have been using this a month now and my hair has never been prettier . I have begun to use it on my daughter as well and had the same results . I 've done some research and if you have hair like mine the best regimen is to use a BOAR HAIR BRUSH and a large tooth comb , wash with this shampoo and comb in the conditioner . Rinse out and follow with a cold water rinse so your hair is shinny . Never use those plastic stiff brushes they ruin your hair ... for years I had no idea . If you do this you ca n't go wrong.This product smells like citrus/oranges . I like the scent just fine personally . I do n't like perfume smelling products as I am often allergic , I am not allergic to this .
 This conditioner works great and since you only need a small amount to get the job done , it lasts a long time !
 its ok , but i like the hydrating intense moisturizer better.This is ok for everyday use.Good deal for the size.way better than other salon shampoos i 've tried .
 i 've been hooked on the shampoo and conditioner of Enjoy Hydrating for a few years now - I absolutely can not live without it ! Love this product and the smell is awesome too !
 I was looking for this product cheaper than what you buy at the salon and larger than the average bottle . This was the perfect price for the size of product purchased . I would definitely order it again .
 I love Enjoy shampoo and conditioner ! My hair was getting dried out from the coloring and styling I can constantly putting it through . This keeps my hair soft and shiny . It smells nice too .
 This is a wonderful product . It smells great and leaves your hair soft and managable without being heavy or weighed down . I have been using this conditioner for years and years and always come back to it for a reason
 Ive been using this product for years and I love it.I buy it over and over from Amazon . Always like ordering from Amazon . I never have a problem.Thank you Amazon Michelle Reed
 Great hydrating conditioner ! My hair had previously been thinned and damaged by cheap shampoos and conditioners . I had to cut off some of the damage , but this conditioner helped save the rest of my hair . My hair immediately felt softer and looked shinier after one use . I only have two complaints
 I have been using both the Hydrating shampoo and conditioner which were recommended by my hairdresser . This stuff is fabulous ! I have long , dark brown hair that tends to get frizzy and also has some poofy areas . I used to use Pantene and had to use a whole handful to get my hair clean and somewhat manageable . Now that I use Enjoy shampoo and conditioner , I use about a peppermint candy sized amount and my hair is soft and more manageable . I was surprised at how little I really needed to get wonderful results . The hairdresser said to apply the shampoo to the roots and scalp then let the suds go through the rest . With the conditioner , apply from the middle of hair to the tips first then work very little into the root area . Make sure to comb through before you rinse it out . Afterwards , I lightly towel dry and add a little anti-frizz serum -LRB- about the size and thickness of a dime -RRB- and then blowdry . My hair used to take 30 minutes to dry and then was still frizzy . With this new regiment , I only spend about 5 minutes drying . I lightly touch up with a flat iron -LRB- only about 3-5 minutes -RRB- and people rave about my hair all day . And with living in a very high humidity area , I am very pleasantly surprised with the result . No more touching up throughout the day . Even air drying with just Enjoy shampoo and conditioner , people now comment on how nice my hair looks . I am sold on this stuff !
 There are so many different skin care products on the market today , one could literally get themselves lost and spend a fortune trying to evaluate them all . I fell upon Fresh Skin 's Oxygen Cream at a specialty boutique and I was looking for a quick pick me up for my tired complexion . I was actually looking for a French brand that is in major spas and high end department stores . Well , as luck would have it , they were out of the brand I was familiar with , but Fresh Skin Oxygen Cream caught my eye . And thank goodness it did . Fresh Skin 's Oxygen Cream is far superior to the other Oxygen creams and masks that I have tried . It is a light bubbly cream that when used once or twice a week as a leave on treatment , my skin becomes radiant and fresh . It is so gentle and clean . You ca n't go wrong with this reasonably priced Oxygen boosting pick me up cream . Fresh Skin has a blockbuster product on there hands - now if I could just find it at my local market , I would be in Oxygen Heaven !
 This is a great product , it was purchased for a mature woman , she loves it .
 This lotion smells incredible , its refreshing and relaxing ! Really is great for when your in a hurry and half a sleep in the morning .
 I have tried many shampoos over the years but this is the very best for those of us with a dry or itchy scalp . It cost a bit more but it is worth every penny . I also recommend the conditioner .
 This shampoo is so amazing . I love it ! It was the exact product as stated by the seller . It really tingles on your scalp , leaving your hair clean and moisturized . It even came earlier than the seller had promised . It removes all dandruff with no problem .
 I have been using this shampoo in the smaller 16oz bottle , and decided to get this larger one since I use it all the time to wash my hair . This is a great moisturizing shampoo , which makes my locs easier to twist after they 've been washed . Even though Amazon says its for professional use only , if you are a loyal customer of their product then you can trust that this is yet another good product to use . I used both the 1 - Shampoo and 2 - Conditioner . I did n't know that you 're supposed to condition your hair so I started buying conditioner products for that purpose . I do n't like this conditioner , and have found one which is a Carol 's Daughter condition instead . Also I do n't like this form of conditioner , as I said I found a Carol 's Daughter Conditioner , Black Vanilla Conditioner which comes in a spray bottle and is more manageable for my locs than the conditioner from this company . I 'd recommend this shampoo to anyone who wants to use a moisturizing shampoo , which massages the scalp as well . It 's a great shampoo to try out if your still looking for a great one , if your trying this shampoo for the first time I 'd definitely recommend using a smaller size like the 16oz which goes by faster before moving to this larger size . This shampoo is n't just for those with a Dry & Itchy scalp ! I do n't have such a thing and this shampoo works wonders for my locs !!!
 i love this shampoo moving up north the weather here is always so cold and my hair stays dry and makes my scalp itch with this shampoo i will no more problems
 Before using this product , I figured that I was one who had to shampoo my hair frequently . That changed after one use of KeraCare Dry and Itchy Shampoo . I 've noticed less itchiness and dryness . I will continue to use this product , along with the conditioner .
 My scalp can be very dry and full of dead skin and dandruff . This product along with the conditioner allows my hair to be flake free and it softens and does not leave my hair feeling rough like most dry scalp products do .
 The KeraCare Dry & Itchy line of products works for me . The shampoo is perfect because it lathers up nicely . I use the conditioner KeraCare conditioner after I wash my hair . The price for this size shampoo is a decent deal .
 I love this shampoo . It really helps with my dry scalp problem . I started off using this shampoo two or three times a week . Now , I only need to use it about once a week to maintain `` flakeless '' hair . A small bottle lasts a few months for me .
 Love this sunscreen -- no scent , lightweight , not slimy at all , and best of all it contains no methyl or propylparaben , ingredients which have been shown to be carcinogenic and which are in so many products . The worst you can say about this product is that it clumps a bit around the opening after it 's been used for awhile . So what ? It works great and the zinc oxide does not make you white and it mixes well with a bit of face cream to make it less drying .
 I break out from every single sunscreen on the planet !! This does not make me break out nor is it strongly scented . The smell is actually quite pleasant . Its perfect for me with my extremely sensitive skin . I use it under my make-up every day .
 I 've been using this sunscreen for about a year and love it . It is lightweight , does n't have a strong sunscreen smell , and , best of all , does n't cause me to break out . I 've tried many other facial sunscreens , and this one is my favorite by far .
 I 've purchased several sunscreen products for my kids . . brown skin and all the products would leave a purplish residue and caused dryskin for my daughter . . so stopped using sunscreen at all for about a 5months until I found this one . Smooth , doesnt leave a any ashy residue a or tan your skin . . brown skin this is the best compared to any other ive purchased so far .
 I am fifty and STILL get cystic acne and for years I would rather have a sunburn then risk the ensuing acne that would come from sunscreen use . I was told about this sunscreen at La Quinta Spa and now I swear by it . Goes on light and is not noticeable . I love it .
 This is a great soap - I have used it for years . It smells very nice and is kind to the skin . Very happy to be able to find this item at Amazon.com .
 The Kala corp 's Maria Evora Beach Rose soap is wonderful , a delicate rose scent and the bar lasts and lasts ! I have delicate skin and it is great - does not leave a film . Also the scent does not set off my Migranes .
 I love the AOS sandalwood fragrance . It has a very manly smell and last a very long time . This is very strong . Spray a small amount or you will smell like you are trying too hard to be noticed . I sprayed too much on one day and it was overpowering for me . I can only imagine what others thought . I now hold the product about arms length from my face and then spray once IVO of my neck and face . I can still smell the product before I take my shower that night . I would purchase this again and highly reccomend it . I use the AOS Sandalwood shaving cream and aftershave balm . The cologne smells exactly like the shaving product . Go to a Art of Shave store in the mall and smell this stuff , it 's great in my opinion . Hope this helps .
 This is an excellent cologne.If you like the scent of Sandalwood , this one 's for you . I wanted something that was a complete Sandalwood scent and not mixed with citrus or other tones . The description on this page states
 A real all arounderDurable scentPeople like itNot overpowering or too weakSmells greatI like the change in bottle type
 I love this lipstick ! I have used it for years and there 's nothing like it . It goes on smoothly and lasts for hours . Better than any designer lipstick I have ever used !
 I have been using this product for several years . The quality is high and the matte finish lasts well . The fact that it is broad makes it easy to handle - I use it both as a lip liner and a lip `` stick '' . What I like , in addition to the soft and smooth finish , ease of application , is the fact that you can sharpen it right down to the last 1/2 '' ! I am buying just about every color but I like the natural colors the best . What more can be said ? Great color selection , easy to use , high quality product , fast service from the vendor , all at a low price .
 I have used this lipstick for years . I was so disappointed when I learned that Duane Reade was no longer carrying it . I immediately goggled the item and was pleased to have found it . This lipstick is better than any designer lipstick I have every used ! It goes on smoothly and wears very well . I plan to stock up on them so I will certainly be ordering some more .
 I love this lipstick . It 's a liner and lipstick in one . It stays on well and has a nice finish . I usually top it with a glossy chapstick to give it a little more shine . The Valentine shade is too red for me , but I love Rosebud . Just wish the colors on the computer were a little more true to the actual color . It 's hard to pick the right shade .
 i found this product a few years ago and have been looking for it . it is wonderful . the color is great and it stays on . very easy to apply . love it .
 I have been using this gel for 7-8 years and also FX Root Lifter , and these are really the best gels ever , as other reviews have said . I have fine , wavy hair that tends to be either `` flyaway '' or limp . Other products either -LRB- 1 -RRB- build up like glue , -LRB- 2 -RRB- make my hair instantly oily , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- are useless , do nothing after about 1 hr . I used to be able to find the FX products anywhere in Chicago , but Osco and CVS stopped carrying it . Now the last few weeks it looks like Walgreen 's does n't carry it either . So after a month of buying , trying , and throwing out other gels that do n't work , I 'm shopping online for FX . Hopefully , they will never stop making this ! There 's just no substitute .
 this not only adds volume to my hair but makes my curls come out - i love it
 I have fine hair that can not tolerate a leave-on product without instantly appearing oily . Curl Booster Fixative Gel gives my hair body and shine , and even lets my hair stay clean looking longer . I love this stuff !
 Does the job very well . It just took some getting used to . works best on just slightly damp or dry hair .
 I too have been looking everwhere for this gel and the stores are n't carrying it anymore so I will have to order it.Since I am stuck with fine , limp , curly hair , I have found that this is the only product that seems to make the curls look somewhat presentable . Everything else either make the curls look greasy or a bad perm . Thank goodness for the internet and online shopping .
 My hair is crazy thick and heavy , this product tightens up my very wavy hair and makes it look curly . It 's the best , and as far as I can tell no longer carried locally by CVS or walgreens where I used to get it .
 This product was everything I expected it to be . I am so glad I found it . It is great to use on natural hair .
 My wife reviews as follows . We live in a dry high desert climate . She has curly hair that at time frizzes . This product holds the curl , makes her hair soft and eliminates the frizz . She loves it . Is frizz a real word ?
 I finally love my hair . I 've tried most everything on the market for curls in every price range and NOTHING compares to this ! Blow dry or air dry , works great either way ! Leaves you with SOFT spiral type curls , no frize AND with body not like most other products that weight the hair down . Best Product out there for curls ... the whole line is great .
 I love this gel ! I have been using it for about 8 years now , but it 's getting harder and harder to find . And , that is very upsetting because it is the only curl gel I have found that works for me . I have naturally curly hair and it tightens my ringlets and holds their shape all day long without frizz ! I want to know where to find it because it looks like they are changing the line , however I have n't found their new version of the Curl Booster gel . Help !
 I use this gel on my thick natually curly hair and I get great curl definition and hold all day long with a small amount of gel.For the price I highly recommend this product .
 Dont overuse this product because it will really make you care hard to manage . Remeber this is a gel no a sheen or activator .
 I love this product . I found it at Walgreens but checked review here at Amazon . I have searched high and low for a good curly hair product that does n't cost a fortune and can be purchased locally . This one is great . Sometimes I add a leave-in conditioner for extra moisture but so far it 's great .
 If you have fine to medium hair , this is the best ! I got a perm about 6 months ago and , using this , it 's curly again ALL DAY LONG ! Highly recommended !
 I 've used this product before but for some reason I could n't find at store , I found it at Amazon and I am so happy about it .
 I love the nail polish brand but I was a little disappointed that the color was n't what I was hoping for . It 's darker than I expected but I like it none the less .
 OPI Give Give Me The Moon is a shimmery gray polish with a strong light blue iridescence that makes this polish glow on your nails . Very pretty on cool skin tones . This is a great alternative to a plain gray color . It is a little on the sheer side , but it is opaque in 3 coats . I love this shade , I have well over 100 bottles of polish in my collection and I do n't own another color even close to this . Very unique color , I highly recommend !
 This is my favorite summer color . Not too pink or too purple . I get tons of complements on it .
 I love purple so I immediately bought this and Funky Dunky . The color is amazing . It 's a very pretty shade of purple . Not too light and yet not too dark .
 At first I did n't know if I would really like this color . It had glitter in it and that is n't normally my style however I love this color . I always wanted to wear black polish since that is the trend but I am fair skin and I found that jet black polish just looked silly on me . Even one of my husbands friends told me he liked the color on me and said it was sexy . This color is perfect I wish someone locally would stock it since I am sure to use up this entire bottle .
 First of all , blues are my favorite ! This is a nice teal , but definitely requires two coats . It is a bit lighter than I was expecting . Kind of bummed about that . I am a big fan of OPI and love how smoothly they apply . I am very hard on nail polish , so I might not be the best judge , but I think they last fairly well .
 I did some price shopping on this item and saw it described in other places as `` bright pink '' with `` subtle pink and purple micro shimmer '' . Well the micro-shimmer is so subtle you pretty much cant see it . This is a beautiful color dont get me wrong . Just keep in mind it is more of a DEEP pink rose color.Not Bright pink . And it has what they call a creme finish.I am an OPI fan , it lasts -LRB- on your nails -RRB- a good while . I dont know that it lasts the longest . I 'm off to try China Glaze next.If you need a pink bright enough to stand out when going out yet tame enough for work i think this is a great medium .
 This is my favorite OPI nail polishe . When the package arrived , the bottles of polish were individually wrapped in bubble wrap . All arrived safely . It never fails , whenever I really like a color , they discontinue it . When `` My Private Jet '' began to become scarce in my area , I turned to Amazon to find an extra supply . Of course I found it , I ordered it and when it arrived , all bottles were in perfect condition . I would not hesitate to buy from them again .
 what can I say , it 's nail polish , flows on nicely and lasts longer then the standard polish you buy in walmart
 My favorite color and it came exactly as pictures . I will reorder this product in the future . I love it
 I 've just recently started growing my nails and I had to get this polish . It is so beautiful and cost about the price I would have paid in the stores .
 I Like OPI polish and this is a beautiful color . . However it is not black which I thought it would be . . It is a dark brown . . but , very attractive .
 very pleased with this nail polish.He looks exactly like I wanted it to look.I love the products O.P.I
 I no longer have to be upset when I find out my favorite polish color has been summarily discontinued . I went to amazon.com and ordered five bottles .
 You ca n't go wrong with OPI . The color is great . Nail polish is all about the base coat and top coat , but doing everything right OPI lasts better than most .
 I LOVE this shade !!! My Private Jet is a gorgeous black , with a rainbow shimmer that is perfectly balanced in the polish . Indoors , or in dimmer lighting , it 's a super shiny slick looking black , with what looks like a very light sprinkling of sparkle . Outside , or in bright lights , it 's an astounding oilslick of rainbow iridescence.If you have n't tried the ` new ' black polish trend , or love the black polish trend and want something a little different , this color is for you . Beautiful.Oh , and not only do I do my pedicure in this shade , but for my manicure also , it 's just stunning .
 I love this nail polish . I went and got a manicure done , and this was the color on the wall that stood out the most to me -LRB- I 'm so tired of pinks and reds -RRB- . Since I do n't feel like going and paying 15 dollars every time I want this color on my nails , I decided to buy it for myself . It got here yesterday afternoon , and I just finished painting my nails about an hour ago.I like how it only took 2 coats to be fully opaque . I also like the fact that the brush on this polish is bigger and thicker , so it is easier to fully coat the nail without streaks . The formula is n't too sticky or gloopy , which is always a definite A + in my book.The only thing that I would say I dislike about this is that it takes long to dry , but that 's because I 've been using the insta-dri polishes lately . And nail polish ALWAYS takes forever to dry . Got ta be patient !
 This OPI shade is one of the ones rated highly by informal testers looking for polish to use in the `` Teal Toes '' ovarian-cancer awareness campaign . -LRB- tealtoes dot org -RRB- The testers were looking for colors that were true teal and that would wear well , so that they could be applied early during the awareness campaign month -LRB- September in the U.S. , March in the U.K. -RRB- and left on so that the wearer has many opportunities to spread cancer-symptom awareness as people comment on the unusual color . Highly recommended .
 I adore the colour Purple -LRB- not the movie ... the literal colour purple -RRB- . `` INK '' is an absolutely gorgeous purple/black and I fell in love with it the minute it dried on my nails . Topcoated with Sally Hansen 's `` Hard As Nails '' , it has n't faded in 4 days ; chips ? Yeah ; I need to retouch or just re-do ... BUT : I 've worn `` I 'm not Really a Waitress '' , `` Your Villa or Mine '' , `` Bubble Bath '' , and a few more . THIS ONE is a ` do-over '' as soon as this bottle is empty.ps
 OPI has been my favorite nail polish for years , and this color is great . I wear it on my toe nails and I think it is good for any season .
 The most beautiful blue I 've ever seen.How it looks in the bottle is how it lookson your hands .
 I am very pleased with the product I received . The company it came from stood behind their word and I received this in three days . I always liked OPI fingernail polish , it lasts a long time without chipping . I would order again from this company .
 I was very happy with the product I purchased and the price . Even with shipping I paid less than I would on OPI nail polish in a store .
 I agree with the other two reviewers - this shade is amazing ! I chose it for my pedicure on a whim last weekend , and it looks great . I was hesitant to go this dark because I 'm not gothy at all , but the shade is more like a deep gray than a black . The shimmer that you get in the light is more complex than any other that I 've seen , and it goes well with everything because every color in the rainbow is there . Also , it 's been seven days since the pedicure and no chipping . Highly recommended .
 First of all , OPI is a great product . The color , Ladies and Magentalmen is a hot pink color that is great for summer on both fingers and toes !
 OPI is a great polish , and this is a great color ! I love it , and wear it all the time !
 This is my favorite color of all of them . It is between a purple and a hot pink . Love it !!
 Great product , I always buy this , and it arrives so quickly . Thanks . The price is good too , and they last long .
 I would recommend this product because it 's good and the color is just just beautiul.It came in the time that they promised .
 This color is awesome . I love that is versatile , and It goes with so much ! I can wear it in a professional setting , which is ideal .
 This is a nice color . . a little calmer than I expected being named hot pink . A nice , true pink shade .
 Great color , -LRB- not for me -RRB- but for a Xmas stocking gift . OPI is the only nail polish that last the longest one my nails .
 I love how this color is sheer enough to blend in with my skintone and not be a distraction . The polish wore really well , I went 6 days before needing a touch-up !! I have a daycare called This Little Piggy too ... I think I have found my new go to color !!
 I love this Pink Before You Leap Color . Just gives you enoughglitter to have your hands looking nice and neat at the officeand for meetings.would recomment to any and everyone !
 This shade it is perfect , sparkly nude . Just a hint of glitter . Great for work where you do n't want to look at `` Toddlers and Tiaras '' with the glitter .
 Hi every one this is Sara-I just got my new nude nail polish by O.P.I , it 's called Up front & Personal . I love it great for the Holidays I think . maybe you want to use it to be casual but a Little spice . Nice for the Holidays maybe going to some parties or something ... . I do n't know . I had to apply 2 to 3 coats and I got the results that I wanted . I do have Olive Skin and it was a great complement to it . Amazon did do a great packaging job to it . I got a quick delivery faster then what they had guessed .
 hi . I have a question
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this color . I was very iffy about using an orange color but it 's SO CUTE . Perfect color and not over the top . It 's a great summer/spring type color and got a lot of compliments . It was a limited color so excited that I can now find it on Amazon .
 This is my second bottle , definitely one of my favorite , it 's a must have polish color ! The new one or the old one , they are both nice .
 I bought Teal the Cows Come Home for Ovarian Awareness -LRB- see tealtoes.org -RRB- and I love it . It 's a beautiful color , very vibrant , but I agree with another reviewer who pointed out that it 's more blue than teal . Still pretty . Opi is one of the highest quality polishes , too .
 I love this nail polish . OPI never disappoints with an even application . The color is awesome on my caramel skin tone . I 'm so happy . This is my second bottle of this product and it was in better shape when I got it on line than when I got it in the store . The polish was smooth and beautiful .
 Love love love this color . Perfect for the fall and winter . It has little specs of silver kinda looks like graphite . My favorite color .
 After watching kardashian episode back in 2009 kim mentioned OPI my private jet . . and i was like what is that ? i looked it up online and LOVED it and i just got it 1 week shipping . . awesomee just love this color its sparkley brown and its turns black sometimes cool !! well for mee looolll LOVE this color < 3 on my toes and fingers lol
 My Private Jet is black with gold and multicolor holographic glitter . A classic shade ! The holo is pretty subtle so it 's very wearable and the wear time is great . You can wear for a good five days without any big chipping . This is a color for every collection !
 I love this color . also really like all the OPI nail colors . I have ordered many different colors and mini sets . have never been disappointed .
 This brand is one of the best out there . The colors are rich and unique and the polish itself is long-lasting . `` A Grape Fit ! '' is going to be one of my go-to colors for summer -- it looks really good with a tan .
 Perfect color for summer!I could n't wait to add this one to my Shrek collection and ended up ordering it via Amazon because none of our local salons had it in stock . It is SO worth it ! OPI really outdid themselves this time with a fun and funky color that goes with almost everything . I 'm Ogre the moon with happiness !! -LRB- forgive the terrible pun ... could not resist :P -RRB-
 This is one of my favorite colors ! I get compliments every thime I wear it . It 's comes out looking pinkish copperish so it is great for every season .
 I love OPI nail colors anyway , but something about this color really appeals to me . It is a very dark , lilacy purple , with sparkly brown undertones . I am 31 , and it seems age appropriate , while still being trendy and current .
 This seller never disappoints ... always fast , and accurate . I even had to change some of my order after I submitted and he was able to change it before shipping it out to me . Will buy from again !
 Beautiful color that lasts and does not turn nails yellow . OPI is the only nail color I purchase . Thanks for having all the colors available !
 Last time i got a pedicure I chose this color at the salon and then bought this product for touch ups at home . Looks great and have gotten many compliments on it .
 This color is very beautiful . It is perfect for the summer because it is bright and has a little sheen . I could also wear it all year long . It is the right amount of pop on your nails .
 I dont usually do dark nail polish , I 'm more of a bright red/barbie pink kind of girl but I 've been letting my daughter pick out colors the last couple of weeks . I 've ventured into the teals , purples , greens and this FABULOUS Blue ! It 's really pretty on and it 's so unlike me so it really stands out !
 Could n't find this polish until I found it on Amazon . It was delivered on time and I love it , love it.I have gotten so many compliments.I can always count on amazon . thank you
 Love this color , not too wild , but not too dull either . OPI nail polish last a long time and goes on smoothly
 THIS COLOR IS PERFECT FOR THE SUMMER IT LOOKS PINK , PURPLE AND GREEN IT ALLS DEPENDS ON THE ANGLE THE YOU LOOK AT ITI WOULD DEFINITLY BUY THIS COLOR AGAIN
 Cute color i like to use this with lemonade stand by your man also by OPI and it is adorable and for the John Deere fans the colors are exact !
 This is a lovely light color with a gold sheen to it . I wanted a color like I 'd seen on the actress Alison Sweeney , which looked like a milky white with a gold sheen . I had to guess at it because I do n't know her color , and this is n't exactly like I 'd hoped but pretty doggone close . As always , OPI does n't disappoint in the wearability and ease of application .
 I am crazy about this nail polish color . It looks awesome on my toes . You will definately need to apply two coats and add a glossy top coat , like a top coat that will cut down your dry time . Anyway , the color comes out a beautiful glittery black color that is not to dark not to light and in my opinion look good on all .
 OPI Purple with a purpose is a great color !!! I bought this color to go with a specific gown I had bought which matched perfectly . I could not find this color locally . OPI is quality nail polish .
 I have purchased this Opi brand nail polish in `` Ladies and Magenta '' because it is such a beautiful color . It is a pinkish color that can be worn with either pink or red . It also lasts longer than any other nail polish I have ever purchased .
 LOVE this color . Although they say it is teal , it is a vibrant tourquoise and absolutely lovely ! It is the greatest color for summer and actually great for Spring-Fall . Wears well , no odor and the great quality of OPI laquers .
 I 'm very picky when it comes to pink polish but I adore this color . It 's not too shockingly glittery or too bright pink . It 's perfect for just about every outfit and occasion . It 's a great color .
 I only use OPI . Product lasts longer and actually helps my nails . It 's worth the money you pay for it .
 This is one of my favorite colors . The formula goes on smoothly and stays on really well . Like all OPI polishes , this is great quality .
 I definitely agree with the other reviewers . I just recieved my bottle of My Private Jet today , and it really IS amazing . It is a dark gray with an amazing iridesence - a virtual rainbow of colors ! It 's not gothic at ALL . I think this is my new favorite shade as well ! OPI is the BEST !
 Great stuff ! It 's Opi and if you use Opi you know that it 's some quality nail polish . Purple is a tough color to wear and I really thought it would n't look good on me , but I was totally wrong ! It looks great ! I have a light olive complexion , brown eyes & hair and it goes great with my tones .
 This intense blue is one of my very favorite OPI shades . The color is true and bright , without being too dark . I love it !
 I love the OPI line of nail Lacquer , but disappointed in the color once it arrived . It is a nice blue , a little `` flat/drab '' for my liking . Too close to something I already have . I have the Blue My Mind color and prefer its electric energy more . If you prefer matte finishes , this may be for you .
 OPI is the best nail polish I 've ever used , and A Grape Fit is my `` signature '' color for my toenail polish . I was unable to locate the exact shade locally , and was told it was out of production . I not only found the product for half the retail price on Amazon.com , but had the order in 2 days , in my mail box.My toes and I could n't be happier ! : -RRB-
 Well this is amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzinggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg ! i love it so much im wearing it now , its gorgeous . It is a dark grey with sparkles in it . I wore it to my homecoming , its a perfect party nail polish color . Ive noticed the tips of my nails dont have any nail polish on them , im not sure if its chipped or my nails are just growing , but i love this ! it isnt thick , its kinda runny but in a good way . its perfect ! i love it , its perfect for fall/winter
 Love this color . Wear with everything . Great color for summer but I will probably wear it year round . Love OPI have worn it for many years . Received pkg in timely manner .
 My Private Jet is a dark steelish black with lots of tiny sparking flecks , very pretty ! Stays on Very well on Acrylic nails , have n't tried it on real nails . Will purchase again . Great price too . -LRB- The color this site is showing with my review is not the My Private Jet -RRB- My private Jet is what I described in my review . Thanks , Jill
 This is my absolute favorite purple nail polish for my toes . Long lasting with a medium base and shimmer .
 This is my summer go to polish . Super bright and awesome.Love !
 Beautiful color ! More of a pinky irridesent . Gorgeous on and can be worn with anything !
 This is nice color , good application as I remember . It is a metallic-y electric blue , I would n't call it teal . But I do n't have another color like this in my collection so I am happy with it . : -RRB-
 I love darker nail polish and this color really rounds out my collection . Goes on super smooth and looks great ! It 's a blue/purple-based black polish with silvery sparkles .
 I get a ton of compliments on this color . Two people even went right out and copied ! It 's not too dark and not too lilac-ish .
 Used this color at a recent pedi . Perfect . Bought it for touch ups.Goes on smoothly , love the hint of colors that shine though .
 OPI is always my favorite brand . It 's worth the extra few dollars . And I LOVE this color . It 's nice and dark and shiny : -RRB-
 Got this color because it is Kim Kardashian 's fav ! Love this color . Kinda greyish/blackish with a slight touch of glittery shimmer ... I feel like a movie star !
 I just had a pedicure & used this polish . It 's FABULOUS !!! It 's pink without being too pink or bright . It 's a little lighter and more pinky than Dutch Tulips , and has a slight shimmer . I 'm always looking for cute new colors to use on my toes , and I 've found another favorite !! It 's one of those must-haves : -RRB-
 Nice blackish color . Has a purple hue , need to use 2 coats . Not a true black which I like . Lasted about 2 weeks with a top coat .
 This is a darkish brown/black with a shimmer . I like this color and have worn it quite a few times but it is n't a `` must have '' color in my collection . I think it will look better with a tan !
 Needed something that was n't some awful neon , screaming red or bubble gum pink . This is great . I can use it as a stand alone or mix it . Lasts about the same as other polish , but I use a coat or 2 of Sally Hansen as base and top coat .
 I have looked for a long while to find the perfect pinks . These two colors are just perfect and look so good . And being OPI they stay nice for a long time .
 Great color with the quality you expect from OPI . I was in search for a light purple lilac color . It 's lovely .
 I absolutely love this color and have been unable to buy in stores but found it for a good price ! The purple color is n't too dark as other of the similar colors have turned out . Fast shipping too !
 This has definitely made it into my top favorite polishes list . I 've used it for several different manicures including layered under glitters , has the base coat for stamping , and just by itself . And I love it more each time I use it ! It 's a cream polish that gives good coverage with 2 coats , goes on super smooth . I definitely recommend this for nail polish collections !
 Teal the Cows Come Home is an amazingly bright , Beautiful color . It had great coverage of the nail no need to do more than 2 coats . It 's eVerything I have come to expect from OPI products !
 I was n't sure how this was going to look on me because not every polish color looks good on every skin tone . This one is quite versatile and it looks good on everybody . I love it . Its so bright while it could also be considered a pastel . Beautiful purple . I would describe it after two coats as a deep lilac .
 I was very pleased with the service provided . I had hoped to use this hot nail color for new years , but ordered it late in the game . However , much to my surprise , it arrived just before NYE and I got my hot nails after all ! Thank you !
 Order came faster than expected , box handling is good enough for no leaking or breaking of nail bottle , and color is beautiful on my nails
 Great Liner , great feel of texture , great consistency while applying and brushing on . Definitely one of my all time favs .
 I was directed to this product by a makeup artists website that I frequent . I 'm not the least disappointed with this pencil ! It 's smooth and easy to apply , and it 's intensity is determined by the pressure you use during application . It 's fantastic , and looks very professional and natural once you 've finished ! I would definitely recommend this to friends and strangers alike !
 That was my bigest complaint . But it does wear all day and the color is vibrant and beautiful.The price is a little high .
 This trio comes with three really pretty shades in it , but the lightest -LRB- and biggest -RRB- shade is barely noticeable . Perhaps it 's just my skin tone , but you can barely see anything when you use the lightest shade , no shimmer or anything.I end up using the shade on the far right as a lid color , the middle color in my crease and the largest shade on the left as a highlight for a nice smokey brown look . That seems to be the only way that this trio really works well for me , and unfortunately that 's a bit dark for me for everyday wear.When I do use though it looks great . The shades are n't super pigmented , but they 're wearable and nice and they blend well .
 Very happy with product . Ca n't find it locally so ordering on-line only resort . Wears well .
 This facial cream is truly a miracle . It lifts my laugh lines instantly and makes me look more youthfull . The sad part is that Clinique has d/c this cream and replaced it with a horrific retinol cream that does not lift or firm . I will keep on buying this as long as I can and hope and pray that Clinique is able to bring this back . It is so effective that I started using this in my late 20 's and applying it only to the lines around my mouth and my forehead furrow . Well these pesky lines instantly disappeared ! I was hoping of growing old gracefully with this facial cream but alas it 's time to start shopping around .
 Great product and will order again when I run out . I wish they came in bigger sizes , but they will work .
 I ordered these for my mom and was glad that they were available with this seller ! She seems to be loving this particular product and now that she has a set of 4 such bottles , then it doesnt get any better for her ! They are also the perfect size for carrying them while travelling and sliding them into the cosmetic bag ! I love my purchase , and will defintely order again for my mother , whenever need be !
 I love the older version much better than the newer one . The total turnaround makes your skin so soft and it really does glow the next day . The texture feels so great on your skin . The newer one made me break out . PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD ONE ! I 'm so grateful that this seller still has it .
 These blades are almost impossible to find in a drugstore , and the postage to order them on-line is twice the cost of the item . But for all that , it is worth it to be able to buy them online , have them delivered , and there when you need them . This blade fits many different brands of callous removers . Thank you , Germany , for making them . They are sharp , and stay that way for a reasonable length of time .
 I 've been searching for these replacement blades for a long time . Finally , I found them . The razor is used for corn and callus removing between pedicures . It works very , very well , and cuts down on the number of times I have to GO t have a pedicure .
 I 've used Baxter products for many years now and this is one of my favorites . This is a masculine scent that always pleases . I 've had female coworkers ask me about it so the can get it for their husbands . I 've used other Baxter scents , but this is the one my wife likes best . Oh yeah , it 's also a great body wash that cleans well yet is gentle on the skin .
 I ordered this for my husband , and he says it is really helping his gout . He mixes it with water or carbonated water and loves it . He drinks a glass each day .
 If you are looking for the `` cherry remedy '' for high uric acid then this product is where you might want to start . You might have to mix it with fruit juice to get it down but this concentrate is in deed the `` Finest '' . The price could and should be a tad lower .
 I feel less arthritic pain and muscle cramps when I regularly drink a glass of black cherry juice . I mean EVERY DAY &#62;
 The product was well packaged for shipping . It arrived quickly and is very easy to use . It can be diluted , or for a stronger flavor , just pour from the bottle .
 This black cherry consentrate adds flavor and health benefits , plus I do n't have to use as much sugar in recepies . One of our favorites is to add the consentrate to the whipped cream that we put on a black forest cake . Yummy ! I also use it to sweeten plain keifer so the kids will drink it .
 I just want to let all of the moms who are searching for a product for their bi racial daughters who have bushy curly hair your search is over . I am a mom who has been searching for a product for my child 's hair for years . My child always had beautiful curly hair but when her hair dried and the sun hit it her hair became very bushy and dry looking . This is the only product that I have found so far that actually does what it says . It really keeps her hair looking good all day long . Thank god for this product .
 Fantasia Gel Thick 'N Shine is great ! I 'm always looking for the perfect product . This gel will be added to my `` going all natural '' arsenal . No flakes . Great hold . No crunchiness . No stickiness . No residue whatsoever . Great shine . Springy defined curls . I did the three finger scoop of gel which might be too much for most . My hair has a healthy thickness but it never hurts to pump it up . Also the color helps cover up my grays.Admittedly , I AM A CERTIFIED PRODUCT JUNKIE so nothing annoys me more than buying products that do n't work . Waste of $ $ $ and causes clutter and guilt.I always use Infusium Leave-In Moisture Replenisher then `` X '' gel . I might just go commando
 my hair is vety curly and also wavy the only product that does wonders is the fantasia thic and shine gel it also makes my hair look and feel fuller and now I am wearing my hair in a moe hawk I love this product.wil purchase 3 more jars
 I bought this corn plane to remove lemon zest . It does a great job and makes nice little slivers rather than other tools costing much more and harder to use . So much better than a grater . Got it at a great price with extra blades to boot !
 Heaven in a bag . Heaven in my bath . Heaven to have something so herbly to clear my nose air ! :-RRB- Thanks for a sweet product . They sat in my car for a few hours between the mail box and when I got home ... my car smelled good for two days . Ahhhhh ... LOVE !
 as esthetitian can recomended it for woman and man as well , quality of products very hight . Retinol mask work very good for mature and tired skin .
 I have always loved Andis products and this is no exception.It heats up FAST and does a great job . Could n't as for more .
 I am 31 years old and was having some breakouts along my jawline and lower cheeks . I take very good care of my skin and see a facialist regularly , but the breakouts kept occurring . A coworker of mine suggested that I try this cleanser because she had success with it in the past.The product is great ! My skin began to clear within 2 days of using this cleanser -LRB- in addition to Dermadoctor Emergency Spot Relief Treatment -RRB- . I alternate between this cleanser and a non-acne one , as all acne cleansers tend to be drying -LRB- even though this one is extremely gentle -RRB- . The cleanser does not sting or burn at all , and my skin is not left feeling tight and dried out after rinsing . A little product goes a long way with this cleanser . I think the 4 ounce bottle will last me for a couple of months.The only reason I gave it less stars was because it is pricey . But the results are worth it , so I guess you get what you pay for !
